1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
try—where it is not likely to be productive—where
it is not national to a certain extent (for I con-
sider everything to be national which tends to
develop the resources and wealth of the country)
—where it does not hold out prospects of advant-
age and remuneration to those who intend to
make it, either in the form of increased trade or
in the form of dividends, the subscriptions neces-
sary to make it will never be attained. Now, in
this instance, suppose we receive eight hundred
thousand acres of land from the United States—
and I conceive that under the operations of the bill
passed this morning we shall not get more than
three hundred thousand or four hundred thou-
sand 
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Four hundred and
twei.ty thousand acres is the exact number.
Mr. SUDELL. That at the minimum Gov-
ernment price would be $500,000. The road, at
the lowest calculation, will, when equipped, cost
$25,000 per mile. Then it will require an expend-
iture of $7,500,000 for the completion of the road.
Now, to show that the road is not a fanciful affair,
(and 1 think the honorable Senator from South
Carolina qualified by that term some of these bills,)
but that it is a real and substantial road to be car-
ried out, from which the stockholders and those
who contribute to its building, expect to derive
some benefit, I may state that the city of New Or-
leans, with the greatest unanimity, imposed a tax
of $1,500,000 upon the property-holders of that
city to aid in the construction of the road. The
State of Louisiana is also a stockholder to the
extent of$l,OO(),OO0or §1,200,000 If I am wrong
in the statement of this amount, my colleague can
correct me. Almost every parish in the State,
through which the road has to pass, hasalso vol-
untarily taxed itself to aid in its completion. Then
it is not a fanciful affair.
If 1 am not mistaken, it appears to me that I
have demonstrated that there is every degree of
certainty which the honorable Senator from Del-
aware can require to know, whether the bill
which I have referred to should or should not re-
ceive the sanction of the Senate. We know how
much it will cost the Government—we know that
the road will be built, and we are bound to pre-
sume that it is judiciously located, and will yield
profitable results, or the necessary amount of cap-
ital will not be subscribed to it. Now, I ask
him, if there are not sufficient elements before him
at this time to enable him to judge whether he can
with propriety give his sanction to the bill?
Sir, I have been led into a discussion perhaps
in some decree foreign to the merits of the ques-
tion immediately before the Senate, because the
Michigan bill is the one on which we are really
called upon to vote; but as the Senator from Geor-
gia made a direct appeal to me as to the merits of
the road in Louisiana for which we passed a bill
this momma;, I felt myself bound to respond.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Public Lands a single ques-
tion, to which I wish a direct answer, and I know
he will give it to me in his usual prompt way.
The question is this: What is his opinion of the
construction of all these bills, where a part of the
land lies within the public domain, and apart out
of it? Does not the donation apply to that which
is out as well as to that which is within the public
domain '
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I will state that the
Senate bills originally did so provide, and that
was the construction placed upon the Illinois Cen-
tral railroad bill, and upon others, I think; but
there is an additional section which was offered to
these railroad bills at the last session bylWr.ORR,
of South Carolina, which has been incorporated
into the bills of the present session. I thought
from readme it that it bore the same construction
which the Senator from Arkansas put upon it;
but it is due to the Senate that I should say that
I have not referred to the Secretary or the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office on the sub-
je Ivir. JOHNSON. I will state that there is ma-
terml distinction upon that point 
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senator from Iowa
frankly to give me his opinion.
Mr. JOHNSON". He has given it.
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir; I should be very
glad if the Senator from Iowa would state dis-
tinctly what is his own construction.
Mr. JOHNSON. As the gentleman from Iowa
does not seem disposed to answer, I will state, not j
by asking the permission of the gentleman from
Maine, but of my own right, what my own con-
struction is. The gentleman has asked for the
construction of the provision, and I wiil state what
my impression is. I have a right to think for my-
self upon this floor, and I shall exercise that right.
It is not in the manner in which he puts it here at
all that I will consider it, or that I have spoken of
it. I will answer for myself with reference to the
question which he puts. The question was: Are
not the whole of the lands granted, whether in one
part of the road or another, appropriated lo the
whole road? I say yes,it is true. I never said no.
But, sir, there is another thing in regard to that
point which is rendered clear by the bill itself.
There is a provision in this bill, called the James
L. Orr provision, which the House of Represent-
atives, at the last session, inserted into all these
hills as a restriction. It is a just, and rightful,
and a wise restriction, and it has been adopted by
the Committee on Public Lands of both Houses at
this Congress. That provision is one which says
that, though you may make grants for a million
of nules if you choose, you shall sell land only to
the extent of twenty miles at a time. I say the
construction to be given to that provision is, that
you shall be permitted to sell lands lying along the
twenty miles of the road which have been put un-
der contract, and not any other strip of twenty
miles until that portion of the road is constructed.
If you commence a work upon any part of the
road where there are no public lands upon either
side, you may sell all your right upon either side
of the twenty miles; but you cannot go to another
twenty miles at a distance, where there are public
lands, and sell that part. I say that, after you
have commenced one section of twenty miles, you
can sell the lands lying each side of it; but you
can go no where else to sell lands until you have
gone on with twenty miles more of the road.
There is, however, a wide difference between
that and the question whether or not an appro-
priation wiiich is made for the construction of the
whole road, shall be given only to that part of it
where the public lands lie, or shall be given indis-
criminately to the whole of it. If the wholegrant
of land is made, unquestionablv it goes for the
whole road in the end, provided the whole road
be constructed, If there is more land granted than
will annually secure the building of the road—and
that cannot be pretended in any case—it will be
held by the State, or appropriated by the State as
she may choose. But you expressly say when
yon pass the bill, that the State shall not appro-
priate the grants made by Congress, for a specific
object, in any other way than to carry out the
design of the bill, which is to secure the building
of the road. Thereis the material distinction.
But 1 will not stand misconstrued upon this ;
matter. If the gentleman makes an error in his j
construction of the bill, and I attempt to set him
right in it, I will not allow myself to be miscon-
strued by questions and answers between that
gentleman and another upon this floor. Nor will
I lose my chance when I have a right to come
forward and set myself right.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to assure the Sena-
tor from Arkansas that I did not mean to miscon-
strue him.
Mr. JOHNSON. But you refused to let me
answer when the question was asked.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norrjs
in thechair.) The Senator from Maine is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire only to state that I
wanted the opinion of the chairman of the com-
mittee We have had the opinion of the Senator
from Arkansas already. He had stated, with his
usual frankness, what his opinion was. I did not
misunderstand him. I understood him then as I
understand htm now. I wanted also the opinion
of the chairman; and that was the only reason
pie upon which such bills as this wer^ originally
introduced and passed by Congress; and upon
that ground, in order that I may have an oppor-
tunity to compare it with those bills, I ask for the
postponement. It has been but seven days in the
Senate, it involves matters of considerable mo-
ment, and I suppose it is not to be rushed through
by the force of numbers without giving us the
possibility of making the comparison which I de-
sire to make, unless it be indeed that where ap-
propriations of money, or of land, to purchase
whole communities are proposed, the doctrine is
that we must submit. I move that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed till the day
after to-morrow.
Mr. STUART. 1 hope the bill will not be
postponed till that time. The Senator can move
an adjournment, and this bill will then come up
to-morrow as the unfinished business.
Mr. BAYARD. The Nebraska bill will come
up to-morrow; but the Senate can do as it pleases
in regard to the matter.
Mr. CASS. I move that the Senate do ribw
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 7, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
I MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
I A message was received from the Senate, by the
I hands of Asbury Dickins, its Secretary,informing
! the House that the Senate had passed bills of the
| following titles, in which he was directed to ask
i the concurrence of the Hou^e:
j S. B. No. 136. " An act for the relief of Wil-
! liam Senna Factor;"
| S. B. No. 166 "An act to incorporate the
] Georgetown Gas-Light Company;" and
[ S. B. No. 185. i( An act for the relief of Mrs.
| Elizabeth C. Smith, of Missouri."
LEWIS WARRINGTON.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY; of Virginia, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from ihe
files of ihe House the petition and papers of Lewi" War-
rington, tor the purpose of referring them hi the Senate.
Mr. OLDS. I move to reconsider the votes by
which bills No. 244 and 245, introduced yesterday,
were referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. I make the motion now
in order to have it entered. •
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. The committees were nearly
called through yesterday, and as I am very anx-
ious to get the deficiency bill through not only the
committee but also through the House to-day, I
hope the House will consent to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole at an early moment. I there-
j fore move that the House resolve itself into the
i Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I Mr. MACE. 1 trust the gentleman will notin-
! sist upon his motion until after the morning hour
has expired.
The question was put, and there were, on a divi-
sion—ayes86, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
! (Mr. Seymour m the chair,) and resumed the con-
j sideration of the bill making appropriations to
! supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
1 fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1854.
! The CHAIRMAN. _WKen the committee last
' rose, the pending question was an^ appeal taken
! from the decision of the Chair, which ruled that
an amendment offered by the gentleman from
of the chairman; ana mat was tne oniy reason ; an umtrnuuicm. ~j — -  - . -
why 1 asked for it. I had no other reason in the j Maine, [Mr. Fuller,] in regard to the marine
wnl] ' hospital, in Portland, was m order.
Mr.' BAYARD. Mr. President, I have some !l Mi. PULLER. My col eague who represents
doubts in regard to a portion of the provisions of the district where the ospi a is si ua e o w lc
this bill, independent of my general objections to
it, and I shall therefore move its postponement.
The bill was reported by the Committee on Pub-
lie Lands on the 30th of January, but some seven
days ago. It is a bill which contains many im-
portant provisions. It seems to me to contain
provisions which are a departure from the princi-
my amendment referred, was not in his seat at
the time I made the motion. He was detained at
his lodgings by illness, and therefore 1 offered the
amendment in reference to the marine hospital
at*Portland. I was not then familiar with the sub-
ject; but since that time I have confened with my
colleague, and also with the chairman of the Com-
