1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1075
first encountered the perils, privations, and haz-
ards, incident to an emigration to this Territory,
should receive a larger donation than those who go
there subsequently. But independent of ail that
class of considerations, there is another. I have
already spoken of the absence of inducements to
emigration to this Territory. I have already
spoken of the obvious policy of inducing an emi-
gration there; and certainly, if this be so, it is
important to retain those immigrants who have
already gone there,
Now, if the pending amendment be agreed to,
and you refuse to make donations to those who
are already there, so far as it will have effect at
all, it will be to destroy the equality of induce-
ment that is held out to thecoming emigrant here-
after; the effect of it will be to lose what little
emigration you have already got there. That is
all I desire to say.
The ■question was then taken on Mr. Zolli-
eoffer's amendment, arid it was rejected; there
being, on a division—ayes 10, noes not counted.
Mr. COBB. I desire now to test the sense of
the committee in relation to the time which the
settfer shall occupy the land before he obtains a
patent. As the bill now stands, the time is four
years. I move to strike out "four" and insert
"five" in lieu thereof, so as to make this bill con-
foira to the homestead bill.
Mr. DISNEY. I would suggest to the com-
mittee that four years is the time provided for by
the law m relation to Oregon; and why make a
difference between the Temtories? I say again,
for the ?ixth time, that there are more induce-
ments for emigration to Oregon than there are to
New Mexico; arid if you impose more stringent
regulations and conditions on emigrants to New
Mexico, you diminish stdl further the induce-
ments to emigrate to that Territory. The whoie
tendency of this policy is hostile to the interests
of New Mexico.
Mr. COBB. I believe the gentleman has been
occupying my five minutes; but I do not want to
make a speech.
Mr. BISSELL. I desire to say a few words
upon this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted upon
it.
Mr. BISSELL. The time of the gentleman
from Ohio has not expired; and, with his permis-
sion, I will occupy the remainder of it.
I desire to say that a distinction is to be drawn
between this case and that of the homestead bill.
In the case of the homestead bill, you were
making a voluntary donation to men, for no other
purpose but their own benefit. But in this case,
we should hold outinduoements to men toemigrate
£o the frontier. We want them for our purposes,
and, therefore, I do not think that we ought to
impose such severe terms as we do upon those
who receive land as a gratuity, from whom we re-
ceive no gam except the general wealth and pros-
perity of the country, which is promoted in con-
sequence thereof.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cobb's
amendment; and it was rejected.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.,
Giddixgs.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. It is probably known to
every member of the committee, that there is a
class of Indians partially civilized in this Terri-
tory living in fixed habitations, and following the
peaceful occupation of agriculture. While they
were under Mexican authority, they were recog-
nized as a part of the population of Mexico. Un-
der these circumstances, it would be unjust and
cruel to give to white people the lands which these
Indians have resided upon and cultivated for
years. I say nothing about their being citizens,
but I say that they should be entitled to the bene-
fits of this act, as I have provided in the amend-
ment which 1 have submitted, vthtch seems tome
to be most just and proper in every sense of the
word. While we are sitting here as legislators
we ought not to allow white men to go on there
and drive off the present occupants of the sod.
We ought to give to them the privilege of holding
the lands which they now occupy, inasmuch as
they are engaged in the peaceful and permanent
occupation of agriculture. We should do every-
thing in our power to civilize and enlighten them.
I hope that the amendment which I have offered
will receive the support of the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, as well as theunan-
amous concurrence of the committee.
Mr. ORR. I cannot see the necessity for adopt-
ing the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Giddings.] The class of Indians to whom
the gentleman refers are the Pueblo Indians, who
already have in their possession a large tract of
land, more than they can cultivate. They hold it,
at the present time, by grant from the Mexican
Government, and originally from the Spanish
Government. Their title to this land is good and
indefeasible; but there is moreof it than their uses
for agricultural purposes demand. I see, therefore,
no possible necessity fortheadoptionof the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Giddjkgs ]
The question was then taken upon Mr. Gid-
dings's amendment; and it was rejected,
The third section was then read.
Mr. DISNEY. I propose to amend the third
section, just read, by inserting, between the words
"of"and ''settlement," in the first and second
lines, the word "the," and sinking out the woid
"as," m the second line, so ae to make it read,
"That a proof of the settlement and cultivation
required by the act," &c.
The question was put; and the amendment was
adopted.
The fourth, fifth, and sixth sections of the bill
were then reported by the Clerk.
The sixth section was read, as follows:
Skc. 6. Jlvd be it further enacted, That when the lands
hi Territory .«hatl be surveyed a* aforcMtid, a quantity
ot land equal to two town-hips! fhall be, and the kudo is
hereby, loerved foi (he establishment of a university in said
Territory, and m t1u  St.iu* h 're«iftei to be ereated outof the
same, to be selected, umiei the direction of the Legislature,
id legal >uhdiviHoii:  ot not lt-s-i than one halt m-cUoii, and
to be disposed ot us said l>e«it*!aiuie shall dneet.
Mr. HENN. I move to amend the sixth sec-
tion by striking out the words "and to be disposed
of as said Legislature shall direct."
In this section, Mr. Chairman, a quantity of
land equal to two townships is reserved for the use
of a university, and the latter portion of the sec-
tion provides that the Territorial Legislature shall
dispose of it. I think that that line ought to be
stricken out. I am sure it was not intended to give
such power to the Territorial Legislature.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Iowa
proposes to amend the sixth section, which has
been passed over. If there is no objection, the
Chair will entertain the motion.
Mr. DISNEY. There is no objection to that.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was adopted.
The Clerk then read the remaining sections of
the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. There being no further
amendments, the bill will be laid aside to be re-
ported to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. Bill No. 294, for the pay-
ment of the civil officers employed in the Territory
of New Mexico, while under military government,
was yesterday informally laid aside
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. Will it be in order to
move that the bill be further informally laid
aside?
The CHAIRMAN. It will.
Mr. LANE. Then I make that motion.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
The next bill which came up for consideration
was House bill No. 316, entitled " A bill to
amend the act approved September 27, 1852, to
create the office of surveyor general of the public
lands in Oregon, &c., and also the act amendatory
thereof, approved February 19, 1853."
The CHAIRMAN. There being no objection,
the first reading of the bill will be dispensed
with, and the bill will be read, and considered by
sections.
The first and second sections of the bill were
then read.
The second section is as follows:
Sf.c. 2. Jlnd he it fuifhcr cnaded, That the proviso to
the fourth section of  he act of twenty-seventh September,
eighteen hundred and fifty, above mentioned, bv whieh all
contracts lor the sale of Sands- claimed under that law, be-
fore the i^ne of the patent-* therelbr, are declared void,
f-hall be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. COBB. I am going to offer an amend-
ment to this section; and in doing so, I shall run
against a " sawyer," I suppose.
; In the first place, I will call the attention of the
committee to the original act which this section
proposes to repeal.
The original act is, in part, as follows:
11 ProvidedJttrthcr, That all future, contracts by any per-
son or persons entitled to the benefits of this act, for the
sale of the land to which he or they may be entitled under
this act, before he or they sshall receive a patent therefor,
sshall be void.'5
This section of the bill proposes to annul that
proviso. We first gave them six hundred and
forty acres, which they have sold in whole or in
part, made speculations thereby, and nowaskthat
their contracts may be confirmed.
I move to strike out that section entirely; and
if the gentleman from Oregon can satisfy the
House of the necessity of the change in the ex-
isting law, they will, of course, sustain him, and
refuse to strike the section out. I think, however,
that it is at least susceptible of proof, according
to the construction which 1 put upon it, that this
change will open the doors for some magnificent
speculations in these lands.
If I understand it, you have by a previous
law provided for donating six hundred and forty
acres to every actual settler who is a married
man, provided he shall live upon it and cultivate
it lor a ceitam number of years. Now, many of
these settlers have disposed of their lands without
complying with the condition imposed upon them,
in uider to secure their patent for them; and now
they come forward and ask us, and it is proposed
by this second section, to repeal these conditions
altogether, and make these sales, which have been
made in violation of law, valid. But I do not
desire to detain the committee upon the subject.
If the gentleman from Oregon can satisfy them
that this should be done, of course they will refuse
to strike out this section; but if they agree with
me that it is better to insist upon fulfilling the
conditions of the law, and shutting out these spec-
ulations, they will strike out the section and allow
the law in this respect to remain as it is. I ask
that the section may be read.
It was read as inserted above.
Mr. LANE. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
from Alabama, it seems to me, has made out a
case to suit his own convenience.
Mr. COBB. Pretty near.
Mr. LANE. And has come to his own con-
clusions. He states that in Oregon men have
received, under the law, donations of six hundred
and forty acres of land, and have sold out por-
tions of their claims without perfecting their titles.
Mr. COBB. I took it for granted that it was
so.
Mr. LANE. And now ask Congress to con-
firm their claims. Now, I will say to this commit-
tee that there is no single case in the Territory,
where a man claiming land, under the donation
law, has sold out his claim, or any portion of it,
unless it may be town sites; and the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office has recently de-
cided that all town sitesareincluded under the pro-
visions of the law of 1844, and do not come under
the provisions of the donation law. But, aside
from these town sites, I will undertake to say that
there has not been a single claim, taken under the
donation law, sold.
Mr. COBB. Then where is the necessity of
making the change5
Mr. LANE. I will tell the gentleman what is
the necessity: The act of Congress donating lands
to actual settlers provides that all American citi-
zens residing in .Oregon, and such foreigners as
should declare their intentions to become citizens,
who had taken a claim, occupied and cultivated it
for four consecutive years, should, if a married
man, be entitled to six hundred and forty acres
of land; if a single man, to three hundred and
twenty acres; and such others as should take a
claim previous to December, 1851, should be en-
titled to the same quantity upon the same terms,
of occupation and cultivation for four years.
Now, Mr. Chairman, many persons were en-
tilled to their patents as soon as the time this
law passed, by virtue of four years' occupation
and cultivation; and many others, who had taken
claims one, two, and three years previous to the
passage of the law, have complied with its require-
ments, and are entitled to their patents. But no
patents have issued; consequently, they have not
enjoyed the right to sell their claims, or any por-
tion thereof. The repeal of this proviso would
enable them to sell—a right they ought to have.
