1934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
Treasury is hereby authorized to use such part of said sum
for tbe purchase of a site for a marine hospital at said place
its he may deem expedient.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.HAMLIN. I haveno further amendment;
buttty colleague on the committee, the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] has one more.
The 'PRESIDING OFFICER^ The Chair
will suggest, before that amendment is of||red,
that the question should be taken on an amend-
ment which was moved by the Committee on the
Library, which is to insertat the end of the appro-
priations for the library of Congress, the follow-
ing:
To enable tbe Joint Committee on the Library of Con-
gress to replace the seventh volumes, and atlas of the Ex-
ploring Expedition, destroyed by the burning of the library,
and the plates and other property destroyed by fire in Phil-
adelphia, including binding, $9,002 75.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to offer an amendment to this
bill to provide for life-boats upon Lake Michigan.
A memorial was presented to the Secretary of the
Treasury, and by him referred to the Committee
on Commerce, asking an appropriation for this
purpose. I shall not detain the Senate by stating
now, what I presume every Senator knows, in
respect to the loss of life and propeity on that
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest that this
ought to go into the light-house bill. I understand
it is for light-boats.
Mr. STUART. No, sir, life-boats, surf-boats.
It is probably known to everybody that the loss
of life and property is probably greater on that
Jake—for the want of things of this sort—than on
any other equal amount of coast in the United
States, from peculiar causes connected with the
direction of the wind, and the range of the lake.
It is not a case of occasional occurrence; but it
occurs annually,and I may add, occurs frightfully.
They ask for the construction of some twenty-five
boats, to he located at the places which are indi-
cated in the amendment. Upon consulting with
the Secretary of the Treasury, I find that to pur-
chase the boats ancf put them at the points where
they are to be used, will cost about $500 a piece,
so that the appropriation will only amount to
§12,500, which will put the people of that lake in
a condition to save not only an immense amount
of property, but to prevent a frightful loss of life
whicji occurs every year. The amendment is to
insert:
For the purchase "^metallic surf-boats to rescue lives
and property,$12,500; to be located at each of the following
points, lo wit:
On the ea^t side of Lake Michigan, at Michigan City,
one, New Buffalo one, St. Joseph one, Kalamazoo one,
Mnnmstee one, Grand River one, Muskegon one, White
Hiver one, Pier Marquette one, and South Black River
one; and on the west snfe of Lake Michigan, at (,'hicago,
two, at KenoMmorie, atMilwaukieorie, at Sheboygan one,
at Death'sDoor one, aiTvvo Rivers one, at Manitowoc one,
Waukegan one, Racine one, Port Washington one, Wash-
ington harbor one, South Manitou island one, fcalley'a
harbor one, and at Calumet one ; to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of Hie Treasury, who shall al o
adopt <5uch measures as shall be necessary for the prcwerva-
ion of such boats.
Mr. RUSK. I regard this as one of the most
meritorious amendments which has been offered.
We have supplied these life-boats on the Atlantic
coast, and made liberal appropriations for them.
I think it is nothing but just and right to provide
for them on Lake Michigan.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say that all the
points designated along the Atlantic coast at this
time are such as have been designated, after sur-
vey, by the Treasury Department. The amend-
ment proposes to designate certainly the points.
Probably they are the best points; but I think it
would be better to add, at the end of the points
named, the words " or at such points as shall be
designated by the Secretary of the Treasury."
Mr. STUART. I have no objection to that.
The amendment, as thus modified, was agreed
to- ,
Mr. SLIDELL. I perceive that, according to
the phraseology of an amendment which has
been adopted^, on the motion of the Committee on
Finance, as to a boarding station at the southwest
pass of the Mississippi, exclusive jurisdiction is
required to be ceded by the State of Louisiana.
That clearly was not ihe intention of the Com-
mittee, and I therefore move to strike out the
words " /b.e consent of l&e Legislature of Lou-
isiana obtained to said purchase," and insert in
lieu of them " the release of such land from tax-
ation or assessment of any kind," so as to re-
?[uire the Legislature to consent to release the land
rom taxation and assessment.
Mr. HUNTER. There is no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 have now a few amend-
ments to offer from the Committee on Finance.
The first is to correct a clerical error m the appro-
priation for lighting the President's House, and
Capitol, and the public grounds " around the Ex-
ecutive offices on Pennsylvania avenue." I move
to strike out the word " ore " and insert " and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have another amendment
in the appropriation for salaries of the officers of
the Mint: to insert after " assistant assayer" the
words " assistant melter and refiner;" and to in-
crease the appropriation from §23,400 to $24,900.
This is according to a subsequent estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have another smalf amend-
ment to offer: to insert at the end of the appropri-
ations for the Indian office the following:
Tor fuel and liglua, and necessary fixtures for warming"
and lighting the rooms occupied by the office of Indian Af-
fairs, ^1,616.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLAYTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to move an amend-
ment to provide for the compensation of the ser-
vices of William Hunter, commissioned to act as
Secretary of State in the absence and sickness of
Mr. Webster. Only the sum of §1,500 is proposed
to be appropriated to pay that gentleman for act-
ing as Secretary of State. I will briefly state that
the act of 1792 authorized the President of the
United States to commission the person who was
commissioned in this case to perform temporarily
the duties of the Secretary of State under such
circumstances. Among the papers which were
sent to the committee were the commissions of
the President to William Hunter to act as Secre-
tary during the absence of Mr. Webster. Some
years ago it was customary to pay compensation
for services of this description without applying
to Congress for a special act. I have before me a
number of cases of that sort, but I will not cite
them unless the position is controverted.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 only ask the judgment of
the Chair as to whether the rule does not exclude
the amendment. If the rule does not exclude it,
I have nothing to say.
Mr. CL A * TON. Of course this case is within
the rule, because it is to carry out an existing law.
It is to carry out the act of 1792, and on that
ground the Senator will see at once that it is not
liable to the objection.
The PRESIDINGOFFlCB&t. TheChairhas
very great doubts whether this amendment can be
received under the rules of the Senate.
Mr. CLAYTON". It is to pay for services
directed to be performed by the act of 1792. This
is an appropriation to carry out that act; and if
tbe Chair will look at the rule, he will see that an
appropriation for the purpose of carrying out an
existing law is excepted from theobjections which
are made to amendments of this description.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the rule to be that amendments pro-
posing additional appropriations must be for the
purpose of carrying out an existing law or treaty,
or moved by the direction of a standing or select
committee of the Senate, or in pursuance of a
recommendation from the head of a Department;
but no amendment can be moved in any of these
cases for the purpose of allowing or discharging
a private claim.
Mr. CLAYTON. This is not, I think, a pri-
vate claim. It is to pay a salary for performing
services which have been directed by a former
law. It is therefore exempted from the operation
of the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER._ The Chair is
satisfied that it is not a private claim, but that it
is admissible under the rule.
Mr. CLAYTON. ^Now, sir, I will proceed to
state that formerly compensation for services of
this description was paid out of the Treasury,
without coming to Congress for a special act. I
hold in my hand an account of the receipts and
expenditures for 1815; and whoever will take the
pains to refer to them, will see a numberof cases,
I will refer briefly to but one or two of them
show the justice of this claim, and to prove that
it is such a one as has been commonly paid with-
out even appropriation by Congress.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand the Chair to
decide the amendment to be in order. The only
objection I raised was the point of ortJer. I did
not object to the merits of the amendment.
Mr. CLAYTON. Then there is no objection5.
The claim is a plain one, and I have nothing to
say. The amendment is to insert, after She ap-
propriation for extra clerk hire of the State
Department, the following:
For services of William Hunter, commissioned as act-
ing Secretary of State during the absence of Secretary
Webster, for services as such acting Secretary in 11351,
18^2, and 1853, §1,500.
Mr. W ELLER. I move to amend that amend-
ment by adding the proposition which I hold in?
my hand. It makes provision for similar services*
rendered by the present Secretary of the Senate,
The Senate will see at once that it is based pre-
cisely on the same grounds. It is to add:
For paying to Anbury Dickins the difference between the
•ompensation of head of a Department and chief clerk of
^Department, for the time lie aetedas Secretary of State or
ecretary ot the Treasury, by an appointment of General
Jackson, to be ascertained by the proper accounting offi-
cers, a sum not exceeding $2,500.
Mr. CLAYTON* I have no objection to that.
It is perfectly just, and 1 accept it as part of my
amendment.
The amendment, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have another amendment,
to carry out an existing law, which has passed at
this session. I am authorized to report it by the
Committee on Retrenchment. It will be recol-
lected that when the bill providing compensation
for the clerks in the different Departments was
under consideration, 1 put to the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Adams,] who is
chairman of that committee, the question whether
the bill, as it stood, made provision for the clerks
in the State Department, as it did for the clerks
in the other Departments. I held at the time in
my hand an amendment which I intended to offer,
in case there was any doubt about it. He replied
that there was no doubt that the committee had
considered the subject, and they intended that the
clerks in the State Department should be placed
on precisely the same foundation with the others.
For that reason I did not press the amendment.
I thought with him, upon examining the bill, that
the provision was clear, and that all the clerks
would be paid alike. But after the law was passed
at this session, a difference of opinion aroseat the
other end of the avenue about it. The Attorney
General gave an opinion that the clerks in the
State Department were entitled as the clerk-* in
the other Departments were. That, howe\er,
was not the opinion of the very able gentleman
who is the First Comptroller of theTrea««ury; and
the end of it was, that though these clerks were in-
tended, and it was so expressly stated at the time
of the passage of the bill, to be placed upon the
same footing as the others, they are not so in
fact. Now, I want to carry out what we all sup-
posed and knew were the provisions of that act.
I want the Senator from Virginia to understand
distinctly the ground on which I put this amend-
ment. It is to carry out the provisions of an ex-
isting law. I propose to carry out the provisions
of a law passed at this session, as he knows. It
is to provide for paying the clerks in the State
Department the same compensation as is paid to
others, for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June
last.
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to that, I would
say that it would hardly be proper to go back for
the purpose of making up back pay to these
clerks, it would be difficult to do it. Some of
the clerks in the State Department get more than
any in the new classification, others get less. T^ie
reason they were excluded was, thatat the time of
the former classification, Mr. Webster, as Secre-
tary of State, addressed a letter to the Committee
on Finance, requesting that his clerks should not
be included in the classification. Sincethen, the
present Secretary has asked that they shall be
brought in, and accordingly they have been
brought in agreeably to his estimate and recom-
mendation. That is as much as we can do. We
cannot go back for the purpose of equalizing.
