1076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May S,
Now, sir, on account of the difficulty of obtaining
accurate surveys, and from other causes, there are
many, who have been in possession and occu-
pancy of their claims ever since, and long before,
the passage of this law, who have not yet received
their patents.
Mr. COBB. Then they are entitled to their
patents, and can recover them.
Mr. LANE. No, sir, they cannot. But I was
proceeding to say, that these patents have not
been issued, and these people have not come into
legal possession of their lands; and would you
have them compelled to wait for twenty years be-
fore they shall have the right to dispose of any
portion of their claims ?
Sir, the object of these donations was to induce
people to settle upon these lands, to increase the
population, and develop the resources of the Ter-
ritory. Under the provisions of this law the
country has been taken up in six hundred and
forty acre claims; the law has been complied with,
and on account of this odious piovision, the set-
tlers are deprived of the privilege of selling, greatly
to the detriment of the good citizens, anil incon-
venience of schools, owing to the consequent
spnrseness of the settlements, which sparseness
necessarily destroy:* facilities for sending their
children to school. As it is, the schooling of chil-
dren in Oregon in very expensive
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 want to know
whether the gentleman's complaint is tiiat we have
granted too much land ? Cannot we diminish the
amount?
Mr. LANK. Too much land lias been granted;
but no power can now change the grant. We
desire that the privilege shull be extended to sella
portion of it. Strike out that section of the bill,
and you destroy the bill itself. The people of
Oregon ask it, and they.it will be admitted on
alt hands, are an intelligent people.
Mr. COBB. Theie is no doubt about that.
Mr. LANK. They know their interest.
Mr. COBB. Indeed they do very well. (Laugh-
"■u.
LANK. Repeal the proviso,and let them
sell a portion of their claim. They have perfected
their rights. They have lived there for the lime
requited by the law. Why rdiall they not have
the ri^hl to ::ell a portion of their chum^
Mr. ('ORB. The answer to a single question
will satisfy ute. Will not the provision contended
for, apply to an individual who lived there only
two years
Mr. LANK. It will apply to nil.
Mr. COBB. I have no objection to an amend-
ment ofthe section so that the application shall be
alone to those who ha \e 11veil thei e until the patent
i.ssnes. But, as at present, it, will apply to those
who have lived there one year and sold their land;
it will apply those who have been there onlv
nix month::, three months, even for one day.
Mr. LA N K. A ny man who takes a claim umlei
the donation law of Oregon is debarred from taking
another. If he cannot occupy it, in God's name
let somebody else. There is no sensible man
who has lived in Oregon for twelve months,
who will live in any other part of the Republic,.
(Laughter.) We partieuhn !y desire this section,
not. for the purpose of speculation, ir, giants
ihiee hundred and twenty aires of land to eveiy
married man - one half to himself, and the other
half to his wife. I fe cannot, thank God, under
thiy provision, sell hi" wife's half of his claim,
ff he wants to sell, he can sell Ins own one hun
dred and Pixly acres to any individual, and he
will, pel haps, sell his !ai§d to an individual who
will cultivate it bet[ri than he would. The pro-
vision was a Wise one; and but for the eunend-
ments MUTeeding in the New Mexican bill, 1
should have moved t<> amend that bill so as to
make it conform to our law, w/: to grant half of
theiiaim lojhewife. In thai way I expect to
have a home. My wife isthe better half. [Laugh-
ter.] She will not sell her claim, and } would be
likely to give mine to any good man who will come
and be my neighbor. Su< h a man will always be
welcome to it. Nhe would be, probably, more
tenacious of hers.
There is nothing in this section which is wrong.
It is right; and I hope that the committee will
not allow the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb]
to leguiato our interests in Oregon. ! have great
vef-peet for him; and it is painful for me to oppose
anything he wishes When his views conflict
with our interests, I must be excused from acting
with him.
Mr. COBB. It is exceedingly painful for me
to oppose anything the gentleman asks. I voted
for the extra mileage.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to offer an
amendment to the section?
The CHAIRMAN. It is. The question now
pending is the motion to strike out the second sec-
tion.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to insert the words
" for town sites," after the word land, in the fourth
hue, so that the section will read as follows:
Sec. 2. *flnd t>e it juither enacted, That the piovis-o to
the tourth section of the act of 27th September, 1800, abo\e
mentioned, hv winch all contiaet*- for the sale ot lands! for
town sites, claimed under that law, before the ix-^ue ofthe
patent-, theretoi, are. deelaied void, shall be, and the  ame
i.s hereby, lepealed.
Mr. LANE made a few remarks, but in so low
a tone of voice as to be wholly inaudible to the
reporter.
Mr. LETCHER, Suppose they took a portion
of it before there was a town site there, and were
in possession of it?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would suggest to
my colleague, that it is possible that every town-
ship, or every mile square of land, would be a town
site.
Mr. LRTCHELL Well, sir, the whole diffi-
culty in this case seems to grow out of the exces-
sive liberality of Congress in the fust instance.
Why, they gave so much land to the settlers in
Oregon that they are scattered miles apart; they
cannot, theiefoie, have the benefit of schools and
all the other conveniences that more compact set-
tlements enjoy. Under these circumstances, after
all this liberality has been extended to them, it is
proposed to allow them, not to conform to the lan-
guage of the lav/ as it originally stood, and under
which they received those grants, but to sell it at
speculative prices which they may put upon the
land. Now, I think as they made a bargain with
the Government, as they took the land upon cer-
tain stipulations and conditions, they ought to be
required to fulfill the terms of the bond. If they
have come heie and asked too much, more than
it is convenient for them to use, instead of being
authorized to sell it, I think it would be more lib-
eral and just for them to give it hack to the Gov
eminent. That is my idea about it. If they have
got more land than they can use; if the Govern-
ment has been prodigal in giving it away to them,
and they cannot now use what they have got and
are required to dispose of it, let them return it to
the hands of the generous donor rathei than put
it. in the market, and pocket the money derived
from the sale.
And not only that, sir, but these may be a sys-
tem of underselling resorted to by these indi-
viduals for thepurpose of forciugsettlement. The
land has cost them nothing; and they can, there-
fore, well all'ord to sell it, for fifty, or seventy-five
cents, or for a dollar an acre; and, by this com-
petition with the Government, they may stop the
sales of the public lands altogether. By repealing
this proviso, you would enable them to do this,
and to reap the profits of the sale, after the Gov-
ernment has generously given them more than
they ought toWve had.
Mr. BhSSKLL. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia, and 1 am in
favor of the second section of the bill, as it stands,
and, I think, not without good reason. I believe
th is Oregon land law was passed in 1344, was it not?
Mr. LANK, of Oregon. No, sir; the law was*
passed in l^oO.
Mr. B1SSKLL. The object was to induceemi-
grants to go to Oregon. It was thought that a
less inducement than six hundred and forty acres
would not be likely to tempt men to go out there
with their families. But, sir, the simple promise
that, on getting out there, they should be entitled
to six hundred and forty acres of land did induce
a great many men, and a great many families, to
go out to Oregon. Well, they got there. That
was all you wanted. You wanted that remote
Territoiy to be settled up, as fast as it could be
done with propriety and convenience to the Gov-
ernment and to the citizens. You ha\e seemed
that object, so far as it has gone. Those emi-
grants who went out under (he inducement thus
held up to (hem aie not going to return. They
say, " We have got out here, and here we are,
ready to defend the Territory, and to perform all
our duties as citizens. But some of us have re-
ceived more land, under the law under which we
settled here, than we can conveniently or profitably
make use of. We ask permission, therefore, to
sell that surplus land to our old neighbors and
friends who have come out, and who would pre-
fer to pay us something for it rather than go into
some remote settlement and take your land for
i nothing,"
; Now, I should like to know what the Govern-
j merit will lose by complying with that request. I
! should like to know whether there is any mode
by which the Government would be a loser in
complying with this request. You grant six hun-
| dred and forty acres of land, but with astipulation
that the man shall occupy it for a certain length of
I time. What is the reason for making this restric-
| tion? Who gains anything by it? The settler
; does not, of course. He is presumed to know his
' own business best. The Territory will not gain
anything in any conceivable way, for it is no
advantage to the Territory of Oregon any more
, than to the General Government, for a man with
! no hand but his own to work his land, to be
; compelled to keep the six hundred and forty
! acres, merely because the law of 1850 declares
that the settler must occupy the land himself for
four years, without the privilege of selling or
mortgaging any portion of it to any one else.
The gentleman from Virginia [FvTr. Letcher]
! says, if these settlers have more land than they
j want, let them give it back to the General Gov-
1 eminent. Not at all. They have no more land
I than they want. But they say that they have
I more than they can cultivate with profit, because
their grown up sons, perhaps, have left them, and
they are compelled to hire hands to work their
lands. If they were permitted to sell a putt of
their lands, settlements would in consequence ex-
tend rapidly, schools would multiply, and they
would be enabled to devote their surplus means to
1 improving their condition in every respect. Thus
; all parties would be gieatly benefited. Cut be-
cause it was nominated in the bond that they
should not be permitted to sell any portion of their
I lands, it is argued, therefore, that we should hold
them to it, although benefit inures to nobody by it.
You say they agreed to occupy the lands for
a certain length of time. Virtually, I grant you
1 they did. You desired to have your remote Ter-
ritory filled up with hardy settlers. You passed
| a law providing that those who should go to that
! remote Territory, and remain upon the land four
j yeais, should be entitled to six hundred and forty
; acres. Those emigrants have gone there with
: their families and settled, but tell you that they
can make no profitable use of their lands. They
have no more land than they want, but they desire
i to have the privilege of disposing of a portion of
| it to improve the other portion, and to enable
; them to build mills, school houses, anil churches,
i and m other respects to improve their condition.
, They desire to possess the means of educating
, their children.
1 Mr. LETCHER. If they can sell their landn
for the purpose of buying horses, wagons, furni-
ture, and various other things, I would ask the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Risslll] if he will
maintain that Congress can make a direct appro-
i priatton to supply them with these things ?
Mr.BISSKLL. Certainly not; but the Govern-
ment has dispossessed itself of the lands, and cannot
get them back again. I should like to know by
what process the gentleman would have the Gov-
ernment reclaim the lands again. The Govern-
| ment, to be sure, can refuse to sanction the policy
1 of their selling any portion of this land. What
then J The land does not return to the Govern-
ment, but the ownership remains still in the hands
1 of thoseto whom the lands were originally guuited.
Mr. LETCHER. Suppose these persons sell
out and return to the United States.
Mr. BISSELL. Well, sir, they can do it, I
grant; but it is so improbable ti thing, and the
! instances of it are so rare, that the matter does not
deserve to be taken into account, 1 hold, in legis-
lating on this?great subject. I cannot believe that
men will be found to go out to Oregon with their
families for the sake of six hundred and forty
acres of land, and then on their being permitted to
sell out—after having lived there two oi three years
—to turn light about, dispose of their land at the
j price which land is worth there, and come back
