1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1077
again. But even though there might be an instance
of the kind, still the purchaser would occupy the
place of the original owner.
Mr. LANE. In addition to the excellent re-
marks made by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Bissell,] I will say to my friend from Virginia,
[Mr. Letcher,] that it is the best thing for the
Government and Treasury of the United States—
if they want to make money out of the land lying in
Oregon—to allow the claimant to sell a portion of
hie claim. At this time, Mr. Chairman, a mar-
ried man is entitled to three hundred and twenty
acres of land. AH who have emigrated to the
Territory since 1851 are entitled to this privilege.
If the claimant has taken a claim, and sells the
half of it to an emigrant, he thereby prevents that
man from going and taking three hundred and
twenty acres for himself. If the claimant divides
with the emigrant who comes in, the emigrant re-
mains there, and the Government is saved from
losing three hundred and twenty acres of land,
worth perhaps, if brought into market, from five
to ten dollars an acre. Now, if this bill prohibits
selling a portion of these claims, the emigrant
goes and takes a claim for himself, and the Gov-
ernment loses that quantity of land by it. This
would not, as has been stated, be encouraging
speculation. -Do gentlemen imagine that,because
land is granted by the Government, it shall al-
ways remain in the hands of the person to whom
it is granted? Certainly no such thing can be
claimed. And if you do not let the claimant sell
forty, or fifty, or a hundred acres of his land, the
emigrant will go and take his three hundred and
twenty acres, and the Government will have lost
that much by this unwise restriction.
And again, let me say to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] that no man will return
from Oregon Territory who has taken a claim in
this way. He will not find one out of ten thou-
sand to do it. In the first place it breaks up a
man to get there—1 do not care much what he
may have been worth. If he were worth five
or ten thousand dollars at the time he starts
from Missouri, after purchasing his teams and
wagons, and everything necessary to make his
family comfortable, he has, by the time he arrives
at Oregon Territory, expended the whole of it.
Perhaps he has not a dollar left. And thus he has
paid more than ten dollars an acre for the land
you give him. And because your law has given
him more than he wanfs, or more than is neces-
sary for his agricultural purposes, do you say
that he shall not sell a part of it to the emigrant
who follows him, and that the latter shall have to
go and take twice as much land as he wants, or
as he otherwise would? Is there any common
sense in that proposition? Is there any good
policy in it? Is there anything m it that is worth
the consideration of my excellent friend from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Letcher?] 1 know his good sense.
I like his principles. I appreciate his opinions;
for, in most instances, they are right; but I think
he has taken a wrong view of this matter.
Let me remind the gentleman again that the
man who has taken three hundred and twenty
acres of land will reconcile his neighbor who
comes to it to settle on the half of that claim.
He will do it that he may make sale of this moie-
ty of his land, and by so doing he will save to
the Government three hundred and twenty acres
of land.
Now, it seems to me that it would be in every
respect wise and politic to allow the settler so to
dispose of his land. And I appeal to my friend
from Virginia to let that principle in the bill
stand unimpaired, and so allow the Government
to hold as much unoccupied land, when it comes
into the market, as possible.
If you allow the emigrants who go there to set-
tle upon smaller portions of the territory—as you
can do by removing this restriction, and permit-
ting them to purchase lands of those who have
gone before them and availed themselves of the ;
benefits ofthe act donating the land—theTerritory j
will become more densely settled. But if you j
refuse them this, and compel them to take up i
claims of three hundred and twenty acres, the ;
population will be scattered all over the country. ]
Thus, with the same population merely, theGov- j
ernment of the United States will lose a large I
amount of money, as has been the effect already. j
I do not think it necessary that I should say j
anything more upon this subject. I think my I
friend from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] must be sat-
isfied that it would be wrong to strike out this
second section, and thereby leave the original
restriction upon the settlers upon these lands in
full force.
I wish to say one word further to my friend
from Virginia in reference to these town sites,
and then 1 will yield the floor.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office
decided that all town sites in theTerritory of Ore-
gon are subject to the provisions of the law of
1844; that they were not the subject of donation
under the act of Congress, and that a claim can
only betaken up, under the provisions of the law,
for agricultural purposes, and not for purposes of
trade and speculation in them, as town sites. I
was not satisfied with that decision, for we had
many tuwn and village sites all over theTerritory
of Oregon, and I took an appeal from the decision
to the Secretary of the Interior, and he lias con-
firmed it. Why now pass any law to conflict
with that decision? I hope the gentleman will
not insist upon his amendment.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to say a word in refer-
ence to this matter of town sites by way of expla-
nation, suggested by the question which was put
by the gentleman from Virginia a few moments
ago. It seems to be supposed, by gentlemen who
have not made an examination of this matter, that
the term "town sites" applies to those particular
tracts of land upon which towns may be built—
that is which are favorable for that purpose.
"Town sites" means lands upon which towns
are actually standing.
Mr. LETCHER. That is what 1 understand
by it.
Mr. DISNEY. So 1 presumed; but I referred
to another gentleman from Virginia, who, with
his friends, suppose that it means tracts favorable
for the location of towns. This is not so. By
the act of 1844, it is provided that when towns, as
such, are located in whole or in part upon the pub-
lic lands, the corporate authorities of such towns
have a right to enter the lands, by the payment
of 50 p"er acre, in trust for the respective occu-
pants of it. In other words, the practical effect
and operation of the law of 1844, is to allow pre-
emption right to particular owners of town sites
where they are located upon the public lands—
that is, to each respective owner. Hence the
provisions of this bill, and the provisions of the
act of 1850. And the decision, which has been
referred to by the gentleman from Oregon, [Mr.
Lane,] recently made by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, and confirmed by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, is the law which applies to
the case.
We have properly provided that the donation
privilege provided for in the act of 1850 shall not
extend to those town sites. By that decision a
claim is defeated which might be set up by an
individual, and which might embrace a whole
village. All claims of that sort are defeated, and
each individual occupying such lands has a pre-
emptive right to the particular land which he may
hold. Now, sir, with regard to the provisions of
this section, the whole subject lies in a nut-shell.
The whole object of the Government in making
these provisions originally was to induce emigra-
tion to the Territory of Oregon, for the promotion
of which emigration six hundred and forty acres
of land were to be granted to him upon his arrival
there. Relying upon the promise of the Govern-
ment, the emigrant went there, settled upon the
lands, cultivated them for the time required, and
performed the conditions prescribed by the Gov-
ernment as necessary to the issuance of a patent
giving him full possession. i
Now, sir, in the case of this individual, the ob- I
jeel of the Government has been accomplished.
The purpose of the Government was to induce
the individual to increase the population of the
Territory of Oregon to the extent of one person.
The condition imposed was for the purpose of
more effectually accomplishing that object; and
now that he has settled there, and cultivated the
land for the time specified in the grant, as these
settlers have in perhaps a majority of cases, I say
the purpose of the Government is accomplished;
but owing to the incompleteness of the surveys,
and other circumstances, the patent has not issued,
and the occupant has not legal title to the lands.
Mr. Chairman, under these circumstances, these
settlers come here and ask that if they cannot have
their patents issued to them, by which they might
come into full possession of the land that you
will at lest give them the right to sell or dispose
of their claim to it, and not deprive them of the
rights which they would otherwise enjoy tinder
i the general laws of the country. This restriction
! denies to them the power of exercising that right,
: and they ask that you will remove it. That is all
I this section proposes to accomplish. There are,
without doubt, other cases where the parties have
not fulfilled the conditions of. the donation; where
they have not cultivated the land for four years;
but in these cases, as in the others, 1 maintain
that the purpose of the Government has been
accomplished. They have increased the popula-
tion of the Territory by going there and becom-
ing citizens. The Government, by promising
them six hundred and forty acres of land, has
induced them to emigrate there; and so long as
they remain, the Government loses nothing by
removing the restriction. Suppose the party does
sell a portion of his grant, and it inures to his
advantage, what does the Government lose by it ?
A question which was properly and forcibly put
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell.]
Does the grant suffer any injury by it? Does any
one suffer by it? Will it not contribute to settle
the country more rapidly and more densely? Has
not the Government received a full compensation
for the land by the settler becoming a citizen of
the Territory?
But suppose the extraordinary case put by the'
gentleman from Alabama should occur, and the
settler should sell out his entire claim for the pur-
poseof speculation. If he does not leave the Ter-
ritory, the Government loses nothing; and if the
individual is benefited by the operation, what
injury is it to the Government? Why, then,
should this barrier be interposed to prevent the
settler from coming into the possession of his land ?
I can see none. No gentleman has, and I do not
believe any one can, point out any advantage that
the Government will derive from continuing-this
restriction.
It may be said, as it has been said, that the
parties interested will reap advantage from its
removal; but it seems to me this is astrange argu-
ment against it, so long as no other party suffers
from it. Suppose a man does dispose of his claim
to his friends and neighbors ! If no objection more
reasonable in its character can be brought to show
why this restriction should be removed, I trust the
section of the bill will not be stricken out. It may
be an objection, if it can be shown that the Gov-
ernment will be injured by it; but in this case it
cannot be shown that any injury inures to the
Government, while advantage inures to the parties
who are in possession.
I said, when I got up, that this affair lies in a
nut-shell, and so iidoes. The Government agreed
to give six hundred and forty acres to each man
who increased the population of Oregon by his
presence. The parties who have gone there have
complied with the conditions. The Government
has attained its object. Thegood which it desired
to accomplish has been secured; and whatever
disposition the people of Oregon may make of
their possessions, thegood desired by the Govern-
ment remains. Certainly, it can be of no sort of
interest to the Government whether the party who
originally located the land should retain it, or a
party purchasing from him should become the
occupant.
But, said the gentleman from Alabama, this
land will fall into the hands of speculators. What
injury results if it does? Why, by the provisions
of the law, the original donee, if he sell or dispose
of his land, is not competent to take another do-
nation. He cannot get another. He has had a
contract with the Government. He has executed
it. He has received his compensation, and ren-
dered the service which the Government desired.
There is an end of the affair; and even if he dis-
poses of the land to speculators who shall not
occupy it—putting the most extreme possible
case—still the party remains there, and he is de-
barred the right of having any other land except
by sale and purchase. The gentleman wished to
ask me a question. What is it?
Mr. COBB. What was the object of the Gov-
ernment when it made the grant, m requiring that
the land should be settled on and cultivated for
four years? When the gentleman answers that
question, I will ask him others.
