1936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26.
i
as it were, by the stress of weather, at the Island
of Mauritius, and they were provided for by our
commercial agent there, but the Department of
State had no means to reimburse him.
Mr. GWIN. There was a precisely similar
casein regard to our Consul at Panama, where
he relieved destitute American citizens.
Mr. MASON. I have another amendment
which will provide for that. Jffc
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I am also instructed, by the
Committee on Foreign Relations, to offer this
amendment, to comeuin after the appropriation for
the relief and protection of American seamen in
foreign countries:
And to enable the diplomatic and consular representa-
tives of the United States in foreign countries to afford
relief, and provide the means of returning home to such
citizens of the United States, m foreign countries, as may
have been reduced to a state of destitution ot the necessities
of life, by shipwreck, or necessary abandonment of the
vessel in which they were embarked; and, also, to such
citizens of the United States, as, being on their way from
one part of the United States to another, have become des-
titute in foreign countries, in consequence of shipwreck,
disease, or any other casualty, $20,01)0.
Mr HUNTER. I should like to hear an ex-
planation of that.
Mr. MASON. 1 gave the explanation a mo-
ment ago, when, I apprehend, my colleague was
not present. I said there was a fund annually ap-
propriated for the relief of destitute American
seamen, but none for the relief of destitute Amer-
ican citizens who are not seamen; and in conse-
quence of the state of things which has arisen from
the immense emigration to California, and the
large emigration of our citizens to A^traha, it
has been found that they are thrown ashore at
various points in a state of destitution, and are
necessary* to be provided for by our commercial i
agents, or by our diplomatic corps, who are with- j
out any fund applicable to such an object. The I
necessity of an appropiiution for this purpose was j
strongly brought to the notice of the Department j
of State in a letter from Mr. Clay, our Minister
at Peru; and this appropriation is recommended
by the State Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I otfer another amendment from
the same committee. It is to insert after the ap-
propriation for clerk to the legation at London:
For salary of a clerk to the United States legation at
Paris, $500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I am also instructed by the
same committee to move the following amend-
ment, to come in after the firat amendment which
I offered:
That the Secretary of the Treasury audit and settle the
accounts of Robert C. Schenck, late Envoy Extraordinary
and Minister Plenipotenti.uy of the United States to Brazil,
and John S. Pendleton, late Uhargtf d'Afiatres of the United
States to the Aigentine Confederation, for additional com-
pensation, and lor expenses ineuned by them in the per-
formance of special services not pertainingto theii respective
missions, and at points distant Irom those to which they
were originally accredited, in compliance with instruction*
fioin the Department ol Slate. In M'tUrny winch accounts
the certificate of the parties shall be regarded as sufficient
evidence as lo the amount of expense incurred, where no
regular voucher can be pioduced. And a compensation
at thu rate of twenty-five dollars per diem shall be allowed
to each of them for the time they were so employed, to be
paid out of any money in the Tieas>ury not otherwise
appiopuated.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking it all out and inserting, as a sub-
stitute, the following:
To pay Robert C. Sebenck, in full compensation for his
services as Envoy Rxtraoidinary and Vlun.ster Plenipoten-
tiary on his special mission to the Oriental Republic of
Uruguay, under instructions from the President of the Uni-
ted Suites, in the year 1859,$-9,000; and to pay him in full
compensation for his services on a like special mis-ion to
the Ari^nnrie Confedeiation in the year 1853, the fuither
sum of $9,000.
1 shu.il ttlso offer an amendment to provide for
Mr. Pendleton, if this shall be adopted. I will
explain the circumstances of the case.
Mr Schenck was our Minister Plenipotentiary
to Rio, and at the time he was there, the British
and French Governments proposed to this Gov-
ernment to unite with them in a commission to
send* Ministers Plenipotentiary to form treaties
with the Argentine Republic and with Uruguay,
in South America. Mr. Fillmore, then President,
comnussjoned Mr. Schenck to these separate
•courts, and directed him to go down some one
thousand or one thousand five hundred miles in
the parformance of this duty. He went there, and
united with the French and English Ministers, and
formed treaties which have been brought to the
Senate and ratified unanimously. Mr. Pendleton,
who was our charge at Buenos Ayres, was associ-
ated with him; and they were made, in fact, Minis-
ters Plenipotentiary to these Powers to negotiate
these treaties, and they went there for the pur-
pose. *
The ordinary practice of the Government in
such cases has been to give an outfit under such
circumstances. My amendment provides the
amount of an outfit to Mr. Schenck, for both the
courts to which he was commissioned, and with
which he made treaties. Mr. Pendleton, who was
a charge also, went to two of these courts, and
1 have an amendment to offer to provide for him
after my present amendment shall be disposed of.
They are not necessarily connected at all. By
looking at the history of the Government from its
foundation down to 1825, it will be seen that such
allowances were uniformly made in cases like
these. A paper was prepared in 1825 by Mr.
Monroe, showing all the cases up to that time.
The uniform plan was to give persons who were
sent on these special missions the amount of an
outfit, or to allow them expenses limited to the
amount of an outfit. In some of the cases, that of [j
Mr. Pinckney, for instance, at Naples, under the
name of expenses, they allowed him an outfit of
$9,000. There are many such cases in point.
There is the case of the treaty of Paris, of 1804.
Three commissioners were sent there to negotiate
that treaty. One of them was our minister resident
at the Hague, and an outfit of $9,000 was allowed
him for going to Pans. Why, sir, at this very
session, the Senate and House of Representatives,
in the deficiency bill, made a similar allowance to
Mr. Kerr, of Maryland, who was sent as charge
to Nicaragua, and commissioned to the 44 national
representation,'5 as I believe they termed it, where
he was not received. After he had drawn his
outfitter the mission to which he was sent, v/e
allowed him the outfit for the other mission to
which he was commissioned. 1 say, therefore,
the rule has been uniform to make these allow-
ances. Sometimes they have been under the
name of expenses, it is true. A very striking in-
stance is the case of Mr. Clay, who was sent a
commissioner to Ghent. Hewassenton two mis-
sions; one to make a treaty of peace with England,
and the other to make a commercial treaty. After
the treaty of peace was concluded, the English de-
clined pursuing the commercial treaty there, and
he went to England. He claimed and obtained
his outfit for that, though he was but a commis-
sioner in both cases. It was decided by Mr.
Wirt, the Attorney General, that he was entitled
to his outfit. That opinion can be found in the
first volume of the Opinions of the Attorneys
General. It was decided that he was entitled to
it as a matter of right. Mr. Murray, who was
minister resident or charge d 'affaires at the
Hague, being sent to Paris as commissioner to
negotiate a treaty, was also allowed $9,OUO, as
appears by the paper to which I have referred,
prepared by Mr. Monroe. In every case in which
the Government transferred ministers resident to
special duties, the allowance was made. All the
cases are collected, and may be found in the reports
of your commissioners. I have reviewed the
whole of them. There are some cases in which
the allowance was made under the name of ex-
penses, but the expenses were fixed precisely at
the amount of an outfit, or approximated very
near to it. It appears, then, that this has been the
practice of the Government.
I can give another instance of it. Mr. Adams,
when appointed commissioner to negotiate the
treaty of Ghent, was Minister to Russia; but he
was ordered to the Hague to take part in that
special treaty, the treaty of peace, and was sub-
sequently transferred as Minister to England. He
claimed his outfit, but it was contested, and the
question was referred to Mr. Wirt, who decided
that he was entitled to it as a matter of right. In
fact, when he was called into the Cabinet of Mr.
Monroe, it was objected that he had public money
in lus possession which did not belong to him.
An investigation was had, and the Attorney Gen-
, eral decided that he was entitled to it by law, and
i he held his place as Secretary of State.
i There are numerous cases in which, wherever
j a minister abroad has been sent to another court
) for a special or general mission, an outfit has been
allowed to him. Mr. Schenck's case comes di-
rectly within the practice of the Government, and
what was decided by Mr. Wirt to be a legal right,
and not a gratuity. I hope, therefore, in his case,
the Senate will not depart from the established
practice.
Mr. MASON. The petition of Mr. Schenck,
on whose behalf the Senator from Georgia offers
a substitute for the amendment of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, was to allow him two out-
fits, in addition to the outfit which he received as
Minister to Brazil.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is my amendment.
Mr. MASON. And that is the amendment
now offered by the Senator from Georgia. The
petition of Mr. Pendleton, who was charge d'af-
faires at Buenos Ayres, was to allow him an outfit
equal to the outfit of a Minister Plenipotentiary,
for the special mission upon which he was sent.
The Committee on Foreign Relations had the sub-
ject under consideration, and made a report accom-
panied by a bill. That bill is the amendment I
now offer to the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill. In that report the committee assigned these
reasons for their action:
To allow the full prayer of the memorialists in these
cases, would, m the opinion of your committee, be the in-
P introduction of a new system of compensation for public
services, unsanctioned by the principles of a wise and just
economy. The allowance of outfits to our foreign minis-
ters, it is presumed, was not designed to operate as an indi-
rect mode of increasing their compensation, but as means
to enable them to fit up, at the courts to which they are ac •
credited, such establishments as might be suited to their
station,
tn this case the memorialists had been regularly ac-
credited as the diplomatic representatives of the United
States—one as full Minister to Brazil, and the other as
chargg d'affairs to the Argentine Confedeiation, at which
places only did the expense of permanent establishments
devolve on them. The special missions on which they
were sent were temporary m their character, under letters
of credence only to negotiate treaties, and not further ac-
crediting them."
Now, Mr. President, w*e know very well that,
under the law, the compensation of a Minister
Plenipotentiary is $9,000 a year, with an addition
of $9,000 for an outfit, and he is allowed the half
of an outfit on his return home, provided he cornea
back with the permission of the Government. I
have not investigated the Opinions of the Attor-
neys General spoken of by the Senator from Geor-
gia; but it may be that, in construing the law, it
has been considered that if a minister resident
abroad has added to his duties, as minister resi-
dent at one court, the duties of minister resident
at another, he is entitled by law to an outfit for
his new mission. But the view taken by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, is this: It is very
much the custom, wherever the occasion requires
it, and it conduces very much to the public con-
venience, where you have a minister resident
abroad, and it is deemed important, in our foreign
relations, to send that minister to transact a special
business somewhere 'else, the President of the
United States directs him to go to the point indi-
cated, and transact this special business, and his ex-
penses upon the mission are paid by direction of
the President out of the fund for contingent ex-
penses of intercourse with foreign nations. It is
considered that, being in the service of the Gov-
ernment, resident abroad at one court, he may be
sent elsewhere on special business on having his
expenses paid. Twt was the case with these
two gentlemen. Mr. Schenck was associated with
Mr. Pendleton, and sent to negotiate treaties with
some of the South American Powers, near to, or
not remote from, their places of residence at the
Courts where they were accredited; and Mr. Pen-
dleton was sent on a separate mission, according
to my recollection, to the Government of Para-
guay. They were absent altogether, accordmgto
my impression now, from four to six months.
It seemed to the committee that it would be ex-
orbitant to allow them a full outfit of $9,000, as a
compensation for this casual but extraordinary
service, in addition to all the expenses to which
they were subjected being paid. There is no ob-
ligation on the Government to do it. There is an
obligation on the Government—not a legal, but a
moral and equitable obligation—to pay them, and
pay them justly, for any extraordinary services
ihey may have rendered; but I do not know that
the measure of compensation always to be adopted
is to be the round sum of an outfit—far less two
outfits—when there happen to be two missions.
The committee, on looking at the case of Mr.
