368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7.
more about the purchasing of seeds in this extraor-
dinary and extravagant manner.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wade's
amendment to the amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. I moveto increase
the amount of the appropriation one doilar.
1 have the honor to represent a class of citizens
who have a deep interest in this matter. The
greater part of my constituents are agriculturists,
and 1 think that if there is any class of the people^
of the United States that has not been protectedby
this Government, it is that class. Commerce,
manufactures, and all other interests are protected,
and have been from year to year protected; but-
nothing has been done for the farming interest, to
which we are all so much indebted.
Sir, I know, of my own personal knowledge,
that seeds which have been obtained from the
Patent Office have been of very great use in the
country that I come from. I suppose that it is
known to every gentleman on this floor that even
the best kinds of seeds—wheat of the finest qual-
ity—will, after it has been used for a considerable
length of time in particular soils, deteriorate. It
will not be what it was when fhst planted.
The sending of seed, even from the North to the
South, and from the South to the North, is of great
advantage. I have no doubt that the exchange of
seeds with other countiies would be of far greater
advantage.. 1 do not think that $10,000, or even
$20,000 could be better appropriated than for the
advancement of the interest of the farmer.
Mr. Chairman, from whom do we obtain the
means of subsistence? Certainly from the agri-
cultural portion of our citizens. The welfare of
our country is in their hands.
The farmer has heretofore been looked upon as
of those who were unworthy of the national no-
tice; but that day has gone by. The farmer, if
honest and industrious, no w-a-days holds a respect-
able and even enviable position in society.
I hope the appropriation may be granted. I
•would rather it were larger. If any gentleman
will take the trouble to go to the Patent Office,
and examine the different kinds of con there for
inspection, he will see that the quality of that grain
could be vastly improved in his own country, I
do not care where he comes from. I have seen
gome of the be^t specimens of corn in the Patent
Office that I have ever witnessed in my life, and
corn which was raised from seed distributed by
this Government.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Chairman, I shall
not prolong the debate on this seed matter more
than a minute or two. It is time we should vote
it in or vote it out. I cannot subscribe to the
doctrine of the honorable gentleman fiom New
Yoik [Mr. Smith] on this subject. I believe that
one of the chief objects of Government is to pro-
tect, foster, and promote the gieat interests of the
people. These interests are agi culture, com-
merce, and the mechanic arts. They are the
fountains from which spring our national great-
ness, and our individual happiness. We have
always legislated for our commence,and annually
appropriate millions to sustain a Navy for its pio-
tecnon. We legislate for manufactmes, and the
mechanic arts; but that great interest, agriculture,
out of winch these grow, has been sadly neglected,
and I will go as far as the furthest to do it justice.
This seed matter is but a small item, yet I go for it.
But I wish to say to the two gentlemen of the
" Free Democracy party" who have taken issue
on tins subject, the gentleman from New York.
[Mr Smiiu,] and my colleague, [Mr. Wade,] that
this is no time for a distuibance in their party.
The crisis which is presented requires harmony,
even in their corner of the Hall, f hope they will
indulge a more fraternal feeling on this subject, and
will do nothing: in future which may tend to " bust
up" their party on the {< seed question." [General
laughter ]
Mr. Chairman, let us restore harmony and good
will by removing this very exciting subject; and
by voting upon the question without delay.
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn by unanimous consent.
The original amendment was ©gain read.
Mr SlMMONfS. 1 move to increase the ap-
propriation $250
I have not troubled the House, Mr. Chairman,
during this session, with any remarks on any sub-
ject, and I shall not do so often hereafter. That,
however, will depend a little upon the occasion.
Those of the committee who are in the habit of
reading the history of the country will recollect
that we owe the great rise and growth of the in-
terests of the cotton manufacture to this very pat-
ronageof Congress, in originally procuring seeds,
at a great expense, and even from the East indies.
It was very properly done. It partakes somewhat
of the character of an act to regulate commerce.
It is an act to promote exchanges. It is, after
all, but regulating the internal exchanges of this
country.
If 1 were to name the two great objects for which
this Government was established, I would say,
they were to regulate our foreign relations, and
the relations between the several States.
1 differ from my friend from New York [Mr.
Smith] in his remark, that this matter can be as
well attended to by individuals. Now, everything
which cannot be as well done by individuals as
by Government, should be done by the Govern-
ment, if at all. Who does not see that there are
thousands of things which have been done by this
Government, for the very reason that individuals,
no matter how able they may be in a pecuniary
point of view, from want of concertof opinion arid
action, and from the want of proper locality, can-
not do. I confess, in regard to this little matter,
that it would not be the amount, or the particular
application of it, that would induce me to vote for
it. It is the principle I have in view. I wish to
see this Government take a proper stand in regard
to agiiculture, and I am willing to give my sup-
port to the smallest sum to commence it.
Now, sir, what is the reason that the General
Government cannot do it ? To be sure, I expect to
be met, by a certain class of statesmen well known
to the country, with their grammars and diction-
aries, to prove that it is unconstitutional. But,
sir, it is not so. The States could do it, so far
as exchanging and sending out the seeds raised
within the States are concerned; but if we wish
to get exchanges in all matters, and between all
the nations of the earth, the matter must be taken
charge of, and curried on by the Federal Govern-
ment. Look at this Government. It receives
all the revenues from duties on imports, and from
the public lands, amounting to fifty millions annu-
ally. W hat does the Government do with it ? It
disclaims the right and the power to make internal
improvements, and it tries to shift the burden of
such improvements upon the particular localities,
by conceding to the States the power of levying
tonnage duties, for the impioveinents of rivers
and harbors. They spend the revenues, for aught
I know, in sending examiners to search for some
new corners m South America or in Africa, where
we can locate a new consul, whose pockets they
fill with money.
The States have not ample power of making
the improvements to which I have alluded, but
they have been doing everything which the Gen-
eral Government has failed to do, and which in-
dividuals cannot do. But in doing these things
they ran into debt, and into repudiation. It is
time we had a little more sound sentiment upon
this subject. It is for the purpose of beginning
and extending a proper system of improving agri-
culture, that 1 am willing to vote for this appro-
priation.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am opposed to increasing
the appropriation $350, because 1 believe that the
sum of $10,000 is quite enough for the purpose in-
dicated in the amendment of the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Clark.] I cannot agree with the
gentleman from New York [Mr Smith] who, a
little while ago, said that you might just as well
import machinery as seed5*; that it was violating
a principle, because machinery might be imported
as well as seeds. 1 do not agree with him—be-
cause seeds can be put into the earth, and they
will propagate; but machinery, without additional
manual labor, cannot be productive.
I have in my district, perhaps, the richest neck
of land that can possibly be imagined for supply-
ing the choicest vegetables for the Philad* Iphia
market—Passayunk, renowned in political his-
tory, at le^st that of the State of Pennsylvania, in-
asmuch as it gave a majority to send me here
[Laughter.] That district has among its peo-
ple a \ery large number of agriculturists, and they
get no protection upon God's earth in the shape of
patronage from the Government, except the few
seeds that I have been able to distribute among
them, which have been sent to me from the Patent
Office. [Laughter.] Very well, so far; but they
complain that they are not good seeds. [Laugh-
ter.]
I do not agree with the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, that this is not the
proper time to continue this experimentof thedis-
tribution of seeds. I am generally opposed to ex-
perimenting—I do not like innovations, although
I think 1 will vote for the Nebraska bill reported
by my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.]
[Laughter.] I do not think that I care much about
rhe amendments. I stand flat-footed upon the
Constitution; but that has nothing to do with the
appropriation for seeds. [Laughter.] { said that
I was opposed to the amendment increasing the
sum $250; but I will vote for this small expendi-
ture. It is but an experiment, which 1 hope will
be a successful one, for the reason I have indi-
cated, that I desire to have a fair chance, under
the distribution, among the Neckers in my district,
who send to the Philadelphia market the best veg-
etables that can be produced anywhere. I desire
that they should derive what advantage there is
likely to be gained by the distribution of the few
seeds among them to which they are entitled, at
the expense of the General Government I do not
think that this would be a violation of the letter
or the spirit of the Constitution, but that it is in-
cluded within its purview and provisions.
Hence I state now, clearly and fairly, the rea-
sons which will induce me to give this vote: be-
cause it is constitutional, because it does not vi-
olate any principle, because it benefits a very
worthy set of people in my district, who will be
enabled, perhaps, m some small degree, to improve
the character of the vegetables with which they
supply the Philadelphia market.
The question was then taken on Mr. Simmons's
amendment to the amendment, and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by increasing the appropriation one dollar.
Mr. Chairman, this seems to be a very fruitful
subject for debate—a capital subject for gentlemen
who want one to talk about All profess to be
friends of the agricultural interests of the country,
and all at the same time profess to be extreme
economists. Now, it is an old saying that " time
is money;" and 1 submit to gentlemen of this
House, whether it would not be well to give the
industrious agricultural population of the country
some five or ten thousand dollars, and save twice
that amount in time, by taking the question as
soon as possible? I withdraw the amendment I
have offered.
The question was then taken upon the original
amendment offered by Mr. Clark, and it was
agreed to.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike
out that part of the amendment which provides that
the appropriation shall be paid out of the Patent
Office nind.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to aquestion of order.
I ask the Chair if the amendment of the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Clark] has not been adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. It has.
Mr. HOUSTON'. Then the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee is not in order; for the
committee cannot strike out what they have voted
to insert.
Mr. JONES. What amendment has been
adopted ?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Michigan.
Mr. JONES. What became of the amendment
of the gentleman fiom Connecticut, [Mr. Pratt?]
The CHAIRMAN. It was withdrawn.
Mr. JONES. 1 gave nonce that I should object
to the withdrawal of any amendment.
A Member. It is too late now; you cannot
take any step backwards.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Michigan has been inserted by
order of the committee, and that offered by the
gentleman from Tennessee is, therefore, not in
order.
Mr. JONES. Well, sir, it is only another evi-
d^n^e of the fact that when men start wrong, they
get futther and further off from what is right and
proper.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have an amendment
which I desire to offer; but if the committee will
