1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1079
the Government has been liberal to those persons
who have gone to Oregon, as we!l as to those
who have gone to all the other Territories which
have been organized. It has given them an im-
mense quantity of land; and so large and valuable
has been the gift, that even now, upon this floor,
we hear it said, and complained of, that they have
more than they know what to do with. The
Government established the terms and conditions
upon svhich the land was granted to them, and
that, too, veiy shortly after the Territory was
organized. What are those terms and conditions,
and to whom were the grants to be made? Here
is a part of the fourth, and the entire fifth section
of the act of 1850:
Sbc. 4. Jlnd he it further enacted, That there shall be,
and hereby is, granted to every white settler or occupant of
the public lands, American half breed Indians included,
above the age of eighteen yeats, being a citizen of the
United Siates, or having made a declaration according to
law, of his intention to become a citizcn, or who shall
make such deciaiation on or before the l>t day of Decem-
ber, 1851, now lesidmg hi taid Territory, o"i who shall
become a resident thereof on or before the l«t day of De
ceinher, 1850, and who shall have iended upon and culti-
vated the same for four con.secutsvc years, and yhall other-
wise confoim to the provisions. of tJn«. act, the quantity of
one half section, or throe hundred and twenty aert< ofiaed,
if a single man, and if a married man, or it he shall become
married within one year from the L>t day ol December, 1850,
the quanutyof (me suction, or six hundred and foity acres,
one half to himself and the other halt to his wile, to he
held by her in her own right; and the .-uiveyor gem ral
shall designate the part inuiing to the husband "and ihat to
the Wife, and enter the same on the record* of Ins office;
and in all ca^e* wlieie such married peisous have complied
with the piovi-iouv of this act, ho a< to entitle them to the
grant as> above piovided, whether under the hue provisional
government ot On gon, or Miiee, and either -|m]| have died
before patent issues, the survivor and children or heir- ot
the deceased shall be entitled to the sh.ue or interest ol the
deceased in equal propoitions, except where the deceased
shall otherwt*e di-pose of it by testament duly and propeily
executed according to the taws of Oregon.
" Sec. 5. *dnd be iif ml her enacted, That to nit white
male citizens of the United Slates, or persons who shall
have made a deciaiation of intention to become such, above
the age of twenty one years, emigrating to and seuling in
said Territory between the Ktday ot Decern tier, 18.*>!),and the
1st day of December, 1853; and to all white male American
citizens, not hereinbefore provided tor, becoming one and
twenty years of age, in said Territoiy, and settling there
between the times last aforesaid, who shall in othei icspeets
comply with the foregoing section and the provisions of
this law, there shall be, and hereby is, gianted the quantity
of one quarter section, or one hundred and «i\ty acres of
land, if a single man ; or if married, or if he shall become
married within one year troin the time of arriving in said
Territory, or within one year after becoming twenty-one
years of age a«* aforesaid, then the quantity ol one half sec-
tion, or three hundred and twenty acres, one half to the
husband and the other half to the wife, m her own right,
to be designated by the surveyor general as n(ore>aid:
Provided always, That no person shall ever receive a p itent
for more than one donation of land til said Territoiy m his
or her own tight: Provided, That no mineral lauds shall be
loeated or grunted under the provisions of this act " I
Now, sir, it seems to me that the provisions
made by theGovernmentforgrantinglands to those
who are within the limits of the Territory of Ore-
gon are exceedingly liberal and generous. It not
only gives land to every American citizen who is
there, but to every half-breed Indian; and not only
to those who are there, but to those who shall go
there before a certain day, which is designated by
the act—three hundred and twenty acres of land,
if a single man, and if married, six hundred and
forty act es.
This provision was not confined to those who
were there at the time of the passage of the act.
It went beyond that, and applied to those who
came within twelve months afterwards. And it
gave the same indulgence not only to married
men, but to those who might hereafter marry
within twelve, months after a certain date therein
specified.
Now, sir, there are some provisions attached to
this law. They are as follows:
" Provided, That no alien shall be entitled to a patent to
land, in an ted by tins act, until he shall produce to the sur
veyor general of Oiegon record evidence that his natural-
ization as a citizen of Ihe U mted State? has been completed;
but if any alien, having made his declaration ot intention
to become a citizen of the United States, alter the passage
of this act, shall die before his naturalisation shall be com-
pleted, the po.-sessory right acquired by him under the
provisions of this act shall descend to his heirs at law, or
pass to his devisees, to whom, as th , ca^e may be, the
patent shall issue : Provided further, That in all cases pro
vided for in this section, the donation shall embrace the
land actually occupied and cultivated by the settler thereon:
Provided Juriher, That all future contracts by any person or
persons entitled to the benefit of this act, for the sale of
the land to which he or they may be entitled under thi^ act
before he or they have received a patent therefor, shall be
void."
Now this last proviso is to be stricken out, and
the result will be, that if the occupant has not
been upon the land for three months, he is to be
relieved from the resti iction which requires him
to settle and cultivate the same, and he is to be
allowed to go into market and make a sale of his
land.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney] says,
what does the Government suffer by tins? What
is lost to the United States? They have already
given the land, and by striking out this proviso,
you authorize them to sell a portion of it, m order
that they may acquire the means of carrying on
their farming operations upon the rest of it, as the
gentleman says.
Well now, sir, it strikes me that, under this state
of things, this may occur, that the Government
of the United States may, at least, give lands to
others which will go into the hands of those who
have alieady received them. For example: sup-
pose one man has three hundred and twenty acres
of land theie now, and if a new comer airives
there, under the provisions of this section he can
sell to him one half of his claim, and the new
comer himself can enter a claim for three hundred
and twenty acres more, and in his turn may sell
one halfof his claim to the first, or they may agree
to make an exchange of portions of the land winch
each holds.
Mr. LANE. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia allow me to say that, as we have many bills
relating to territorial business yet to dispose of,
and as this ptovision is likely to consume the time
of the committee, to avoid detaining the committee
any longer upon the matter, 1 am willing, so far
as Oregon is concerned, that the pt ivilege of selling
portions of claims shall be restricted, as the gentle-
man fiorn Indiana [Mr. Parkkr] proposes, to
persons who have perfected their right to the lands;
that is, to those who have lived upon their claims
for four years. Does the gentleman from Virginia
desire more than that?
Mi. LETCHER. If they have complied with
the conditions of the law, they have the right to
dispose of their lands as they please, and there is
no need for us to adopt such a provision.
Mr. COBB. But they cannot get their patents.
Mr. LETCH ER, If they have lived upon their
lands four years, they have a right to a patent
for it, and they can enforce their right.
Mr. LANE. No, sir; they cannot enforce their
right. But, if the gentleman will allow me, what
I desire now is, to indicate my willingness, in ac-
cordance with the suggestion of the gentleman
from Indiana, to confine the privilege of selling
portions of claims to those who have perfected their
titles by living upon the land four years.
Mr. PARK RR. That is the amendment I pro-
posed to oiler.
Mr. LANE. Now I ask the gentleman if he
will yield me the floor for five minutes?
Mr. LETCHER. I will for that length of
time.
Mr. DISNEY. I ask the permission of the
gentleman frtfm Virginia to say a word at this
point5 The gentleman has put a hypothetical case,
in which he thinks the Government might pos-
sibly get a portion of the claim of another person,
if 1 mistake not, he puts it thus: Suppose an indi-
vidual who had, under the act of 1850, entered
and taken possession of three hundred and twenty
acres of land, should, under the provisions of this
section, avail himself of the opportunity to sell i
one half of his claim to a new comer, who, in his j
tuin, should locate another three hundred and i
twenty acres, and should dispose of half of his j
tract to the first, what would be the consequence? ,
Each one would have three hundred and twenty
acres still, and what would be the difference? By
the existing laws each resident is entitled to three
hundred and twenty acres, and, of course, each
new comer is entitled to three hundred and twenty
acres more; and whether they take it by collusion,
or without collusion, makes no practical differ-
ence. The operation of the law is precisely the
same, and nothing is either gained or lost, either
by the individuals themselves, or by the Govern-
ment.
But, sir, suppose you take the case which has
been put by the gentleman, and in reference to
which the gentleman from Oregon seems disposed
to yield the point, so far as this section of the bill is
concerned. Suppose a party has been in possession
of his claim only three months and feels disposed
to sell out. (I wish the gentleman to remember
the fact that the condition on which tte right was
acquired under the act of 1850 was mat of four
years'occupancy.) And if an individual occupies
the land for three months, and the party who pur-
chases from him does not continue the occupancy,
the condition precedent on which the grant was
made is not carried out, and no right accrties
to either party. Hence there is nothing in tlie
case that the party who occupies might sell .out.
There must be a continued occupancy either of the
party originally making the location, or of his as-
signees, or the condition precedent falls, and nei-
ther party is entitled under the act of 1850. Such
is the law; and the gentleman from Oregon is
yielding to that in which there is no point.
Mr. LANE. I am willing that the amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia shall be embodied
in the bill. Let the proviso be repealed, so far as
claims of the description indicated are concerned.
Now, i believe that the gentleman has no other
objection to the bill.
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, I have something else.
Mr. LANE. I want about five minutes' time.
Mr. LETCHER. Wait a moment, and you
shall have it; my remarks will not be long.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Disney] has one of
the happiest faculties of any gentleman within the
limits of my acquaintance. 1 have never yet seen
him opposed to anybody that he was not perfectly
satisfied that he was in the right, and that no-
body else was, or could be, right. [Laughter.]
I have observed his course on various occasions,
not only in the discussion of land questions, but
in other matters in this House, and i have yet to
see the very first man who ever differed from him
in opinion, no matter how wide or how slight the
difference, that he did notcome to the conclusion,
and with a great deal of self-complacency, that he
was right, and that it was utterly impossible it
could be otherwise.
Now, the gentleman says that my objection to
this section has no sort of point to it. What is
the objection? I object to the surrender of the
whole of the public lands of the country in these
Territories. The gentleman admits that these
parties may go in there, and that they may, after
taking up these lands, divide them to suit their
own convenience. With this authority, it will be
hard to tell how much land will be occupied by
these parties. Under the doctrine of the veto
which went into the Senate to-day, I think that
we may possibly hope, ere long, to arrest some
of this squandering of the public lands. The
President says that they ought not to be given up
unless there is a full equivalent in value given for
them; that the Government ought not to lose the
price of them; and under this principle I hope that
we may be able to check this principle of giving
away. And I hope that it will check it for another
reason. Look at the state of things now'in this
country in the organization of Territories. Here
are five Territories organized in the North at this
time, one organized in 1848, one which is now
the subject of consideration; and, in the space of
six years, it has grown so rapidly that at this
very time there is a bill on the table to organize it
as a State. Well, here are other of these Terri-
tories growing up under this spirit of liberality on
the part of the Federal Government, which gives
away lands to settlers, and withdraws them from
the old States. We are building up northern
power to create a disparity far greater than at
present exists between the North and the South.
I have no objection to the organization of these
Territories when they are needed, but I have an
objection to using the power of this Government
for the purpose of stimulating a hot-housesystem,
that shall encourage these Territories, and bring
them upon us of the South as States when we are
weak enough alfeady in this Government. Under
the old policy, our custom was to admit into this
Union a free State and a slave State at the same
time, and that policy was adhered to for a long
series of years, until squatter sovereignty and
military authority controlled California, and
brought her into the Union as a free State, thus
destroying the equality.
If men choose to go into these Territories vol-
untarily and settle there for the purpose of bettering
their fortunes, let them go. But do not-let this
Government undertake to destroy us of the South
by holding out stimulants to the encouragement
of northern Territories, the propagation of north-
ern sentiment, and the multiplication of northern
