1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
371
the Chair to the estimates of the Secretary of the
Navy for deficiencies. Among them are these:
To complete the marine hospitals at Cleveland,
at St. Louis, at Chicago, at Louisville, Kentucky;
at Evansville, Indiana; and at San Francisco, and
for inclosingand draining,&c.,<fcc. For the pros-
ecution of the marine hospital at Portland, Maine,
$50,000. For the prosecution of the marine hos-
pital at Vicksburg, and so on. So far as the Sec-
retary of the Navy then can settle the point, it is
settled againstthe appropriation,
I want now to say a word to my friend from
Mississippi-—that it is precisely, in every single
particular, a parallel case with the one of Port-
land, Maine.
Mr. BARKSDALE, The difference is, that in
that case the site had not been selected.
Mr. HOUSTON. In that case there was a site
belonging to the Government.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I wish to say
one word, i have urged the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Barksdale] not to agree to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Fuller]
to withdraw his amendment; and I did so for this
reason; The gentleman from New Hampshire, in
speaking the other day, alluded to the condition of
the lower part of the Mississippi river, and, with
that liberality which 1 am happy to say has always
characterized his sentiments on this subject, said
that if such appropriations were needed anywhere,
they were in the lower part of the Mississippi
river.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remind
the gentleman from Louisiana that the question of
order is not whether the appropriation is needed
or not, but whether the amendment is proper in
this or in another bill.
Mr. PERKINS. I intend to examine whether
the appropriation is for a deficiency or not. Now,
■what is a deficiency?
Mr. JONES. There is nothing before the com-
mittee on which debate is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order;
and, if objected to, the gentleman cannot proceed.
Mr. LETCHER. Does the Chair decide the
amendment to be in order?
The CHAIRMAN. He does.
_ Mr. LETCHER. Then I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. PERKINS. Does that give me an oppor-
tunity, Mr. Chairman, to debate the question?
The CHAIRMAN. It does not. The ques-
tion now is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?'1
The question was taken, and the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania, offered the
following amendment:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby author-
ized and directed, out of any unexpended balance (if
appropriations heretofore made foi the constiuction of the
custom hou^e, post office, &c., at Pitfc-burg, Pennsylvania,
and which may remain after the application of the same, to
apply so much thereof as may, m his judgment, be neces
sary to furnish in a suitable manner the several rooms and
offices in said building, toimpiove the grounds, and much
thereof as may be necessary to pay the two commissioners
who superintended the construction of said buildings throe
dollars per day each.
Mr. RITCHIE. I desire to say a few words
in explanation of the amendment. It asks for no
appropriation whatever. The appropriation was
made years ago for the building of the custom-
house and the post office. The architect has gone
on and completed the building, and, in doing so,
made his calculation so as to leave a sufficient sum
of money out of the appropriation to furnish the
house, to 
Mr. LETCHER, (interrupting.) I rise to a
question of order. 1 ask whether this amendment
is in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is not
in order. It does not refer to an appropriation for
a work authorized by law, but to the regulation of
salaries, and other matters.
The Clerk then read the next clause of the bill,
as follows:
" For the increased compensation of the surveyor gen-
eral of Oregon, from the 3d of March, 1353, to the 30th of
June, 1854, ,327 77."
Mr. LANE, of Oregon, offered the following
amendment, to be added to the clause last read:
For the payment of the actual and nece^aiy e.\pen.-es
inclined In the provisional government of Oregon in defense
of the p^onle of said Temtoiv from the attacks and hos-
tilities of the Oayuse Indians m the years 1817 and 1848,
and that it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Tieas-
urv to allow and pay the sums found due, and allowed by
the Governor of said Territory, or an> one of the commis-
sioners of the Oayuse war claim, $-75,000.
Mr. LANE. If th'e committee will give me
their attention for a few minutes, I think I will be
able to satisfy them that the amendment I have
offered ought to be adopted. When I arrived in
the Territory of Oregon in 1848, and entered upon
my duties as Governor, my attention was directed
to the Cayuse war, and the expenses incurred by 1
the Territory in suppressing the hostilities com-
mitted by the Cayuse Indians against the settlers.
I called the attention of the Legislature to the sub-
ject, and used the following language:
"From the best information I have been able to gather
fiom estimates and otherwise, the expense of the late Cay-
use war may he set down at about §190,000.
u This indebtedness has borne heavily on many individ-
uals, who advanced money to tin; provisional government,
some of whom borrowed money for the purpose of arming
and subsisting the troops, and have since paid these sums
out of their own funds, by which they have been greatly
injured m their pnvate affairs-.
"The justice of the war, and the good conduct of the
citizens in promptly turning out in defense oftheir country,
entit'e them not only to the good opinion of Government,
bat to an appropriation by Congress sufficient to pay the
expenseof the war."
At that time the books of the subsistence and
quartermaster's department were placed in my
hands, as also the muster rolls. My knowledge
of the service enabled me to estimate correctly
the whole amount of the expenses of th'e war;
and I called the attention of the Legislature to the
subject. Congress, in 1851, passed an act in re-
lation to this subject in the following words:
"Be it enacted by the Senate and J-Iouse of Representa-
tives of the United States of •America xii Congress a«se>n-
hled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and lie is
hereby, authorized and directed to &ettle the actual and ne-
cessary expenses incurred by the provisional government of
Oregon, in defending the people of said Territory from the
attacks and hostilities* ot the Oayuse Indians, in the v« ais
1847 and 1848, upon the presentation by the Governor of
said Territory to the said Secretary of the Treasury, of
a full, accurate, and detailed statement of the actual and
necessary expenses of said defense and hostilities, accom-
panied by proper vouchers, and satisfactory proof of the
correctness theieof, authenticated in conformity with the
usages of the Department, and that the sum of $100,000
be, and is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to carry the provis-
ions of this law into effect."
If they had appropriated $190,000, then, no
further action of Congress would have been neces-
sary. I have now in my possession the report of
the commissioner, who has examined and allowed
the awards in all the claims, and he sets down j
the balance of the expenses of that war at $75,000 j
—§15,000 less than I made out. Many persons \
who served in that war are scattered now m vari- j
ous ports of the world; many of them are dead,
and their claims will never be presented. Many
of them had no heirs and no families. If these
claims had been allowed, they would have covered
the amount which I estimated in my message. I
had the means of ascertaining correctly the ex-
penses of the war. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury, as I understand it, has sent here a communi-
cation recommending this appropriation, which
has been referred to the proper committee, and
which has been ordered to be printed. Tne com-
missioner, as I said before, has set down the bal-
ance of these Cayuse war claims at §75,000.
Congress has authorized the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay the actual and necessary expen-
ses of that war; but $100,000 are not sufficient for
that purpose, and a further appropriation of
i #75,000 is necessary. I hope every member of
■ the committee will see that Congress has already
! assumed the debt and authorized the payment of
j the expenses of that war; and that they will not
j hesitate to grant the $75,000 necessary to pay the
i balance of the expenses.
; Mr. MATTESON. This claim came before
| the Military Committee at the first session of the
! Thirty-First Congress, and a proposition was
i made to pay £193,000 for this very purpose. There
I was no evidence before the committee—no detailed
j statements—showing that the expenses of this
i war amounted to any such sum. There was no
i evidence furnished at all by the Delegatefrom Ore-
j gon, at that time, to show what those expenses
1 were. The committee, under the circumstances,
! and with such information as they had before them,
1 struck out $90,000, which made the appropriation
'£100,000. From that time to this I have never
I seen any detailed statement of these expenses.
I Such a statement may be here; but, I think, before
we vote this $75,000, we should "know in what
those expenses consist, and whether these charges
are fair or legal as against the Government. At
this time, and without further evidence* I am op-
posed to this amendment, and until I know what
is to become of these $75,000.
Mr. LANE. I know it is not in order to ex-
plain at this time, but I will say to the gentleman^
that the appropriation which is now asked to be
made is for services rendered and for subsistence
furnished, and the reports are now in the hands
of the printer,
Mr. MATTESON. The reports are what I
would like to see.
Mr. LAJME. The report has been received by
this House, referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed. It has
gone to the printer, and, therefore, is not before the
committee; but this is the proper time and place to
insert the appropriation, and i hope the committee
will adopt it. f can assure them that it is right,
and that the appropriation ought to be granted. I
have the report of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, who has examined into the whole sub-
ject, and he says that the $75,000 axe actually due,
and ought to be paid.
Mr. MATTESON. I understand this commu-
nication has been referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, but 1 have not heard of any
action by that committee. That is what I want to
see. What action have the Committee of Ways
and Means taken upon the subject?
Mr. HOUSTON". The communication, [ un-
derstand, was referred to our committee yesterday.
I have not seen it at all, and our committee have,
of course, taken no action upon it.
Mr. MATTESON. Well, sir, I desire to see
the communication, or some report of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means upon it, before I am
prepared to vote for this appropriation. I recollect
during the second session of the Thirty-First
Congress this claim came before the Comntittee
on Military Affairs, and was looked upon with
considerable suspicion. But I will not further
allude to the matter, because the Delegate then
representing Oregon [Mr. Thurston] has since
deceased.
The question was put, and the Chair decided
the amendment disagreed to—ayes 12, noes not
counted.
Mr. LANE. I now want to say that I am sat-
isfied this committee do not understand this prop-
osition, or they would not reject it.
Mr. MATTESON. I call the gentleman to or-
der.
Mr. LANE. The gentleman from New York
may call to order, but 
(Loud ciies of " Order!" " Ordeil"]
The CHAIRMAN. There is no amendment
before the committee, and the gentleman cannot
proceed with any remarks unless he moves to
amend.
Mr. LANE. I demand tellers upon the adop-
tion of the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
! the Chair will entertain the proposition for tellers.
! Mr. OPlR. Then I suppose the amendment is
| still open to amendment?
; The CHAIRMAN. It is.
i Mr. ORR. I move to amend by reducing the
appropriation $1,000.
I do not know anything of the merits of the
amendment, and therefore I voted against its
adoption when the question was put. I rise now
for the purpose of moving this amendment, in
order to give my friend from Oregon an opportu-
nity of explaining the appropriation for the satis-
faction of the House. I desire to know why this
claim has not been referred to a committee? or if
it has been so referred, why they have not reported
the amendment?
A Member. Let us have the amendment read.
The amendment offered by Mr. Lane was read
by the Clerk.
Mr. ORR. I would like, also, to ask the gen-
tleman from Oregon when this commission was
organized by the Governor of that Territory for
the purpose of ascertaining and adjudicating upon
the claims of citizens of Oregon for services ren-
dered during: this Cayuse war?
Mr. 'LANE. I will answer the gentleman's
question with a great deal of pleasure. The rea-
son why I have not produced any recommenda-
tion of a committee in relation to this matter, is
