1940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
iaed by the Government of the said Argentine Confedera-
tion or by the Government of either of the States now or at
any time composing the same, being invested with like
power and authority, and with him or them to agree, treat,
consult, amUiegoliate of and concerning general commerce
between the United States and the Argentine Confederation
or the States now or at any time composing the same jomily
or severally, and to conclude and sign a treaty or treaties
touching the premises, transmitting the same to the Presi-
dent of the United States for his ratification, by and with
the advice ami consent of tiie Senate thereof.
In testimony whereof I have caused the seal of the
United States to be herewith affixed.
Given under my hand at the city of Washington, the 27th
r 1 day of April, A. D. 1852, and of the Independ-
[SEAt.J eace of the United States, the seventy-sixth.
MILLARD F1LLMOUE.
By the President:
Dasiei. Webster, Secretary of State.
These pajsers show that these two gentlemen
are described by their proper title to make known
to the two Governments to which they were sent
"who they were. One was a minister to Brazil,
the other was charge d'affaires at the Argentine
Confederation; and they were sent as special com-
missioners for the purpose of making treaties with
these Republics.
Mr. RUSK. I understand the honorable Sen-
ator from South Carolina [Mr. Butler] to say
that these two gentlemen had been commissioned
by the President, and confirmed by the Senate, in
this capacity, for the purpose of making these
treaties, notwithstanding they held the offices spe-
cially, one of minister to another Government, and
the other of charge d'affaires. Now, sir, what dif-
ference is it? The history of the case is this: A
crisis arose in these countries. It was presumed
by the President, that commercial treaties could
be formed. It had been attempted before, hut it
had been an utter failure, both on the part of this
^Government and the Governments of Europe.
That crisis arose whea the Senate was not in ses-
sion. The President, therefore, could make no ap-
pointments of this description, and lie must ne-
cessarily devolve this duty upon this minister and
this charge d'affaires. They went. The British
and French Governments, at the same time, avail-
ing themselves of this very crisis in the affairs of
the country, sent their ministers for the purpose
of making commercial treaties, which were re-
garded of vast importance, with them. It had
been regarded as of vast importance for a number
of years to have commercial relations with these
countries, if possible.
Suppose the Senate had been in session when
the crisis arrived, and they had been asked,
would they not have confirmed the appointment
necessary to have obtained these important com-
mercial treaties ? I think there is no doubt of it.
There certainly can be no doubt of it; because
when the treaties were made and sent here, they
were at once confirmed. They were sanctioned
by the Senate. Then everything was acquired
by these gentlemen which could have been ac-
quired if they had had in their ppckcts the addi-
tional commissions which now seem to be made
of importance. The action of the Senate, con-
firming the treaties, is conclusive proof that if it
had been in session at the time, it would have au-
thorized the appointment of these persons for the
purpose of obtaining the commercial treaties.
We have availed ourselves of the Mbors of these
gentlemen, and now, upon a matter of etiquette,
because they did not have a particular commis-
sion in their pockets, we are called upon to refuse
to pay them. Sir, taking it for granted that the
Senate would have sanctioned these missions if
they had been in session, and it cannot be disput-
ed, for they sanctioned the treaties, and if they
were regarded as matters of so much importance
as to lead them to sanction the treaties unani-
mously, they certainly would have regarded it at
the time as a matter of considerable importance
to have them commissioned, and having availed
ourselves of the labors of these gentlemen, I am
willing to pay them.
Mr. MASON. I desire to ask the Senator a
question.' Suppose the President of the United
States had thought proper to send a minister to
negotiate treaties with Uruguay and Paraguay,
and with, the other States, the names of winch I
do not recollect, and had asked the Senate for an
appropriation to do it, and had sent one minister
to discharge that service, would that minister not
have received only a single outfit of §9,000, and
a single salary of §9,000?
Mr. RUSK. Certainly; because that would
have been his arrangement. But 1 can answer
that question by asking another. Suppose he
had asked for the outfit for two ministers, one to
have gone to each of these j^tces; would they not
both have received outfits and salaries? It is ob-
vious they -would. Certainly that would have
been the case, and the supposition is as strong on
the one side as on the other.
Mr. President, the services hare been per-
formed. The Government has availed itself of
them by sanctioning the treaties made by these
gentlemen. Those treaties have been regarded
by the Government as matters of considerable
importance, and I shall not stickle over their
want of a particular kind of commission in their
pockets, to withhold from them their compensa-
tion.
Mr. TOUCEY. 1 rise to call attention to one
fact. At the time when these commissions were
issued, when these instructions were given to these
two ministers who had been appointed and con-
firmed, and were resident abroad, the Senate was
in session, and now the claim is made that they
are entitled to an outfit on the ground of a new
appointment either as minister of the first or second
grade. By what right or authority, when the Sen-
ate is in session, can the President of the United
States, without sending in to this body the nom-
ination, senda minister toany other country, and
give him a title in consequence of the new office
which is conferred ? I think it shows that it was
not the intention of the President to make a new
appointment, but merely to call upon those indi-
viduals, who were already holding foreign appoint-
ments, to discharge occasional duties; and now,
as a remuneration, 1 am willing to make them an
ample compensation for their expenses; but I am
not willing to admit that they received a new ap-
pointment at the hands of the President entitling
them to an outfit, when it never had been sub-
mitted to the Senate which was in session, whether
it would agree to confirm the appointment or not.
I am therefore opposed to the proposition of the
Senator from Georgia, but am in favor of the one
that comes from the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations.
Mr. BUTLER. I shall detain the Senate but
a very few minutes, to put myself right. I feel
confident of my conclusions now. Before Mr.
Schenck could receive §9,000 as an outfit, he must
do so in virtyte officii, that is, as a minister pleni-
potentiary, deriving his powers from the nomina-
tion of the President, and the confirmation of the
Senate; and if he had presented himself to the
Department, in virtute officii, they would have
paid it just exactly as it was paid John Gtuincy
Adams, who left St. Petersburg!), and claimed,
by virtue of his commission, an outfit to Ghent;
or, as did Mr. Clay; and until they bring them-
selves within that character, they have no right to
claim it as an outfit. The outfit of $9,000 is inci-
dent to tin office regularly derived from the con-
| stitutional authority of the President and the
Senate of the United States. So far from the
President of the United States intimating that
Mr. Schenck was to be regarded with the dignity
of a Minister Plenipotentiary, he did not even
give him the designation; but to what monstrous
abuses would this lead ? Suppose that a Presi-
dent, after he has found that he is to go out of
office, chooses, by a commission of this kind, to
detail a favorite minister to go to the twenty-two
courts in South America, to Central America, to
Mexico; or suppose to the courts in Europe,
where they can go fiom one to another in a few
hours. Suppose the President were to detail one
of his favorite ministeis to go to England, to
Prance, to Belgium, to Rome, and to Constanti-
nople, according to the doctrine of my friend fiom
i Georgia, in virtute officii, he conitl claim, as a
\ matter of right, an outfit of §9,009. I would
] allow him for the services, and for going to a dif-
| ferent place, a fair and liberal compensation; but
I would not allow him the outfit incident to an
! office that can only be derived from the President
and the Senate.
I Mr. RUSK. No such abuse as that of which
j the Senator speaks has been committed in this
!! case.
i Mr. BUTLER. I do not say that it has. I
! say it might be committed.
j; Mr. RUSK. Hence that objection cannot ap-
!| ply here. If these persons had been ministers
II appointed by the President, and coefirrtied by the
Senate, to these Republics, they would have been
entitled to |9,000 as a salary. All that is neces-
sary to answer in regard to what the President
might do, is, thfit they have to come here for the
purpose of getting an appropriation; and if any-
thing was done improperly, all that it would be
necessary for the Senate to do, would be to reject
it. Nobody pretends that there was anything im-
proper in this case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Georgia
to the amendment.
Mr. RUSK called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 17, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Hell, Benjamin, Brown, Cooper,
Dawson, Fi$h, Foot, Geyer, Pfttit, Pratt, Rockwell, Rusk,
Thompson of Kentucky,Thomson ol' New Jersey,Toombs,
and Wade—17.
NAYS— Messrs. Adams, Allen, Atchison, Bavnrrl, Bright,
Brodhead, Butler, Dodgeof Wisconsin, Evans, Fitzpamok,
Hamlm, Houston, Hunter, James, Jones' oi Tenripes-ae,
Ma«on,Norns, Sebastian, Shields, Slidell/foucey, Walker,
Weller,and Williams—24.
So the amendment to the amendment %vas re-
jected.
Mr. ATCHISON, (Mr. Weller in the chair.)
I move now to amend the amendment of the
committee in accordance with the suggestion that
I made to the Senator from Georgia, by striking:
out " twenty-five" and inserting "fifty," which
will be including the expense.
Mr. MASON. Does the Senator mean that
! the expenses shall be paid out of the fifty dollars?
| Mr. ATCHISON. Yes, sir.
! Mr. BUTLER. That would be worse for them
I than the original amendment is.
; Mr. MASON. Their expenses are all paid
except 
j Mr. ATCHISON. Then I move to strike out
! "twenty-five dollars," and insert " fifty dollars"
i per diem.
i Mr. MASON. That will give them exactly
the sum proposed by the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. ATCHISON. No—less $9,000 outfit.
Mr. MASON. Twenty-five dollars a day for
the time employed is at the rate of $9,000 a year.
If you give them fifty dollars a day, that is at the
rate of $18,000; and that is what the Senator
from Georgia proposed to give by his amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator from Virginia
does not seem to comprehend my amendment at
all. I did no such thing. I proposed to give
i Mr. Schenck the amount of $18,000; therefore,
j the amendment of the Senator from Missouri is
\ precisely half of mine. That is the effect of it.
! Mr. MASON. The amendment of the Senator
from Georgia was to pay Mr. Schenck §18,000
for some five or six months' service. The Sena-
i tor from Missouri proposes to pay him at the rate
I of fifty dollars a day forabout six month's service,
i which is at the rate of $18,000 a year. If this be
done, it will be taken as a precedent to establish
the position, that if a minister is sent from one
country to another to transact special business,
besides his salary going on all the time at $9,000
a year, and expenses, he may have fifty dollars a
day.
Mr. WALKER. With the desire to know
i afterwards what the country may think of pay-
I ing, under these circumstances,fifty dollarsaday,
I ask respectfully for the yeas and nays on the
amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
i Mr. TOUCEY. If I understand it, these min-
isters have already been paid their annual salary
' during the very period of six months for which it
| is now proposed to pay them twenty-five dollars
a day in addition; and the proposition contained
in the amendment to the amendment is to make it
fifty dollars a day, so that in case of the minister
plenipotentiary during these six months, he will be
receiving at the rate of seventy-five dollars a day.
The question was taken by yeas and nays, and
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Be!), Benjamin,
| Cooper, Dawson, Fessenden, Pish, Foot, Geyer, Pearce,
; Pettit, Pratt, Pvockwell, Rusk, Shields,Toombs, and Wade
i —IS.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bright, Brod-
\ head, Brown, Dodue of Wisconsin. Evans, Fitzpatriek,
| Hamlm, Houston, Hunter, James, Jones of Tennt-s-ee,
' Mason, Sebastian, Slidell, Thomson of Mew Jersey, Tou-
cey, Walker, VVeller, and Williams—22,
j So the amendment to the amendment was re-
i jected.
