1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
873
tiori of the Senate to grant the appropriation as set
forth ia the bill of the House of Representatives,
No. 49 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remind
the gentleman that it would notbe in orderfor him
to make any remarks, unless he moved an amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. VANSAiMT. I movethatthe word<4four,"
as it last appears, be stricken out.
I should extremely regret if, at this day, such
aid should be withheld from this very meritorious
class of citizens. The act of 1812 gave to the
citizens of the United States, on private armed
vessels, lettersof marqueand reprisals, andshortly
afterwards,within a period of three or four months,
an act was passed setting apart two percent, of the
net proceeds of the prizes for constituting a pen-
sion fund for the disabled men engaged in such
service. This action of the Government shows
an earnest on their part to render aid to men who
might be thus meritoriously engaged. Notwith-
standing that fund has become exhausted from
mismanagement, or some other cause, Congiess,
i think, has, upon more than one occasion, made
appropriations to be drawn from the Treasury to
fill the vacuum thus created. If these men ever
had a claim upon the Government they certainly
have it now. Crippled as they are by old age,
they are certainly not capable of performing any
physical service; and it will be perceived, by
referring to the bill, that the amount asked for to
relieve them is very small—the whole of it, I be-
lieve, notexceeding ^9.000.
Sir, in a very short period the whole of these
poor old men will be stricken from the roll of time,
and it strikes me that it is very small economy
upon the part of this House to begin with those
who are dependent on it for their very subsistence.
They are, in the main, men who were engaged in
the industrial pursuits of life; men who had before
been engaged in sea service, and who had smarted
under the wrongs inflicted by Great Britain. I
allude to the impressment of American seamen.
I trust that this part of the bill will not be stricken
out.
Mr. APPLETON. I ask that the concluding
portion of the letter of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions may be read. A portion of it merely was
read a few minutes since.
It was rend by the Clerk, as inserted above.
Mr. APPLETGiN". ! would by no means say
that the Government is bound to pay these pen-
sions, by any act other than that since the pension
fund has been exhausted you have from time to
time made appropriations for the payment of these
pensions.
The number of these pensioners now on the
list is less than thirty—1 think twenty-three-—
and, of course, they are all very much jidvanced ;
in life, and cannot survive much longer; and, [
of course, other applicants cannot be put upon
the list without further action on the part of Con- !
gress. f hope, therefore, that this clause of the i
bill will not be stricken out, but that the sum re- '
ported by the Committee of Ways and Means ,
will be allowed to stand. J
Mr. VANSANT. I will withdraw my amend- !
ment to the amendment. I
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection to 1
the withdrawal of the amendment? i
No objection having been made, the amend- j
ment to the amendment was withdrawn. J
Mr. UPHAM. Will if be in order at this time
to address some remarks to the committee, with- j
out making a motion to base them on ? '
The CHAIRMAN, it will be necessary for ;
the gentleman to submit an amendment. j
Mr. UPHAM. I propose, then, to amend the i
amendment of the gentleman from Alabama, by !
inserting " five " in the place of " four."
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Da>is] regretted that lie was not
perfectly booked up on this subject. 1 am sorry
to have to evpress the same regret; but it is not a
new subject to me. I have endeavored to make
myself acquainted with it.
It seems, sir, that two per cent, was deducted
from the gross receipts from the ful^s of all prizes
taken by privateers in the war of 181'2, and that
that amount was solemnly pledged to invalid pri-
vateer pensioners. The sum thus raised, whi<*h I
believe was more t!ia.n $,2^0,000, was exhausted
in lflit. I am under an impression—and on that
point I shall be glad to be corrected by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, if 1
am wrong—I am under an impression that in
keeping the account with these invalid pensioners
interest was not allowed, and was not taken into
the account.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not able to state any-
thing in addition to what is contained in the letter
which has been read.
Mr. UPHAM. I think that the Government
of the country has been in the enjoyment of the
interest on this fund, and that it has not been taken
into the account.
It is true that but a very small number of these
venerable and gallant men remain—less than thirty
—and I ask this committee whether, at this mo-
ment, in the hour of the country's greatness, and
with an overflowing Treasury, you are prepared to
inflict the stigma upon the honor of this nation
which you will do if you withhold this pittance
from these heroic, and now aged, men?
Sir, } had the honor to present to this House a
petition from those of them still surviving in my
own immediate neighborhood. Some four or live
of the whole number are citizens of the place in
which I reside. The first name signed upon that
paper is the name of a man who, in command of
a privateer in the war of 1812, fought one of the
most desperate—perhaps, I might say, the most
gallant battles of the war. I allude to Captain Ben-
jamin Upton. He bore in his aged countenance
the scar of the wound that he received on that oc-
casion. That patriot has gone to his grave since
his name was attached to the petition which I
brought here with me.
Sir, the details of this subject are such that 1
am sure, if the committee could have them brought
to their minds and hearts, the patriotism and grat-
itude which glow in their breasts would compel
them to override all other considerations, and to
say that the country will be true until the last of
these gallant men has sunk into his grave—true to
the pledge which it so publicly and solemnlygave
in the hour of its danger and its need.
Mr. MILLSON. Yesterday the Houseagreed,
almost without a question, to the amendment made
by the Senate striking out the appropriation for the
payment of privateer pensions. Now, the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, in
order to conform to what seemed to be the judg-
ment of the Senate—what certainly was the senti-
ment of this House—proposes to strike from the
deficiency bill a similar appropriation. I confess
that I am in favor of the motion made by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and opposed to the amendment just now offered
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Up-
ham.]
I think that this payment of privateer pensions
is a matter of questionable propriety, under the
most favorable circumstances. How did the coun-
try originally become bound f >r the payment of
these pensions at all ? Why, sir, when these men,
who undertook to equip vessels at their own costs,
obtained permission from the Government of the
United States to appropriate to their own use all
prizes they might capture from the enemy, there
was a fund reserved—a very small fund, of two
per cent.,, for the purpose of constituting a pen-
sion fund for the payment of invalids. That fund
has now been exhausted. The Govei nment never
agreed to pay more than what might remain of
that fund. For several years past nothing has
been paid; and now the proposition is made to
pay these invalid privateersmen from the public
Treasury. What claim have they upon the Treas-
ury of the United States? These vessels were
equipped at their own cost; they were engaged
in their own private service, and not m the service
of the country. They engaged in privateering as
a matter of emolument; I do not say as a meie
matter of emolument, for I do not deny that sen-
timents of patriotism may have had something to
do with the determination of some of them.
I do mean to say, however, that they obtained
from the Government of the United States the
privilege of making captures from the enemy
for their own personal profit. No private citizen
has a right to take an enemy's property and ap-
propriate it to his own use. This principle has
been frequently the subject of adjudication by the
Supreme Court of the United States. All writers
on international law lay down the same doctrine.
Y&ttel and other publicist? ail agree that a man
cannot acquire a title to such property unless he
acts by the authority of his sovereign; and in the
Supreme Court of the United States, in the case of
Brown vs. the United States, and in the case of the
DosHermanos, Judge Marshall, giving the opinion
of the court, expressly decided that no private
citizen can acquire a title to property captured
by him from the enemy, except by the grant of
his country. It is for that reason that privateers
apply to the Government of the United States for
authority to make these captures. When they
obtain such authority, they make them for their
own emolument, and the proceeds go to their own
use.
But it must be recollected that very many dis-
tinguished public men*have for a long time doubted
the propriety of issuing commissions to these pri-
vate armed vessels at all.
Dr. Franklin was opposed to the wholesystem,
and succeeded m negotiating treaties with some of
the European powers, by which it was stipulated
that no privateers should be authorized by either
nation, in case of the breaking out of war. It seems
somewhat inconsistent, that while you will not
permit soldiers in war upon land to appropriate to
themselves the personal property belonging to an
enemy, you will commission private armed ves-
sels for the purpose of depredating upon private
property found at sea.
But apart from the question as to the abstract
propriety of the system of privateering, what ob-
ligation can there be resting upon the Govern-
ment of the United States to pay pensions to in-
valid privateersmen, who are not directly em-
ployed in the public service of the United States,
who engage in these pursuits for their own emol-
ument, and who are allowed by your laws to
apnly to their own use the captures made from-
the enemy. It seems to me that the Senate was
right, and that the House was right yesterday, in
agreeing so promptly to the amendment of the
Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment offeied by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. v
Mr. UPHAM. If there is no objection, I
withdraw the amendment.
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. SIvELTON. I propose to amend the amend-
ment by adding $100 to the amount
I entertain the opinion, Mr. Chairman, that if
there is any class of soldiers who have served the
United States deserving pensions, it is the class of
privateers who volunteer their services from the
ranks of private life. What proposition have we
hereto-day? We find that in the past we have
educated men as regular officers in the Navy and
Army of the United Slates. We take them in
their poverty and their boyhood and maintain and
make soldiers of them. We pay them in times of
peace for holding themselves in readiness—and
pay them large salaries, too. We pay them during
1 their life time, and in the course of time pension
; their widows.
Now, sir, I ask this committee if the men who
pursue their daily avocations m life, maintaining
themselves with industry and integrity in time of
peace, and who, in time of war, enter into the
contest in defense of their country, with little pros-
pect of gain, and in a cause where they endanger
their lives, are they less meritorious than the men
we educate and pay in time of peace for fighting
our battles? Why, sir, what is the history of the
last war, and what is the history of ^ravery
and patriotism of those privateers? Why, the
privateer service of the United States in the war
of 1812 accomplished more, and inflicted more
injury upon the enemy than the whole American
navy. And allow me to say, that in future wars,
when we want a naval defense for our country,
we shall have to depend mainly upon those com-
posing our merchant marine.
That is the arm of American defense that^ we
have to depend upon. Never will the American
nation consent to maintain such a Navy as Emr-
land France, and other Powers maintain. We
must depend in time of war upon the mercantile
marine. Shall we sav here to-day that we consider
the men who go forth in the hour of battle for the
defense of the"stars and stripes, from their daily
! avocations as merchantmen, and v.-hn, m time of
pc-ace, carry our commodities into every ocean —
lhatthey are pirates pursuing a vocation which is
so reprehensible> Why,sir, the Governmental
