1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1941
Mr. WALKER. I move to strike out of the
amendment reported from the committee the
words:
And a compensation at the rate of twenty five dollars
per diem shall  e allowed each of them for the lime ihey
were empiov ed, to be paid out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
That will leave the amendment a provision
simply to pay the expenses of these gentlemen,
and when they cannot produce their vouchers, that
their own certificate's may be taken for the item*?
of their expenses. I make this motion upon the
ground that, aside from their expenses, the Gov-
ernment was entitled to their time. If they had
remained at the points to which they were orig-
inally appointed, the Government would have been
entitled to their services. They spent no more
time in going on the special mission than they
would have spent in remaining. This provides
for allowing their expenses, and their own certifi-
cates are to be taken when they cannot produce
vouchers. Upon my amendment 1 simply ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. The committee were satisfied,
from the papers before them, and I dare say other
Senators would be satisfied, that these gentlemen,
being absent from the places to which they were
appointed to reside, and being obliged to continue
their establishments there, weie put to actual ex-
penses by their absence, and we thought we had
measured them a fair and just allowance in giving
them at the rate of an additional salary.
Mr. WALKER. Suppose there were expenses
incurred; can they not bring: them under the item
of expenses, and thus avoid precedent of giving
double compensation for the time spent in the ser-
vice of the country?
Mr. GWIN. In regard to the suggestion of
the Chairman of the Committeeon Finance, when
the charge was absent, were not his duties per-
formed by the secretary of legation, and did he
not receive at the rate of $4,500? ;
Mr. MASON. While he was absent the sec- ^
retary of legation was acting as charge ad interim; \
and the secretary has asked to be paid the differ-
ence between the salary of the one office and that !
of the other. The committee reported m his
favor.
The question was taken by yeas and nays; and
resulted—yeas 13, nays 30*, as follows: 1
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Badger, Bright, Dodge
of Wisconsin, FnzpaTick, Gillette, Tones of 'iYniie^ee, ,
Seba-rian, Toombs, Wade, Walker, and Williams—13. I
NAY-4—Messrs. Atchison, Hell, Benjamin, Brodhead,
Brown, Butler, Cooper, Dawson, JDndge ot Iowa, Evans, I
Fassendei). Fish, Foot, Geyer, Hamlin, Houston. HuiUei, 1
James, Maliory, Mason, I'ertit, Pratt, Rockwell, Ru^k, I
Shields, Slide!!, Thomson ofKentucky, Thomson of New j
Jersey, Toucey, and Wellcr—-JO. j
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the committee.
Mr. WADE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I do not wish
to consume the time of the Senate; but I desire to
say that J shall vote against this proposition, con-
sidering the amount proposed to be paid by it as
entirely inadequate. I have not heard the argu-
ments advanced in the case; but 1 merely wish to
say, that I understand Mr.Schenck was absent from
Brazil eighty-three days on his mission, and he !
traveled on that occasion four thousand eight hun- ■
dred miles, and was constantly engaged in arduous
labors, which resulted in the successful conclusion ,
of a treaty. It is proposed to pay him at the rate '
of $2,075 for that service. In the performance of
that service he was obliged to leave his house, in ■
which he had just established himself, and to pay
out of his own pocket more thon §.800, which -
leaves a balance of $1,200 for this service. On '
the second occasion he was absent ninety-five
days, during which time two treaties were nego-
tiated. It is proposed to pay him for that $2,375. j
He had to pay out of his own pocket for the care j
of his property during that time $380, leaving I
$1,895 for the making of these two treaties. That |
is $947 for each treaty. Now, sir, while he was \
negotiating one of these treaties, it became neces- |
sary to employ a clerk. I would remark here, ;
that for these expenses vouchers have bpen pro- I
duced to the State Department, but no allowance j
has be«n made. i
Mr. MASON, it is allowed by this amend-
ment.
Mr. PEARCE. Then he had to employ a
clerk for two weeks, whose expenses have been
paid at this Department, $1,000 for his services;
so that absolutely they have given the clerk who
was employed more money than is given to Mr.
Schenck for the time he was employed in making
the treaty.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 27, nays 17; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Bright, Brodhead,
Brown, Butler, Chase, Dawson, Dodge ot Wisconsin,
Dodge of Iowa, Evam->, Gillette, Houston, Hunter, James,
'j Jones oi Temiess-ee, Mallorv, Mason, Pettit, Pratt, Shields,
(i irhdell, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey,
ij Toucey, WV)iei,and Williams—27.
i [ IV A Yd—M>«s-rs. Badger, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Cooper,
I! Fessendon, Fi>h, Pitzpatnek, Foot, Gwin, Puaice, Rock-
i1 well,Rusk, Sebastian, Toombs, Wad*, and Walker—17.
if So the amendment was agreed to.
j Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the Com-
| mittee on Foreign Relations to offer the following
, | amendment:
j! Foi payment to Lieuton.int W. D. Porter, of the Navy
of the United States, the muii of $1,7-18 61, being for so
:: much money expended by lum fni expenses inclined in
;' bringing Amm hey, the Turkish envoy, and hi« attendants i
to the United States in the yeai 1850, at the request of the j
United Slates minister resident at Constantinople. ;
Mr. HUN TER. Is not that a private claim? \
Mr. MASON. An appropriation to Lieutenant !
Porter passed the Semite at the last session, and i
my impression is, upon an appropriation bill. It '
would seem at hist to be in the nature of a pri- j
vate claim; but His for expenses incurred by direc- !
tion of the minister at Constantinople, and it
seemed to us in the nature of current services of ,
the country. The expenses were really incurred
by the officer. The Government made an appro-
priation of $10,000 to pay the expenses of this
agent while iri the country, all of which I have
been told has been drawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
in the chair.) The Chair thinks thatthis amend-
ment is in order. It is brought forward by the'
order of a standing committee. The Chair is dis-
posed to entertain it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the chairman of the
committee it that was the cost of his passage here
in a public tdiip ?
i1 M-r* MASON". No, sir. Lieutenant Porter
i commanded one of the public ships, and he was
I requested by the minister to furnish a passage to
;j Amin Bey.
Mr. TOOMHS. I understand that. But did it
I! cost near $2,000 to bring him here?
II Mr. MASON. Lieutenant Porter received him
jj on board his ship as a guest, and provided for
him by having apartments put up in the ship for
: him. He provided for him and suite, entertained 1
; them, and-fed them all the way. itis shown that
I he incurred these actual expenses.
, Mr. TOOMBS. Did not the Government ap-
I' propnate $10,000 for the expenses of Amm Bey ?
I! Mr. MASON. The Go vernment appropriated
\ $10,000 to nay his expenses after he arrived in
, this country to enable him to travel about,
j Mr. HUNTER, ltseems to me that this is a
I private claim. T am compelled to raise the ques-
!1 tion.
;i The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
great doubt about it. He decided that it was m
order, but if the Senate thinks proper to overrule
the decision, the Chair is willing to submit the
question to fhem. The question of order, there-
fore, which is raised, will be submitted to the
Senate.
The question was put; and the Chair decided
that the decision of the Chair appeared to be
overruled.
Mr. BUTLER.
decision.
TljrfRESTDING OFFICER. The Senator i
from v'lrsjnia [Mr. Hunter] took an appeal. !
Mr. BUTLER. 1 do not think he did.
Mr. HUNTER. The President has the right i
to submit 1 ho question. I did not appeal, butl am !
glad the question has been submitted to the Sen- '
ate. i
I hope the sense of the Sen-
The Chair will
No appeal was taken from the
Mr. HUNTER.
ate will be taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER
put the question to the Senate.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was declared to be out of order.
Mr. M ASON. 1 have here a class of amend-
ments which the Committeeon Foreign Relations
have instructed me to offer. Reports have been
made in each case. They are to pay certain secre-
taries of legation at foreign courts the compensation
of charge d'affaires, while acting in that character,
in each instance we have ascertained, at the De-
partment of State, that the sevices were rendered,
1 believe the invariable practice of the Government
has been to make the allowance. The first one
that I offer is in the case of Mr. Sanford. In it
there is an allowance of the small sum of $1,170 63
additional for clerk hire, which he shows was
actually and necessarily paid by him while acting
as secretary of legation. The others are simply
for the difference m pay. I present them all as a
class.
Mr. GWIN. I raise the question whether
they are not private claims >
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the amendment.
The Secretary commenced to read:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
directed lo pay out of any money m the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated 
Mr. GWIN". The Secretary is reading that
from a printed slip. A part of u has been stricken
out. 1 should like to hear the whole of it-read.
The Secretary read " Senate bill No. 430."
Mr. GWIN. From what committee is it re-
ported ?
The Secretary continued to read:
"Mr. irom the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, submitted a report, accompanied by the following
lull:
c' July 22 recommitted to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
"July 2<l reported with an amendment, (to insert the words
printed in italics,) accompanied by A report.
"A bill for the lehef of Henry S. Sanford."
Mr. GWIN. That is it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.
will read the amendment, &c.
It was read, as follows :
That the Secretary of the Treasuiy be, and he is hereby,
directed to pay. out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appiopnated, to Henry t>. Sanford, late acting
charge d'affaires of ihe TJmfd States at Pans, the sum of
$•2,2*2:} 82, n btfine tin' amount of the difference between
the s.ilaty received by lum. as socretaryof legation at Pans,
fiom the 14ih day of May, 1353, lo the22d day of January,
18,34, and the -al.iry ol a charge d'dilaires for the same pe-
uod, together with the usual outfit of acharg6 d'affaite-?,
and lor necessary clerk hire paid by him while secretary of
legation at Paris, the iurllicr sum ot $1,170 63.
Mr. MASON. I ought to have stated that
that case was reported upon by the Senator from
Louisiana," [Mr. Slidbll,] from the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and it was not put into my
hands until just now by him, so that I did not
make the statement that it contained also an ap-
propriation for outfit, ond is distinguished in that
way from the others in the class which make pro-
vision only for the difference between the pay of
the secretary of legation and charge d'affaires.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to know whether it
is not a private claim?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of the opinion that it comes within the prohibi-
tion of the rule, and is, therefore, out of order.
Mr. MASON, The custom of the Senate at
least has been, in all other instances, to permitap-
propnations of this kind to be put upon the appro-
priation bills; and the reason by which they are
distinguished always is this: these gentlemen are
officers in thepublic service; they are discharging
other duties than those pertaining to their office,
for which no appropriation by law has been made;
and, heretofore, they have gone upon the appro-
pnation bills, it is the very case, I apprehend,
presented a little while ago by the Senator from
Delaware, in regard to the chief clerks in the De-
The Secretary
partment of State, while discharging the duties of
the office of Secretory of State. They were paid
„ . . . „ , , ,, the same salary by an appropriation on this bill.
Mi. BUTLER. It is fairly in order. Nobody jj If the Chair decides the amendment to be out of
is going to appeal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair en-
tertains doubt upon the subject, and he is willing
to refer the question to the Senate.
order, 1 must respectfully appeal from thedecision,
because I have a precedent in the case of the Sen-
ator from Delaware.
Mr. BADGER. The cases would be alike if
