1084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
the public lands, and that in the final determina-
tion of that question by this body,we are consid-
ering many of the principles laid down in the
message of the President, which I have read with
a great deal of interest, and for which I have very
great respect. Therefore, I repeat, that I do not
know whether the President will veto that bill or
not. I will not pretend to prejudge his action upon
it. I hope he will not; because I am in favor of
the bill, and I should be very sorry to see him veto
it; but whether he does or not, I want the opinion
of this body upon it.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe, in the history of the
acti n of the two Houses upon vetoes, it will not
be found that either House has ever postponed for
so long a neriod as is now proposed, a reconsider-
ation of a bill vetoed. It seems to me that justice
and courtesy to the President require that we
should pursue the course which has been usual in
regard to such matters. I am unwifbng to post-
pone it longer than next Monday. It is due to the
President that the question should be decided—
that we should proceed to its consideration at once.
1 shall, therefore, vote against any proposition to
postpone it to a later period than Monday next.
So far as the homestead bill i« concerned, the
honorable Senator from Illinois is right; the same
class of arguments will be used on the one as on
the other; and 1 trust., therefore, that the Senate
will not postpone this bill beyond Monday next,
i believe it will be found that, in eveiy case in
which a veto has been sent to the Semite, they
have not postponed it beyond the clay after it haw
been sent in.
Mr. CHASE. The Senator from Virginia has
anticipated what I was about to say. There lias
been no instance, I believe, in the history of the
Government, in which the consideration of a bill
returned by the President with his objections, has
been postponed for any considerable period. In
the instances which have fallen under my notice,
the Senate, or the House to which the lull has
been returned, has proceeded immediately to the
consideration of the bill returned with the objec-
tions of the President. The Constitution seemV? to
prescribe that courxe. It directs that the House
to which the bill is returned Khali proceed to the
consideration of the biil, after the message has
been received, and entered on the Journal. The
message is considered by the usage of both
Houses as spread upon the Journal whenever it is
received; and hence, without delay, in a majority
of instances, I believe, the House to which the
bill has been ieturned,has proceeded at once to its
consideration.
There have been, I believe, however, instances
in which )t has been proposed to assign a certain
day for the consideiation of the bill. It is not
the message which is usually assigned for consid-
eration, but the bill returned with the objections i
of the President. With the consent, therefore, of
the Senatoi from California, I piopose to submit j
a resolution that next be assigned for \
the consideration of the hill (giving its title) ic- j
turned by the President with his objections. Ju j
submitting this resolution, 1 do not propose to
indicate any opinion upon the merits of the bill.
I voted for it. It has been relumed by the Pres-
ident with his objections, and m my opinion it js
the duty of the Senate, and of each Senator, to
give a careful and thorough consideration to those
objections, and afterwards to act as his own
judgment dictates,
Mr. JJA YA [ID. [ had intended to submit a
resolution similar to that indicated by (In- honor-
able Senator from Ohio, and which, I think, is
justified by both the piactice of the (Government
and the inference which may be drawn from the
language of the Constitution. Yesterday, whm
this question came before the Senate, after the
reading of the message, the fiis' motion made was,
that it be ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
That was agreed to. The motion was then made
by the honoi&ble Senator fiom Virginia [Mr.
Hunter] to print ten thousand extra copies. On
that motion a debate arose that went into the
merits of the message, and had scarcely the
slightest connection with the consideration of the
propriety of making the order to print an extra I
number of copies of a public document of high
importance, emanating from the Executive of the !
United States, and intended for the information of !
the people of the country, a -• well as of the Senate '
of the United £>ta*c.*
I had intended, under the practice of the Gov-
ernment, and it seems to me in accordance with
the direction of the Constitution, to submit a
motion similar to that of the honorable Senator
from Ohio, assigning Monday next for the recon-
I sideration of this bill, giving its title in the resolu-
| tion, to which the President has returned to the
| Senate his objections. The language of the Con-
I stitution requires, that when the President does
; object to a bill, he shall specify his objections, and
j return it to the body in which it originated, which
j shall proceed to consider the same; and, in regard
! to the practice of Congress under that provision,
• I will give two instances, taken at different periods,
! to show what the course has been.
j The first veto message was that of General
| Washington in 1792, and on that occasion, im-
1 mediately after the reading of the message, the 1
, order was entered: j
| uRefolded, That to-mot row he a<su ueil tor the consider- [
I anon of the bill to winch the objections apply." (
j In lt$32j when the veto message of General
i Jackson camc in, as to the bank bill, on the mo- j
! tion of Mr. Webster, the following day—" to- !
j moirow"—was assigned for the consideration of j
! the bill which the President had sent in, with his
j objections. That has been the usual course, 1
i believe, with, perhaps, a single exception. 1 be- ■
| heve there is one solitary exception, m which the
j consideration of the objections made by thePres- .
ident of the United Stales to the bill, was post- ;
iponed further than the following day. j
It seems to me, as to-morrow is private-bill ;
: day, that there will be no impropriety in assign- j
i mg Monday next for the consideration of this j
| bill; but that there ought to be an early day fixed, 1
appears from the very character of the business.
' The act has been passed by both Houses of Con- ,
1 gress. It stands m such a condition that it can-
not become a law unless two thirds of both
Houses, after hearing the President's objections,
, agree to its passage. The language of the Con- ,
1 stitution seems to require that the message should 1
. be considered, and disposed of before going into
other legislation, and at as eaily a day as practi-
j cable. I therefore hope, m accordance with the
j! previous piactice of Congress, in times quite as 1
'! exciting as regards political questions as the pres-
|; ent, when, no matter how the majority stood,
; they always proceeded on the succeeding day to
!, the consideration of the subject-matter on which
! the President presented himself as differing from
I the two Houses of Congress on cauhnal ques-
j, tions connected with the construction of the Fed-
|! era! Constitution, that we will pursue that course
! now, because the questions involved in this mes-
sage are questions of principle.
! Gentlemen may draw dilferent inferences from
the language of the message; they may suppose
. that the President would veto one bill, and not
another. Ail that may be so; but a lull discussion
I of the doctrines of the Constitution, of the provis-
i ions of the Constitution, must necessarily come
up in the discussion of this* message. They must
, come up in such a shape now. Fortunately, they
must go before the people of the United States
I They must be made an issue before the people of
the United States, on all particular projects which
gentlemen have, no matter how important they
may be, whether homestead bills, or Pacific rail-
road bilks, or other railroad lulls. They all sink
j into insignificance when looked upon m compar-
; ison with the general principle which covers the
: whole. Under the uniform practice of the Gov-
ernment, and the language of the Con> titution, it
would seem to require that there should he an im-
mediate consideration of the bill returned, with the
objections of the President; so that 1 hope a later
day than Monday next will not be fixed by the
l Senate for the purpose of its consideration.
i do not mean, for one moment, to go into a dis-
cussion now of the principles involved in tlus
measuie. The time to do sowili be when the day
assigned for the consideration of the bill arrives;
and surely the practice of the Government requires
that an early day should be assigned. I prefer
the form of my own resolution to that of the hon-
oiable Senator from Ohio; but it is very imma-
terial Both, I believe, assign Monday next as
the day fur proceeding to the consideration of the
objections ol the Pi cedent to the bill which has
been passed by Congress. In doing that. I have I
followed she precedents as i have found them
existing in the history of congressional proceed- !
ings. I hove followed that, in the first instance, of
a veto by the President, and also the case which
happened after the lapse of some forty years.
These proceedings cover the case now before us,
and should govern the action of the Senate upon it.
Mr. CHASE. I ask that my resolution as it
now stands be read.
Mr. BADGER. What is the motion before
the Senate?
The PRESIDENT. The pending question is
on the motion made by the Senator from Califor-
nia, to postpone the consideration of the subject
until Monday week.
Mr. CHASE. I ask the Senator from Califor-
nia to accept the resolution which I send to the
chair, and I ask that it may be read. The resolu-
tion is as follows:
Resolved, Thai Monday next he assumed for the con-
sideration of the hill entitled "An act making a grant of
public lands to the several StatCh of the ITmou loi lite ben-
efit of indigent insane retained by the President,
with his objections.
Mr. BRODIIEAD. 1 desire to suggest to the
Senate that we either take a vote now on this bill, •
and let the discussion come up upon the homestead
bill, or postpone it for two weeks. Why, sir,
there is very little discussion to be had upon this
bill. We considered it before we sent it to the
Piesident. Weconsideied it yesterday. Several
gentlemen discussed it at considerable length.
Many of the reasons given in the message operate
against the homestead bill. I know that there are
several Senatois who desire to discuss our hind
policy; but their remarks can as well be made on
the homestead bill. I therefore suggest that, by
common consent, we take the vote now, or post-
pone it to the time indicated by the Senator from
California.
Mr. WALKER. I was much gratified by the
suggestions and remarks of the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Shields.] He seemed to propound
1 the question to me, whether I believe the time be-
! tween now and next Monday week sufficient for
| the disposition of the homestead bill. My im-
pression is that it is not a sufficient time. 1 agree
' with him that we should postpone the considera-
tion of the bill returned by the President until
i after we shall have considered the homestead bill;
! and, assuming the time up to next Monday week
to be insufficient for the consideration of the
! homestead bill, I should be pleased, for one, to
' see this biil postponed until the Monday following
I that, so as to be two weeks from Monday next.
! I cannot appreciate the argument that is used,
| that we are showing a greater amount of respect
I to the President, by hastily proceeding to the con-
1 sideration of his message, than by postponing it
i to a future day, and giving gentlemen time to re-
1 fleet on it, and to make up their minds and argu-
' ments for or against the message. { do not think
that the early consideration of this matter involves
any very giave consideration; any great import-
, ance. Why, will not the matter be as well con-
sideied two weeks from next Monday as to-mor-
row ? If gentlemen take time to reflect, and to
consider for themselves—to makeup their minds
and their arguments—the probability is, that it
would be considered better at a future day than
to-morrow. In the mean time, we can take up this
kindred subject—the homestead bill—mentioned
by the Senator from Illinois. Theieare many
Senatois heie who,foi quitea number of sessions,
have been very anxious to get that matter to some-
thing like a final vote in the Senate; and they
have been, as often as they manifested that desire,
put oil", and the bill postponed, in consequence
of something else before the Senate which was
deemed of greater importance by the body; and it
does seem that this subject is the most unfortunate
one that can possibly be mentioned in the Senate.
I have known gentlemen who, at the present ses-
sion of Congress, have manifested the greatest
anxiety for the consideration of the homestead bill,
and the greatest anxiety for its passage, who were
the most marked, apparently, in their determina-
tion, on all previous occasions, to postpone it to
whatever came up. Some have always preferred
propositions to grant land warrants to soldiers;
others prefer railroad bills; others this thing, and
others that; and everlastingly it seems that the
consideration of the homestead bill must be post-
poned. Now, we have this message. It is con-
ceded that the discussion upon it can about as
well come upon the homestead bill. Then, I in-
