874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
thorized their employment, accepted their services,
and received the benefit accruing therefrom. The
American flag was maintained with greater valor
and with more efficiency by the privateer service
than by the whole naval service of the United
States. While we are in time of peace sustaining
a Navy—and our old worn-out officers, some of
them unqualified from performing their duties—
at an expense of nearly $10,000,000 a year, we
have a very efficient maritime force not only
maintaining itself, and adding to the wealth and
prosperity of the country, but ready in time of
war to enter into combat with the proudest nation
upon the face of the globe. I hope for the sake of
humanity that the section now under consideration
will'not be stricken out.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, and I desire to give a vote upon the original
proposition.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to make but a very few
remarks in reference to this matter. The Commit-
tee of Ways and Means were rather balanced in
their opinion upon this subject, but upon the whole
were inclined to make thia appropriation. They
recommended placing this appropriation in the de-
ficiency bill; and for the purpose of keeping them-
selves consistent, they also placed an appropri-
ation for the coming fiscal year in the general
Eension appropriation bill. That bill was passed
y the House, went to the Senate, but that body,
in a spirit of economy which seems suddenly to
have come over them, struck the appropriation in
question out of the bill. It came back here, and
this House unanimously concurred with the action
of the Senate in that particular. Where do we
stand now? We stand directly here: Withmthe
last five years we have enacted by law a provision
which declares in effect that we are opposed to
this appropriation. The question comes back, shall
we give it in this deficiency bill for all the time
until the 1st of July next? To be consistent, we
should refuse it here. I would rather, and the
Committee of Ways and Means would rather
have given it; but the House has acted upon the
subject, and refused to make this appropriation,
commencing with the 1st of July next.
I have made this explanation, so that we may
understand precisely where we are. The bill
proposes what may be thought to be asking too
much; and to remain consistent, we should strike
this appiopriation out, and make our legislation
correspond with that of yesterday. But it is a mat-
ter of indifference to me whether it is retained or
stricken out.
Mr. VANSANT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether, if this provision of the bill be re-
tained, it is not competent under the rules of the
House to reconsider the provision stricken out by
the i foiise, and so make our action consistentJ
The CHAIRMAN. No further discussion is
in order.
Mr. SKELTON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island. Is it, in order
to speak upon the amendment now pending ?
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to ask another question.
Is it in order to move to insert here the provision
heretofore stricken out by the House >
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can move
to increase the appropriation by any «um he
pleases.
Mr. DAVIS. What I wanted to know was
whether, in order to make the action of the House !
consistent, it would be m order to move to insert
in this bill the provision which was stricken out !
of another hill by the House yesterday ? j
The CHAIRMAN. Itw'iil be in order for the j
gentleman to move to amend by increasing or ;
diminishing the appropriation to any amount he j
may propose. j
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, for the purpose of!
making a single remark upon the subject, I move i
to increase the appropriation one dollar. |
I will only say that when these pensions have I
been paid to these people, but a srnal! amount of |
funds will have been taken out of the National I
Treasury; and it seems to me that it would be I
extremely hard to cot them oO at this time—much i
harder than if they had never been paid them at
ail. When tin* Goievnment has om-p adopted a ;!
praotiec, und continued it for a series yc-ais, they
should not depart from it Vvithou'
very good 1
reasons. Now, these are men, most of them,
whose very life depends upon receiving this pen-
sion, and, in this point of view, I think it is of great
importance that this appropriation should be made.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Millson]
has alluded to the morality of the matter. Well,
sir, we are not here to decide that question. The
courts have settled that. 1 know that the courts
have decided that privateering is not a lawful mode
of warfare, and that a law has been passed to that
effect; but privateering did exist for a long series
of years, and was not objected to by the Govern-
ment when these persons were engaged in it; and
it seems to me that the humanity of the House,
thafa sense of justice, will impel them to grant
these pensions, it will be much harder for these
men, if you deprive them of this means of subsist-
ence now, than if you had never given it to them
at all. It is not a question of granting it originally
—we have passed that point—but it is whether
you wili discontinue a practice which has been
continued for a long series of years.
Mr. HOUSTON. An argument was made by
one gentleman, awhile ago, to the effect that it was
intended to base this claim upon the ground that
a fund still remained, out of which the payment
could be made. But it turned out, upon reading
the remainder of the letter, that the appropriation
was made in the same manner in which it is now
proposed to make it for six or seven years after
the fund was exhausted. Another gentleman
urges the claim upon precisely the opposite
grounds, that, inasmuch as the appropriation has
been continued for several years beyond the time
when the fund was exhausted, it ought, therefore,
still to be continued. Now these two arguments
will not stand together. It is true the fund was
exhausted m 1844, but that the appropriation con-
tinued to be made until 1850.
13ut since that time there have been no appropria-
tions made. On one or two occasions the House
passed an appropriation for this purpose, but the
Senate rejected it, and the House concurred mthe
action of the Senate.
I have made this motion upon my own indi-
vidual responsibility, without consulting the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means; and as the facts of
the case have been very correctly stated by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven,] in the
few remarks which he has submitted to the com-
mittee, 1 do not wish to consume further time.
1 am anxious to get along with the bill, and 1
therefore ask for a vote upon the proposition.
The question was then put on Mr. Davis's
amendment to the amendment; and it was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Houston's
amendment, and being put, it was decided in the
negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ORR. I am instructed by the Committee
on Indian Allans to offer the iollowing amend-
ment:
For general incidental expenses in the Indian service m
NcwMcmco, lor the pr<^<'nt fiscal year, $15,000, to be ex-
pended under the direction of tile Secretary ol the lnterioi.
The Commissioner of Indian Affairs asks that
this appropriation may be made. The necessity
for it is created by the fact that at the last session
of Congress the estimates, which were for
^-20,000, were cut down to $10,000, and this sum
is required to be expended between now and the
3Uih of June.
The Indians in New Mexico arc in a very des-
titute condition—almost starving—and the agents
are compelled literally to purchase their peace with
the Indiana by furnishing them with food, presents,
and things of that sort. This appropriation is
necessary far that purpose. Of course, if a less
sum than $15,000 is required, the whole of this
appropriation will not be expended. I hope there
will be no objection to the amendment.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. CRA1GE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds to offer
the following amendment:
For President's house and pounds,forfuel for President's
hous-p, and lor iron fence5:, ^''3,800.
For irp.nis of the Capitol, and improving the grounds
aiound if.
For H'p'ui-* of watoi-pipes £^00.
To p,i\ i«vo d«iu\ keeper-? on the Lon? Bridae up to July
t, lf>\. i !!!0.
F<u tr.'ts, tiee-boxe>, and r< pairs of pavement, .>'500.
t\<i* lan'pd and lamp pott^ on Pennsylvania avenue be-
tween 17th street and Georgetown, and between the Capitol
and the navy-yard, $1,200.
For completing the pedestal and inclosure of the eques-
trian statue of Andrew Jackson, $500.
That amendment lias been prepared according
to the estimates furnished by the Commissioner
of Public Buildings and Grounds. The committee
have given it a careful examination, and believe it
to be correct.
The question was taken upon the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN proposed the following amend-
ment:
For paying William Jrvin $695, for service as aetmaSu-
penntenderit of the Seventh Census, for five months from
the 30th of May, 1851.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would ask the Chairman
whether that is not a private claim, and out of
order in this bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that it is a private claim, and therefore not in
order in a general appropriation bill.
Mr. MORGAN. I was informed by some of
the members of the committee that this was the
proper place to submit the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that it is a private claim. If the gentleman
withdraws it, the Chair will give it further consid-
eration.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I move the
following amendment:
To complete the construction of the maiine hospital at
Vicksburgj ;ft5u,uu0.
Mr. HOUSTON. That amendment has been
decided to be out of order. I again make the
point of order on it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decided the
amendment to be in order, but the committee
overruled that decision. The Chair now decides,
in conformity with the vote of the committee,
that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. PERKINS. I understood that the com-
mittee decided that an amendment somewhat simi-
lar to this, appropriating $55,000, was notin order.
This amendment is differently worded, and for a
different amount, although it may be for somewhat
the same purpose.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair presumes that
the committee did not act aa it did on account of
the amount, but on some principle connected with
the subject. The amendment was decided to be
out of order as not being for a deficiency, but be-
longing properly to the general appropriation bill,
for which the estimate was made, and which is to
come up shortly. The Chair is compelled,under
the former decision of the committee, to decide
the amendment out of order.
Mr. PERKINS. "Would it be in order for me,
Mr. Chairman, to state the reasons why this is a
different proposition ftom the previous one?
The CHAir^MAN. It would not be in order;
but the Chair will hear the gentleman. ■
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I insist on the
Chair's proceeding in order.
Mr. PERKINS. It is from a sense of duty
that I introduce this amendment; and, as was the
| case with the Delegate from Oregon, [Mr. Lane,]
I I am satisfied that the commilteedo not understand
the proposition upon which they are to act. I
I should like, m a few words, to place the question
in the light in which I think it will be regarded by
the committee when they come to understand it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the gentleman that debate is not in order. The
; gentleman is at liberty to state any facts.
Mr. PERKINS. The fact I wish to state is
this 
Mr. JONES. 1 submit that debate is not in
order.
' The CHAIRMAN. So the Chair has decided.
! Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I take an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair; and I desire,
as 1 have the right, to state the ground of that ap-
j peal.
| Mr. JONES. I raise the question of order, that
, the appeal is not debatable. Stating facts is de-
I bate; and now all debate is terminated, except
! on amendments.
Mr. STANTON. I have a right to state my
: position.
1 The CHAIRMAN.
The gentleman has the
