THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
this were an appropriation to carry out the pro-
vision or'an existing law—if there was a law which
entitled the p^irty to receive the compensation, and
he had not received it.
Mr. MASON. • It strikes me the cases are pre-
cisely alike in this. There is no law to pay a
chief clerk in the Department of State the salary
of the Secretary of State while he acts as such.
Mr. BADGER. There is the mistake of the
Senator. * •
Mr. MASON. I yield if I am mistaken. I had
supposed that there was none, or that it would not
have been necessary to come here for a special act.
Mr. BADGER. The act of 1793 authorizes
the President to make these appointments of act-
ing officers, and the custom of the Government
for years has always been to pay them as a mat-
ter of course; but they come to Congress when
the money has not been appropriated.
Mr. MASON. I was not aware of that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the appeal.
Mr. MASON. I withdraw it.
Mr. SLI DELL. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from North Carolina how he distinguishes
this case, to which he now objects, from the one
'which he so earnestly advocated of Schenck and
Pendieton.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inform the Senator from Louisiana that
there is no question now before the Senate.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the Senator will an-
swer the question.
Mr." BADGER. I will say to the Senator from
Louisiana that 1 expressed no views upon that
subject—none at all. When I came into the
Senate to attend to what was going on, 1 found
that case before the body, and under discussion.
No question had oeen raised as to'its "being in
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the next amendment.
Mr. MASON. The rest are of the same char-
acter, and of course must fall with the one which
has been read. I have another amendment which
I am instructed by the Committee on Foreign
Relations to offer, to increase the salaries of the
Ministers to Great Britain and France to the sum
of $15,000 per annum, and to discontinue the out-
fit. 1 had it drawn up here, but it has been mis-
laid. I will write it out again.
Mr. BRIGHT. While "the Senator is preparing
his amendment, I have a small one to offer from
the Committee on Finance. It is to insert:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay for two
hundred and twenty feet and live inches of jjramtp coping
u<ed in the improvement of the trmnyul.ir square at the
corner of 13th street and Pennsylvania avenue, §515 47.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I offer the following amend-
ment to come after the appropriation for the sal-
aries of the ministers to the two courts men-
tioned:
Provided, That the salaries of the Minivers to Great
k'v Biitainand France, shall be hereafter, to each, at the iate
of$l,'.,0UU per annum, and that the outfits to tliose missions
be iM-reaiter discontinued.
Mr. SHIELDS. I ask the honorable Senator
why deny the outfit? Why not leave it just as it
is?
Mr. MASON. At the last session the Senate
put upon the appropriation bill a provision making
the salary §15,000 a year for the Ministers to the
four courts of Great Britain, France, Spain, and
Russia. The House disagreed to it; and it was
lost. It was thought absolutely necessary, by the
Committee on Foreign Relations, that the salaries
of the ministers to these two Governments*, at least,
should be increased, and, at the same time, that
the outfit should be discontinued. The policy in
discontinuing the outfit, as I understood it, was
that it would induce ministers to remain during
the full term of four years, for which they are
usually sent—during one Administration—and
that during the four years the increased salary
would largely overgo the existing salary with the
ouifit.
Mr. PRATT. The manifest effect and oper-
ation of this amendment would be to discriminate
between the present incumbents and all others
who should hold similar offices hereafter. Those
gentlemen now holding: the positions, have re-
ceived the outfit of &9,000, and they are to receive
in fldcJuinn to that outfit $15,GftO, instead of #9,000
a year for tfep future. It' they were to resign to-
morrow, and some other citizen should be sent to
fill their place, he would be entitled to fl5,000 per
annum, and would be entitled to no outfit. Now,
I am decidedly in favor of increasing the salaries
of aH these officeis. This, however, does not in-
crease, but, on the contrary, diminishes the salary,
except to the present incumbents. Now, any
party receiving an original appointment, would
receive the first year $18,000. By the amendment
he would only receive $15,000. It therefore does
not increase the salary of those hereafter to be ap-
pointed. It rather diminishes their emoluments
and fees, and is confined exclusively forthe benefit
of those now in office.
Mr. MASON. Undoubtedly it will discrim-
inate between those now in office and those here-
after to be appointed; but you cannot well change
the salaries without discriminating between the
predecessors and their successors in ofece.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator corresponds in
opinion with me as I understand. Then his object
can be effected by stnkiug out the latter part of
the amendment, so that it will increase the salaries
to $15,000, and leave the outfit as it is. That will
leave the successors of the present incumbents en-
titled to the outfit. I do not desire to discriminate
between them. There is no necessity for it; be-
cause, by striking out the latter part of the amend-
ment, you accomplish the very object which the
Senator professes to desire to obtain, and put all
others upon the same footing with those, giving
them a salary of $15,000 and the outfit.
Mr. MASON. The object of the committee
was to discontinue the outfit where they increased
the salary. The latter part is prospective, and
applies to the present and all future ministers. If
you strike it out, you will leave the outfit with the
additional salary. 1 should have no objection to
that, but 1 am afraid it could not be carried else-
where.
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not wish to raise any
objection here, but I merely suggest, for the con-
sideration of the honorable Senator from Virginia,
that this outfit is necessary. No one, unless a
wealthy citizen, could appear at either of those
courts without the aid of the outfit. I think de-
priving them of it would have an injurious effect;
and I concur, therefore, with the Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. MASON. Probably the Senator did not
hear what 1 said just now, that, at the last ses-
sion, we proposed to increase those salaries to
$15,000, leaving the outfit as it stands. The
House disagreed to it. We do not legislate alone;
we legislate in union with the other branch; and
the probability is, that if we continue the outfit,
the House will again disagree to it, and 1 should
rather take half a loaf than no bread.
Mr. FISH. I think the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations omits to state that the
increase of salary at that time embraced the min-
isters to two other courts, Spain and Russia. It
was probably on account of their being connected
that the House did not conceive the necessity for
the increase to exist, and they may on that ac-
count have disagreed to the amendment, but may
not object to increase the salaries of the Ministers
to England and France.
Mr. MASON. I will modify my amendment
by striking out the last clause.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 trust the chairman of the
committee will not do that. If he does, I shall
be obliged to vote against the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Chair
undeista.nd the Senator from Virginia to make that
modification in the amendment?
Mr. MASON. It seems to be so generally un-
acceptable to discontinue the outfit, that, not to
detain the Senate, I propose to modify it by strik-
ing out the words, "and the outfit appropriated
by law to those missions shall be henceforward
discontinued." ^
Mr. SLIDELL. I move to reinstate tnSPpro-
vision which the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations has stricken out; and I wish to
state very briefly the reasons which induced me
to do so. The Committee on Foreign Relations
thought that it was very desirable to hold out
inducements to ministers to remain for as long a
period as possible at their posts. They wished
to avoid the temptation which is found in many
instances, to induce persons to accept appoint-
ments, receive the outfit, go abroad, and remain
for so limited a time that really they can be of no
use to the Government. The 'amount which
would begiven to these ministersujigerthe amend-
ment of the committee, if theyjHaained abroad
four years, would be $60,OOQ§Proi)der the old
system they would have receivedljptflOO as salary
and $9,000 outfit; that would be $45,Q00. The
honorable Senator from Maryland has said that
the amendment, if adopted in the form in which it
was originally presented by the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, would be unjust
and unequal in its operation. It would be so, but
to a much more limited extent than he supposes.
I will take the case of the present incumbent at
London. He was appointed, if 1 mistake not, in
the month of April of last year. He received his
outfit; but under the provision of the amendment,
as I desire it shall stand, and elfe originally offered
by the chairman of the committee, he will have
received, during theperiod of some fifteen months,
$6,000 less salary than is proposed to be given to
the minister hereafter appointed to either of these
courts. That would make a difference in the
compensation. He would receive, supposing this
amendment to be adopted, and the salary be not
changed by any future Congress, less in the form
of salary, by $7,500, than his successor would
receive, while he would have received $9,000 more
in the way of outfit; so that the whole difference
reduces itself to the sum of $1,500, neither more
nor less.
In legislating for the future, I do not know that
we are obliged to have any particular reference to
the past. It seems to me, with all respect, that
there is nothing in the argument of the Senator
from Maryland but this: that he objects that if
this provision be adopted, the present minister to
London will be compelled to remain abroad four
years to receive $15,000 more than his successors.
As regards the question of outfit, I do not think,
Mr. President, that outfits are at all necessary.
As a general rule, I would say they are not neces-
sary. A minister going to London or Paris may
be under the necessity of expending money to
prepare himself; but, as I understand, it is now
customary to pay in advance a certain portion of
the salaries of the ministers in addition to the outfit.
That proportion depends upon the discretion of
the Department. A minister going abroad with
a salary of $15,000 may receive six months* salary
in advance. My great objection to the system of
outfits, I repeat, is, that it holds out inducements
for men to go abroad for the mere purpose of job-
bing. I think it is a vital error in our system,
and I wish to get rid of it altogether. When the
opportunity arrives, I shall feel disposed to make
an effort generally to get rid of it, and to make
whatever increase may be necessary in the sala-
ries.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. GWIN called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 18, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Butler, Chase, Clayton, Cooper,
Fitzpatrick, Foot, Gillette, James, Pearce, Pettit, Rock-
well, Rusk, Sebastian, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky,
Toombs, ami Wade—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Boll,
Benjamin, Brodhead, Brown, Dawson, Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Dodge of Iowa, Douslas, Fessenden, Fish, Geyer,
Gvvin, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter. Johnson, Mallory, Ma-
son, Pratt, Shield^, Slidell, Thomson of New Jersey, Tou-
cey, Walkei, Weller, and Williams— 30.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Louisi-
ana to insert in the amendment of the committee
the following words:
And the outfit appropriated by law to those missions shall
be henceforward discontinued.
The question was then taken; and the Presiding
Officer declared it to be rejected.
Mr. SLIDELL called for the yeas and nays;
but they were not ordered.
Mr. MASON. I have found that, probably
by the construction under the existing law, the
amendment which 1 have offered, as it stands,
may entitle these ministers to a full year's salary
and outfit, so that they will receive a salary of
$15,000, and an outfit of $15,000. To avoid that
construction, i propose to modify it by adding
the following:
The outfit to each not*o exceed the sum of $9,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment as modified.
