1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
very well, because I want to vote on this bill, and I
intend to be here, but I may not be here two weeks
hence. Or, I am willing to take up the subject
now, and proceed to act upon it at once.
Several Senators. Say Monday.
Mr. 6WIN. I am opposed to taking up the
message on next Monday, because I wished to
have the coming week devoted to another subject,
which I think is of more importance than this.
My object is to have action upon the Pacific rail-
road bill during the ensuing week. I am willing,
however, to take up this veto message now, and
act upon it immediately, or I am willing to agree
that it shall be postponed to Monday week, or
even to two weeks from to day, though i prefer
Monday week for the reason that 1 shall be here
then, while I may not be here two weeks hence.
I am anxious that the other question to which I
have alluded shall be disposed of. That, certainly,
is not affected by this veto, because the message
approves the principle of donating lands for ldil-
road purposes. 1 refer to the Pacific railroad bill
which is under my charge. That bill has been
before the Senate for a long time, and it is abso-
lutely important to me that I should have early
action on it.
I am ready to vote on the veto message now; J
am prepared to act on it now, as much so as I shall
be on Monday next. 1 piesume that no discus-
sion can take place upon it which will change a
single vote here. We all know how we are going
to vote now as well as we shall know hereafter.
The very speeches that will be made on it can as
well be made on the homestead bill when that
comes up. I am anxious toprogress with business;
but I fear that if this subject be postponed until
next Monday, it will become the political question
of this session, and there is no telling when it will
be decided. It will be mixed up with other ques-
tions, and thus business will be delayed. 1 am
anxious to have it acted upon now, or to have it
postponed, so as to give us longer time, in order
to dispose of other important business.
Mr. SHIELDS- The Senator from California,
I understand, has accepted the resolution of the
Senator from Ohio, leaving the day blank.
Mr. CHASE. I have no objection to modify
it, so as to leave the day blank. That is accepted
by the Senator from California.
Mr. SHIELDS. 71lien, [ move to fill the
blank by inserting Monday, the 22d instant—two
weeks from next Monday.
Mr. BELL. 1 should like to know from the
Senator from Illinois, what is his specific object m
moving this long postponement? is it merely to
take up and discuss the homestead bill, and pass
it, if the Senate shall think pioper to pass it? Is it
proposed to postpone the consideration of the bill
granting lands for the indigent insane, which the
President has returned with his objections, for
the purpose of ascertaining from ifie President
himself, by his approval or veto of the homestead
bill, what are his views of it? is this postpone-
ment asked, in order that we may know what the
opinion of the President is upon the homestead
bill, before we proceed to reconsider the bill grant-
ing lands for the indigent itisane? If that be the
object, I have to suggest, that when the homestead
bill comes up for consideration, it will most proba-
bly be pretty fully discussed in this body, and other
business will be inlei veiling occasionally, so that
we cannot look for a final vote of the Senate on
that bill in less than ten or twelve days after it is
taken up. Then, suppose it should pass litis body
without amendment, and be sent to the Presi-
dent in the shape in which it came from the
House; he then would have ten days within
which to approve it, or return it with Jus objec-
tions^f he should think proper to ptusue that
course. That w> uld oany us beyond the period
now proposed to be fixed for the consideration of
the bill immediately before us.
Again, if the Senate should think it expedient,
a3 it is very likely they will, to make amend-
ments to the homestead bill, those amendments
will have to be transmitted to the other House for
concurrence or rejection. This will probably
delay the bill some days longer; how long I do ■
not know. I consider, therefore, a postponement
0/ the whole subject for two weeks not likely to 'i
answer the purpose of asc«gtaining the sentiments ^
of the Executive m relation to the homestead bill j;
in other words, we shall be just as much in the I
, dark two weeks hence in regard to what are
i intended to be the principles asserted by the mes-
( sage, or what limitations are intended to be ex-
, tended in practice to the general principles laid
i down, as we are now. I am willing to agree to
! any postponement which gentlemen may consider
. neeessaiyfor the purpose of ascertaining the sen-
| timents of the Executive, let it be for three or
j four weeks if necessary.
I These are considerations which I think are en-
- titled to great weight now,before we proceed to
! fix a day when it is probable that we shall not
; attain the object intended in the mean time. If the
j intention is to ascertain whether the principles
i announced in the message are meant to be applied
j to the homestead bill, by a response from the
I President to our action on that bill, I am willing;
I to postpone the consideration of this subject until
j that time shall arrive.
! Mr CLAYTON. Mr. President, I am under
| a stiong impiession that the ancient practice of the
j Senate was, when a veto message came in upon
j a bill originating here, to proceed at once to the
j consideration of the subject, and to continue that
j consideration from day to day until the question
, should be settlea. I do nut mean to fay by this
| that no sort of business whatever possibly could
I intervene. Something indispensably necessary
, might be occasionally token up. JUit theimpies-
: sion which i have is, that the course which I have
stated, has been the usual habit of the Senate
Certainly, if it has been, it must have originated
from the inipiession derived from the words of
the Constitution, that you shall enter the message
on the Senate's Journal, and then proceed to the
consideration of it as a matter entitled, in conse-
quence of Us importance, to priority over other
| measures. I know very well the language of the
• Constitution will admit of a diilereruconstruction;
i but still, I think that a plain man, reading the
, Constitution as it stands, would be inclined to
the impression that it is the duty of the Mouse to
which a veto message maybe transmitted, after
entering it on its Journal, to proceed at once to its
consideration, and certainly to do so within a
reasonable time. 1 think this has been the uni-
form practice. Now, sir, in the case rcfeired to
by the honorable Senator from North Carolina, 1
take it for granted, from what he read from the
Journal, that there was a debate on that veto mes-
jj sage, as there has been on all veto messages that
11 I ever heard of here, and of course it was post-
' poneri from day to day.
; Mr. BADGER. The Senator will allow me to
j say, that there never was one word of debate upon
j it, until the day when it was disposed of. It was
I taken up, and postponed from day to day without
! debate.
Mr. CLAYTON. Has the honorable Senator i
■ looked at the record of debate? !
j Mr. BADGER. I have looked at the record (
: of the debates. The first day was fixed, and then ^
I it was postponed until the next day, and so on; i
} but there was no discussion until the Thursday
j after the Monday on which the veto came in.
! Mr. CLAYTON. Well, sir, I do not know ;
! anything in regard to that paitic.ular precedent to
| which the Senator has referred-, but I have learned
j from another gentleman, that complaint was made
jj at the time, in the other House, that the Consti- !
ji tution was disregarded in this vei y particular, in j
'! the Senate not proceeding to the consideration of j
j! the message immediately. However, sir, be this \
II as it may, would it not be more respectful to the j
ji President, and is it not due to ourselves, that we I
'I should go on within this measure, until we know |
j! the sense of Congtess in legard to it? 1 do not 1
j! mean to press the measure m hot haste, so as to :
I! prevent the Senate giving it a full and thorough 1
'I consideration, ft is entitled to that; hut I think '
I it is fairly entitled to precedence over other sub- !
i jects; and whenever us consideration is called for 1
by any member of the Senate, it ought, in pursu- ;
1 anceof the spirit of the Constitution, to be taken up !
. and considered. :
; I do not suffer myself, in giving the opinion '
which I do in regard to this measure, to be in- I
; fluerjced at all by other matters. I have nothing !.
now to do with the homestead bill, or the Pacific I
railroad bill, or anything else. If this subject is ij
to be taken up, I shall desire on some suitable jl
occasion, when no other gentleman wishes the j'
floor, to give my-views briefly in relation to this J
veto message; but I am quite ready to go on with 11
the consideration of it now, and it is my impres-
sion that it is our duty to do so. I am ready to vote
upon it to-day.
Mr. CLAY. So ami.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I concur entirely, Mr.
President, with the view taken by the Senator
from Delaware in reference to this question. I
think the Senate owes it to itself, ana to the dig-
nity of the occasion, to pursue the course which
he has indicated. I am decidedly averse to the
proposition of my friend from Illinois, to postpone
action on this question until another legislative
measure to which he has alluded shall be passed
upon by this body. Sir, no Senator, no created
man, is more devotedly or ardently the friend of
that measure to which he has alluded—the home-
stead biil—than 1 am. I am its friend, whether
the President be so or not. I never connect one
measure with another; nor do 1 wait for, or look
to, Executive vetoes, i vote as becomes my posi-
tion and my constituents, and the duty that I owe
to them.
I believe, then, that it is our duty now to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the President's mes-
sage, and to reply, by affirmative or negative
action, to the positions which he has taken in that
message. For one, sir, I return him my thanks
for the veto wluch he has sent here. I believe it
! is right in every woid, phrase, and sentence. {
furthermore believe that if he had not vetoed this
bill, he would have been false to that paity whose
leprtsentative he was in the last presidential elec-
tion—false to the resolutions of that convention
which nominated him, and which unanimously
resolved and re-resolved that the Democratic party
was opposed to a distribution of the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands.
These are my views, i regaid this bill, as I
stated in some remarks which 1 submitted when
I it was passed by this body, as distribution in the
J worst phase that has come up here—worse than
j ever the genius of Henry Clay conceived—far
! more odious than (hat which John C. Calhoun,
Silas Wright, and Thomas H. Benton, deprecated
in the memotable session of 1841:—ay, sir, a dis-
tribution, not of money from our Treasury, but
of lampblack and rags, French assignuts, from the
Treasmy of the United States, to the value of ten
millions of acres of land to the sovereign States of
the Union.
Sir, the Senator from Vermont spoke yesterday
of unclean, dishonorable, or corrupt legislation
touching the public lands My position as a rep-
resentative from one of the new States, and my
position upon the Committee on Public Lands, of
which he is a member, requires that 1 should de-
mand from him, in this presence, whether he
meant to insinuate that any conupt or dishonest
bill had emanated from that committee, or from
any one of the new States, so tar as he is cogni-
zant of those transactions? And if so, I demand
of him that he now disclose, in its full length, and
breadth, and extent, every particle of that corrup-
tion or unclean legislation. Sir, I make the de-
mand with perfect respect to the gentleman. I
do, sir, because of our kindly personal relations;
but this is a gu-at question, and his insinuation,
if 1 may rail it such, may affect individuals. I
make the demand with perfect respect, i pause
for a reply.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, 1 have only to say
that I have made no imputation of the .sort which
is now attributed to me; and the publication of my
remarks, as taken down by the reporter, will
show that an entire misconstruction has been
placed upon them. I have cas>t no imputation
upon the action of the committee of which i am a
member; no imputation upon the action of this or
of the other House; no imputation upon the new
States of this Union. No man here, as I took
occasion to state yesterday, has voted more liber-
ally in favor of the application for appropriations
for various purposes by the new States than my-
self, I had no reference to any past legislation
upon the subject of the public lands. This, I
think, is a sufficient disclaimer.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Perfectly so.
Mr. FOOT. An entire misapprehension has
been placed upon the remarks which I submit-
ted.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. In that misapprehen-
sion I am not alone, as the Senator knows, from
the construction immediately placed on his lan-
guage by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
