1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W45
tribes, and to preserve peace uh tlie frontiers," approved
June 30, 1S34.
That section was preserving in its force what
was known as the fndian intercourse act. The
Senate added to it the following as an amendment:
" Or to piohihit the payment of any claim or claims (other
than those o! agents or attorneys for claims) foi bona fide
services rendered 10 any Indian tribe, in cases where tlie
President may adjudge such service necessary, and the
claim or claims therefor jubt and reasonable."
The House d'sagreed to that amendmentof the
Senate, and the committee of conference have
agreed to a modification of it, so as to make it
read:
"Or to prohibit the payment of any claim or claims
{othei than those of agents or attorneys tor claims) for bona
fide services rondeied within or upon any Indian terntoiy,
to the Indian tribes, lor medical or manual services, or in
cases ol humanity."
The amendment is reported by the committee \
of conference for the purpose of restricting that ■
which they were apprehensive was an enlargement ;
of tlie principle which pern$*tted the interference j
of attorneys and agents with the business of In- \
dians in the departments. We have thought proper
to restrict it to a certain class of claims, and for 1
services performed within the Territories. j
I will illustrate by oneexample. Thesmall-pox ,
broke out among, 1 believe, the Menomonee tribe i
of Indians; and with a view to save the lives of j
the Indians, and to counteract the spread of that .
dreadful disease, they were necessarily compelled '
to have a physician, and to have the balance of the ,
tribe vaccinated. And, under the existing law, i
that physician could obtain no compensation. ;
The object of the amendment, as modified by |
the committee of conference, is to authorize the j
payment of such a claim as that, and at the same !
time to prevent the inroads which these agents ;
are making ordinarily, on the funds of the In- ;
dians.
The sixty-eighth Senate amendment, which was j
amended by the House, was in reference to the i
Indians .in California. The amendment was as ,
follows: i
For defraying the expenses of continuing the removal j;   ,i*r-
and subsistence of Indians in California, three military res- j! ©'
Sec. 3. J3nd be it further enacted, That the president.be 1
authorized, by and with the advice and consent of the Sea- j
ate, to appoint a superintendent ol Indian atFairs for the J
Tcritoiy of Utah, who shall receive an animal salaty of i
,y2,<!00. and who&e duly it stirfll h" to exeicise a genual
superintendence over all the Indian tribes in Utah, and to 1
exercise and perform ail the powers and duties assigned by 1
law to oth  r superintendents of Indian affairs. [
This amendment was, as the House will re- [
member, discussed in the Committee of the Whole.
I was at the lime in favor of separating in that
particular Territory the office of Governor from
that of the superintendent of Indian affairs. The
House, however, saw fit to agree with my friend
from New York, and my friend from Tennessee,
and overruled me. The Senate have receded from
that amendment, and the House concur in a section
which authorizes the Secretary of tlie Interior, if
he thinks the public interest demands it, to dis-
burse the appropriation made in this bill, through
the instrumentality of the Indian agents out there,
i will read the clause upon which we have agreed:
Jhul he it jaithcr cnacted, That the Secretary of the In-
terior he, ami he if heiehy, authorised, it in Iih judgment
the puMic interest will be promoted theieby, to <*ausu to be
disbursed Mich moneys a* are appropriated in tins act tor
the Utah Induing either under Oeaty stipulations, or gen-
eral incidental expenses, by the Indian agents in that Ter-
ntoiy, a-, he thinks propel : Piovided, i?aid agentshall in no
instance icccive any additional compensation ihereior.
The eightieth amendment was as follows:
Sec. 9 And be it furfhei enacted, That the Piesident be ;
and he is hereby, authorized, by and with the absent of the
Indian tubes, respectively, to be obtained ni due form, to j
enter into treaties with the various Indian tubes, to redeem |
and exintLUiish the perpetual annumes, or the payment of ,
interest peipetually upon sum* of money requn ed to be held 1
m trust, or invested in stock-, by either paying to said tubes i
1 the par value oi equivalent ol the said annuities-and per- ,
! petu.il niteiest, either in whole or in annuities, lor a term 1
! of years, as be, in his judgment, may deem moot advanta-
geous to the Indians, respectively.
It gives the President authority, after obtaining
the consent of the Indian tribes, to make arrange-
ments with them to buy in their perpetual annui-
ties. The Senate also have receded from that
amendment.
Tlie eighty first Senate amendment, which the
Plouse agreed to with an amendment, was the fol-
ervations, m accordance with the plan submitted by the
superintenuciit of i miian affairs of th.it ^late, and approved
by the President, the sum of $-200,(100 : Prowled, That no
portion of this amount shall be paid over to the present su-
perintendent of Indian affairs, until he shall account satis-
factorily for ihe amount already drawn by him out ot (fir-
mer appropriations. And that, hereafter, no more than
$20,()Ud shall l>e drawn by the said superintendent, or be m
his hand- unexpended at one and the same tune : Jlnd pro-
vided, Tlie sub-agents created by this act shall be appointed
by the superintendent, subject to confirmation by tlie Sec-
retary of ihe Imeuor, not to exceed otic for each reserva-
tion, nor three^n all, said reservations to contain noi less
than five nor more than ten thousand acres ; and the said
superintendent is authorized to apply, out of the sum
heicby appropiiated, not exceeding .$2.),UOO, in the extin-
guishment of conflictn.g title1? and rights to said reserved
lands at a price not exceeding 01 25 per acie, for a valid :
and indefeasible title to the land so purchased : And pro- |
vided. The State of California shall cede the nece&saiy '
jurisdiction m such cases with regard to the land so pur- j
chafed. *
The House amended the same by striking out
the words:
il That no portion of tins amount shall be paid over to the
present superintendent of Indian affairs, until he shall ae
count satisfactorily for the amount already diawti by him
out of formei appropriations."
This restrictive provision, which was stricken
out by the House, was intended to apply to Lieu-
tenant Beaie, who was then the superintendent of
Indian affairs in California. Before, however,
the House acted upon that amendment, Lieu-
tenant Benle was removed, and another agent
appointed in his place. The House, therefore,
suuck out that portion of the Senate amendment,
which was intended to apply to Lieutenant Beale,
leaving the other restrictions to remain upon the
present superintendent of Indian affairs there.
The Senate concur in that amendment.
The next amendment of the Senate was the
seventy-third, which provides that the superin-
tendents of Indian affairs in the Territories of
Washington and New Mexico—or rather the
Governors of those Territories, for they are the
superintendents of Indian affairs in their respect-
ive Territories, shall each be allowed a clerk, the
former at a salary of $1,800, and the latter at a
salary of §1,000 perannum, The House rejected
the Senate amendment, and upon a conference, the
Senate have receded from it.
The seventy-fourth Senate amendment was as
follows:
Sko. be it further enaded, That to enable the !
SecreUiy of the fnterioi to settle and pay theclairns on file !
for reservations, ami for lent- and improvement^, under tlie ;
thirteenth and sixteenth articles of the Cherokee treaty of ;
•29th ot December, 1835, in piir-uauee ot tlie stipulations i
of the thud amele ol the treaty oi Aiuru-t 8, 1816, the sum ;
I heretoloie appropriated for those purposes, and carried to j
the surplus tund, is hereby reappiopnated. ]
The House amended it so as to make it read: j
That to enable the Secretary of the Interior to settle and [
pay the awards of eommisMoners, on file fur reservations, |
preemption*, and for ients and nnpiovements, under the ]
j twcltlh, thirteenth, and sixteenth articles of the Cherokee ;
I treaiy of 29th of December, IrMS, in pursuance ol tlie sttp- j
' ulationsot the third aiticle of the treaty ol Augu-t 8, ls-ki, i
the sum heretofore appiopua'ed for thofe put pose*, and j
carried to the surplus fund, is hereby reappropriated. j
And the House agieed to it as amended. The '
Senate concur in the amendment of the House. i
The eighty-second Senate amendment, to which 1
the House disagreed, is this: i
* Slc\ 11. Jlnd, he it further enarted. That for the pay- ;
ment of the balance ol pet capita due the Cherokee Indians i
residing in the Stales ea-t of the Mississippi river, under the 1
i treaty oi 18.15, and supplemental tieaty of May, 183t>, ac-
i cordmu to the ^iipuluiion oi the temh article ot the treaty
i of AumistS, 18115, the sum of ,^{12.625 Ifc: lJroi ided, That
! the same shall be reimbursed from the sums- ot money here >
! alter to he paid to the Western CliernKees, in such manner
! and ui Mich amounts as the Premium of the United States
! may direct.
j The Senate have also receded from this amend-
1 ment.
| The committee of conference on the part of
! the House have given up the tenth amendment,
i which proposes to give 5)5,000 to erect buildings
[ for Indian agents in Washington Territory, and
j that is alt they have yielded, except a slight mod*
I ideation of one or two other amendments. I
! think the result of the committee will recommend
1 itself to the good sense of the House, and I hope
; the report will be adopted.
i Mr. ORR. I have examined the report of the
i committee of conference upon this bill,and Icon-
! cur with the gentleman from Alabama that this
House have obtained moie than might have been
reasonably anticipated. I therefore move the pre-
vious question upon the adoption of the report.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The report of the committee of conference was
then adopted.
Mr. PHELPS then resumed the floor.
RELATIONS? WJTH SPAIN.
Mr. BARI1SDALE. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to y teld me the floor, to enable me to ask
the unanimous consent of the House to introduce
a bill merely for the purpose of reference. It is
a bill to grant to the President of the United
States $10,000,000 during the recess of Congress
to enable him to protect the tranquillity and honor
of the United States in our existing difficulties
with Spain.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I appeal to the gentle-
man to withdraw his objection. My object is
merely to refer the bill.
Mr. JONES. I cannot.
iJJESl'KUCTION OF GREYTOWN.
Mr. CHAJNDLKR. 1 a^sk the gentleman from
Missouri to yield to me, to enable me to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
respectfully requested to furnish to the House of Represent-
atives any ofiicial information which may have been re-
ceived at the Departments, relative to the destruction of
Greytovvu, (or tfau Juan del N'>rte,) by Captain Hollins, of
the United States ves-el Cyane; and also, that the Presi-
dent be requested to furnish to the House copies of the in-
struction^ given to Captain Ifolhns relative to the demand
for satisfaction winch was made in tlie name of the United
States upon the authorities ot Greytown, (or rtan Jua i del
Norte,) before the bombaidment and destruction of that
place.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the
regular order of business.
REORGANIZATION OF THE ARMY.
| The House then resumed the consideration of
| the bill of the Senate to regulate the pay and
I increase the efficiency of the Atmy of the United
: States, and for other purposes.
! Mr. PHElfPS, who was entitled to the floor,
] said: I shall decline to yield the floor further, Mr.
| Speaker. When I obtained the floor yesterday,
I I did not intend to have occupied the attention of
I the House but for a few moments upon this bill.
| There can be no doubt something ought to be
i done to promote the efficiency of the Army. Com-
. plaints are continually reaching us from the fron-
j tiers of the country that the present Army 1*8
S wholly unable to protect our citizens theie fiora
i the ravages and the encroachments of the Indians.
| It was but a short time ago the greater part of a
[ small detachment of soldiers belonging to the reg-
! ular Army were massacred by the Indians in New
j Mexico. The Indians of that country, erabold-
, ened by their success, and m consequence of the
,i inadequacy of the military force in that Territoryt
:■ aie continually making incursions upon the setUe-
i! merits in the valley of the Rio Grande; and wher-
ever they make their appearance, the destruction
of property and the massacre of the defenseless
citizen marks their path. And hence any measure
which will secure greater protection to the citizens
upon the /rontier, will meet my approbation.
Hence, there are portions of this bill which meet
with my hearty approval. But there are portions
which cannot receive my assent; and, if presented
to me as a whole, I shall be compelled to vote
against the bill.
The provision for theaugmentation of the num-
ber of enlistments m the At my by the increase of
pay, and holding out other inducements, such as
promotion from the ranks of the regular Army
and others, meets with my entire approbation.
When the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs [Mr. Faulkner] proposed this bill as an
amendment to the Army appropriation bill, I, at
the time, expressed my willingness to vote so
much as provided for the increase of the pay of
the rank and file of the At my. I should have been
glad had that provision been ingrafted upon that
bill. Jt has not, and the proposition is now be-
fore us under the suspension of the rules. I am
now ready to vote anything reasonable to afford
adequate compensation to the men who are em-
ployed in the service of the country. 1 agree with
the gentleman from Virginia, that the present pay
of the private in the Army is entirely inadequate.
While men engaged in agriculture, mechanics,
and m the construction of the public works, receive
fifteen, twenty, twenty-five, or even thirty dollars
per month, your soldier only receives seven and
eight dollars as pay per month, together with the
allowance for clothing, of about $2 50 per month.
It is true, the soldier possesses many advantages
which these other laborers have not. In case of
