1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
my colleague, [Mr. Bayard,] who is notifow in
his seat 
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Yes, he is.
Mr. CLAYTON. He has just come in. If he
desires to go on, I will not press the request to
postpone the bill.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Delaware
is now in his seat, and can discuss the bill if he
desires.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall not occupy much of
the ume of the Senate now, but I shall take occa-
sion hereafter to express my opinions fully in ref-
erence to the unconstitutionality, in my view, of
these appropriations, and endeavor to show that
there is no great distinction between the appro-
priation of land according to the provisions of
these bills and the appropriation of any other
property belonging to the United States, and in
the hands of the Government for their benefit. I
think the distinction cannot obtain. I can under-
stand perfectly that, when, as in the first instance,
according to the doctrines of Mr. Calhoun, the
Government, as a great land-holder, having in its
possession and holding the title to immense quan-
tities of unsettled land, which under the laws of
the country are salable at specific prices, or are
subject to entry at specific prices, desires to en-
courage the sale of the lands, it might, without
making any donation at all or grant, either to the
States or individuals, dispose of one section of
land for the purpose of making a road when it re-
serves the alternate sections for the purposes of
the Government; but the moment you go beyond
the point at which you reserve the alternate sec-
tions to the Government, that moment you make
it a donation for the general purposes of internal
improvements in the .particular States, or to the
particular individuals to whom the donation is
made.
The distinction seems to me so palpable that I
will not now intrude longer on the time of the
Senate in reference to it; but I shall take occasion
at a future day to express more at length my views
in reference to measures of this kind.
It seems further to me, making the suggestion
merely now, that you have got to something
more than the mere temporary expedients of the
hour. It may be perfectly true, as alleged by the
honorable senator fromMississippi, [Mr. Brown,]
that experience has proved that you have made
more rapid sales of the land on some of those roads
which have been constructed, or are about to be
constructed, under your grants and donations.
That may be true, but the ultimate effect of such
a system on the political morals of the country,
in my judgment, outweighs any temporary ad-
vantage, which merely tends to the present benefit
of the country and the agricultural population.
That effect on the political morals of the country
is far more injurious than is beneficial any tempo-
rary good derived from these grants.
These are my general views on the subject. I
shall take occasion hereafter more fully to ex-
press them to the Senate, when some other bill
comes before it. For the present, however, I shall
not say anything further upon this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The bill is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, and is open- to amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. There is an amendment which
I think should be made to the bill. As it stands,
it leaves a doubt, in my mind, as to the construc-
tion which may be given to one of its sections.
The grant is to the State of Michigan, for the pur-
pose of aiding in the construction of certain roads,
of "every alternate section of land designated by
odd numbers, for six sections in width on each
side of said roads and branch road; but in case it
shall appear that the United States have, when
the lines or route of said road are definitely fixed
by the authority aforesaid, sold any section or any
part thereof granted as aforesaid, or that the right of
preemption has attached to the same, then it shall
be lawful for any agent or agents, to be appointed
by the Governor of said State, to select, subject
to the approval of the Secretary of the Interior,
from the lands of the United States nearest to the
tier of sections above specified, so much land in
alternate sections or parts of sections, as shall be
equal to such lands as the United States have sold
or otherwise appropriated, or to which the right of
preemption has attached."
Doew that mean equal in quantity, or in valuer
I can easily see that the construction might be
877
given to it, that, inasmuch as the sections im-
mediately along the road sold by the United States,
exceeded in value thesame quantity in a more re-
mote distance from the road, the claim might be
made that you should double the number of sec-
tions in order to equal the quantity that the State
should have. It is capable of that interpretation.
I do not say that that interpretation is designed.
But, at all events, there can be no harm in stating
specifically what we do mean by inserting after the
word " equal " the words " in quantity." I move
that amendment.
Mr. STUART. I will accept the amendment.
J think that is the construction which is now put
upon the section. Let the amendment be made
accordingly.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope the amendment
will be agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. DODGE. 1 will now ask that the whole
bill may be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill, but
was interrupted by 
Mr. WALKER. I desire to suggest to the
Senator from Iowa, that it is unnecessary to oc-
cupy the time of the Senate with the reading of
the bill. It will take some time to read it. We
all understand its provisions. It does not differ
from the other bills which have passed.
Mr. DODGE. I withdraw the request to read
the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read a third time.
On the question of its passage, Mr. BAYARD
called for the yeas and nays, and they were or-
dered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 32, nays
14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bell, Benjamin, Bright,
Brown, Cas>, Clay, Dodge of Wisconsin, Podge of Iowa,
Douglas, Fxtzpatriek, Foot, Gever, Houston, James, John-
son, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mdlloiy, Pettit,
Rusk, Sebastian, Shields, Siidell, Smith, Smart, Sumner,
Thomson of New Jersey, Walker, Weller,and Wright—
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Butler, Clayton, Dawson,
Dixon, Hamlin, Hunter, Mason, Norns, Pratt, Thompson
of Kentucky, Toombs, Wade, and Williams—14.
So the bill passed.
Mr. STUART. The amendment reported
from the Committee on Public Lands renders it
necessary to change the title of the bill. I there-
fore move to amend the title, so as to make it read
as follows:
"A bill making a grant ofland to the State of Michigan,
to aid m the construction of the Oakland and Ottawa lail-
road, and a railroad (rom the Grand Rapids to the Straits
of Mackinaw, and a railroad from Pontiae, via Pere Mar-
queue aver, Manitowoc and Ontonagon river, to Kcwana
Point, with a. branch to the vicinity of Carp river, upon
Lake Superior."
The mouon was agreed to.
RAILROAD IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. BROWN. I now ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up the bill making a
grant of land to the Statesof Louisianaand Missis-
sippi to aid in the construction of certain railroads
in those States. I would not ask the indulgence
of the Senate to take up this bill at this time, if it
were possible that it would give rise to any debate.
It contains a grant for three roads. During the
last session of Congress three bills passed this
body covering the three several grants which have
now been combined in one bill. In its principle it
is the same as those which have heretofore passed.
It is precisely the same as the bill which we have
just passed, with the single exception of the change
of names. I ask the indulgence of the Seriate to
take it up and act upon it at this time.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will remind the honorable
Senator from Mississippi that it was the under-
standing yesterday that all these railroad bills
should be taken up in their order upon the Calen-
dar; and on that account I withdrew my request
for the consideration of a bill making a grant for
a road in my State, to enable the Senator from
Michigan to have his bill taken up.
Mr. BROWISf. I certainly do not design to
violate any understanding of the Senator; and if
that be the understanding, I give way.
Mr. SL1DELL. I now move that the bill
granting to the State of Louisiana the right of
way and a donation of public lands for the pur-
pose of locating and constructing a railroad from
Algiers, on the Mississippi river, to the Sabine
river m said State, be taken up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committeeof the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. No amendment being proposed, it was
reported to the Senate, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read a third time, and passed;
and the title was amended so as to read: "A bill
making a grant of lands to the State of Louisiana,
to aid in the construction of certain railroads in
said Stale." -
TRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
to provide for the ascertainment and satisfaction
of the claims of American citizens for spoliations
committed by the French prior to the 31st of July,
1801. Senators will recollect that this bill, as the
special order, was assigned for Monday of this
week, but for reasons with which every one is
acquainted, it was not taken up. I now ask that
it may be considered during the morning hour. I
do not know a single Senator who desires to speak
on it; but if there should be any, and the morning
hour should expire before the bill can be disposed
of, it may be postponed, and its consideration re-
sumed during the morning hour to-morrow, and
from day to day, until it shall have been passed.
I do not think, however, that there will be any
debate. I know of no one desirous to discuss it,
and therefore I move that it be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President 
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say that the bill
is verbatim the same as the bill which passed this
body at the last Congress.
Mr. DODGE. That was exactly the question
which 1 wished to ask. 1 want to hear the bill
read. If I am not mistaken, from an examination
of some copies of the bill which I have seen, there
is an important section omitted in this bill, which
may materially affect the interests of the Govern-
ment. I do not question the veracity of the Senator,
who has thoroughly examined the whole subject;
but I have perused several of the bills, and 1 un-
derstand that a section, very important to the Gov-
ernment, is withdrawn from this bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 only desire to say that the
bill which I introduced to the Senate, and which
has been reported from the select committee, was
taken from the files of the Senate. It was the
identical bill of the'last year. • If there is an omis-
sion, it is one which has escaped my observation.
If the section has been omitted, let it be inserted.
Mr. HUNTER. Let the bill be read.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. 1 find, by an exam-
ination of the bill, that I was right in this matter,
and I therefore offer the following amendment as
an additional section:
Sec. 10. JlnAheitfurther enacted, That an attorney to
the said board fhail be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, whose duty it
shall be to resist ad unjust claims, and to protect the interest
of the United St.itns, and of the fund that maybe appropri-
ated to carry this act into execution; and to this end tieMiall
have power* to examine witnesses, and to cause testimony to
be taken for the United States, and testimony before tbe
commission for the purpose of examining it, and the right
to be heard in all case«>. He shall be sworn to the faithful
pcrtormance of his duty as attorney, and shall be entitled to
the same compensation as one of the commissioners.
Mr. HAMLIN. The bill which I introduced
into the Senate, was, as I supposed, the bill which
we passed at the last Congress. I hope the ques-
tion will be taken on the amendment; that it will
be adopted; and then, that the bill may go over
until to-morrow.
Mr. CLAYTON". I wish to say that I have
no objection to the amendment proposed, but I
recollect very well that when President Taylor
recommended to Congress the appointment of an
attorney, such as was proposed bjr this amend-
ment, to attend a board of commissioners to as-
certain claims arising' under the treaty of Guada-
lupe Hidalgo, a resolution was adopted to that
effect, but no attorney was appointed. I thought
that it was proper. I therefore do not object to
the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLTN. I now move that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until half
past twelve o'clock to-morrow, and be made the
special order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
