1946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
sicknes3, he is taken care of at the expense of the
Government. He has entered into a contract with
the Government for a period«of five years, during
which he is to serve the country at a rate of wages
stipulated at the time of his enlistment. He knows
while he is m the service he will be provided for
in all exigencies as far as the Government and his
situation can afford We know that when there
was not the great disproportion between the
wages of the soldier and that of men engaged in
the industrial pursuits of life, there was no diffi-
culty experienced in securing desired enlistment.
The deficiency in the rank and file of the Army is
more than four thousand. Four thousand recruits
are wanted, but cannot be obtained for our Army
at the present pay; and the gentleman from Vir-
ginia properly remarked, that unless something be
done by way of remedy, you might as well close
the recruiting offices. But 1 do object, Mr.
Speaker, to this bill being carried through the
House under the operation of the previous ques-
tion, and without affording proper opportunity
fur its being made by amendment palatable to
members generally, i do object to its being car-
ried through under the pretext of sympathy for
the rank and file. That is the point.
The other day the gentleman from Virginia
took occasion to refer to the course pursued by
me in reference to the amendment to the Navy
appropriation bill for increased pay to the Navy.
The Committee of Ways and Means, and the
Committee on Naval Affairs, did agree to make m-
? creased appropriation, in order that the seamen of
the Navy might receive higher wages than they
now receive. But when the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bocock] indicated his intention to
bring forward hiss proposition for the reorganiza-
tion of the-Navy as an amendmeM to the Navy
appropriation bill, J made resistance, and success-
fully. What have we before us? Why, sir, we
have under consideration a bill providing for the
increase of the pay of all the officeis in the Army,
from the highest to the lowest. It also provides
for increase of the pay ot the jank and file, and
promotion from the ranks.
Besides, the last section provides, and I believe
that it meets with the approval of the Committee
on Military Affairs, that the widows and orphans
of soldiers dying m the service, instead of being
pensioned a^now for fiveyears,shall be pensioned
on the Government dming hie. Is this a wise
provision? You do not find any difficulty now in
obtaining officers for the Army at the presentcom-
pensation. Your Army list shows fifty-six brevet
second lieutenants wiifooutuny place in the regular
line of the Army as such to assign them for duty.
They are attached to the several corps as super-
muneiaries, waiting for vacancies, to icceive their
commissions as second lieutenants. I have a docu-
ment in my possession which shows the amount
of compensation of every description received by
officers of the Army dmin<: the fiscal year ending
the 30th June, 1853. !t is a part of the Army
Register, but not published with it. I recollect
when i first came to Congress that the Army
Register contained not only the name of every
officer of the Army, precisely as the Army Regis-
ter now does, but also the entire amount of com-
pciiSHtion of every description which each officer
received durinsr the preceding fiscal year.
The document to which 1 have referred shows
that eorns of the field officers of the Armyieceive
more than $3,000 per annum for the services which
they perform. This sum includes their pay and
emolument. You have at this time in the Army
one major general and two brii^adiergenerals. Last
year you paid for the services of four major gen-
erals and three brigadier generals. You have this
system of brevet rank and brevet pay J->y which it
becomes almost impossible to ascertain, from the
statement of pay, &c., as published in the Army
Register,the amountofcomperiRatioo which these
officers receive. You have an Army regulation,
if an officer is assigned to the command of a mil-
itary department or post, he shall be entitled to
double rations during the time he is in command
of such military department or post. You have
provided by law that an officer who has served in
the Army of the United States shall be entitled to
on additional ration for each five years' of service.
Thisjs whit is termed sei vice or longevity rations.
Almost evtry one of these military departments
is under the command of a field officer; and in the
event such officers have bad leave of absence, then
the senior captain is charged with the command. !
The officer having command of that department j
is, m many instances, entitled to pay according to I
brevet rank, and is also entitled to additional ra- j
tions for commanding the depaitment, besides the j
regular service rations which are given him. !
Mr. PECKHAM. I wish to ask the gentle- j
man from Missouri this question: Is it not the '
fact that brevet officers do not receive the pay of 1
the lank to which they are breveted, unless they j
aie performing the duty of such grade? j
Mr. PHELPS. I answer the question of the i
gentleman from New York with pleasure. They I
do not. They receive pay in this way: For m- j
stance, a first.lieutenant of the Army, if he be in j
command of a company, is entitled to the pay of j
a captain, if he holds that brevet rank; and if he |
shall have the command of a military post, he
would receive emoluments accordingly.
Mr. HOUSTON, I desire to ask a question
of my friend from Missouri, who seems to have
given a deal of attention to this subject. I ask him
whether it is not true, in reference to breveted
officers of the Army, that almost all officers who
hold brevet rank higher than their regular commis-
sion in the line, aie assigned the command of
military posts and positions, and receive the pay
which correspond with their brevet appointments?
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Houston] inquires of me whether many of
the officers who hold brevet rank, are not receiv-
ing the pay of their brevet commission. Such I
understand to be the fact. Examine your Army
Register, and you will find, in most instances,
that there are brevet officers, whose names are
given, commanding at certain miliary posts and
stations throughout the country. For instance, in
the department of the East, out of some eight or
ten military posts mentioned, you will find that
more than one half, nearly two thirds, of these
posts are commanded by officers holding brevet
commissions.
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly; and drawingbre-
vet pay.
Mr. PHELPS. Yes, they draw brevet pay
during the tune they hold such command; and they
also receive the emoluments of that brevet rank.
They draw, as 1 before remarked, the additional
rations belonging to their brevet rank, in addition
to their regular rations, during the time they have
commanded, corresponding to their brevet rank.
And, in addition to that, they are allowed longev-
ity rations for every five years of their service,
commencing from the day on which they entered
the service.
Under the regulations of the service the Army
is now divided into three divisions—the eastern,
the western, and the Pacific,. It is subdivided into
eleven military departments. You have at this Ume
some seventy-eight posts garrisoned by troops, or
at which officers are stationed. Perhaps in enter-
ing upon these details i may make some mistakes.
I may have been led into some enors perhaps
from the hasty manner in which I have examined
the subject. But, in the statement which I make
in relation to the number of military post?, 1 am
nearly correct, sufficiently correct for all practical
purposes. Now, it is proposed by the Committee
on Military Affairs, in the bill now under consid-
eration, and which has received the sanclion of
the Senate, that we shall increase the pay of the
major general of the Army from §200 per month,
which he now receives as his pay proper, to the
sum of §*265 per month.
I do not, in speaking of this matter, in referring
to the general-in-chief of the Army of the Uni-
ted States, do so from any want of respect for
that gentleman, for he has my highest respect as
a military man. But it becomes necessary to fix
the pay of the officers of the Army, without re-
spect to the individuals who hold those positions.
The general-m-chief commanding the Army of
the United States received during the fiscal year
ending the 30ih of June, 1853, for annual pay,
j rations, forage, and allowances for servants,
I $5,626; and tor fuel, quarters, and transportation
j of baggage, an additional amount sufficient to
| make the whole amount of pcty $(j,800.
Your brigadier generals m the Army of the
United States, received during that period of time,
for pay, rations, allowance for servants, forage,
and allowance for fuel, quarters, &c., one of them
upwards of $7,000, and the other upwaids of
§8,000. Both are major generals by brevet, and
both received the pay of a major general.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Missouri if the sum of $1>218 40,
embraced in that statement, does not include the
mileage for twelve thousand miles traveled by
General Twiggs?
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir. The traveling allow-
ance is a separate allowance. You will find in
the Army appropriation bill some ^120,000 for
defraying the mileage of officers when traveling
under orders, and without troops, and for transpor-
tation of their baggage. The report from which I
read includes, in one column, the pay proper; in
another, pay for rations; in another, pay for al-
lowances for servants, forage, fuel, quarters, and
transportation of baggage, &c.
Mr. FAULKNER. I tell the gentleman that
the item of $1,123 40. set down for the transpor-
tation of baggage, was for mileage. It is the
mode ofstating the account.
Mr. PECKHAM? Can the change be for any-
thing else?
Mr. PHELPS. One at a time, if you please.
The $1,200, to-which the gentleman from Vir-
ginia alludes, is the amount for the transportation
of baggage allowed to General, Twiggs, and not
to General Wool. Will the gentleman inform
me wheie General Twiggs traveled twelve thou-
sand miles during that year?
Mr. FAULKNER. I am not prepared to
inform the gentleman where General Twigffs trav-
eled, in that fiscal year, but I am officially in-
formed by the War Department that the heading,
of transportation of baggage, embraces the ex-
pendituies for mileage.
Mr. PHELPS. If he traveled twelve thousand
miles in the fiscal year ending June 30,1853, some
member of this House should know where it was.
Now, is it to be said that General Twiggs was
paid for the travel of twelve thousand miles during
that time, and no member of this House know
where he was engaged m traveling?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would say to the
gentleman from Missouri, that he is a member of
the Committee of Ways and Means, and he cer-
tainly ought to know the fact; and if he does not
know, he cannot expect other gentlemen to know,
or cast any imputation upon my colleague.
Mr. PHELPS. My understanding differs from
your colleague's understanding. 1 understand
this item to be for the transportation of baggage.
Mr. PECKHAM. Where?
Mr. PHELPS. From post to post. It also
embraces traveling allowance. However, this
matter is immaterial. The amount of money
allowed to officers for traveling, depends upon
the amount of travel they may perform without
troops, under the order of the Secretary of War,
or under the orders of the commanding officer.
I only wanted to call the attention of the House
to the allowafices to these officers for pay, rations,
forage, and servants, and I spoke of the other
matteis only incidentally. Here, then, you find
that each brigadier general receives $5,G26, the
same amount as is paid to General Scott, showing
that during that time they received pay according
to their brevet rank.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Missouri a question, for I sup-
pose a large number of members believe with me,
that the expenses of the Army as well as of the
Navy, ought to be cut down. I myself, believe,
that m the present reduced condition of the Army,
the expenses should be cut down one half. I
wish to ask the gentleman from Missouri if he
will not bring forward some measure to accom-
plish that object. I would cooperate with him
heartily m such a measure. But, sir, the regular
Army appropriation bill has passed; and unless
some special measure is brought forward, there
will be no opportunity of accomplishing any re-
form in this quarter. I would go with him in
abolishing all pay for brevet ranK. 1 think it is
unfair that a brigadier general should, by brevet,
receive the pay of major general. Indeed, am
opposed to the brevet rank altogether. It is a
delusion, and ought to be abolished. I would pay
the officers of the Army well and liberally, when
performing their duty, but I would abolish all
brevet rank, and would increase the pay of the
rank and file
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Ohio,
misunderstands me, if he supposes that I alluded
