878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
COURT OP CLAIMS.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, it was ordered
that the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged
from the farther consideration of the bill to estab-
lish a court for the investigation of claims against
the United States; and that it be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS TERRITORIES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to establish a Territorial government in Ne-
braska.
Mr. EVERETT, to whom the floor was as-
signed, proceeded to address the Senate. He oc-
cupied its undivided attention for an hour and a
half. [His speech will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. E. havinsc concluded,
Mr. SMITH. Mr. President, I propose, with
the indulgence of the Senate, to submit some re-
marks on this subject*, but I think it is now too late
for me to proceed far with those remarks to-day,
if I should now commence. I therefore hope that
the honorable chairman of the Committee on Ter-
ritories will consent to allow me the indulgence of
an adjournment.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the further con-
sideration of the subject be postponed until to-
morrow.
Mr. SMITH. That will suit me.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent in the consideration
thereof, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 8, 1S54.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William M. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the War Department, tiausmit-
ting a statement of the expenditures of the appro-
priations for contingencies of the various offices
and buicrtue of that Department during the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1853; which was ordered to
lie upon the table, and be printed.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting an abstract of the returns of
the militia of all the States and Territories, with
their arms, accouterments, and munitions, taken
from the latest returns received by the Depart-
ment; which was ordered to he upon the (able,
and be piinted.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SX'EAKEK. On yesterday the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florencb] moved to re-
consider the vote by which the House agreed to
a certain amendment of the Senate to House bill
(No. 50) " making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending June 30, 1853." The gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Orr| raised the
question of order, that the motion could not be
entertained, inasmuch as he contended that the
bill had passed from the possession of the House.
The Chciir overruled the point of order, and from
th.it decision the gentleman from South Carolina
appealed. That appeal is the first business in
order this morning, and the question is, " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the House?*'
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not see the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. OrrJ in his seat, and I
would rather that this question should go over
until he is present. I therefore move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I hope we shall be able to
get through with the deficiency bill to-day.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Alabama is in order.
REMONSTRANCE AGAINST NEBRASKA BILL.
Mr. CUTTING. "Will the House allow me to
present a remonstrance, signed by the officers of
a meeting, citizens of New York city, expressing
the sense of a public meeting held m that city, at :
i^beuiacle, in opposition to the Nebraska i
bill? They have selected me as their organ, and
as it is very well known that my political senti-
ments differ from those of the persons who at-
tended that meeting, the non-presentation of their
remonstrance by me in open House might be at-
tributed to motives very different from those that
really actuate me; and, therefore, with theconsent
of the House, I will present the remonstrance, and
let it take that direction which the Chair supposes
to be proper.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
remonstrance will be received.
Mr. MACDONALD. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is aware that he can introduce the remon-
strance, under the rule, at the Clerk's table.
Mr. CUTTING. I asked the unanimousconsent
of the House to enable me to present the remon-
strance, simply for the purpose of preventing any
possible misconstruction that might arise m the
minds of those persons who participated in the
meeting. 1 have accomplished that purpose. 1
have made an effort, and objection having been
made, I will present the remonstrance, under the
rule, at the Clerk's table.
Mr. RIDDLE. I hope the gentleman from
Maine will withdraw his objection. This morning
1 received a similar remonstiance, as I suppose,
(having just enteied the House,) to the one which
the gentleman from New York desired to present,
i It is signed by many respectable constituents, and
J although differing with them entirely in the views
i which they have expressed, I would prefer, while
! I concede to them the right of petition, to express
at the time I presenttheir views, the views which
I entertain myself, and which will, m every proba-
bility, control my vote, if 1 like to give it.
The SPEAKER. Is the objection withdrawn ?
Mr. MACDONALD. No, sir; I decline to
withdraw it.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Alabama, that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope that motion will not
prevail. 1 desire to make a statement in relation
to the motion to reconsider.
Mr, HAMILTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, the motion to recon-
sider is the regular business in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will turn to the
rule controlling this matter.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from South
! Carolina, [Mr. Our,] who took the appeal from
the decision of the Chair, is not here, and I insist
that it would not be proper to take up that ques-
tion until he is piesent.*
Mr. FLORENCE. Rather than be considered
discourteous to the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, who is absent, 1 will not interpose any objec-
tion to the postponement of this subject for'the
present.
The SPEAKER. The rules governing this
question are as follows:
** if shall be ilit' standing oider of Hip body, throughout
the sos-hoii. lot tin- flou^e to n'solve iNeJI into the Commit-
tee of the Whole oa the Mate of the Union
i and—
! "The House may at any time, by the vote of a majority
of the mfmbcis present, suspend the rub;-; in oider to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. *'
Mr. FLORENCE. I certainly would not be
discourteous to any gentleman on this floor; and,
therefore, 1 do not desire to be considered as inter-
posing any objection to the postponement of this
matter.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Alabama to withdraw his motion
for one moment, to permit me to ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer a resolution
calling upon the President for copies of certain
papera.
Mr. HAMILTON. I insist on the regular order
of business.
The question was then taken on Mr. Houston's
motion, and it was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Seymour
in the chair.)
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. The subject in order be-
fore the committee for consideration is House bill
(No. 49) to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, J854. No amendment was pending
when the committee rose. The Clerk will proceed
with the reading of the bill.
Mr. HAVEN. I move to insert, after line 125,
the following:
For compensation of two additional clerks in the office
of the Superintendent of the Public Printing, $1,200.
The amendment simply provides compensation
for the two additional clerks ordered by the joint
resolution, which was passed a few days ago.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not see why there can
be objection to thisamendment. It only provides
compensation for the very two clerks the House
gave the Superintendent of the Public Printing. It
is simply in compliance with the law which we
passed two days ago, and against which I voted.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire, by the instruction of
the Committee of Ways and Means, to offer an-
other amendment, which, 1 believe, so far as that
committee is concerned, finishes the troublesome
and raveled question of the public printing; it is
as follows:
For the printing of the Executive Departments, including
for paper, and '.he printing of the annual estimates of ap-
propriations for the year 1855, and for printing, paper, and
binding twenty thousand copies of the annual report of the
Secretai y of the Treasury on Commerce and Navigation for
the year 1853, $9,085.
Mr. Chairman. I will explain the items of the
amendment. That portion of it which provides
for the printing of the Treasury Department be-
' comes necessary, by reason of the transfer of the
j charge of the printing from that Department to
; the office of the Superintendent of the Public
I Printing, by the general printing law of 1852. The
j remainder of the amendment, in reference to the
! printing of the work on commerce and navigation,
j is to supply a deficiency which occurred two
j years ago, and in consequence of the change
: having been made at that time. The account of
' the public printing was thrown then into confusion.
! I believe that the passage of this amendment will
! straighten up ali these accounts, so far as the
| committee, at least, know anything about them.
; The question was taken, and the amendment
1 was adopted.
j The Clerk then proceeded with the reading of
the bill.
i Mr. HOUSTON,. I am instructed by the Com-
i mittee of Ways and Means to submit the follow-
| ing amendment :
| After line 141 insert the following:
For rent of house on the northwest corner of F and
i 17th street*-, ami wanning all the room- in it, ,$385.
J For the compensation and expenses of the commission of
j ciuhans and military men appointed under the piovwon-*
of the fust section of an act entitled uAti act making ap-
propriations for fhe suppott of the Anny for the year end-
ing the .'Wth of June, 135-1," appiovrd 3d March, 1853, to
determine matter* connected with the management of the
national armoiies, £-5,096 61.
Mr. LETCHER took the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the member from
' Alabama yield the floor to the gentleman from
| Virginia ?
[ Mr. HOUSTON. 1 do not want to make a
j speech further than to say that, in relation to this
1 first item of $385, I have a very full explanation
from the Secretary of War, in which he says that
the necessity for it arises in consequence of the
high price of fuel, and the great difficulty of warm-
i ing the house to which it is proposed to apply it.
j The last item is to pay the commissioners who
; examined the contested question whether work
i was better done in the national armories, under the
1 control of civil or military men. That committee
j was m session a consideiable length of time. I
; have that explanation here also. The amendment
i proposed is m conformity to the estimates recom-
| mended by the Secretary of War for the actual
time they were in service.
Mr. LETCHER. I know all that. I have no
great respect for estimates, and I want some in-
formation in respect to this proposition to amend
the deficiency bill. I desire to know, Mr. Chair-
man, what that sum is made up of—what com-
pensation is given to the civilians, and whether it
is proposed to give to the officers of the Army,
who were engaged in the service, additional pay3
