1088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4*
this, and are to be considered after it, will shorten
the deliberation and consideration on this bill, and
for that very reason, if for no other, I should ask
that an early day be assigned for its discussion.
Then, if the blank be not filled, as proposed with
Monday two weeks, I shall move to fill it with
next Monday.
Mr, WELLER. Mr. President, I think the
experience of to-day has demonstrated that the
best policy is to proceed at once to the considera-
tion of the message from the President. I believe,
with the Senator from Delaware, that such was
the intention of the framers of the Constitution,
when they used the phraseology which they em-
ployed in that provision of the Constitution which
has reference to this subject, i know of no public
considerations why we should not immediately
proceed to entertain and dispose of tins question.
The fair, legitimate presumption, jy that every
Senator examined it before he originally gave his
vote. I know it was said yesterday by my friend
from South Carolina, [Mr, Butluji,] that this
matter had not been considered—that it had not
been discussed, it is true there was but a limited
discussion in the Senate upon it at this session;
but the presumption is, that every Senator inves-
tigated the question before he proceeded to decide
upon it. For myself, 1 may way that there never
has been a bili introduced in this body for which
I was so anxious to gi\c my vote as this lull,
which has been vetoed by the Executive. it was
a bill which appealed to all the sympathies
of my heart. It was one' which appealed to all
the warm and generous impulses of my nature;
but, upon calm and patient investigation of the
important principles involved, I dared not, as an
American Senator, with the obligations of an oath
to support the Constitution resting upon me, give
my vote for it. 1 was therefore reluctantly com-
pelled to vote against its passage.
The principles announced by the Executive in
this message, are those by which 1 have been gov-
erned since my entrance into public life. I am a
strict constructionist. I do not believe in that
latitudmous construction of the Constitution which
invests Congress with power and authority to do
whatever the " common defense and general wel-
fare," m their judgment, may demand. That cla^s
of politicians has usually been styled t \-pediency
politicians. I have been compelled to apply the
constitutional test to all questions upon which 1
am compelled to vote; and the application of that
test to thts bill compelled me to vote against it.
Now, sir, t say that we have been discussing
this question to-day, and we may as well proceed
with that discussion. There are some important
bills that are yet to be disposed of. There is the
one which has In en alluded to by my colleague,
and, for personal i ensons, connected with himself,
1 am exceedingly dtsiroiw that it shall be acted
upon within the next two week.-:. Then, again,
there is the homestead lull. Some Senators think
the general principles enunciated in this mes-
sage cover that bill. That is my opinion. If
all the principles announced in the communication
made to us yesterday be correct, the homestead
bill is a violation of the Constitution. But, so far
as that point is concerned, 1 desire to lemain un-
committed until I can hear the discussion, until 1
can hear, part icuiai ly, my friend from South Caro-
lina, who is almost the father of strict construc-
tion.
Mr. President, why can we not proceed to dis-
cus?? this question now' We are in the habit of
adjourning over, oftentimes, from Thursday to
Monday. TIilj is a very bad practice. It has
been introduced by my friend from Worth Caro-
lina; and such has beentheunbounded confidence
1 have usually reposed in hnu, that I have very
generally followed his example, and voted for all
motions to adjourn o\er. Now, 1 propose to re-
form, and to devote I'Viday and Saturday to busi-
ness, instead of visiting tiu- Depaitments; and I
must say that the Senators who make that ex-
cuse have no business at the Departments at all.
[Laughter.] Nobody has any business there ex-
cept the representatives of the new States, and
they have more than they can attend to. I know
that it is so in regard to myself. I am sine that I
have more business there than 1 can attend to.
My friend from Worth Carolina has usuallyurged
that as a pretext; and I venture the prediction that
he does'not have business afr the Departments
once a month. (Laughter.j
Mr. BADGER. Will my friend allow me to
state that I have made the motion for that very
reason. I have no business there*, and I thought,
therefore, the motion had better come from me,
rather than put any of my friends from the new
States to the necessity of making an application
for their personal convenience. [Laughter.]
Mr. WELLER. I knew the motion was dic-
tated by some benevolent motive on the part of
the Senator, but I did not know that it was out of
personal consideration to me. [Renewed laugh-
ter.] Now, why can we not proceed at once to
the consideration of this question ?
Mr. BRODIIEAD. We are considering it.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania says we*are considering it. I do not know
that we are considering it. We are undoubtedly
discussing it, but discussion does not always lead
to consideration. Some speak without any con-
sideration.
Mr. BADGER. We are talking about it.
Mr. WELLER. 1 shall vote against the post-
ponement to next Monday week. 1 think it is due
to the President, it is due to ourselves, it is due
to the couutiy, that we should proceed at once to
dispose of this question. I believe it was the
design of the Constitution that we should proceed
at once to reconsider a bill which is vetoed by
the President. The effect of the veto is simply
this: It is, m effect, a motion to reconsider, and
that motion to reconsider puts the bill m a posi-
tion where it require:1 a vote of two thirds to pass
it. Does any body believe that two thirds of the
►Senate will ever vote to pass this bilP There is
not a Senator here who believes it. Then why
continue a long discussion on the question when
no practical good can result from it, and when it
ir known in advance, thata majority of two thirds
cannot be obtained in a full Senate for its passage ? j
I undertake to say, upon a nice calculation [
which lias been made by a friend of mine, who if; I
" strong " in figures, that there cannot be even a '
majority of this Senate m favor of tins bill, and |
that upon a full vote there will be thirly-ona Sen- i
ators found recording themselves against it. Then,
wherefoie postpone it for two weeks, when you i
know in advance that the bill can never become >
a law? It is one which, in my judgment, ought !
never ^to become a law. I know, sir, that it is ;
one upon which strong appeals have been made '
to the sympathies of Senators; but that in a very i
unsafe guide of action. A Senator had better !
always keep lus eye upon the power of attorney
under which he acts—that is, the Constitution.
The people never intended that we should travel
beyond the Constitution; but whenever we are in
a charitable mood, let us feel in our own pockets,
and not m Uncle Sam's. That is the way to
show our charity and benevolence; not by a viola-
tion of the Constitution, not by transcending the
authority vested m us by that written instrument
which constitutes our power of attorney, but let
us show it by applying our hands to our own
purses to relieve the distressed and the indigent.
Mr. President, I do not know whether, if the
discussion is to be continued, I shall debate this
question further. I have not much to say about j
it. I have not spoken now because I desired to j
hear myself speak, luU because there were other I
Senators who had plunged into this debate, and 1 j
endeavored to show that we had better go on with I
it now. If we do go on with it now, and if my i
friend from North Carolina shall have the temerity '
to move an adjournment over, 1 give him notice j
now that I shall abandon him, and vote against the ,
motion.
Mr. CrWJN. I will withdraw the vesolution. :
so that we may now take up the message.
Mr. PETT1T, Then I move to postpone the i
further consideration of the subject until Monday ;
week. ;
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Ohio;
has a proposition before the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. i accepted the proposition of the :
Senator lrom Ohio, leaving the day blank, and :
therefore 1 can withdraw it. I withdraw it, because j
1 wish the discussion to go on now, in order that !
we may devote next week to another subject. 1
Mr. MALLORY. As I understand, the motion i
now before the Senate is to postpone the further ■
consideration of the subject until Monday week. !
The PRESIDENT. There is no motion before ;
the Senate, as the proposition of the Senator from |
California I rife been withdrawn. i
Mr. MALLORY. Then I move to postpone
the further consideration of the subject until Mon-
day next.
The PRESIDENT. The question is upon that
motion.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, yesterday
upon a simple motion to print, which seemed to
me to be a matter of course, a debate sprang up
which involved the entire policy of the country
[ upon the subject of the public lands. It involved
a great many other things, and occupied the body
! throughout the remainder of the day. Now, upon
1 a proposition to postpone, we are again discussing
j not only theprinciples upon which thepubliclands
are and ought to be administered, but we are dis-
cussing the principles of bills which have already
j been passed and determined. 1 am in favor of
' going on with the discussion of this bill now, be-
; cause we are discussing it, and will continue to
' discuss it. Every gentleman who rises upon the
floor proclaims that lie is not discussing it, but that
the time for debate will come, and that he will be
prepared, at that time, to debate the question fully.
; I think, therefore, we had better take it up now,
; and commence the regular discussion immediately.
; Though I have made a motion to postpone until
Monday, I am in favor of going on with the dis-
^ cussion now, if we can; but X am for a postpone-
ment to Monday next, in preference to any other
postponement which can be made.
Lint, sir, one reason given for the postponement
by the honorable Senator from Illinois, was that
i since the period when he first became a member
of this body, there never has been so favorable an
; opportunity for taking up and establishing a gen-
i eral system for the administration of the public
i lands, as the present. It is admitted upon all aides
that no more important subject can come before
this body than the establishment of some just and
equal policy, satisfactory to all, in reference to the
, administration of the public lands. The honor-
| able Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Tiiomp&on) de
i picted to us the other duy, humorously, how this
i subject enters into almost every presidential can-
! vuss; and, as was said by him, every man who
! comes to these Halls,comes with some predis-
posed policy in reference to these lands, and yet
he finds himself in opposition to a large number
! of his brother Senators and Representatives.
Well, sir, if this be wo important a measure as
the Senator from Illinois supposes, why should
1 we discuss it indirectly? He recommends us to
take up the homestead bill first, and he thinks
that by discussing that bill, we shall obtain a
knowledge of the subject now before us; or, in
i other words, that we should discuss the merits of
this subject indirectly through the merits of an-
other. Why, sir, the merits of this measure in-
volve the merits of the homestead bill. It comes
1 necessarily before us; and if we determine, by a
I large majority, against the principles involved
1 here, it .will influence many, as a matter of course,
. to go against the homestead bill. If yon were to
1 put both in a fair position, and ask which was en-
' titled to priority, from the argument of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, 1 would say, as a matter of
course, that we should take up and dispose of this
1 subject first.
Mr. President, it is apparent to me from a little
inquiry and comparison around the Chamber, that
' this veto is perfectly safe. Two thirds of this
, body will not vote against it. 1 hardly think any
discerning member of the Senate can come to any
other conclusion. Then why not take it up now ?
Why postpone it? As to the matter of disre-
spect to the Executive, I* think it will be no dis-
respect to him whether we postpone it or not.
: Many of the friends of the Administration, I see,
, are for the postponement, and it would be exceed-
ingly unkind to suppose, for an instant, that they
. mean the slightest shadow of disrespect to the
President. But, sir, a respect for the important
measure itself, the necessity which the Senator
from Illinois has pointed out, for the establishment
of agieat policy for the whole country, should
induce us to discuss and consider the subject
, now.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I shall not
make an apology for not discussing this question
upon the motion to postpone, i have waited ail
the morning, in hopes that there might be a ques-
tion taken; and I seconded the motion of the hon-
i orable Senator from Florida for a postponement
I to Monday; but, to my ^reat surprise, he has
