880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
my opinion has undergone no change since. It is
a question of legislative policy, which ought to
have been determined by Congress, and made a
fixed and permanent rule.
But as Congress did vest that discretion in the
President, it was but proper to give him a com-
mission to investigate the subject fully at the-two
national armories; and to enable him to decide,
from the result of that investigation, whether it is
proper that the present system should be contin-
ued, or the old system be reinstated.
The commissioners appointed, of able and prac-
tical men, proceeded to Springfield, and made a
thorough investigation there during a period of
ninety or a hundred days. Why it is that that
investigation was cut s^ort, and they were not
permiti&d, according to the original appointment,
to go to Harper's Ferry, for the purpose of con-
tinuing the investigation there, the public has not
been informed. Certain it is that the people of
Harper's Ferry were prepared there to have thrown
much light upon this question. The board which
sat at Springfield made its report as early as the
latter part of November, and, as has been stated,
two thirds of them concurred in the propriety of
abrogating the present military system, and re-
storing the system of civil superintendence.
Sir, to this day that question remains undecided
by the President of the United States, no doubt
from the pressure of his other public engagements.
It is a subject of profound t egret to us that the
matter continues yet undecided, and more espe-
cially that it has not been already decided in con-
formity to the report of that hoard, in accordance
with opinions expressed by this body, in accord-
ance with the spirit of our institutions, and in ac-
cordance with the clearly ascertained popular will
of this nation.
Now, if there could be any doubt upon a ques-
tion of this kind, that doubt I am sure could be
removed by the prosecution of that investigation
at Harper's Ferry. They are there prepared
With testimony to show what has been the past
and present operation of the two systems, and
how they have respectively operated upon the
interests of the Government and the persons em-
ployed there. I should demand an investigation,
unless I believed the materials now before the
President, are sufficient to enable him to come to
a conclusion such as we expect and hope he may
reach.
I repeat, sir, if I did not believe that those ma-
terials now before the President, collected by the
labor and industry of the commission at Spring-
field, were sufficient to enable him to come to a
satisfactory conclusion on this subject, i should
insist upon my amendment; but believing, as I do,
that that information now before lum is sufficient
to enable him to arrive at the conclusion satisfac-
tory to the country, I will withdraw my amend-
ment, having offered it only for the purpose of
making the few remarks which I have done.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to the
withdrawal of the amendment?
Mr. WALSIL I object.
. Mr. LETCHRR. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to the withdrawal of the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to de-
bate that question.
Mr. LET01IJ5R. I intend to oppose £he
amendment, because I do not consider that there is
any occasion for it.
A Membkr. It has been withdrawn.
Mr. LETCHER. The withdrawal was ob-
jected to. The law of lastsession made provision
for an investigation at both armories, and I am
just as much surpused as my colleague that the
investigation has been confined to Springfield,-and
that Harper's Ferry has been neglected. We de-
sired to have an investigation there also, but I do
not see that tins amendment will accomplish that
purpose.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment to the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Faui.kn'ER.]
Mr. PRATT. What is it?
The CHAIRMAN. It is to add $1,000 to the ;
appropriation reported by the Committee of Ways j
ami Means. j
Mr. PR ATT. I am opposed to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion is exhausted
on the amendment to the amendment. '
The question was taken; and the amendment to i
the amendment was rejected. [
Mr. PRATT. I move to increase the appro-
priation one dollar.
1 am surprised, Mr. Chairman, that anybody in
this committee should move to increase that appro-
priation $1,000. For my own part, as an hum-
ble individual residing somewhere near Spring-
field, where that commission sat, to examine its
armory, I am perfectly satisfied that the whole
thing was a humbug—perfectly so. I would not
give one rash for their report, though by no means
calling into question the character for veracity of
those gentlemen. Most of the time they were
perambulating New England. They were in
Springfield only for a brief period; and if I am
correctly advised—but I may be mistaken—they
were bound for Harper's Ferry, when told not to
go there, for the reason that the course pursued at
Springfield had rendered the commission unpop-
ular. 1 believe I am correct when I make this
statement. *
1 wish to be distinctly understood. Individually
I have no hostility to the commission; on the con-
trary, I feel that they are honorable men. At-
tending parties and dinners and drinking cham-
pagne, I believe, was their principal business.
[Laughter.] I did not see them there, but 1 know
that the course they pursued was anything but
popular with the mass of the people residing in
that vicinity. I do not believe that they would do
one particle of good if they were to go to Harper's
Ferry, more than they did at Springfield. 1 pre-
sume, as the commission was created under an
act of Congress, that the Government is bound to
pay their compensation and expense.
Mr. BANKS. I am opposed, Mr. Chairman,
to the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Connecticut, for the reason that it is not sufficient
to effect a material change in the question. 1 doubt
very much whether any good is to be secured by
the appointment of commissions to investigate mat-
ters of detail like those submitted to the commis-
sion which sat at Springfield. The question at the
bottom of this subject is one not so much of de-
tail as priciple. It is a question of discipline. Now
it is as necessary that there should be strict dis-
cipline among the mechanics in the armory at
Spiingfield, as among the soldiers of the Army in
service anywhere else; but the discipline is of a
different character. The discipline of the armory
is not of that character which prevails in the Ar-
my, and therefore it is not, in the nature of things,
proper or right, as a matter of principle, that the
mechanics employed at the armory should be
placed under the superintendence of gentlemen
educated in the discipline of the Army. The me-
chanics ought not to be required to submit to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark to
the gentleman from Massachusetts that the ques-
tion before the committee is as to the appropria-
tion to pay the commission for the expenses al-
ready incurred. That is the general question.
Mr. BANKS. I understand that very well;and
I am opposed to the payment of this commission
for the reason I have stated. I say, sir, that con-
sidering it a question of discipline simply, a com-
mission for that purpose could not be satisfactory
or serviceable to the country, and that the proper
tribunal for its settlement is the House of Represent-
atives, with the other blanches of the Government
acting m a legislative capacity. A commission
ought not to depend so much on theevidence ofgeri-
llehien, in reference to the execution of particular
kinds of work, as upon the great principle of dis-
cipline which is at the bottom of it. Therefore I
am opposed to it; and 1 hope, as has been sug-
gested by the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, that the question may come up here-
after, when it may be debated in its full length and
breadth. 1 desire to say, at this time, that I am
as well opposed also to the extension of the com-
mission for that purpose, and to the payment of
the commission which sat in the State which I in
part have the honor to represent.
I desire, in addition, to say one word in reply
to the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Pratt,] ;
as to the commission which sat in Springfield. He i
says the commission was unpopular. "Well, sir, i
in the nature of things, it would be more or less !
unpopular. Therearedifl'erentinterests. In Spring-!
field, as also in the State of Massachusetts, so fai !
as t am informed, there is among mechanics no '
uiueience m sentiment upon this question. This
system of military superintendence is unpopular,
because it is unserviceable to the Government, and
unjust to the men employed. The commission
must, more or less, perfectly represent both inter-
i ests; and in so far as its members, in the progress
of the examination, should side with one or the
other, dissatisfaction would follow.
Besides the inquiry, departing from the simple
and single question of principle which should lie
at its foundation, and entering upon minute details
as to the execution of work,and treatment of work-
| men.it would degenerate into personality, upon
| which different persons would take different sides.
| This was not the fault of the commission, of
! course, but it shows that, in the nature of the
J inquiry, it could have no essential elements of
1 popularity, and therefore could not be greatly ser-
viceable to the Government or the people, in deter-
mining the delicate questions submitted by Con-
The question was then put on the amendment
to the amendment to reduce the appropriation one
dollar, and it was rejected.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I propose the
following amendment:
And the President shall cause the commission to con-
tinue their examination at the armory at Harper's Ferry.
Mr. HOUSTON. I make a point on that amend-
ment. This is a proposition to amend the defi-
ciency bill,by appropriating compensation for those
gentlemen who hnve made the examination at the
armory at Springfield. I object to the amendment
because it proposes new legislation, or additional
legislation, on the subject. This is bringing up
the whole question, instead of the mere question of
compensating the commission. It is bringing up
the whole question of legislation on which we do
not propose to legislate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has some
doubts about its being in order. The original bill
is to supply deficiencies in appropriations for the
year ending June 30, 1854. The amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Stanton] is not a proviso to any appropriation,
but is unconnected with all appropriations for a
deficiency. It provides that the President shall
hereafter cause the commission to continue their
examination at the armory at Harper's Ferry.
"Mr. STANTON. I will amend the amend-
ment by saying, " provided further" after "and."
Tiien it becomes a proviso to an appropriation.
If 1 understand the matter aright, these commis-
sioners have not been discharged from their du-
ties. They are still in the service of the Govern-
ment, and the effect of the amendment simply is
to provide that their duties shall not be terminated
until they have performed them in full. It was a
part of their original duty to examine the armory
at Harper's Ferry, as well as that at Springfield;
and they have but half performed it by examin-
ing and reporting in regard to the latter.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is of such a nature as not to be ad-
missible
Mr. H1BBARD. It is clearly out of order.
Mr. STAN TON. I shall have to take an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair. It seems to
me that while we are providing for the payment
of these commissioners for services partially ren-
deied, we certainly can direct the President to
carry out the object for which the commission
was originally appointed, and continue the exam-
ination.
Mr. HOUSTON. As far as we are informed,
I that commission has discharged its duties, and is
' not now in existence.
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw the appeal; and
j to obviate all difficulties, I propose to put in an
appropriation of $500 to continue the examina-
tion.
_ I am not opposed, Mr, Chairman, to the pay-
, ment to these gentlemen for the services already
performed.
Mr. HOUSiON. I desire to hear the amend-
ment read.
Tne CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report the
amendment. 1
The amendment was read, as follows:
And the President shall caus« the said commission to
■ i0"!!,'!1!0 11 ex<niniiHtiun at Harper's Ferry, and that
i $.>,00 j b'} appropriated for that purpose.
! . ^-r* HOUSTON. I make the point of otder,
■ in accordance with the decision yesterday, that it
■ is not a deficiency, not an appropriation proper
I for this bill. The amendment creates a new com-
