1090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
W. Johnson, chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
inclosing a copy of my report of tho 17tli instant, on thp
'claim of the Creek Indians for lands relinquished to the
Government by the treaty of Fort Jackson, in 1814, req nest-
ing an estimate of the amount, which, m your judgment,
should he appropriated on that account.
(i Relerring to my leportfor my views in regard to the
merits of this claim, and considering the great length of
time that it ha? remained un?>atisfied, I am of opinion that
twenty cents per acre would be a model ate compensation
for the lands belonging to the friendly Greeks, and relin-
quished to the Government by said treaty."
That was the opinion of the late Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, (Mr. Lea.) The Committee on
Indian Affairs have taken no such estimate of the
value, as their criterion; but, after reducing the
amount acknowledged to have been ceded by the
friendly Creeks, without any consideration what-
ever, from ten to eight millions of acres, they
have, in place of reporting twenty cents per acre, l
provided merely for the payment at the rate of!
six and a quarter cents per acre. Thus they have ;
not only brought down the amount of land, but j
brought down the compensation to be paid for it, ;
from the amount mentioned by the Commissioner j
of Indian Affairs, twenty cents to six and a quarter j
cents per acre. Eight million acres, at six and a j
quarter cents, make up the amount proposed to j
be appropriated by the amendment. |
Mr. BELL. What does the present Commis- |
sioner of Indian Affairs recommend ? j
Mr. WALKER. The present Commissioner |
has sent us a report, in which he estimates the I
quantity of land at even more than was estimated !
by the previous Commissioner, but I do not think '
he gives an opinion in regard to its value. I do !
not know that he has been addressed on that sub- ;
ject. We addressed him an inquiry as to the j5
amount of this land which had been sold, and the !
amount of proceeds which had been received by j
the Government from those sales. That matter i
he referred to the Commissioner of the General j
Land Office; and the Land Commissioner said he i
thought it would take about six months to ascer- j
tain the facts. There is, however, an estimate i
somewhere among the documents which, perhaps, !
approximates somewhere to the truth; and from ;
that it appears that the Governmentof the United !
States has sold seven million five hundred and 1
seventy-one thousand three hundred and fifty-four i
acres of those lands, leaving yet unsold six mil-
lion seven hundted and thirteen thousand four j
hundred and forty-six acres, which, at the usual ;
minimum price of public lands, would amount to j
$8,391,807 50. The Government has received I
from the lauds sold, #11,359,947 98. Thismakes J
about $19,000,000 which the Government will j
have received, if it shall sell all the lands for the !
minimum price. These lands were obtained from !
friendly allies, without ever paying them one far- \
thing, but by forcing them into the position of i
enemies. Now, sir, at this lale day, the com-,
rmttee propose to pay them, as a consideration for '
the subject-matter of this great speculation on the !
part of the Government, the sum to which eight j
millions of acres amount at six and a quarter i
cents per acre—that is, §500,000. i
Mr, BENJAMIN. Will the Senator allow me ,
to propose a question to him ? i
Mr. WALKER. Certainly. !
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is in reference to the \
previous history of this application. Why is it
before us at this late day? i
Mr. WALKER. I will give the answer which ,
is given in the memorial itself. It will he borne !
in mind that, at the time of this capitulation, the ■
Indians were promised indemnify for spoliations
committed on their personal property, their vil- ,
lages, and houses; and $195,000, 1 believe, were
appropriated for those personal losses. About
half that amount was paid at an early period, but
the balance was withheld. The reason why they ,
have not ventured to present their claim for these
lands is, that they have not been able to obtain
satisfaction for their other injuries We know ■
the fact to be that, up to 1850—the time when this
claim was brought before the Senate—they were j
continually urging payment for injun.es to their
personal property, and they did not get that until
that late day, when a balance of $87,000 was paid :
to them. :
Mr. BENJAMIN. They did not get that re-,
mainder until 1851 r
Mr. WALKER. I think not. But the chair-
man of the committee is, perhaps, better posted
on that subject than I am. i
■ Mr. TOOMBS. Theatre getting some of it
in this very bill. The chairman of the Committee
on Finance reported a provision for them as an
amendment to this bill.
Mr. WALKER. 1 was going on to remark
that 1 believe they have not ail been paid yet.
They have been prosecuting another claim; they
have been prosecuting a demand which they had
for injuries to their personal property, their vil-
lages, houses, &c., until the time when this claim
originated; and, 1 believe, I may safely say that
the whole of .the claim for personal injuries has
not yet been paid.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe all have been paid,
with the exception of two who were left out in the
census. That is what the Senator from Georgia
referred to, I suppose.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir. I say a portion of
the claims for injuries committed by the hostiles
during the last war, has not yet been paid, and
that the Committee on Finance have reported for
the payment of some of them in this bill.
Mr. WALKER. That is the only reason that
I can give in answer to the Senator from Louisi-
ana. Whether it be a good one or not, I do not
pretend to argue; but 1 can say that these Indians
have been most singularly ill-treated, if my judg-
ment does not fail me entirely. When they have
been treated as they were, it seems to me not at
ail surprising that they should have long since
despaired of getting anything like fair play from
the Government. The Government made a
promise to indemnify them for personal injuries,
and yet it has delayed the fulfillment of thepromise
till now. Is it surpiising that this should have
operated on the Indians, particularly when the
Government was so prompt to make provision for
the payment of the citizens of Georgia, and, I be-
lieve, of Alabama, who had sustained injury during
this war, and when it so promptly set aside funds
to pay lor those damages, and when, after every-
thing had been proved up against that fund which
could possibly be, there were yet $100,000 of it
left, which were paid over to Georgia. These
Indiuna saw that this sum of $100,000, which
could not be claimed by anybody, was, for some
cause or other, without reason, rhyme, or justice,
absolutely ordered to be paid over, in gross, to the
Governor of Georgia, and it was done. The re-
siduum of the fund which was set apart to pay
indemnity to the citizens of Georgia could not be
exhausted by the sums proved, and a balance of
$100,000 was left; and General Jackson ordered
it to be paid over to the Governor of Georgia.
Since I nave been in the Senate of the United
States, the injustice of that provision was seen to
be so clear that Congress appiopriuted the money
to the Indians again. When these facts are con-
sideied, 1 do not think it at all wonderful that
these people should have slumbeied on their
rights.
Mr. TOOMBS. Will the Senator allow me to
correct him in reference to General Jackson? I
will do that old General, though I have never
had a very strong regard for him, the justice to
say that that was not done by him, but by an act
of Congress, which was passed in 1834. The
original appropriation, I believe, was for $340,000
to pay for certain damages; and in Mr. Monroe's
time a number of claims were ruled out, but during
General Jackson's administration, the balance re-
ferred to was paid over by legislation to Georgia.
Mr. WALKER. Then 1 take back that re-
mark; but I thought I recollected enough of the
histoiy of the matter to know that Congress had
| not interposed.
! Mr TOOMBS. Congress did it; but being sat-
5 lifted subsequently of the wrong, which I have no
i doubt they committed, they passed, within the
i. last six or seven years, an act paying to the In-
j dians, the money which had been improperly ap-
j plied to G eoriria. It was paid to Georgia in 1834,
: during the administration of General Jackson. I
I helped, my.seif, in getting the act passed for pay-
i ing the money over to the Indians.
' Mr. WALKER. Then I will ask that the
portion of my speech in relation to General Jack-
son be stricken out; for certainly there are few
greater admirers of him and of his memory than
I am; but I was of the opinion that the history of
the transaction which I have given was correct.
Be that point as it may, these Indians did not get
justice in that particular until within the last few
years; since I have been here, I think it was in the
year 1849 or 1850, that they got justice done them
m this respect.
Now, sir, it is a question for the Senate to say
whether they will make this appropriation to these
friendly Indians for what they have certainly been
deprived of. They ceded their country to us under
peculiar circumstances, and they were deprived of
the benefit of it. The benefit of the cession has
gone to the United States. That this Government
long since derived millions of dollars from that for
which it is now proposed to give these Indians a
small pittance, cannot be disputed. If, however,
the Senate shall deem it now not just to them, or
unjust to the Government of the United States to
pay them this money, be it so. But I think that,
when we are entering upon something like a per-
manent policy for the Indians, we may, with great
propriety, look about us, and see whether we can-
not grant them their due. I think we ought, as
far as possible, to throw aside the assumption of
anything like a position which will place us in the
attitude of bestowing charities on them. If they
have anything due to them, by which can be cre-
ated a fund for their support and civilization, it is
well that Congress should appropriate it to them.
It is better, I believe, to make an appropriation in
that light, than to make general appropriations,
such as were asked for the other day for the Califor-
nia Indians—as a matter of gratuity. I think the
policy is a better one for the country, to pay them
what is found to be justly their due, than make
independent appropriations for their support, or
for the preservation of peace with them. I shall
say nothing more on the subject of this claim at
present.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until to-morrow,
i for the purpose of proceeding to the consideration
of Executive business.
Mr. HUNTER. As the Senator from Arkan-
sas stated yesterday that there was pressing neces-
sity for an Executive session, I will not interpose
any objection to the motion, but I wish merely to
express the hope that we may be able to take up,
and dispose of this bill to-morrow.
Mr. BRIGHT. To-morrow is private bill ob-
jection day.
Mr. STUART. I suggest to the Senator
from Virginia, that if he desnes to do anything of
! the kind, it will be necessary to move to suspend
die rule, and he must give notice of it to-day or he
cannot do it.
Mr. HUNTER. I give notice, then, that X
will to-morrow move to suspend the rule.
Mr. SUA4NER. 1 would ask if to-morrow is
not objection dav?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rusk.)
It is.
Mr. CHASE. The rule ought not to be sus-
pended to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a strong reason for
not suspending it then.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish to make one request
of the Senator fiom Wisconsin, as he seems to
have investigated this subject. It is, that he will
turn his mind, first, to the treaty of 1818 with the
Creeks, the arrangement made by the party headed
by Mcintosh, by whom the original claim is stated
to have been made; then to the treaty of 1826 with
the same Indians, made by Mr. Barbour, the Sec-
; retary of War of the late President, Mr. Adams;
I then to the treaty of 1832 made with these Creeks;
i and ascertain whether they ever presented such a
i claim in the first, middle, or final adjustment of
| all their demands against the Government of the
j United States; and whether this claim was referred
■ to m any one of those negotiations. I merely
i want him to turn his mind to it, and see if he can
, find such a reference.
i Mr. WALKER. I will remind the Senator
' from Georgia that he will find that those treaties
i related to a different subject-matter. They could
; not treat in relation to this matter, for the capitu-
| lation of Fort Jackson of 1814 had divested them
' of all interest here. But I will say to him, and
! furthermore, in reply to the query put to me by
] the Senator from Louisiana, that it will be found
j that with the inception of this matter they put
J their protest in form against the treaty or capitu-
| lation of Fort Jackson; and it will be found
j among the archives of the Government.
| Mr. DAWSON. But did they, in any subse-
i quent treaty, claim the payment of damages?
