382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
and made an examination. They now present
their bills to Congress for payment, and this prop-
osition to instruct them to go to Harper's Perry,
it seems to me, is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has ruled it
out of order.
. Mr. DICKINSON. I know that. I want to
know, from the reading of the act, under what
authority that commission was created.
I want, then, merely to say that if the commis-
sion, having been appointed under an act of Con-
gress, have proceeded in part to discharge the
■duties which they were authorized to discharge,
it is of no consequence whether they have been
prevented from discharging all their duties or not;
we are under obligation to pay them for what
they have done. If the question is whether they
are entitled to eight dollars a day, or to any other
sum that is a proper matter to come before this
committee; but, as I understand it, the only ques-
tion isf whether they shall be paid for what they
hare done.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts propose an amendment? If not,
remarks are not in order at this time.
Mr. DICKINSON. I propose to increase the
amount of the appropriation five dollars.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 have sent the law up to
the Clerk's table, and if the gentleman wishes it,
he can have it read now.
Mr. DICKINSON. I ask that it may be read.
The Clerk read the law, as follows :
" Foi repaiis, improvements, and new machinery at
Springfield armorv, §46,094: Provided, That fiom and
after the l«t day of July next, the act of Congress approved
August 23, 1842, be so modified that the President may, if,
in his opinion, the pubhe interest demand it, place over
any armory a superintendent, who does not belong to the.
Army; and iu order to enable him to decide to his satisfac-
tion, he is hereby authorized to cause the neee«=>aiy and
proper inquiries to be mstuuiud, through the medium of a
commi--Hion of civilian* and military men, with a view of
ascertaining which of the two syMeiu^ is more econom-
ical, efficient, and sale lor the man;t*ement of the public
armories—that lounerly existing, of superintendence by
civil officer*-; or that now existing, ol superintendence by
officers of the Oidnanco Department."
Mr. DICKINSON. I merely wish to say,
further, that so far as the commission have pro-
ceeded to discharge their duties they ought to
be paid. The question now before the House is,
what amount they shall receive as compensation,
and this question of civil or military superintend-
ence is not legitimately before us.
As I understand it, the law leaves that matter
in the hands of the President of the United States.
Whenever it comes up legitimately for discussion
here, ifcwill devolve upon me, as the representa-
tive of the district in wiiich the Springfield armory
is located, to take some part in the discussion. 1
do not wish now to state what my views are upon
the question, but if the matter comes up 1 shall
take occasion to address the House upon it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts. It
may not perhaps be germane to the subject or
clearly in order, but I desire to ask a single ques-
tion of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means. I wish to know whether this com-
mission have performed all theirdutiesj or whether
they have been released from the performance of
a portion of those duties ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Judging from the communi-
cations before the Committee of Ways and Means,
I .should come to the conclusion, without the least
hesitation, that they have discharged all the duties
that the lav/ devolved upon them, under the direc-
tion of the President of the United States.
The commission was to report to the President,
and he was to appoint such superintendent as he
might choose under the direction of Congress. I
take it that they are to perform no more duties than
they have already performed, unless another law
be passed with that view.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then f conceive, if the
commission has discharged iu duties, and there
are none others for it to discharge, its members
ought to be paid. The only question is, whether
the military men of the commission shall be paid
m addition to their regular pay in the Army. For
my own part, 1 am not willing to sanction, by my
vote,any increase of pay forthedischargeof d uties
to winch these officers were detailed by the Presi-
dent of the United {States. Nor do 1 concur with
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell.] I
japeak for myself, and do not attempt to apologize
for the course which the gentleman may conceive
it to be his duty to pursue, when I declare that I
have no hesitation in saying to this committee that
I am uncompromisingly opposed to the discharge,
by military or naval men, of the mere mechanical
duties of the Government.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is out of
order. Gentlemen have been ruled out of order
on several occasions for alluding to that subject in
this connection.
Mr. FLORENCE. I presume that I may be
indulged with an opportunity to explain my posi-
tion so far as the gentleman from Illinois referred
to the subject. I am an uncompromising friend
of the present Administration, and I do not hesi-
tate to make the declaration upon this floor; but
I am not one of those who believe that " the king
can do no wrong." I am opposed, I may say
in reply, and by way of explanation of the posi-
tion which I occupy upon this floor, to mere mili-
tary men superintending the civil, or rather the
mechanical, departments of this Government. I
am, then, opposed, and I cannot help expressing
the opposition, to the superintending of the exten-
sion of the Capitol by gentlemen belonging to the
engineer department of the Government.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call the gentleman to or-
der. If the course of remark in which the gen-
tleman is indulging be out of order [ object to his
proceeding in it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania is out of order. The question is
upon increasing the compensation to be paid these
gentlemen.
Mr. FLORENCE. I clearly comprehend the
amendment. I am giving the best possible rea-
sons why their compensation should not be in-
creased. I do not think that military men are in
their proper province at Springfield or at Harper's
Ferry. I am of opinion that for the discharge of
mechanical duties mechanics should be selected.
In constituting this commission it was not neces-
sary to select officers of the Army or the officers of
the Navy for the performance of the duties in-
trusted to it. It would have been better consti-
tuted of mechanics, who are more acquainted with
the mere details of the manufacturing of arms than
such officers. The best person to be selected for
the discharge of the mechanical duties of any de-
partment of the Government is a mechanic; and,
believing: thus, I am opposed to the proposed in-
crease of compensation.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. GOODRICH. I propose to increase the
appropriation §200.
I concur entirely with my colleague on my left,
[Mr. Dickinson,] that the question before the
committee is the amount that we are to appropri-
ate for the payment of the services which have been
lendered by the members of this commission; and
that is the only question. Suppose the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] should show that
this system of military supermtendency in our
national armories is all wrong. Would that
show that we ought not to pay for the services
which have been already rendered by this com-
mission, under the law of the last Congress, or
what the amount ought to be? But I do n<*t pro-
pose to discuss this question. I wish to say a
single word in reference to a remark of my col-
league [Mr. Banks] over the way. Referring to
tiie statement of the gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Pratt,] which was in substance that the '
course pursued by the commissioners had been j
such as to render them very unpopular, my col- j
league says that the people of Massachusetts are )
all opposed to the system of military superintend-
ency—that theie is but one opinion there on this
subject. This is substantially what he said, as I
understood him. Now, sir, I think this state-
ment is much too broad. So far as I understand
the facts, (and I think I understand something
about them,) public opinion is considerably di-
vided upon this question, particularly in Spring-
field and vicinity, where the armory is situated.
Many are very strongly in favor of the military
system; and many, anil the mechanics, I think
very generally, are as strongly m favor of the
civil system. ' j
This undoubtedly is the fact, which is all I de- j
sire to say c<t this time, further than to lemork, j
lest what 1 have now satd should be misunder-
stood, that I voted in the last Congress to substi- |
tute the civil for the military superintendency, and
should do so again.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment.
Mr. GOODRICH. If there be no objection I
wish to withdraw it.
No objection being made, the amendment to the
amendment was withdrawn.
The question was then put on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Houston, and it was adopted.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania, offered the
following amendment:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and be is hereby, directed, out of any money
in the Treasuiy not otherwise appropriated, to apply such
sum as in ins opinion may be necessary to complete the
building for the custom-house, post office, and court-house
m the city ot Pittsburg, and to furnish such building in a
manner appropriate to its use';, and to improve the grounds
attached to said building; and also to pay to the two com-
missioners who superintended the construction of said
building a compensation at three dollars a day each lor the
time they were actually employed iu superintending the
same, and for which the said Secretary shall think them en-
titled : Provided, That the sum so, as aforesaid, to bo ex-
pended by the Secretary of the Treasury shall not esceed
the sum now remaining unexpendedof appropriationsheie-
tofore made for the said building.
Mr. RITCHIE. I desire to state to the House
the necessity of passing this amendment at the
present time. This building has just been com-
pleted. The amendment asks for no additional
appropriation whatever, but simply gives author-
ity to the Secretary to apply a sum of money for
the completion and furnishing the building, not to
exceed the unexpended balance heretofore appro-
priated for the construction of this building. I de-
sire to have this amendment passed now, because
the lease of the building at present occupied by
the Government will expire on the first of the
coming April. We desire to have the new build-
ing put in order for us before the arrival of that
time. It asks no additional appropriation what-
ever. It is to be paid out of an unexpended bal-
ance of an appropriation heretofore made; which
balance was set aside, for this very purpose, by
the architects under whose charge the building
was erected. No part of the sum was specifically
appropriated for that purpose, and on that account
the Secretary considered that there was a technical
difficulty in ordering it to be applied to the object
j which we now seek to accomplish. For this cause
it was necessary to come before Congress to ask
| that this balance may be applied in this manner,
j I trust there will be no objection to this amend-
1 ment.
I The question was taken, and the amendment
| was agreed to.
| Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee of
; Ways and Means, offered the following amend-
' ment:
i For the expenses of the House of Representatives for
j hoi sc.* and carnages, .'$•840
! For newspapcis for member3, $9,000.
i For paces, $1,9^6.
For binding documents, .$'77,596 40.
MjK'i'llanpoin items .$'10,000.
For binding the Congie.-sjonal Globe and Appendix for
the second session oi the Thirty-Second Congi^s*, live
! thousand and eighty-eight volume^ at sixty cents per vol-
! ume, BO.
, For messenger for Speaker, £312.
For payment tor Annals of Congress ordered for the
Houxe Library, being one hundred copies each of the fol-
lowing volumes: the first, second, and third volumes of the
Tenth Congress, the first, second, and thud volumes of the
Eleventh Congress, in all six hundred volumes, at fi\e
dollars a volume, $3,000,
For printing Index to Private Claims, ordered to be printed
by the House of Repiesematives, by resolution of 22d De-
cember, 1851, £20,000,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, I wish to propose
a question to the gentleman from Alabama? [Mr.
Houston-.] There is a messenger to the Speaker,
and according to the original arrangement in re-
gard to that matter he was to be one of the mes-
sengers of the House. That did not involve any
orginal expense.
Mr. HOUSTON. The direction made by the
House was that the Speaker should have the ap-
pointment of one of the messengers of the House,
whose compensation should be four dollars a day,
instead of two and a half. The estimate was for
an entire new messenger, but the committee have
cut it down, and reported the difference between
four dollars and two and a half.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I offer the following
amendment to the amendment:
