1950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
strong enough under the present rate of compen-
sation—that there is a deficiency of some three or
four thousand men in making up the regular com-
plement of soldiers. Now, sir, if the complement
of soldiers is wanting, and if increase of pay is
necessary to secure it, I am perfectly willing that
the increase of pay recommended in this bill for
non-commissioned officers and privates shall be
made. But X give notice that, if I have an op-
portunity, I shall move to strike out from the first
section of the bill the following lines:
"A major general,$285 ; a brigadier general, $165 ; a col-
onel, $135; a lieutenant colonel, $115; a major, §95; a
captain ot cavalry, §85; a captain of artillery and infantry,
$75; a first lieutenant of cavalry, §65 ; a first lieutenant of
artillery arid infantry, ,$57 ; a second lieutenant of cavalry,
$55; a second lieutenant of artillery and infantry, $47; a
cadet, $*33."
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment was sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Grow,] and is now pending.
Mr. LETCHER, if I can get the floor I shail
move to strike outthe whole bill, from the twenty-
sixth line of the first section.
Mr. McMULLIN. I have listened to this dis-
cussion, Mr. Chairman, with somewhat of morti-
fication. 1 had not expected that a bill of the
character of the one now under consideration
would have emanated from the source whence it
did. Had the proposition been merely for the
increase of the present pay of the rank and file of
the Army, and of the officers from the captain
down, 1 should not have been disappointed, I
was indeed disappointed, nay, mortified, at seeing
my colleague, [Mr. Faulkner,] now acting, in the
absence of the chairman, as head of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, come here with this bill
proposing a large increase of the pay of the
officers of your Arlny, a pay now higher by a great
deal than that given to the civil officers under the
Government. *
There are but few of us who have looked into
this subject with a view of obtaining exact in-
formation in reference to the amount actually re-
ceived by officers of the Army, in the way of com-
pensation fur therr services. Your major general
receives over $7,000 per annum. Call on General
Scott, the highest officer m command, and he will
tell you thathis pay is upwards of $7,000. Is not
that enough? The actual pay of every officer of
the Army is within a fraction of double what it
seems to be on the Army Register. Notwithstand-
ing the receipt of these large salaries, they are
continually crying More! morek During the last
Congress, chief clerks and heads of bureaus came
forward, when we manifested a disposition to iri-
ciease the salaries of cleiks, and asked that their
salaries might also be increased m proportion; and
now, while we are all willing and anxious to in-
crease the pay of the private soldiers who fight
the bullies of the country, I doubt whether we
shall Miccced in that praiseworthy object unless
we *>!«o increase the pay of the officers of the
Army.
Mr. KEITT. Do not the officers also fight?
Mr. McMULLIN. Sometimes they do, and
other times they do not. Very frequently they
keep out of harm's wa)'.
It has been well said by my colleague that you
find every employee of the Government asking
for an increase of pay. It was but the other day
that you incieased the pay of your Cabinet offi-
cers. Gentlemen need not tell me that this Dem-
ocratic Congress is not to be held responsible for
tl. is inciease. I have already heard it proclaimed
in this liali that the Wilis: party intend to go be-
foie the country in the next presidential election,
cry out and spare not, against the extravagance
of a Democratic Administration. Who can deny
the fact? But when you come to examine the
records, it will not be difficult to show that the
Wh>g party have voted for the most extravagant
appiopriarions made by this Congress. It is true
that they will attempt to hold this Democratic
•Congress, with a majority of fifty or sixty, re-
sponsible: and when you go before the country,
and appeal to the country to know why this Ad-
ministration has expended upwards of sixty mil-
Kens of dollars, you will be told, as my colleague
has told the House to-day, that a fraction of the
.Democratic party, together with the Whig party,
have made those expenditures, i tell my col-
league, who reported this bill, that the Democratic
party will be held responsible. Notwithstanding
the fact mat we can show by the record that the
Whigs have voted for some of the most extrava-
gant appropriations, yet, managed by my adroit
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] and others of
his associates, they will go before the country and
hold this Congress responsible for extravagant
appropriations. I ask, then, if this committee are
prepared by their votes to increase the pay of
their officers ?
The hour having now arrived for closing the
general debate upon the bill, under the order of
the House,
The CHAIRMAN stated that thepending ques-
tion was upon the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, to strike out all after the enacting
words of the bill down to the fourteenth line.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I did not propose to par-
ticipate in this discussion at all. Nor is it my in-
tention to consume any more of the time of this
House 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Ohio submit an amendment ?
• Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to strike out the
whole section.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
in order. The Chair would suggest to the gen-
tleman that it is competent to amend any part of
the section proposed to be stricken out.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to reduce the
amount m the fifth line of the bill to sixty-five
dollars, instead of two hundred and sixty-five dol-
lars. i move this amendment simply for the pur-
pose of making a few remarks m reply to those
made by my friend from Virginia, [Mr. McMul-
len.] He alluded to the probable course which
the Whig party would take in the next presiden-
tial election; and has kindly singled'rue out as
one of those who might occupy a prominent part
in the canvass. I do not know, sir, in the pres-
ent mixed up condition of parties, where 1 shall
be found in the next presidential canvass; but 1
hope I shall be found, in ail future time, as I have
been in all the past, in favor of an economical ex-
penditure of the funds of the people's Treasury.
Sir, if I recollect aright, it was asserted by the
paity in power, in the last presidential struggle,
that the Whig party had wantonly and extrava-
gantly expended the money of the people; and
we were promised, in the event of a Democratic
triumph, retrenchment and reform. I presume
that no one was more eloquent in these charges
and promises than my friend from Virginia was
his district. At the opening of the present ses-
sion, after the election of the Speaker, I took
occasion to advert to the fact, that there was in
this Hall a majority of more than two to one of
the Democratic party, coming into power on the
strength of these promises, and I called upon that
majority to recollect that, so far as I was con-
cerned—as one of the minority—I would hold the
party in power to a strict accountability for all
their acts of legislation. And thegentleman should
not be surprised, therefore, if, on some future oc-
casion, we bring the record of their legislative acts
against them, on the trial before the people. But
the gentieman from Virginia now coniplams that
a portion of the Democratic party have been aided
by some of the Whig members of this House to
carry through extravagant and unnecessary ap-
propriations. If the Democratic party, being in
a majority of two to one in both legislative
branches, and holding all the Executive offices,
does not hold itself responsible to the people for
the reckless expenditure of the public money, I
jj should like to know from the honorable gentleman
[! how large a majority it will require in order to
make that party accountable? [Laughter.]
;i Mr. FATJLKNER, (interrupting; ) I desire to
J' make a single remark, if the gentleman from Ohio
11 will permit me.
|j Mr. CAMPBELL. I cannot yield the floor
! now. I am about to close in a minute or two.
11 Mr, FAULKNER. I wish to make but a sin-
j] gle remark, which is this: I will not call the gen-
jj tleman to order, because he is replying to the gen-
ii tleman from Virginia, [Mr. AIcMuixint.] But I
■I give notice—it being my duty to attend to this
| bill—that I will hereafter call every gentleman to
i: order who deviates from the proposition under
discussion. ^
|j Mr. CAMPBELL. Then E hope the gentle-
man will make his point of order when his col-
li league deviates from the rule, when he expands
!j on the gross and wanton expenditure of his party,
and seeks to make a party that is gtripped of all
power 
Mr. FAULKNER. I said to the gentleman
that I did not mean to call him to order; but I
gave notice that I intended hereafter to call every
gentleman to order who did not speak to the
amendment under discussion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand my friend
means nothing unkind or unfair.
I merely rose to call the attention of the House
to the fact that this notice was served by me on
the majority at the opening of the session, the
moment after the Speaker was elected, and before
the House was fully organized, as will be shown
by the record of the debates. Now, sir, coming
in, as the Administration party did, with this
overwhelming majority, it will not answer the
purpose of gentlemen who have made to the people
such promises of retrenchment and reform, to
attempt to make the Whigs, who are destitute of
power, responsible for the measures of extrava-
gance by which their Congress, pursuing the
recommendations of their Executive officers, ap-
! propriates, in a single session, $70,000,000.
| [Here the hammer fell.]
J Mr. GIDDINGS. I will detain the committee
J but for a moment in reply to my colleague, [Mr.
| Campbell.] 1 am opposed to his amendment.
| This Army bill has been one of the standing sub-
jects of contention of this House for the last
twenty years, and I have never known one single
improvement made upon it, except when the lead-
ing men of both parties united in a determination
to effect a reform. 1 believe the last improvement
made was in 1842. At that time the distinguished
gentleman from Tennessee—the late Postmaster
General [Mr. Johnson]—and the venerable member
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] with all their
eneigies, brought their combined influence to reduce
the Army to the basis of 1820. The leading men of
both parties united for the purpose of that reform,
and they succeeded. From that day until this I
have known no reform on this subject. Sir, the
party in power has uniformly endeavored to in-
crease the Army and Navy, and the party out of
power has almost uniformly opposed it.
Mr. FAULKNER. I rise to a question of
order. If I understand the present position (if
business before the committee, we are now act-
ing under the five-minute rule, and the remarks of
every gentleman must be confined, according to
the rules which govern the committee, to thf par-
ticular amendmentunderconsideration; and if any
gentleman departs from the discussion of the par-
ticular amendment under consideration, I feel
bound to call him to order, and I do so on this
occasion.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I am speaking to the sub-
ject of reform.
Mr. FAULKNER. Is there any amendment
pending on that subject; and if so, what is it?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
gentleman from Ohio has not deviated from the
question, and that he is in order. The gentleman
is making an argument, intending to show that
the amount specified in the sixth line should be
reduced.
Mr. GIDDINGS. My colleague proposes to
reduce the compensation of major general merely.
I am opposed to that amendment, and I am stating
definitely and distinctly the reasons of my oppo-
sition to it.
So far as parties are concerned, I only wish to
observe, that no party has ever stood forth here
as the advocate of reform upon this question.
And as to the expenditures of the parties, I have
nothing to say further than this, that the party m
power has uniformly been limited in their expen-
ditures by their ingenuity in squandering money,
and apparently by nothing else; and I can testify
that the late Whig party was limited by any-
thing else than that. 1 know something about
that party, for 1 once belonged to it; and no Admin-
istration ever squandered more treasure than the
last And if this present Administration shall go
further than the last, it will be because they pos-
sess more talent, and find themselves capable of
improving upon former examples. [Laughter ]
And now with regard to expenditures. Who
does not see that the whole system of maintaining
an Array in time of peace is an incubus resting
upon the nation,"and nothing else? There is no
more necessity for it than there is for the fifth
wheel of a coach. I am told that an Army is
