1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1951
wanted to protect our settlements upon the fron-
tiers from the ravages of the Indians. Sir, the
friendly Indians upon our borders are the best
protectors that can be found upon the face of the
earth; and our trappers,hunters, and backwoods-
men, are the next best; and our border men, who
are accustomed to the rifle, and to hardships, are
the next. Either of these are a thousand times i
more efficient than your Army. |
Again, as to these expenses, let me assure this j
committee that if they will appropriate one fourth |
the amount now annually expended in support of :
the Army to furnish food for the Indians, the !
frontier will be protected without bloodshed, or ;
the trouble of an Army. We may save this vast
expenditure. Sir, give me the money now used
to supply food, and arms, and ammunition to our
troops, and I will protect the frontier, and you
may disband the Army. Yes, sir, we can feed
the Indians, and make them our friends for the
money we now use m feeding our Army and in
supplying them with materiel of war. Common
sense teaches us that these depredations are
usually, ay, always, committed for the purpose
of obtaining food, or for revenge of injuries re-
ceived from the whites. These are the only mo-
tives which guide the wild savage. Now, if we
supply his wants, or rather his food, and treathim
kindly and justly, we shall need no army to fight
him. They must sustain life; for that purpose
they steal horses, and use them for food; they
steal cattle and hogs for the same object; but, if
you will feed them, they will have no occasion to
commit depredations of that kind. You will make
them your friends, your allies, who will protect
you with their lives Sir, I repeat, you can fur-
nish them with the means of subsistence for one
fourth the amount which you appropriate for the
support of the Army. It is far cheaper to sustain
their lives than it is to kill them.
Sir, I appeal to history, 1 appeal to the better
judgment, to the conscience of every man, if this
is not so, if it has not been the case from the days
of William Penn down to the present time? The
best protection that has ever been afforded against
Indian spoliations has been found m being just,
generous, and kind to them, in making them our
friends lather than our enemies.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I move to
amend the amendment by reducing the amount
five dollars.
I rise, Mr. Chairman, for the purpose of saying
that I conceive it to be indispensable for the safety
of the frontiers of the several Territories of this
Government that the Army should be increased.
As the settlers are extending into Minnesota,
Washington, and all the oiher Territories cal-
culated to excite the Indians to the commission of
outrages upon them, it is necessary that our Army
should be kept up to the full complement now
authorized by lav/. And it is impossible to keep
it full unless the pay of the soldiers is increased.
I say that a large number of troops is required
for the defense of the sparse settlements in the
Territories, and therefore I shall vote for this bill,
though there may be some provisions in it which
do not commend themselves to my judgment.
Still, sir, I think some of the officers, and espe-
cially the officers of companies, the lieutenants,
captains, &c., should have their salaries increased
as much as is provided for in this bill. The offi-
cers of our Army and their families are of those
who have been accustomed to live respectably and
fashionably, It is necessary thattheir pay should
be sufficient, in order that they may properly pre-
serve tiie dignity of their positions; and this is the
object of the proposition which is under consider-
ation.
Let anybody look into the matter, and I am
suie that they will frankly acknowledge that
the present pay of a lieutenant is entirely inade-
quate for the support of a family. Then, this
being so, the necessity and obligation is as great
for the increase of the pay of captain, lieutenant,
and so on down, as for the increase of the sol-
dier's pay. It is, in my opinion, a disgrace to the
country to insist on refusing to give these youne,
gentlemen, holding commissions m the Army,suf-
ficient to support "themselves and families decently
and out of debt. It is our duty, if we employ such
officers, to pay them, so that tfiey may live re-
spectably, and up to the dignity of their position,
and not to disgrace it and themselves by running
into debt. I shall go for carrying out the general
provisions of the bdi so far as regards the increase
of the pay of the soldiers and of the officers from
captain down. I think that the m-ajor general's
pay is enough now; but the fact that the bill pro-
vides for an increase of it wiil not prevent me
giving u my vote. 1 can see no way for disposing
of the Army, unless you let out the killing off of
these Indians to the Mormons, and give them the
spoils by way of compensation. Then we may
have peace on the frontier.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What is the ques-
tion before the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from New York to
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SKELTON. I ari&etoa question of order.
A motion was made to strike out a greater por-
tion of the bill. To that the gentleman from Ohio
moved an amendment. Then the gentleman from
New York rose and submitted an amendment. I
contend that the last amendment is not in order
until that of the gentleman from Ohio is disposed
of.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order. A motion was made to strike
out a portion of the bill. Amendment was then
in order to the portion proposed to be stricken out.
The amendment of the gentleman from Ohio was
an amendment in the first degree, and the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York was an
amendment to that amendment.
Mr. SMITH. If the gentleman from New York
will withdraw his amendment, we may get rid of
this question of order. j
Mr. PERKINS declined withdrawing his '
amendment.
The question was taken; and Mr. Perkins's
amendment was rejected.
The question was next taken on Mr. Camp-
bell's amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I now move to
strike out the words " sixty-five." The commit-
tee will see at once that I piesent a practical ques-
tion for their consideration. It is a diiect issue
between the law as it now stands and that pro-
posed by this bill. The committee can at once
come to a vote upon the question of increasing the
pay of a commanding general of the United States
Army. This being the question, 1 propose to
submit a few remarks, and i shall do so in conse-
quence of the strange remarks to which 1 have lis-
tened. 1 do not suppose that there are half a
dozen men in the House who could, by any de-
vice, be induced to abolish the Army altogether.
If we are to have an Army,gentlemen must desire
to have it efficient, and to have it efficient you
must pay a sum sufficient to enaMe the officers,
who are men of honor and spirit, to live as be-
comes such men. At this time our Army, as we
all know, is dispersed to a very great extent over
our wild country, upon the frontiers; and our
Army officeis out there are compelled to submit
to most oppressive exactions. One would suppose
that pay there would not be needed; but it is en-
tirely absorbed, as we all know. I refer to this
because the question has been made here, and it
has been discussed in the committee, whether the
commander-in-chief of the Army of the United
States, who has permanent quarters, a settled res-
idence, and fixed habits, receives pay enough, or
whether he receives too much.
There is a wide difference between the case of
a commanding general and that of his subaltern
officers. One of the great evils of the service,
and that which renders the miserable pittance
which the subordinate officers receive wholly in-
adequate for their wants, is that which arises out
of the necessity of raising money at a sacrifice, ,
as they mu^t be in readiness to obey orders i
at all tunes. I presume this committee under- :
stand that if a poor subaltern is ordered to go to ,
California, he does not then get a dollar of pay
for transportation and mileage. Pie has to raise ,
money in some way,. How does a captain of the
artillery, who receives but forty dollars a month,
and who has to live like a gentleman, raise the
money necessary for his wants? Unless he has j
other means, he has to apply to the Jew,and pay :
an enormous usuiy. I advert to these things for [
the purpose of having this committee and the ;
country understand th?it I am not one of those !
who will hesitate in metmgout full and exact jus- 1
tice in this cuse as well as in all others. I am not 1
afraid of expenditures, bound as I am by every
obligation of duty as a politician, and as a man,
to sustain only that expenditure which is just and-
economical.
Mr. McNAIR. la the pay of the major gen-
eral now $265 per month ?  
Mr. SMITH. His pay is $200 now. The
bill under consideration proposes to make it $265
per month.
Mr. McNAlR. Well, I want to know why it
is that the gentleman from Virginia is arguing in
favor of increasing the pay of Army officers, when
his amendment is to reduce it?
Mr. SMITH. If the gentleman had been
listening to my remarks 
Mr. McNAIR. Sol have.
Mr. SMITH. If he had paid attention to them,
he would not have had occasion to ask that ques-
tion. I stated distinctly to the committee that in
tfte question under consideration, they should
give attention to the fact that this commanding
officer of ours, this major general, has fixed
quarters, a permanent location, and a domestic es-
tablishment, and that he was, therefore, not under
the necessity of incurring all the expenses of
change of position to which subordinate officers
aie subjected. I did not even say that I would
vote for the amendment, but that I rose simply
for the purpose of presenting this as a practical
question to the consideration of the committee. I
said in my remarks that the officers of the Army,
the brigadier generals, the colonels, the captains,
and the lieutenants, who are compelled to obey
orders, and to go from post to post as ordered by
superior officers, have to sustain their domestic
establishments independently of the expenses to
which they are themselves subject, while the
major general has a fixed and permanent resi-
dence. And I say that there is a wide difference
in this.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I feel unwilling, Mr.
Chairman, very unwilling, to oppose the amend-
ment. The provisions of this bill generally strike
me as being founded in right and justice. The
commander of the Army—the major general—
would receive, by this bill, in pay and allowances,
$5,GOO. But the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
McMui,lin'j has made a mistake of some hun-
dreds of dollars in his calculations. He stated
that the commanding general, if he were asked
the question what his income from the Army is,
would say that, he received over $7,000 per an-
num. But I think his answer would show that
he received no such amount. The commanding
general of the Army has passed through all the
grades which the gentleman from Virginia speaks
of. Commencing his service in the ranks, he
fought his way up to his present high and honor-
able position. And the pay he now receives will
barely do more than maintain his rank. He is
subjected to many expenses which he must de-
fray out of his own pocket. He has to keep
horses, and pay for them out of his income. He
has to pay for his servants, for his uniform, for
the support of his family, for ail the expenses in-
cident to his position; so that he can never lay by
anything out of his pay. The major general has
spent a large portion of his life in the service
without saving a dollar; and, in the position he
now occupies, he is notable to lay by nny money.
Then, as my friend from Virginia [Mr. Smith]
has well said, the subordinates of the Army cannot
subsist upon their present pay. At thetirrfe when
the present rates of pay and allowances were fixed,
subsistence did not cost, in this portion of the
country, half as much as it now .does. You have
increased the pay of your clerks in the public offices
of the Government. You have increased the pay
of persons in almost eveiy branch of the public
setvice, and you have left the pay of the Army as
it was iiist established. You have left them in a
position that they cannot subsist themselves; and
in my portion of the country, as the gentleman
from Virginia so well said, unless an officer has
a fortune and means of his own, or rich filends to
assist him, he cannof live on his pay; he must
leave the Army in debt. Many officers would be
thus actually forced out of the service, and com-
pelled to resign, were it not that their patriotism,
love of country , and pude, induce them to hold to
it at every sacrifice, without being able to alFord a
dollar to pay fur their uniform. You must in-
crease their pay, or they cannot subsist. And why
