884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8.
he must excuse me—it was as a mere copulative,
connecting the others. I was thinking of thegen-
tleman from Alabama, and the appropriation for
Paducah, which, though nominally m Kentucky,
is at the mouth of the Tennessee river, which
passes through the district represented by the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] and. runs
along for miles in close proximity to the district
represented by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones.]
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
yesterday objected, and, I thought, with great pro-
priety, to the erection of custom-houses along the
Ohio and th& Mississippi, because all the work is
done in New Orleans; and the gentleman from
New Hampshire, whose general liberality of views
I acknowledge, and for which I am grateful, tells
us that these appropriations are not needed on the
Ohio, but in the Southwest; and yet, sir, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, of which both these
gentlemen are prominent members, come forward
with not a single appropriation, of any character,
from Cairo to New Orleans; and when members
rise on this floor and propose §50,000 to complete
a building, they get up and call it extravagance.
If we change the character of our demand, and
come forward, not as suppliants, but asking an ap-
propriation—not to erect gorgeous palaces, like
such as are seen on the Ohio, but such as is abso-
lutely necessary to prepare a covering for the sick—
we are told that it is too little, and will do no
good !
Sir, we do not ask this appropriation for our-
selves. We assert the claim of humanity and jus-
tice. These people, for whose benefit it is designed,
are not citizens either of Arkansas, Louisiana, or
Mississippi. They comedown from Indiana, and
from Ohio. They are thrown upon our shoies;
. and we have taken them in and nursed them. We
ask you to do what? To make us some return?
To take something from the public treasury? to
violate any constitutional scruples? Not at all.
As early as the year 1802, every mariner and
seaman on the Mississippi riveitpasd twentycents
per month ($2 40 per annum) into the public
treasury, as a provision against periods of sick-
ness. With the wages of no other class of labor-
ers, except the sailor, does the Federal Govern-
ment directly interfere. It is not then a charity
you have to dispense, but an obligation to dis-
charge. From New Orleans to Cairo, a distance
of more than one thousand miles, there is not a
single marine hospital completed. The one at
Natchez, although in an unfinished state, is the
only one which can receive a patient. From
Cairo 40 Pittsburg, a distance of another thou-
sand miles, there are four; at Paducah, Evans-
ville, Louisville, and Pittsburg, i appeal to gen-
tlemen if this is justice, not to the South, but to
those unfortunate persons who should be the re-
cipients of this fund? Is it legislation worthy of
this House?
The CFIAIRMAN. The Chair desires to in-
quire of the gentleman if he understood his amend-
ment as? only increasing the amount proposed by
the amendment of the gentleman from Arkansas?
Mr. PERKINS. My amendment was to in-
crease that amount from $1,000 to $6*000.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Louis-
iana, in the ardor of his investigation of this sub-
ject, it seems to me, runs into very extraordinary
eirors. Vie attempts to analyze the Committee of
Ways and Means, in order to account for this
appropriation. Now, sir, the gentleman has not
done himself justice in that; and he has not only
not done himself justice, but he has not done the
Committee of Ways and Means justice; for the
estimates upon which the Committee of the Whole
have heretofore acted, were all made by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury 
Mr. PERKINS, (interrupting) So far from
complaining; of this matter as solely the act of the
committee, I spoke of it up a mystery which I did
not pietend to understand. Jt seems strange to
me, however, that the members of the Committee
of Ways and Means should be so much opposed
to these appropriations, and yet be the only ones
to got them for their districts, and that without
even assuming the responsibility of advocating
them.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is wander-
ing, and does not extiicate himself. I stated dis-
tinctly—and this committee will remember what I
stated—that I believe these appropriations for
marine hospitals and custom-houses are all wrong,
and I resisted the appropriations to custom-houses
until i found that resistance did no good; and I
then yielded to what 1 believed to be the sense of
my colleagues upon the committee.
The same was the case in regard to the marine
hospitals. I have none in my district. My State
asks for nothing except for the Mobile custom-
house, and the Committee of Ways and Means
did not recommend that. All these appropriations
for marine hospitals were rejected by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, because they believed
—I speak for myself—because I believed the ap-
propriations were extravagant, wasteful, and un-
necessary. I am not one of those who can be
made to believe that a hundred thousand dollars,
or even eighty thousand dollars, are necessary to
build marine hospitals at any of the points men-
tioned in this deficiency bill.
The gentleman speaks of the marine hospital
at Paducah as a matter of mine No, sir, the gen-
tleman is mistaken. If he had put himself to the
trouble to examine the subject, he would have found
that I have been voting for years against these
hospitals in the interior. They are too close to
each other; and not only that, but they are upon
a scale of extravagance and wastefulness which
is in conflict with sound discretion in the care and
treatment of the sick seamen.
At Memphis there is a marine hospital, which
accommodates all our sick at three dollars and a
half per week. At some points it costs us as
much as ten dollars a week. At Buffalo we have
made an arrangement for our sick seamen at three
dollars a week, aside from medical attendance,
which is but a small item. The city establish-
ments are the only ones where we get accommo-
dated at a fair price.
We are wasting money 011 this matter. We
are wasting it in decoratingcitiesand points where
we propose to establish these hospitals, by making
a splendid show in the erection of the buildings.
I do not object to hospitals as such. Not at all. I
want one wherever it is necessaiy, and where a
private establishment cannot be had.
A word in regard to the amendment of the gen«-
tleman from Arkansas, who presented it in a fair
and proper manner, without making an attack upon
the committee or upon anybody else. The gentle-
man says the Committee of Ways and Means did
not bring in a bill for that hospital. There was
no estimate for it, and it was not referred to us,
and we are not in the habit of bringing in bills
upon subjects which are not referred to us. There
was no recommendation for the hospital at Napo-
leon, in Arkansas.
At the last session of Congress—the phraseol-
ogy used here is singular, and I believe that it is a
mistake—we appropriated for completing and fin-
ishing the marine hospital at Napoleon, Arkan-
sas, $4,000. " For completing and furnishing" I
believe was the language intended to be used. We
have no estimates from the Department, and no
papers before us, to show us that this additional
sum ih necessary. *
Mr. WALSH. I should like to ask some of
the gentlemen who have spoken upon this ques-
tion from what fund this money is to be taken?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman frotfiNew
York [Mr. Walsii] is reminded that the debate is
exhausted, and that he can onlyproceed byunan-
imous consent.
Mr. WALSH. I ask for no favors.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Per-
kins's amendment to the amendment; and it was
not agreed to.
The question then recurring upon Mr. Gree\t
wood's amendment, it was taken, and there were
—ayes 25, noes 40; no quorum voting.
Mr. WALSH. I ask for tellers.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for a call of the roll,
as there is no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
tellers were called for in time.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Vail and
Wheeler were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 70, noes 51.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DISNEY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to offer the following
amendment:
For payment of draftsmen and clerks employed under
resolution of May 4th, 1848, upon the maps of the public
landvS, $5,675.
i do not know, Mr. Chairman that there is any
necessity for me to give a particular explanation
in regard to this amendment. As I have already
said, I offer it in obedience to the instructions of
the Committee on Public Lands—a decision made
by that committee unanimously, and after careful
and full consideration of the matter.
B3' a resolution adopted by the House on the
4th of May, 1848, it was provided that maps of
the public lands should be prepared for the use of
the House and of the Committee on Public Lands.
These maps are kept in the room of that commit-
tee, and are constantly referred to. Their utility
and necessity are conceded by all who know any-
thing about the matter, and, I believe, by all who
wish to know anything in legard to the public
lands.
At the last session of Congress, for reasons
advanced at the time, the House refused to make
any appropriation for the continuation of the
work, it being supposed that the work could be
continued under the supervision and control of
the General Land Office. The matter was left
in that condition; but, subsequently, upon a refer-
ence to the imperative character of the resolution,
it was deemed proper by the parties who -had
been at work on the maps to continue theirlabors,
and they have continued them. This amendment
is to provide for their compensation for the time
they have been employed.
As I said, at the commencement of my remarks,
the Committee on Public Lands have carefully
and fully considered the case, and have unani-
mously directed me to report the amendment to
the House, and I hope it will be adopted.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For paying William Irving .§625 for seivices n* acting
Superintendent of the Seventh Census for five momh&, irom
the iJOtli of 3Iav, 1851.
Mr. HOUSTON. That amendment was ruled
: out by the Chairman yesterday.
Mr. LILLY. Was it not voted down ?
The CHAIRMAN. No. The gentleman
withdrew it before any vote was taken on it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the Chair decide tat
this is not a private claim ?
The CHAIRMAN. Does thegentleman make
that point of order?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Ala-
bama makes the point of order that this is a pri-
vate claim. The Chair would inquire of the
gentleman from New York whether, under any
existing law, Mr. Irving is entitled to the pay
provided for by this amendment?
Mr. MORGAN. There were a great many
cases of this sort provided for last year, ft is only
necessary to refer to one of them to show that the
House has been in the habit of ingrafting cases
of this sort on appropriation bills.
The CHAIRMAN, Will the gentleman turn
his attention to the point whether there is airy law
already in existence under which Mr. Irving is
entitled to this ptiy.
Mr. MORGAN. Vie was acting Superintend-
ent of the Census, and was for a time the only
Superintendent, and of course there is a law au-
thorizing: his payment.
Mr. HOUSTON. But has not the regular Su-
perintendent of the Census already drawn the sal-
ary for this time ?
Mr. MORGAN. No, he has not. He has not
been paid. It is an unliquidated debt; one that has
never been settled.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the gentleman
from New York a question at this precise point.
Has not the regular Superintendent filed his ac-
count, claiming the salary for this period of time?
Mr. MORGAN. Yes; but it has not been
allowed him.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then who has been paid ?
Mr. MORGAN. No one has been paid; but
of course the man who did the work ought to re-
ceive the pav.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr, Kennedy, who was the
rea-ular Superintendent at the time, claims the com-
pensation, and is no doubt entitled to it.
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair will state to
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Morgan]
