THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, B, C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JULY 27, 1854.
New Series No. 123.
their services in these piping times of peace; but
let a war break out requiring their services, and
then we shall appreciate their worth. I hope and
trust that no serious opposition will be made to
this amendment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I oppose the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Sollers,] and I do so merely for the purpose of
making a remark. When the gentleman from
Virginia was on the floor speaking of the pay of
a certain officer, I rose to ask him the name of the
person to whom he alluded. He did not answer
me publicly, but he mentioned the name so as that
I overheard it. { understood him to say that the
officer in question received only forty dollars per
month, or four hundred and eighty dollars per year.
S find on looking at the letter of the Secretary of
the War Department, of February 17, 1854, and
at the Army Register, that the receipts of that
officer last year were $2,305 22.
A Member. Whom do you speak of?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Of Captain Magruder,
who is colonel by brevet. I find that the Army
Register fixes his pay at $993 per year.
A Member. What page is it on?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Pages 32 and 33. And
then his rations amount to $801; his allowance for
servants, $213, and so on, making his whole re-
ceipts for the year $2,305 22. Now, how it was
that the gentleman from Virginia managed to get
the idea that the pay of that officer was only forty
dollars per month, I cannot say. I suppose some-
body has misled him. I was myself misled this
morning by a gentleman of the committee. I am
disposed to pay what is right; and if an officer of
one grade is only receiving $480 per year, that is
one reason why i should vote for an increase of the
pay of the officers. But as the gentleman from
Virginia has been mistaken, and as the officer who
bethought received only $480 per annum, actually,
according to the report of the Secretary of War,
received $2,305, I think it right that the com-
mittee should think some time before they deter-
mine to make the increase proposed.
Mr. ASHE. The first class clerks in Govern-
ment offices receive $2,200 a year, and the ordi-
nary custom-house clerks receive from $2,300 to
$2,500.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My colleague tells me that
the clerks m the custom-houses receive from $2,000
to $3,000 per year. Now, if that is so, I will
vote for a proposition to reduce theirpay. 1 have
resisted the propositions to increase the pay of
the clerks here. A gentleman from Virginia tells
us that there are clerks here receiving $1,200 a
year, while we could get as competent men to do
the work at $500. That is precisely why I voted,
this session, against increasing their pay. But if
we waste money on one branch of the public ser-
vice, that is no reason why we should waste it on
all.
Mr. FAULKNER. I would like to call the
attention of the gentleman from North Carolina to
the fact that he will find, in a note appended to the
Army Register, that out of the sum of $2,305 re-
ceived by Captain Magruder, $365 was pay for
service in California, and $123 for the fiscal year
of 1852; that he was the commandant of a post, and
that the pay received by him for servants and for-
age was far less than his actual expenditures for
the same objects. His command of the post gave
him the pay of a lieutenant colonel.
Mr CLINGMAN. Well, that deduction would
bring his pay down co $1,800 Butthegentleman
will see there that his pay proper is stated as $993,
instead of $480; that his rations amount to $801,
and so on. I have no feeling about this matter. If
the amendment of thegentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Grow] prevails, I will support the bill. I
have no doubt we oughtto increase the pay of the
common soldiers and non-commissioned officers.
The proper rule is to pay a fair compensation for
the service we receive. It is conceded on all
hands that we cannot get soldiers to serve at the
present rate of pay. I am willing to vote for a
proper compensation for soldiers and officers.
Gentlemen say we have voted an increase of pay
123
to the clerks, and, therefore, we should vote for
this increase for the officers and soldiers of the
Army. I do not consider that, by any means, a
good reason. Gentlemen should recollect that
they are voting a permanent increase. I have no
hope that we shall ever be able to reduce any of
these increased salaries to the proper proportions.
If we act in the dark, and vote at this time for
high rates of pay, there they stand; we cannot get
them back to what they were. Therefore it is
that I think it is better for us to content ourselves
at this time with increasing the pay of the privates
and non-commissioned officers of the Army; and,
at the next, or some other session, we can de-
liberately consider the question of increasing the
compensation of the commissioned officers.
Mr. LANE of Oregon. Is it in order now
to move to amend the bill?
'The CHAIRMAN. It is in order to move to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Sollers.]
Mr. LANE. Well, the gentleman from Mary-
land moves to amend by increasing the pay five
dollars. 1 will move to increase it ten dollars. I
move the amendment to obtain the opportunity
only to notice, in order that the committee and the
country may understand this thing—some of the
remarks which fell from the gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. Skelton,] and from the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Cljkcmak,] who has
just taken his seat. The gentleman from New
Jersey holds the opinion that a major general re-
ceives compensation at the rate of $200 a month,
and that he is entitled to seven horses, four ser-
vants, and fifteen rations while he is employed in
actual service. Well, that is all true; but the
seven horses he must pay for himself, and he has
to pay for them out of his own funds at the rate
of two or three hundred dollars apiece, most likely,
amounting perhaps, in all to $2,100. Then he has
to pay for ail they eat, for the gentleman will re-
member that, in these items which foot up $5,526,
everything of this kind is included.
Mr. SKELTON. I want to ask the gentleman
from Oregon a question in regard to those seven
horses.
Mr. LANE. Not now, I want to go on with
my statement. I want to say that a major gen-
eral in the field has to furnish his own horses, and
is allowed fodder for them, but it is counted with
this sum of $5,526. He pays also for four ser-
vants, and pays for all they eat too. He is al-
lowed rations, but he does not draw them from
the commissary, but commutes for them at twenty
cents a ration. He also subsists his own house-
hold and servants, bears ail their expenses, and
generally comes out at the end of the year in
debt.
I desire to say one word now in relation to this
case of Magruder, which has been referred to.
He commanded the military department upon the
Pacific. He v,as in command of our forces in
California. He held the hrevet rank of colonel.
While in command of that department, and m
the performance of the duties connected therewith,
in a country where the high prices of everything
absorbed all that he received in paying for his
servants, subsisting his horses, and meeting his
other expenses, he received pay at that rate. His
pay, as stated by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Smith,] is forty dollars a month, and no
more. And when ordered upon duty upon a
brevet rank, he receives the pay of that brevet
rank. That was his case, and such cases furnish
no argument against the increase of salary. It
is too small, and ought to be increased.
I want to notice the remark ofmy worthy friend
from Ohio [Mr. Giddintgs] about the management
of the Indians. " Feed them and you will have
peace," he says. "Feed them, and dispense
with your armies, for you will have no use for
them." We have been taught a lesson by the
Father of our country: " In peace prepare for
war." It is by no means certain that we should
not have war, though we should feed the Indians.
1 once knew a man who went into the Indian
country, and undertook to feed and subsist the
Indians. He was wealthy, or at least he carried
means with him. He introduced among the In-
dians the science of agriculture; he introduced
the plow, prepared the ground, sowed wheat,
built a mill, and fed the Indians well, but about
the time that he had got all things right, the In-
dians killed him and his wife, and to pay the ex-
penses of the troubles which grew out of that
murder this House have appropriated $175,000,
I tell the gentleman you cannot manage the Indians
in any such way. Shoot them, feed them with
powder and ball, and have troops in the field ready
to do that when it becomes necessary. This is
the only food that will keep them peaceful. We
have the troops and we baveofficers, and they are
officers too, who will not place themselves in the
rear of their troops, but will occupy their proper
posts in the fight. You have not to-day, an offi-
cer in the Army, who would protect himself by
placing himself in the rear of his troops. Field
officers on horseback, are necessarily placed in
the rear. To increase the pay of the privates, the
non-commissioned officers, and the commissioned
officers, and that of the commanding general, in
my judgment, is right and proper. The good of
the country requires it, and I hope the House will
pass the bill.
Mr. G1DDINGS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Oregon.
Mr. LANE. Then I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Not until I have made
some remarks upon it. I know something about
the nature of these Indians. I have been with
them, eat with them, and slept in their cabins. I
have associated with them in war, and in peace.
T think I understand their character, their habits,
their giatitude; and let me again say what X paid
when I was before up, that their whole history
shows that when you treat them well, when you
show yourselves friendly, they will be friendly in
return. The Indian never forgets a favor, nor
forgives an injury. They possess more gratitude
than any other people I have been acquainted
with. Gratitude for favors, and revenge for in-
juries constitute their moral code, their education,
j their religion. There is no fraud about them;
i when you have obtained the confidence of these
! wild men of the forest, they will never forget
j your kindness.
But, Mr. Chairman, I spoke upon this subject
when I was up before, ana T will not detain the
committee by repeating what I then said. If gen-
tlemen desire to make any reform in the Army,
this is not the time to do it, We are just at the
heel of the session. Let the subject go over until
the next session, when we may have an opportu-
nity of investigating it, and when more facts con-
nected with it can be presented than our time will
now admit of. Let the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. .Tones,] or the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Phelps,] or other members like them, be
placed upon the Committee on Military Affairs,
and let them investigate the subject, and give us
facts and arguments in favor of reducing the
Army—of disbanding it, if you please. Let us
hear both sides. Let us see if we cannot act more
intelligently on the subject than we can now under
the pressure of the five-minute rule, just at the
moment when we are thinking how we can best
close the session, and return to our constituents.
This bill, containing important provisions, in-
tended to place the Army upon a permanent basis,
to organize it upon a system which is to continue
for many years to come, is now to be passed
througtt under railroad speed. It is wrong. We
are doing injustice to ourselves as well as the
country, injustice to the subject, injustice to the
Army, by this hot haste. There is no pressing
necessity for immediate action; no interest is suft
fermg. We shaM be here again in four months.
We shall then have time to deliberate—to do jus-
tice to the subject, and to ourselves, and to the
| country.
J 1 am opposed to the whole Army organization,
j I am against the whole system of cutting throats
advocated by the gentleman from Oregon. I do
