1096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
as provided for in the law organizing that Terri-
tory. If so, sir, it devolves upon the Committee
on Territories, to whom the duty belongs, to lose
no time in bringing this subject to the notice of the
House. I trust they will act promptly and de-
cidedly.
Allow me, Mr. Chairman, to suggest that a
grave responsibility rests upon us, as a moral
people, as a people partaking of the civilization of
the nineteenth century, to do all that may be in-
cumbent upon us to repress the shocking licen-
tiousness which is prevailing in a Territory of the
United States subject to our control, and whose
laws must undergo the supervision of Congress.
I, for one, have never surrendered, and I will
not agree to surrender, the control of Congress
over the legislation of the Territories. And the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] made an
incorrect statement this morning, when he said
that no southern gentleman in this House had
yet spoken who had not ridiculed the right of
Congress to interfere with the domestic institutions
of a Territory.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I stand corrected.
Mr. MILLSON. I know many southern gen-
tlemen who, in the recent debate, have, as 1 myself
have (lone, protested against this doctrine—a doc-
trine which was, only a very little while ago,
known as "squatter sovereignty," but which, in
the more euphonious ami refined vocabulary of the
present day, is designated as " popular sover-
eignty." I believe that this Government has full
control over the legislation of the Territorial As-
sembly, -ind fui! authority to annul any Jaw which
the people of the Territory, in their legislative
capacity, may undertake to enact. I do not pre-
tend to say that we can deprive them of any of
their natural or personal rights; but such powers
as they derive from us arealwnys subject to our
supervision and control. All their political power
—all their legislative authority—is derived from
Congress, and it can be derived from no other I
source. And I, for one, will never abandon these j
principles. '
Sir, if it he true, as I was grieved to hear the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney] say it is,
that it has been attempted to legalize this licen-
tiousness in the Territory of Utah, then weshull be '
partakers of the shame and of the disgrace, if we [
fail to discountenance and repress it. If we, either
diiectfy or indirectly, give it our sanction, weshull ,
be held responsible for it. May not the very Ian- j
guage of the proviso be construed as an indirect ,
sanction of it? 1 ask gentlemen who have spoken I
upon this subject, and who, as 1 infer from then- I
remarks, ugree with me in sentiment, 1 ask them j
if there is not, some reason for apprehending that
ifthis proviso be adopted, declaring that land shall !
not be given to those having more than one wife, |
some judicial authority, I know not where, may
torture it into a sanction by Congress of the crime
of polygamy in the Territory of Uiah, by recog- j
nixing I he possession, in one man, of more wives !
than one > l>\>r these reasons 1 shall vote to strike (
out this proviso. i
Mr. PARKER. I approve entirely of the re- j
marks expressed by my friend from Virginia who j
has just taken his seat, m reference to the vile !
character and consequences of polygamy; but 1 I
do not agree with him that this proviso should be 1
stricken out of'the bill. I think it should be re- |
tained for precisely the reason which the gentle- i
man has given for striking it out. The gentleman !
says that it is impossible for a man to have more |
than one wife. I
Mr. MILr.SOiSr. I said legally. I
Mr. PARKER. Very weil; that it is impos- '
sible for any man to have legally moie than one !
wife. Does the gentleman mean to say that Vir- j
ginta could not make polygamy legal'withm the ,
limits of that State' I
Mr. MILLSON. I do not. I
Mr. PARlvER. Then the gentleman would;
confine his action exclusively to the Territories. '
Now, sir, how can we go to the Territory of |
Utah to prevent polygamy? How can we pre- i
vent it by any direct legislation? Who will en-
force the law if you make oner Here, then, is a J
great, if not an insurmountable, difficulty, I am, ;
therefore, in favor of retaining this proviso in the j
bill, for the purpose of discouragin"7 the evil there. !
i am in favor of ref.is.mg to giant to men who i
practice polygamy any portion of the public do- j
main, it is perfectly legitimate and proper, in I
my view of the ease, that it should be retained.
1 desire its retention expressly for the purpose
named.
My friend from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] thinks
that, by retaining this provision, we infringe upon
the Constitution; for we have no right to adopt
any legislation which may look to a religious test.
Sir, what religious test is there here? If there
be a religious test here, there are other religious
testa in the bill. Go back to the preceding section
of the bill, and you will find that we make a dis-
crimination between married and unmarried men.
What is there here? We make a discrimination
here in regard to men who have each more than
one wife. That is all. Why that discrimination
between the married man and the man who has
no wife? It is simply because we wish to invite
to those Territories men with their families. If
that be the case, and it be a legitimate object, can-
not we discourage the population of these Terri-
tories by those who have two, or a dozen, or
twenty wives, and rebuke the practice of the crime
of polygamy? It seems to me to be perfectly
legitimate. JXo provision of the Constitution is
infringed.
There is a large class of the community residing
in most of the States of this Union who look on
all marriage, if not as illegitimate, at least as impol-
itic. I have .reference to the Shakers Mow,
would it not be legitimate for us to make provis-
ion in a bill of this character, with a view to the
population of the Territory, if we thought they
were a class of people which ought to be invited
to the Territories, giving them a bonus for going
there, as you give a bonus to married men in
preference to unmarried men ? But I need not
enlarge; I am for retaining this provision, and I
do not understand this matter in the light which
the gentleman from Virginia does. All our laws
recognize the existence uf Mich a thing as bigamy
—the having of two wives—or bemi; twice mar-
vied.
Mr. MILLSON. The, gentleman is too good a
lawyer not to know that the first marriage is the
only legal one, and that there can be hut one wife.
Mr. PARK.lift. That is all true. I mean not
to cavil about tenna. We are talking about facts,
about the man who, in the contemplation of the
law of Indiana and the law of Virginia, has, as
we say, two wives, who is guilty uf bigamy. We
know that he ran have but one legal wife. Why,
the gentleman might as well tell you that theie
was no such thing under the old patriarchal law
as polygamy.
This thing can exist in fact, and the question
is, shall we countenance it in this law, or not ? 1
am against it tooth and nail; and J will go with
the gentleman, when the laws of Utah aie sub-
mitted to us, to put a quietus on this feature of
them to the full extent of our power, it is our
duty as a moial aud Chnstian people to do so. 1
am for retaining the provision. [ look on it as a
wholesome thing. It will work well. 1 do not
wish to mvite to that Territory, or unyotherTer-
rttory of the Union, any man who goes there
with a multitude of wives in his tram. All our
elementary law writers on the question of bigamy
have placed this matter, with all its pernicious
consequences,m bold relief; in a relief, too, which
has met with the sanction of all the civilized and
christianized world. We ought not now attempt
by our legislation to retrace the steps not only of
all these States but all the moral world. I know
that this practice is tolerated in Utnh, but it is an
anomaly among civilized and Christian people.
I am for retaining this provision, then, for the j
purpose of discountenancing bigamy. As f said
before, there is no constitutional difficulty in my
way any more than there is in making the dis-
crimination between the married and unmarried
man, the former having one half section of land
and the latter only one quarter. I would go fur-
ther, and say that the man who has more than one
wife should have no land at all.
Mr BENSON. I wish to call the attention of
the committee to the law organizing the Territory
of Utah. If I understand the subject before the
committee, we are acting upon a bill relating en-
tirely to the Territory of Utah. Weare not talking
about a Territory where the laws are different
from what they are in Utah. We have been told
heie repeatedly to-day—we have been told by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Disney,] who says he
htu> examined the laws of Utah—that those laws
do recognize the right to have more than one wife.
Now, I want the committee to look, for a single
moment, at the act organizing the Territory of
Utah, and see how the law stands on this subject,
(ientlemen who will look at the sixth section of
that act, will find how and where the legislative
power is to be exercised. I will read it:
"That the legislative power of said Territory shall ex-
tend to the right!ul subjects of legislation, consistent with
the Constitution of the United States and the. provi&iotisof
this act; but no law shall he passed interfering with the
primary disposal of the s.oil; no tux shall be imposed upon
the property ol the United States; nor shall the lands or
other pioperty of non-r^sideuts be taxed higher thaw tha
lands or other property of residents."
And now comes the clause to which I ask par-
ticular attention:
" All the laws parsed by the Legislative Assembly and
Governor shall be ^ubumted to the Congress of the United
States, and, if disupp)oved} shall be null and of no effect,"
Now, I ask the lawyers of this House whether,
when a law has gone through the regular course
of enactment m the Territory of Utah, it is not
the law of the land in Utah until it is disapproved
by Congress?
Several Members. Certainly.
Mr. BENSON. Then if such is the fact, I
ask if it is not legal m the Territory of Utah for a
man to have more than one wife? I agree entire-
ly with what the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Millson] has said. But I ask if you are going
to shut your eyes to the fact, that there are such
laws existing m the Territory of Utah, and strike
out this proviso becaus#you are not willing to
acknowledge, by implication, that there are any
such laws in existence? Sir, we know the fact;
the world knows it; the Congress of the United
States knows it, for it has been proclaimed upon
this floor again and again, that theie are such
laws in Uiah. And with your eyes wide open to
this fact, are you going to strike out this proviso,
and say to the people of Utah, of every other
Territory, and to the world, especially with this
new doctrine of squatter sovereignty which seems
to be prevailing in some quarters, though, I desire
to be thankful, not m others, that you regard
such laws and such a practice, in this Republic,
of no sort of consequence?
| Mr. MILLSON, (interrupting.) The gentle-
| man from Maine and myself evidently mm at the
j sameend. We have thesame views. Wemerely
! differ a3 to the proper mode of accomplishing a
! common object.
Mr BEN SON Yes, sir.
| Mr. MILLSON. 1 merely wish to make a
i suggestion to him. I am aware, and it was for
that reason that I said what I did, that the act
organizing the Territorial government of Utah pro-
vides that the acts passed by the Territorial Legis-
lature shall be tiansmitted to Congress, and if
disapproved, shall be null and void. If disap-
proved, then they are null and void, not only from
the moment when they are disapproved, hut the
disapproval dates back and declares those laws to
have been null and void.
Mr. BENSON. Oh, no, that would be a kind
of ex post facto legislation. They are laws until
disappro\ed by Congress.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 think not.
Mr. BENSON. The statute says so. That is
all I can say about it.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. It has been so decided
with reference to our Territory.
Mr. BENSON. Let me ask the gentleman from
Virginia one question. Suppose Congress should
declare that polygamy, or a plurality of wives
should not beallowed, by disapproving of the laws
of Utah which now allow it, could you ^o back
and punish for bigamy, or polygamy, those per-
sons who have had more than one wife under the
laws existing m Utah ?
Mr. LANE. Will the gentleman from Maine
yield me the floor for a single moment ?
Mr. BENSON. I will be done in a single mo-
ment, and then I will yield the floor altogether. I
wish simply to say to the committee that I hold
it to be the duty of Congress to put their hands
upon crime of this kind wherever they can find
it. But we have been told by certain gentlemen
upon the floor, that we are not to punish crime,
and that we aie to close our eyes to its commis-
sion. I do not, believe in any such thing. We
punish, most assuredly, piracy; and there has
been, if I am informed aright, m the other branch
of Congress, & proposition to confer upon the Pres-
