386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
So the decision of the Chair was not sustained,
tad the amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. I propose the fol-
lowing amendment:
To complete the marine hospital at Evansville, Indiana,
$3,000.
The question was taken upon the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. I move to
amend the bill by inserting the following:
For the completion of the marine hospital at Natchez,
in the State of Mississippi, the sum of .$6,000.
In offering this amendment, my object is to
bring this matter of appropriations to supply de-
ficiencies in previous appropriations for marine
hospitals to a conclusion, one way or the other.
There appears to be no consistency in the action
of the House, nor in the objections that are con-
stantly interposed. I am rather gratified that
my friend from Louisiana [Mr. Perkins] so far
pushed the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to the wall as to compel
him to assign his true reason for opposing these
appropriations. That reason is, we are informed,
IppropriaTions!" ^hTcomm'^terof *Ways and j pitals. I said that I had Voted against extravagant
neripnce the same emotions of I appropriations for all these marine hospitals. I
in order to set myself right, to restate the position
I assumed. .
Mr. Chairman, I appeal to your recollection, 1
ask this committee, I ask the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi himself, whether he is correct in charac-
terizing me as saying that I opposed everything
connected with marine hospitals?
I said the other day, in the only speech that I
desired to make upon the subject, that I was m
favor of building hospitals by the Government
for sick and disabled seamen, at all prominent
locations where the use of private hospitals could
j not be obtained. I further maintained, that we
i were building hospitals in places where they were
i not needed. But I asserted ujjon that occasion,
I and I repeat it now, that 1 am in favor of afford -
i ing to sick and disabled seamen all the aid they
! need upon the part of the Government. That
: has nothing, however, to do with the nfiatter of
i appropriating $100,000 for the construction of a
I hospital where we have no evidence that it is
! needed. That was what I said the other day, and
j I am satisfied that this committee so understood
■ne.
1 did not say I was opposed to all marine hos-
Means seem to experience the same emotion
surprise and horror when an additional appropri-
ation is asked for that the parish officer feit when
poor, starving Oliver Twist "asked for more.
At first we were told that these appropriations do
notcomeunder the head of deficiencies, and when,
at last, under the pointed explanations of my
friend from Louisiana, as to the facts of particu-
lar cases, and of the urgent necessities of particu-
lar localities, it became apparent that neither under
the plea that the appropriations asked for is
not germane to the deficiency bill, nor upon ob-
isciinns to the iustice and propriety of the ex-
iections to the justice and propriety
penditure, could the opposition indiscriminately
offered be sustained, we are met with the ex-
planation that the opposition is general to every-
thing which touches the money of this Govern
ment. Sir, I do not envy the reputation gained
in this House, or before the country, by our ob-
jecting to everything on the score of guarding the
Treasury, by lymg^in wait in a sort of ambush i! object in saying
for private claims, playing the ant bear, in snap-
ping up small insects that crawl tremblingly into
the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the object of the gentle-
man is to state my argument, 1 tell him that he is
precisely wrong.
Mr. HARRIS. The gentleman has told every-
body in the House that they were wrong, until he
has exposed the fact that he himself is seldom right.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 tell the gentleman that I
made no such argument.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 know I am right. The ap-
propriation asked for the hospital at Natchez, is a
deficiency upon all fair rules of construction. It is
not so reported by the Secretary of the Treasury,
and for that reason it is held to be out of order.
It is not reported as a case requiring appropri-
ation at, all, even under the general appropriation
bill. So that when that comes up I shall be met
with the objection that it is not recommended by the
Secretary—that the estimates are not furnished
appropr   .
have stated, both publicly and privately, that I am
wiling to vote for the establishment of these hos-
, pitals wherever they are needed, and that all I
! desire is that the appropriations shall be kept
j within reasonable and proper bounds. That is the
ground which I have all along occupied upon this
| question.
! The gentleman from Mississippi says that the
proper Department reports that this hospital_ at
Natchez is incomplete; but they ask for nothing
for its completion. Well, what are we to infer
from that? I have not the report before me, nor
has there been anything referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means in reference to this work
requiring action at the hands of that committee.
1 infer, however, from the statement of the gentle-
man himself, that the Secretary does not want this
appropriation now. True, the Secretary reports
that the building is incomplete, but what is his
object in saying that to the House? If he wants
1 additional money why does he not ask ior it'
! The fair presumption—alike fair to the Secretary
It is quite easy for the Secretary, who has ascer-
tained that certain things rema'n to be done, to
complete a building, and knowing what remains to
be done, it is easy for him to slate what sum will
be required. He has done so in regard to other
cases, but does not do so in this particular case,
and the failure to furnish this information is to be
taken as a condemnation of the mat me hospital
at Natchez, if information is wanted to enable
the House to come to a correct conclusion I will
now furnish it. I do so gratuitously. But the in
and to ourselves—is that he has a balance of un-
expended appropriations enough to complete it.
Why at the last session of Congress we passed
an appropriation of $4,000 for the marine hospital
at Natchez. No one knows whether that money
has been expended yet. There is no report on the
subject. The gentleman does not undertake to say
i that that appropriation is all exhausted, or that
any of it has been applied yet. The gentleman
I merely says that the building is incomplete. The
; Secretary also says that it is incomplete, but fails
to ask for anything to complete it. It is, there-
! fore, fair and reasonable to suppose that there is
j enough money on hand to complete it.
! I do not care what appropriations this commit-
! tee sees fit to put in this bill. I do not intend to
i resist these appropriations after the sense of the
1 House has been taken, and the question has been
1 decided against me. I made war against them
! when they were first presented. My opposition,
I am sure the House will sustain me in saying,
' was a fair and manly opposition; and 1 care not
for these assaults, let them come from whatsoever
| quarter they may. It is rather a singular course
for gentlemen to pursue when they offer amend-
ments that do not meet with the support and sym-
j pathy of this committee to assail the Committee
! of Wavs and Means.
j Mr. rEitKINS, of Louisiana. I have no^de-
sire to discuss again the necessity, the absolute
nOW 1 UI if lot 1 II,. A Ut> 31/ ^luiiinouuy . ^ ^ a j, ^ _
formation which I £ive is about as good as that necessity, whether in the liijht of jusrice or nu-
upon which the House usually acts. I say that
the appropriation is necessary to complete the
hospital, in such away as to render it comfortable
and serviceable to those for whom it was designed,
and there can he no reasonable objection to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I had not expected to say
anything further, or to take any other part in the
debate upon this proposition; and I shoti'd not
have risen now if the gentleman frorn Mississippi,
who was last up, had stated my position correctly.
I had hoped that when I called his attention tu the
misstatement of the argument I made, that he
would have corrected himself; but he has foiled to
do so; and I am, therefore, under the necessity,
mamty, of appropriations of this kind for the
lower branch of the Mississippi river. One of the
members of the Committee of Ways and Means
has himself confessed the necessity of erecting
these hospitals on that river 
Mr. HIBBARD, (interrupting.) I presumemy
friend refers to me, and I thank him for the liberal
manner in which he alluded to me in his previous
remarks. I meant to say that I believed some
marine hospitals were needed. I did not mean to
be understood as saying that these appropriations
were needed. I think money enough has been
appropriated.
Mr. PERKINS. I must accept, then, the good
will without 4,he assistance, it seems, of the gentle-
man, although I cannot draw the distinction be-
tween the desire for marine asylums to exist and
the disposition to appropriate money for their ex-
istence, unless the gentleman desires that we shall
continue to do what we were obliged to do last
year support these individuals that the Govern-
ment has bound itself by a sacred pledge to provide
for. If Congress will not provide hospitals, when
another pestilence sweeps through the country, we
must and will take care of these men. None of
them are residents either of Mississippi or Louisi-
ana. Some are thrown upon us by necessitous
circumstances, and some by business. And yet a
committee, composed of western members, under
these circumstances, come into this House, and,
if not recommending at least acquiescing in appro-
priations for little spots along the Ohio river, op- '
pose everything for the lower Mississippi. Sir, I
ask where are those persons to come from who
are to receive this bounty? It has been said in
argument that some of those hospitals on the Ohio
have not had the past year a single patient. I am
not surprised at it. Those who were destined for
them were buried on the banks of the lower Mis-
sissippi, before they reached the Ohio; and in con-
sequence of the kind charity that nursed them dis-
ease was scattered all along our shores. It is for
this reason, and not that I regret the charity, that
I soeak with feeling.
At this very time, Natchez, in Mississippi, is
petitioning the Legislature of my State to make
some sanitary provisions to protect the mouth of
the Mississippi, and'the points along the river;
and a committee appointed by the State of Louis-
iana is investigating'the subject; while the Gov-
ernor, under a sense of its importance, has sug-
gested, in its aid, an appropriation of a consider-
able portion of the land given for internal improve-
ments. And for what, Mr. Chairman, is all this?
Is it to make New Orleans healthy to the citizens
of that city or that State' Yv'hy, sir, they are not
the subjects of disease. The purpose is to extend
the hospitalities of the State to, and secure the
health of, those citizens of the West, and other
portions of the country, who visit us either for
pleasure or business.
Mr. Chairman, I have not designed to reflect on
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, or to prefer charges against him. I have
sympathized from the first in the embarrassment
of his position, in being compelled to ask appro-
priations from this House against the principle
of which, even in their advocacy, he has been
obliged to argue. I have made this to myself an
excuse for the many illogical speeches he has been
obliged to deliver during this discussion; and I did
not, therefore, expect a satisfactory answer to the
remarks of my friend from Mississippi.
Mr. McMULLIN. I am opposed to the amend-
! ment ofthegentleman from Louisiana; and I beg for
I a moment to call the attention of the committee to
' one or two facts which present themselves to my
j mind, and which I regard as of importance in the
! decision of this question. The gentlemen have
; not been able to draw to their aid the report of
your able Secretary of the Treasury, as was the
case when this subject of hospitals and custom-
houses was formerly before the committee. Here
the Secretary of the Treasury is not at war with
this much-proscribed committee. I do not envy
the position of the Committee of Ways and Means.
They are a sort of target, to be shot at by every
member whose particular bill and appropriation
they oppose.
Now, how stands this particular case? There
have already been appropriated for that hospital
some §60,000. Your Secretary of the Treasury
is .sworn to report the facts to the House, and if
more is wanted to complete the hospital, and he
has not reported that want, he has been derelict
in his duty. Let me say to my friends from
Mississippi and Louisiana, that if they need more
money to finish this institution, let them come for-
ward and ask the Committee of Ways and Means
to appropriate a sufficient sum in the general ap-
propiiation bill.
Mr. PERKINS. An appropriation in the gen-
eral appropriation bill would be entirely useless.
That bill will pass in August next. Appropria-
tions for the North can then he profitably ex-
pended. At the South they could not be, for it is
the season of sickness. It is therefore we ask if
you intend to give the appropriation in August
