1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ident power to suspend certain laws for the pun-
ishment of crime.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I certainly ad-
vocated no such doclrine.
Mr. BENSON. I do not refer to the gentleman
from Georgia, but to the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Phillips.] 1 took notes of his remarks at
the time, and i understood him to say that we had
no right to regulate the morality of the country
Mr. STEPHENS. I desire to put the gentle-
man from Maine right, so far as I am concerned.
Mr. BENSON. I am happy to be put right at
all times.
Mr. STEPHENS. Power is conferred upon
Congress by the Constitution of the United States
to punish crimes for violation of law. Congress
has got no right to go beyond that. Congress
can punish individuals for violating the post office
laws. Power is given to them for that purpose.
Congress can punish individuals for trespasses
upon the public domain. Power is given to them
for that purpose. Congress may define any line
of duty upon subjects within its constitutional
limits, and point out what shall be the penalty for
a violation of it; and such a violation would be
an offense coming within the class of which I
spoke. I deny that Congress can go beyond that.
Mr. BENSON. One line of duty in which
Congress may punish crime—and I call that crime
which is held so in the thirty-one States-of this
Union—is by withholdingits donations. This bill
says •' donate."
Mr. SI EPHENS. Can there be any crime
where there is no law? If there be no law in
Maine against bigamy, would it be just to punish
for a violation of the principle? And if there be
no law m Utah against polygamy, is it not mani-
festly unjust to make such an unjust discrimina-
tion as is proposed ? There is no iuw there against
polygamy, and hence there is no legal crime of
which your courts can take jurisdiction.
Mr. BENSON. I was remarking when I was
Inst interrupted, that the Congress of the United
States are about to confer a donation upon these
people; and can they not withhold this donation
if sound morality requires it? They should ad-
minister this Government according to thoseprin-
ciples which shall promote the morals of the coun-
try. Now, ( ask where there are thirty-one States
of this Union that punish this multiplicity of
wives as a crime, will you treat those who prac-
tice this in Utah so tenderly, and donate to them
your public lands? I will agree with the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] if there is no
law in Utah against a multiplicity of wives, that
it is not a crime by law there—that is a self-evi-
dent proposition. At the same time the practice
is to bediscountenanced in all proper ways—and 1
hold this to be one—do not give them your public
lands according to the provisions of this bill. Let
them fir^t conlorm to the laws upon this subject,
so important to the common welfare, which pre-
vail m every State in the Union, and then it will
be time to confer upon them the gift of your pub-
Jic domain.
We have not been officially informed of it, but
it is universally conceded that polygamy exists
among the citizens of Utah. Now, then, I ask
again, are we to shut our eyes to this fact, and make
a donation to those who live in violation, not of
the law of Utah, but of the law of every State in
the Union, and X may add, of the law of God ? I
would make no such donation as that—nor am 1
willing to close my eyes to the fact which exists,
while 1 know that it does exist—and I therefore
am opposed to the striking out of this proposition.
_ Mr. WALSH. There have been some very
singular things done and said here, Mr. Chair-
man, during this debate. The best, and, in my
estimate, the most effectual method of prevent-
ing polygamy, is for every young man, at the ear-
liest opportunity after he finds that he can support
a wife, to procure one. [Laughter.] Now, sir, if
my friend and colleague on the opposite side of
the House, [Mr. Simmons,] had adopted this plan,
and if others had adopted it—for 1 believe he still
remains a bachelor, and, therefore, he ought to
be the last man in the world to grumble about
other men taking two or more wives, as he has
not yet taken onehimself—if, 1 say, mycolleague
and others, had pursued that course, there would
have been no such thing as an opportunity afford-
ed^ to any man to monopolize wives. [Laughter.]
There is another thing connected with this
1097
debate, Mr. Chairman, which has struck me as
remarkable, and it is this: that there have been
several gentlemen on this floor speaking upon this
subject, who remind me of a hurdy-gurdy, set to
a single tune. .Not a solitary question can be
brought up m this House that we do not hear a
driveling sermon on abolitionism, and that wedo
not witness an attempt to goad a large portion of
the members of the House into a state of ill-feel-
ing, which can be productive of no good to us and
no good to the country.
Mr. Chairman, in reference to the provision
under consideration, I am m favor, most emphat-
ically, of striking it out of the bill. I think the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] has
given incontrovertible reasons why it should be
stricken out. And I see no propriety in us at
this time, when this flourishing Territory is pro-
gressing towards the condition of a populous
State; 1 see no propriety, I say, in our creating a
state of feeling there which may tend to produce
irritation and injury. The history of this people,
from the earliest period of their settlement, has
been one of outrage, wrong, bloodshed, and op-
pression; and now that they have removed far
beyond reach of the narrow prejudices and bigotry
of those surrounding them, the system of oppres-
sion and wrong under which they suffered should
not berevived. I believe that, with the single ex-
ception of this conventional idea of theirs, of their
right to have more wives than one—and that is
only a simple difference of opinion between them
and us—the Mormons are as good citizens, and
as faithful to the Constitution and the Repub-
lic, as the citizens of any other State or Territory
in this Republic.
Sir, time, example, good precepts, and persua-
sion, will do more to remove polygamy from that
Territory than all the laws you can pass here. Do
nothing. 1 would impress upon the members of
this House the propriety of doing nothing to in-
sult the prejudices of a people already goaded into
madness by the wrongs and oppressions which :
they suffered before they reached their present (
location. They are rapidly gaining in strength 1
and numbers. They will soon become one of the
most powerful sects—you must not shut your
eyes to the fact—in this country; and I trust that
the liberality of this House will not disgrace itself
by indorsing so narrow and contemptible a species
of legislation.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I desire to have the
debate upon this bill closed. Every gentleman
must see that unless debate is closed very soon
upon this bill, weshail not be able to act upon the
territorial business which is before the House
this week; and this week is the extent of time set
apart, by the order, for that purpose. I there-
fore move that the committee rise, with a view to
offer the usual motion to close debate.
[Cries of "Right!" "Right!" "No!"
"No!"] 5
Mr. LANE. I appeal to gentlemen to aHow
this motion to pass. We have other important
bills relating to the Territories which have not
yet been touched. W"e have no certainty of time
for this purpose beyond the present week; and
that we may not be deprived of the benefits of
that legislation, so important to the Territories, 1
hope the committee will rise, and close the debate
upon this bill now.
The question being upon the motion of Mr.
Lane,
Mr. CAMPBELL demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs.Taylor, of Tennessee, !
and Bailey, of Georgia, appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 79, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chairman j
[Mr. Phelps] reported that the Committee of the '
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the state of the Union generally un-
der consideration, and particularly the special
order, being bills relating to the organized Territo-
ries, and more especially House bills Nos. 316and
317, and had directed him to report bill No. 316,
with sundry amendments thereto, to the House,
with a recommendation that it do pass; and that
upon bill No. 317 they have come to no conclu-
sion.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. 1 move the usual res-
olution to close debate upon the (No 317) bill last
underconsideration in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union in five minutes after its
consideration shall be next resumed in committee.
The question was taken; and the motion agreed
to.
Mr. LANE. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was put; and the motion agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Phelps in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill to establish the office of sur-
veyor general in Utah, to grant donations to acWl
settlers therein, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The question pending is
upon the motion of the gentleman from Utah to
strike out the last proviso in the third section of
the bill under consideration.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Upon that motion I demand
tellers.
Mr. XCERR. Before the question is taken upon
the motion to strike out, I will take the liberty
of expressing the reasons by which I shall be
governed in the vote I shall give upon this motion.
1 do not propose to detain the committee long.
I regard the crime of bigamy 
A Member. Polygamy.
Mr. KERR. No, sir, bigamy. That is bad
enough. I say I regard the crime of bigamy as
a very heinous one. I am not disposed to give it
any countenance upon the part of this Govern-
ment. But, sir, its practice has been acknowl-
edged in the Territory of Utah, ever since the
organization of the Territory. It was known at
the time of its organization that it did exist, and
then was the time for Congress to meet the ques-
tion directly, and take the necessary measures for
its prevention. But, sir, Congress did not meet
the question in that form, at that time. And I
say it is our manifest duty to meet it -directly—
now. Congress possesses the power of supervising
all laws made by a Territorial Legislature; and I
say it is clearly the duty of Congress to exercise
that power by annulling any law which may exist
in that Territory that countenances or sanctions
such a crime.
But I am in favor of striking out this provision
for another reason. This is a homestead bill; and
while we are giving away the public lands to all
who come from Europe and elsewhere, to fugi-
tives from justice, and to everybody who will go
there and take it, 1 say it wilt be doing injustice
to these people to refuse to give it to them.' Con-
gress knew of the existence of polygamy among
these people, when they organized the Territory,
and used no means for its suppression. These peo-
ple, when they took possession of a portion of the
territory of this Republic, practiced polygamy
openly as no crime; and 1 say that, under these
circumstances, it is unjast to exclude them from
the benefits of this provision when they are ex-
tended so freely to outcasts from Europe, and
fugitives from justice.
Another reason by which I shall be governed in
the vote I shall give upon this provision, is that
mentioned by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Millson,] and, I believe, by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Walsh,] that, by the adoption
of any such proposition, we are recognizing, in
the form of law, that in this country the crime of
polygamy does actually exist. lam opposed to
the provision for this reason. When we are taking
hold of this crime, I propose to take hold of it di-
rectly, as we should of any other crime. By the
laws, I believe, of some of the States of this
Union, polygamy is a crime punishable with
death. 1 believe that punishment suited to the
crime, and I believe it the duty of this Govern-
ment to prescribe that penalty for its committal,
wherever it exists in the Territories over which
the Federal Government has jurisdiction.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 1 wish to oppose
the amendment. What time have 1 to do it in ?
The CHAIRMAN. The general debate has
not yet closed on the bill, but it will in two min-
utes.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will take the two min-
utes, and then five minutes afterwards, if I can. -
1 thiiik the proper distinction is not made by gen-
tlemen who argue in favor of striking out the pro-
viso. This land proposed to be donated is the
