1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that you will give it now, and we will anticipate
it by a judicious application.
Mr. McMULLtN. Mr. Chairman, the gen-
tleman has satisfied this committee that 
Mr. FULLER, (interrupting.) 1 see from
the report of Colonel Long, who has charge of
the hospitals in the southwest, that of the sum
appropriated for Natchez there is $4,035 37 unex-
pended.
Mr. McMtlLLIN. I thank, very kindly, my-
friend from Maine for stating this important fact.
Here are four thousand odd dollars unexpended
in April last. If this be not sufficient to complete
the institution, then I would tell my friend from
Louisiana that in the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill, if necessary, he can vote for
the deficiency. It is .not necessary to make the
appropriation in this deficiency bill. Facts here
show to the contrary. Then J ask the committee,
if they will, in violation of the report of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and in violation of the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, force the
appropriation of this money which was not asked
for?
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment to the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Louisiana, to add §500 to the ap-
propriation.
Mr. PERKINS. If there be no objection I
withdraw the amendment.
There being no objection the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. H1BBARD. I move to reduce the amend-
ment one dollar. I had not proposed, Mr. Chair-
man, to have entered into this debate about these
marine hospitals, because 1 believed it useless, as
the sense of the House has already been mani-
fested on the subject; and when that is done by a
legislative body," deliberately, decidedly, and re-
peatedly, as in this case, even though it may be
against my own convictions, I have not, on that
account, deemed it necessary to contest that will
any further. I am disposed to defer to the voice
of the majority thus expressed. I have been con-
tent to vote according to my convictions, without
consuming time by useless discussion.
But, Mr. Chairman, the references made to the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
make it proper, in my judgment, that I should
say & word or two in reply to iny friend from
Louisiana, [Mr. Perkins,] who, I know, will not
intentionally misinterpret me, though he misun-
derstood what! did say. I stated, sir, and repeat
now, that marine hospitals, at some points, are
needed. I believe one is needed at New Oileans,
and if there had not been enough already appro-
priated for that purpose, I would go for an appro-
priation. That place is not now under discussion.
It is possible marine hospitals may be needed at
other points. But what I said was, that for those
which are needed we had already appropriated
enough, as many of them had left sums unex-
pended, while others were not needed at all.
Now, sir, as to this point at Natchez, I know
Sittle about it. I have no particular objection to
the hospital there. My impression is that it
comes under the class of those for which no more
appropriations ought to be made. It appears, sir
that at Natchez they had unexpended in April
last upwards of $4,000. The Secretary asks no
more. He does not undeistand that any present
deficiency exists there-, but he goes on in his le-
port and tells us what remains to be done. He
says, on page 297, that this building, though not
yet completed, is occupied. It is plain, therefore,
that the appropriation has been nearly enough;
the building, if it was occupied, must be nearly
finished; and as to what is remaining, he says;
" That winch remains to he clone is mainly the.-construc-
tion ot hot-air furnaces ami heaier«, the erection of trace
pumps to serve as fire-engines, with conduits to convey
the water to all parts of the building, the making nf a brick
pavement, and the construction of a balustrade in Irom of
the hospital."
It will be seen by this that what remains to be
done is comparatively unimportant, mere matter
of finish, and I dare say the Secretary believes
that^he sura of money already on hand is sufficient
to do it. There is no deficiency now that he calls
for; at least it is to be inferred that theie is none,
or an estimate would have been made therefor.
ft has become very common for gentlemen to
read lectures to the Committee of Ways and
Means. I do not propose to reply to such attacks
because I am not troubled thereby. 1 believe gen-
tlemen mean their attacks in a Pickwickian sense.
They make them when they have nothing else to
say. When their propositions are such as to ad-
mit of no other argument, they fall upon our much-
abused committee. I might have been troubled by
these allusions if I had not become used to them.
Having served upon the Committee of Ways and
Means for some four years, I have become very
indifferent to this kind of talk; we have become so
accustomed to being scolded about, that we do not
feel it. We have got used to it, and appreciate it
at its true value, which is nothing at all. I think,
sir, we shall continue to do our duty, nevertheless.
I am not at all troubled about these attacks, but I
am sorry to see the puKlic money voted away in a
manner so prodigal and indefensible. The judg-
ment of the country, and the sober sense of these
gentlemen themselves, will assuredly be with us
m the end.
The House has already voted an appropriation
to Paducah, Kentucky. We had before appro-
priated for that point the sum of $49,625. Five
thousand has been added now, making in all,
over §54,000 for that point. The hospital is oc-
cupied, and in operation. Nine persons are em-
ployed there, and the annual amount of their
compensation is overp,000. The annual interest
on the money already appropriated isabout$3,000
more, making nearly $6,000 as the annual ex-
pense, in addition to the $54,000 expended there,
at a point where there is not a patient, where
there has not been one during the last year, and
where I am not aware that there ever has been, or
ever is likely to be, a patient. And notwithstand-
ing this the committee voted the appropriation of
$5,000.
It is probably useless to contest the Natchez ap-
propriation now, after such a vote, to say nothing
of others like it, and 1 do not propose to. If the
issue is to be made before the country upon such
a system of appropriations, I am prepared, for
one, to meet it. I am willing that it should go
before the country, and that the country should
settle it; I read no homilies to other gentlemen on
this floor. If they are content with their position
I am with mine. I say to gentlemen—and I ad-
dress myself particularly to this side of the House
—that we are starting out upon a programme of
appropriations which, if carried out, will require
an annual appropriation of $70,000,000.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the original
amendment, it was put, and decided in the nega-
tive.
, So the amendment was not agreed to.
j Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
! Foreign Affairs, offered the following amendment:
| For compensation to Petei Parker, for services as chaig^
' d'affaires in China from 24th May, 1K52, In 31^-t January,
1 1853, b<iin« the <1Ufei (Mice between the salary «<*cu'tary
; of legation ami nit<^rpirt«r and that nf chargi* d'affaires for
j the above stated time, §1,370 "<8.
Mr. CHANDLER. In pursuance of the di-
rection of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, I
directed a letter to the Secretary of State in refer-
ence to this matter, and he answered that Mr.
Parker served during1 that time as chargc d'af-
faires, and that it was proper to make the appro-
priation.
Mr. FULLER. I should like to inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania whether there has
j been any such officer as charge d'affaires to that
Government
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly. When the
; former Commissioner retired, he appointed this
gentleman as charge d'affaires.
Mr. FULLER. Was he not a mere secretary
of legation, pei forming the duties of the Minister?
i Is there any such officer known to the law as
charge d'affaires?
Mr. CHANDLER. He is, in diplomatic lan-
guage, a chargc d'affaires, and is charged with
the duties belonging to a Minister.
Mr. FULLER. I understand that we have a
grade of Ministers—chargc d'affaires—inferior to
a full Minister. There was a full Minister to
that court, with a secretary of legation, who, in
the absence of the Minister, performed the duties
pertaining to the mission. I am, therefore, op-
posed to the principle of giving pay to any officer
not known to the law or accredited to that Gov-
ernment.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order
upon that amendment. I do not tfn&torsfond thai
that amendment proposes to supply a"i^ficieney
in any respect; but that it proposes nothing.$01®
nor less than this: to give an additional samik
money to an individual for wliat is represented to
be extra service. That is about th£ amount of+JU A
The CHAIRMAN. While upon this potnfc,
the Chair would raak<e the same inquiry that he
did of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Mor-
gan,] whether the law now authorizes the payment
of this money, or whether the appropriation is
merely for the purpose of paying money now due?
Mr. CHANDLER. I-will read a clause of a
letter from Secretary Marcy upon that point.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would lijce to Hear
the whole letter read.
The letter was then read, as follows:
Department of State, )
Washington, JFeb. 7,1854. }
Sir: i have the honor to acknowledged "receipt of your
letter of the 6th inst., inquiring, under instructions from
committee of winch you are a member, whether Dr. Peter
Parker is entitled to the pay ©f a charge d'affaires of the
United States fiom the 24th of May, 1852, to the 31st of
January, J653.
In reply, I have the honor to inform you that itappeai^
from the files of this department, that Dr. Parker acted as
cbarg£ d'affaires ad interim of the United States in China
dunng the term above mentioned, and that it is usual for
Congress to .grant a secretary legation in such case£
the difference between his salary and that of a charge d'af-
faires.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, sir, your obe-
dient servant, W. L. MARCY.
Hon. Joseph R« Chandler, of the Committee on ■Foreign
J3Jfnirs of the House of Representatives of the I/. S.
Mr. LETCHER. I insist upon my point of
order being decided.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
this case is somewhat like the case Irom New
York. Th-e Chair then decided the claim to be in
order, and that it was not a private claim; but the
Chair was overruled by the decision of the com-
mittee. This case differs somewhat from thai,
and the Chair agrees with the Secretary in the
opinion that this money is due Ho the individual
named for his services. The Chair therefore de-
cides the amendment to be in order.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not think that the
Chairman states, as the Secretary has stated, that
it is due according to usual courtesy, and not by
law.
Mr. CHANDLER. We have precedents of
this kind every year.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment to be in order. Does the gentleman
from Virginia appeal?
Mr. LETCHER. I think it is like the Nety
York case, and I do appeal.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would be glad to
get some information upon this subject. I under-
stand that this Mr. Parker was an officer sent
upon this mission, and that he has received the
pay due to his position. The whole account is^
therefore closed. I ask whether or not this par-
ticular sum is proposed to be given to him as
| charge d'aifaires ad interim, and whether it is a
1 deficiency or not. What is the deficiency hereJ
I desire to be informed upon this point.
1 Mr. CHANDLER, it is a deficiency in tlie
gentleman's salary.
Mr. SMITH. I am not aware that the gentle-
man has any salary.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is in order. From this decision the
gentleman from Virginia appeals; and the ques-
tion now is, " Shall the opinion of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the committee?"
The question was taken, and the decision of the
Chair was not sustained; and the amendment was
ruled out of order.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the committee
do now rise, and report the bill and amendments to
the House.
Mr. EDGERTON. I have another amendment
to offer. I move to add the following:
And that A be! aril Gulliin, late claimant for a seat in the
House  r Representatives from Nebraska, be allowed the
per diem and milease tliat was allowed to Hugh N.
Smith and Almon W. Babbit, of New Mexico and Utah,
under similar circmriitances.
Mr. HAMILTON. I rise to a question of or-
der. There is no law authorizing such an appro-
priation, and I submit that it cannot be made as a
deficiency.
Mr. EDGERTON. I can state to the gentle-
man that it has been the custom heretofore to make
