1098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
public domain, and belongs to the people of the
States in common. If, then, we give them to
actual settlers who will cultivate, we have a right
to impose the terms; and we have the power, I
hold, to say that you shall not have this public
domain as a gift, if you intend to use it to per-
petuate that system which is recognized through-
out all the States as a high offense against public
morals."
The CHAIRMAN. The time fixed for the
closing of the general debate has now arrived.
The amendment pending is to strike out the last
proviso of the third section.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I move that after
the words " one wife" there be inseited the word
" living."
1 am opposed to the striking out of the provis-
ion referred to for the reason which 1 have given.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens]
assumes the ground that Congress is undertaking
to define such acts as shall he regarded as crimes,
and to punish them as such in the Territoiy of
Utah. Such js riot the fact. I do not know that
I should dis«£tee with him very much aw to the j
power of Congress to enact a criminal code for
Territories, but I do contend that the people of
that Territory, or those who would settle on our
lands, have no right to ask of us a bonus in favor
of extending a system of wrong doing or revolting
crimes, in the shape of donation of public lands.
If we donate the lands we have the right, and it is
our duty to impose such terms and restraints, as
will lay deep and strong in that far distant land
the foundation of sound morals. In what relation
do we stand to the Territory of Utah? Why,
sir, a very high State paper, which has recently
come before the other branch of this Congress and
the public, (the President's veto of the bill granting
lands to establish hospitals for the indigent in-
sane) 
The CHAIRM A iN. The gentleman from Ohio
is not in order. lie must confine his remarks to
the amendment under eonsideintion.
Mr.CAMPBELL. I can refer to a State paper
which has appeared befme the public without
saying anything of what has occurred in the other
branch of Congress.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman misunder-
stands the point of older made by the Chair. \V e
are now under the five-mtmite debate, nnd the
gent(eumr) must confine his remaiks to theamend-
inent; they must be relevant to it. |
Mr. CAMPliftLL. My amendment is to in-|
sert after 44 one wife" the word " living,''ko that j
the section will rend 41 one wife living." If his j
wife dies, then he is at hberty to take another, 1
and still have the benefits of the act; but 1 am op- ,
posed to the settler having nioie than one wife j
living. 1 propose to insert two provisions in order i
that he may be confined to one for the reasons .
which 1 have given.
As 1 said before, it is regarded as a high moral .
offense in every State of this Union, and we stand |
to these Territoues, if theie be any force in the j
authority of a high State paper which has appeared |
before the country this momma:, (the veto mes- i
sage,) in the relation of guardian, or parent, or 1
proprietor of the public domain, and we have a
right to impose the terms on which that public !
domain shall be given either to corporations, asso-
ciations, or individuals. I will never agree, as
one of the Representatives of the people who own ;
the soil, to give it as a bonus for settlement to
those who disregard all the mmal restraints which
they themselves enfoice in their own State gov- ,
ernments, through the instrumentality of stiong 1
penal enactments
Mr. GOO DIM CH. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, (Mr. Camp-
bell,] and let me say that 1 am not so much
troubled about invidious distinctions as tiie gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Kerr] seems '
to be—while T say that I am, at the same time, i
re«dy to cooperate with him in any direct mode of j
sinking at this crime, as he calls it. But strike at '
this crime as directly as you may, you will not
reach it so effectually as you will by retaining
this proviso m the bill. Annul bv law the act
authorizing polygamy, and how will you secure
the practical enforcement of your law ? Annulled
as that act may be by the law of Congiess, the '
people of Utah will still practice polygamy. 1
therefore want tins proviso retained lor the pur- ,
pose of reaching that people, if they are not!
already beyond the reach of moral considerations,
by carrying the moral power of this Government
there, so far as we have the power of legislating
on the subject. We derive that power justas we
derive the power in the States to reach any evil.
Polygamy, as all asjree, is a great moral, social,
and political evil. I am ready to strike it down
m any way, directly or indirectly. I would reach
it by carrying the moral power of this nation out
to Utah Territoiy, and saying to the people of
that Territory, that any man who practices this
crime of polygamy shall not receive the Govern-
ment bounty—shall not have the land which we
give to other people. I would touch them through
their interests in that way. I would reach this
evil just as we reach the great evil of intemper-
ance in the States. We legislate in the States
upon the subject of intemperance, some by the
application ot the Maine law, and others by other
means. 1 am for the Maine law; others are in
favor of other measures. But we strike down
intemperance as an evil, and so would I strike
down this evil, if these people are not beyond the
power and influence of moral considerations. I wish
to put into this bill a motal power against polyg-
gamy. I want to say to the people of Utah that
they-shall not receive grants ot the public lands as
other people receive them, if they continue m the
practice of this crime.
The question was then taken on Mr. Camp-
bell's amendment; and it was 1 ejected.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman,
it is proposed to strike out the following pro-
viso:
Provided, That the benefit* of ibis act «*lmlt not extend to
any person who t-hull now, or at any nine hereafter, be the
husband ot mom than one wile.
Now, the proposition before the House 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the gentleman from Tennessee that debate is ex-
hausted upon that amendment. The gentleman
from Tennessee, if he desires to submit any re-
marks, must offer some amendment, and his re-
marks must, be confined strictly toon explanation
of such amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR. [ propose to strike out the
word "one," and inseit in us place the word
" two," so that it will provide that the benefits of
this act shall not extend to any person who shall
now, or at any tune hereafter, be the husband of
j more than two wives.
1 am opposed to striking out this proviso; and
as I expect soon to be called to vote upon it, 1
desire to give my reasons for offering the amend-
ment I have. I regard the proposition to strike
out the whole proviso as offering a premium to
the polygamists of the whole world to settle m
that Territoiy- I desire to know if the American
Congi ess intends, by its act ion, to offer a premium
to bigamists and polygamists of the whole world, :
to come and take possession of a great, wide-
spread, and femie Teriitoiy of this Govern-
ment. 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman fromTen-
nessee, under the rules, is required to show why
one wife should be stricken out and two wives
insei ted. {Laughter.]
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 will speak to that point di-
rectly. While the position of the gentleman from
j (Jeoigia [Mr. Ntkphkn^] maybe correct, I will
I not stop to discuss the distinction he makes be-
j tween mala prohibita and mala in se. Yet. I submit
i to this committee whether the Go\ ernment, through
I this Congi ess, is to offer a bonus for the estabhsh-
1 ment and perpetuation of evil m that. Territory?
! This is the point involved in contrcveisy.
j In a very few years, under the operation of the
| proposition to stuke out this proviso, you will
' have that Territory peopled by polygamists, who
j will inevitably outnumber those who may settle
i there opposed to polygamy. What then ? The
! first step will be to apply for admission into the
1 Union. If you admit them, what then? By
I your action, your initiatory action, in encouraging
! settlements in that country, vou, the American
| Congress-*, have virtually established there polyg-
; amy—this crime and vice of the dark ages. Is
the American Congress prepared, for the sake of
1 technicalities, to establish this principle? 1 can-
i not vote for the proposition to strike out this pro-
1 viso. These are briefly my reasons, among
i others, why 1 cannot vote to strike it out.
| With the permission of the committee, I ask
I leave to withdraw the amendment I offered.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. BALL. I desire to offeran amendment.
Mr. HAYEN. Is the amendment last offered
disposed of?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not yet disposed of,
and is still pending.
Mr. HA V"EN. 1 do not wish to speak in oppo-
sition to the amendment, but I simply desire to
perfect the section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair assigned the
floor to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mill-
son,] understanding that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Ball] did not wish to speak in oppo-
sition to the amendment.
Mr. MILLSON. I oppose the amendment for
the reason I have opposed the whole proviso. My
idea is that we ought to treat the subject in a more
solemn manner than we are disposed to treat it by
the amendment under consideration.
I had prepared, Mr. Chairman, a further amend-
ment, to the proviso, declaring that eveiy law, and
every pait of any law, that may have been heie-
tofore passed by the Territorial Legislature of the
Territory of Utah establishing- or allowing1 bigamv
or polygamy, is hereby disapproved, and declared
null and void. But upon consideration, and a few*
moments'reflection, it occurred to me that it would
he better to proceed in this matter with more so-
lemnity. The question is one which demands the
solemn consideration of Congress; and the best
way to efl'ect this would be the introduction of a
joint resolution or bill, having one single object only
in view; and that, the annulling of any such laws
or regulations in the Territory of Utah. A bill to
this end, and not connected with any other meas-
ure of legislation, will therefore command the
almost unanimous assent of every member, per-
haps, in both Houses of Congress. It was for
these reasons, sir, and with the view to effect
] this purpose, that I conceived the idea of int.ro-
, ducmg such a proviso. I first supposed that it
1 was the appropriate duty of the Committee on
j Territories to intioduce such a joint resolution;
: but as they have faiUd to do so, and as no other
! gentleman has made a move in that direction, I
' determined to take the first opportunity of annul-
ling this legislation, winch has been hitheito
1 allowed to take place m the Territory of Utah.
, The CHAIRMAN. No further amendments
in order, and the question is on the adoption of
i the amendment offered by the gentleman from
I Tennessee, [Mr. Taylor ]
I Mr. TAYLOR. Iftherebe no objection,! will
j withdraw that amendment.
i There being; no objection, the amendment was
! accordingly withdrawn.
| A Member. What is the state of the question ?
' The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Ohio
! [Mr. Ball] has moved to strike out the sec-
! tion 
i Mr. HAYEN. I desire to insert at the end of
j the section proposed to be stricken out the amend-
| ment which I send to the Clerk's desk.
i The amendment was read, as follows:
I And Congress beiehy disapproves of ;ij] laws, if any, in
j the Tern lory ot' (Itall, that m any way recognize, allow, or
; enaei, lliat any man may have at one lime more than one
wite. or tti.it any woman may at one tune have more than
; one husband.
i Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order.
: The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from South
i Caiohna will state his question of order.
Mr. ORR. My point of order is, that the
i amendment is not germane to the bill, or to the
. section under consideration.
I Mr. HAVEN. Allow me to submit that this
; very pmviso is legislating in respect to these lela-
[ tions between husband and wife. That is the gist
1 of the proviso itself, and therefore I submit that
1 the amendment is not out of order.
; The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the Chair
j1 the amendment is not in order under the 55th
! rule of the House, which provides that no motion
Si or proposition on a subject different from that
!; under consideration will be admitted under color
I, of amendment. The amendment, as submitted
■ by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven,]
;• proposes to annul or repeal laws enacted by the
j; Legislature of the Territory of Utah. The sec-
j: uon under consideration proposes adonation under
|! certain restrictions. That is the difference, and
j' the amendment is not in order.
!i Mr. HAYEN. I humbly and respectfully de-
