890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 9,
J
Several Senators objected to the day as being
t0RIr.ri%OT. I will modify the motion, and name
Monday week.
The motion was agreed to.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the_ Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill to provide for
the ascertainment and satisfaction of claims of
American citizens for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the 31st day of July, 1801.
Mr. HAMLIN. On comparing; the printed
bill, which was reported from the committee last
year, with the engrossed bill as it passed, i find
there are \erbal amendments which I propose to
make to this bill, so as to make it precisely like
the bill which passed last year. I therefore pro-
pose to amend the first section by inserting after
the word " assignment," in the proviso, the words
" except gifts or donations," and to strike out the
word " claimant" and insert " assignee," so that
the proviso shall read:
Provided, also, That in all cases of transfer or assign-
ment, except gifts or donations, no assignee shall be enti-
tled to receive an amount beyond ihe consideration paid
and interest thereon.
And also in the seventh section to strikeout the
words "twenty years from," and insert at the
end of the section " upon twelve months'notice,"
so that the clause will read:
And such certificates of stock shall be redeemable at the
pleasure of the United States, at any time atter Ihe date ol
the termination of said commission upon twelve months'
notice.
The amendments were agreed to; the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended , the amend-
ments were concurred in,and the bill wasordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. DODQ-E, of Iowa. That is the bill pro-
viding for the payment of French spoliations com-
mitted prior to 1801, and in the language that the
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] employs, ,
when he speaks of land bills, I desire Co call the j
attention of the country, the people of the old as |
well as the new Suites, to the fact, that the Senate
of the United States are now about to pass a bill
which 1 believe would not have been read, but for
the amendment which I offered. I think the Sena-
tor from Maine proposed to pass it through with-
out reading, informing the Senate that it was the
bill which had passed at a previous session.
Mr. WELLER. Appropnatingnnly§5,000,000.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Only $5,000,000, my
friend from California says, were to be appro-
priated, without the bill being read. I know how
vain any opposition is which I may attempt to
make to a bill such as this, which has grown with
its age and strengthened by every possible appli-
ance. Suffice it then to say, that a bill which could
not get a committee of men who lived at the day
and generation when the obligations were in-
curred, to report it to the Senate of the United
States', which could not get a corporal's guard to
support it in the earlier history of the country,
when the aclors in the scenes out of which the
claims grew were living, and upon whom the ob-
ligation rested to repay that country which acted
so noble a part with us in our Revolution,and to- .
wards whicn I shall ever cherish the most kindly |
sympathies—now, since the jobbers, the men who ;
crowd and fill up the aisles here around Congress, 1
urge their claims, the bill can pass, pass without a
struggle and without opposition; and yet let the
homestead bill—let a bill which is for men, for
muscle, sinew, and bone, upon the frontier, come
up, or a bill which is to aid a State, and not take
one dollar from the Treasury of the United States,
and you will see how it will be fought to despera-
tion by every sort of appliance that the rules will
favor. This bill, vetoed by one President, ie-
jected by all the men that lived in the days when
the obligation was incurred, is now so powerful
that it is to pass, and will pass triumphantly, un-
less it should meet with a presidential veto, or a
defeat in the other branch of Congress.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire only to correct one |
mistake which the Senator from Iowa has made.
He says that when these claims had their origin ;
in the history of the country there were found
none to give them a favorable report.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. A bill, I said.
Mr. HAMLIN. Why the Senator is wholly ^
and totally mistaken. The very year succeeding |
the settlement of these claims, when our Govern-
ment appropriated them to pay their own debts,
a report on the bill was made to Congress, and
every Congress from that day to this has followed
U iVlr. PRATT. There is one other observation
made by my friend from Iowa in which 1 think he
is mistaken. He says that the owners of the
claims embraced in this bill, are now stock-jobbers
who crowd the lobbies of your Senate Chamber,
and that therefore the bill will pass without any
opposition; but when the homestead bill is brought
up it will be fought and opposed on every side of
this Chamber. Now the distinction between these
two bills, in my apprehension, is this: that the
bill now before us is to pay your own citizens a
debt which was honestly due from your Govern-
ment to them; while the bill to which the Senatoi
refers is only a premium offered to the immigra-
tion of foreigners to this country. That ^is tne
distinction which 1 see between the two bills. 1
think the bill before us, which is for the payment
to your own citizens of an honest debt which has
been delayed for years and years, ought to pass.
The Senator says it has not even been read; it has
been read; it has been rend in this Chamber year
afteryear,and it'nas been passed wheneverbrought
to a vote heie, under every state of political par-
ties in the Senate, it has always passed the Sen-
ate; and whenever a vote has been given in the
other branch of Congress, it has always passed
there.
Mr. President, 1 thought the allusion to the
homestead bill, in this connection, on the part of
my friend from Iowa, was unkmd towards those
citizens, at any rate; I speak of those from my
own State, which I represent here. They are not
besieging the Senate or any one here, in reference
to their claims; they are honest citizens of Mary-
land, who were owners of the vessels, and the
debt is honesdy due from this Government, be-
cause it has received from the French Govern-
ment a quid pio quo. Therefore, I do think that
my friend from Iowa is unkind in characterizing
them as he has done.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. It was the least of my
design to be unkind to anybody, and certainly not
to Ihe Senators from Maine and Maryland; but I
declare before God and man that with all my
reading on the subject—and I admit that it is not
a very great deal, but I have read numerous
speeches in relation to it, and I have heaid one
from the honorable Senator from Virginia, not
now in his seat, and from the late Senator from
Missouri—I believe the claim has no foundation
whatever ill justice. And, although my friend
states bills have passed, 1 ask him if a bill ever
passed the two Houses of Congress before 1846?
From 1800, then, to 1846, these claims were be-
fore Congress, and petitioned for, but a bill never
was passed, 1 believe, before 1846.
Mr. HAMLIN. Oh.no.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. It passed the Senate,
but.never, until 184G, did Congress pass it, and
then it was after a violent struggle. Nowitpasses ,
almost unanimously; and I now refer to thatwhich
1 believe to be the case; and I neither wish to mis- |
represent, nor do any injustice to any one of the
claimants,or anybody else. I understand, though,
that those interested—the purchasers of these old
clajras—have puton foot, among other appliances,
one of sending out agents to the capitals of diffeient
States, and getting up grand champagne parties,
with a view to get instructions through the diffeient
State Legislatures, and that there are high-minded,
honorable Senators here now upon this floor who
vote for the bill because of the instructions which
are thus gotten up in different parts of thecountry.
I have heard that in relation to it. Sir, the claims
are strengthening, and I believe will continue to
strengthen. There was a tremendous struggle to
pass them before; but they pass now almost with-
out objection.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to ask one question of
the Senator from Iowa—whether a vote in either
branch of Congress has ever been taken upon this
bill, in which it has not passed by a decided ma-
jority ? I can answer that no such vote has ever
been taken.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. President, as I propose to
vote for this bill, I will briefly state to the Senate
my reasons for that vote. I may be misinfoimed
as to the historical facts of the case; but if I am
not, I can conceive of no bill which commends
itself with greater force of justice to the Senate and
the country than this.
I will say to the Senator from lows that I will
not, however, oppose his homestead bill, but will
endeavor to be a co-laborer in that great measure.
There will, therefore, be one Senator in the body
who will vote for both these measures, believing
them not to be incompatible, but to be demanded
by the highest considerations of public and private^
benefit.
Mr. President, if I understand the history of
the matter, it is briefly this, without reference to
dates particularly: During the revolutionary war
we were weak and needed assistance. We at that
time applied to the powerful monarch of France
to become our ally. We made with France a
treaty offensive and defensive. We stipulated that
she should furnish us with money and men to aid
us m our struggle, and we stipulated to return a
like equivalentto her. We agreed, also, to protect
her in the continued and perpetual possession of her
West India islands. Our war ceased, and came to
a final, glorious, and advantageous termination,,
not more by the prowess of our own ancestors
than by the assistance of the French Government.
As I said, we made an alliance, offensive and de-
fensive, with France, and we stipulated to defend
her against her enemies, and partictilarly against
Great Britain,and especially to protect her m the
continuance of the possession of her West India
islands. Our difficulty passed away. Hers came
on, and she in vain appealed to our Government
to come forward and render that service which we-
had stipulated to render in leturn for what she had
done for us. We failed to render her any assist-
ance. The condition of our country was such that
we could not do it. We had neither the men,nor
the money, nor the navy, to carry out our stipu-
lation with her. We had, therefore, like a bank-
rupt creditor, to say, " You have got our bond*
but we cannot perform its conditions." Such I
understand to have been precisely the condition of
things.
France, then, incensed by our unwillingness or
inability; unwillingness, as she called it, for her
magnanimity would probably have induced her to-
pardon us if we had been able to show her clearly
that we were unable to perform it, and she would
have been an indulging creditor; but believing that
we were perfidiously and meanly refusing to per-
form our part of the contract, for which we had re-
ceived avaluableconsideration, she authorized, in-
directly, if not directly, her cruisers,her privateers,
and men-of-war, to commit depredations on our
commerce. They did commit innumerable depreda-
tions upon our commerce, against which we pro-
tested. But when we protested, they said, m sub-
stance, in return, "You are a perfidious nation;
you are justly liable to these reprisals; you have
not performed your engagements with us, and we
are now driven to the extremity of war, when you,
our ally, to whom, in times gone by, we rendered
good service, and liberated you from the bondage
of Great Britain, now refuse to perform your part,
and we will seek our indemnity and redress m
what way we can."
These-spoliations took place upon our merchant
commerce, and were cairied on for years and years.
Then we applied to France, as it was our busi-
ness, and our duty to do; for I hold that it is the
duty of every Government to apply for redress for
any injury or wrong done its citizens in the law-
ful pursuit of commerce at home or abroad. When
peace was again restored, we said to France, " here
is our bill of particulars; you have captured, seized r
and destroyed when we were at peace with you
and all Europe, vessel A, and vessel B, with their
cargoes, and they have been condemned; we
therefore demand of you an indemnity for these
acts. • ,
France substantially said, she did not pretend
to deny that the stipulations were true, but that
she did not know the citizens, and only the Gov-
ernment of the United States; she had nothing to
do with the citizens, but only the Government of
this country. And she said to the Government,
"we have a set-off against you; here is your
bond, in which you stipulated to return us services
for those which we rendered to you, you stipu-
lated to defend our West India possessions, but
you have not done so; and we have lost them in
consequence of your failure to perform that stipu-
lation; we will therefore not pay your citizens;
we were justified in these acts; they were the only
