1938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
,}ii SHARP S RIFLE.
Mr. TOtfCEY submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
ai\d .agreed to:
hvs&Ived, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of an appropriation
for We purchase of th.e Sharp rifle, tbr the use of the Army'
o( the "United States.
f ■ CAPTAIN LESLIE COOMBS.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which-was considered by unanimous consent,
arid agreed to:
fLesolmd-, That the Gommlttee on Pensions be, and they
areJiwreby, instructed to inquire into the expediency of al-
lowing the late Captain Leslie Coombs, all the arrearages
of pension due to him.
' T- . . , MRS. BATCHELDER. *
-Mir/ADAMS. I.move to postpone the prior
orders-with a view of taking up the bill for the
relief* of Mrs. Batchelder.
«Mr. WADE. Will the Senator allow met
mafee a report-from the Committee on Claims?
Mr. ADAMS. 1 insist on my motion, and ask
for a vote upon it.
-Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, that if he will allow us to
finish the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill
to-day, he can, after that, get up his bill much
more easily than now. We ought to finish that
bill to-day, so that the House may have a chance
of seeing our amendments. It will not be long
before the day of adjournment comes round, and
I hope we- shall go immediately to the considera-
tion-of that bill.
Mr. BADGER. I hope so too.
Mr. ADAMS. I have great anxiety for the
consideration of the bill which I propose to take
up, and would not think of continuing its consid-
eration longer than the morning hour, but if the
general wish be that we shall go on with the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill, I will give way
for that purpose. -
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
JVtr. HUNTER. 1 move then to postpone the
prior order, for the purpose of taking up the bill
frorp the House of Representatives " making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
1855." 1 hope Senators will permit it to be taken
up so that we may finish it to-day.
Mr. CHASE, i trust that the Senator will
allow the committees to report.
Mr. HUNTER. \ hope we shall devote to-day
to the civil and diplomatic bill, and reports can be
made to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ac-
cordingly resumed the consideration of the bill.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. i move to reconsider
the vote by which the Senate yesterday rejected
the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,} allowing the same
compensation to the clerks in the State Depart-
ment as to those in the other Departments.
The PRESIDENT. That motion will be re-
ceived, but it cannot be considered at present, as
there is an amendment offered yesterday by the
Senator from Florida, [Mr. Mallory,] which
is pending, to add the following as an additional
section:
Skc. —. divl be it further enacted, That the President of
the.linked States be authorized and directed to appoint
two persons to investigate and c  lh*ct proof, undui the
$y?tructions of the D'-partint'iit of the Interior, of the dep-
rivations upon private property by the Indians iw Florida,
pohfifqunit to the 125th of December, 1835—the report and
testiuiony to be submitted to Congress at its next session.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. 1 am friendly to the
amendment of the Senator from Florida, but
there is an exactly similar ease in Iowa, and I
trust, therefore, that my friend from Florida will
allpwth.e benefits of his amendmenttobe extended
to my State. We are twin sisters; we were born
together,'and I hope we shall not be separated in
any measure of redress when we have alike suf-
fered. I move, therefore, to add after "Florida"
the words "and Iowa/-' In that frontier State
we suffered from like depredations, i trust, there-
fore, my friend will agree to my amendment.
Mr.MALLORY. Mr. President, the testimony
•which it is sought to elicit by the amendment
which I have offered, was once obtained by offi-
cers of the Army who were detailed for that pur-
pose, so that 1 presume this will involve no addi-
tional expense whatever. The information was
e wj
k ih<
filed at the Department; but, by some means, has
gone out of* the possession of the War Department,
and is beyond their reach. It is highly necessary,
in view of the private claims continually coming
up, that the Department should have the informa-
tion desired. 1 should have no objection to a
separate proposition for the State of Iowa; but I
can see -no similarity between the two cases.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. WELLER. Is there any amendment now
before the Senate ? %
Mr. FITZPATRICK. If the Senator from
California will indulge me, I will make a brief
statement in reference to the motion to reconsider,
which I-made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright in
the chair.) There is another amendment which
was passed over on Saturday last. It is one re-
r orted from the Committee on Finance, to add the
■Howing additional sections:
Sec. —. And he it further enacted, That the President of
he United States, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to ap-
point a commissioner, at a compensation not exceeding
$4,000 per annum, to ascertain the nature, character, ex-
tent, and value of all valid claims arising in Washington
and Oregon Territories, under the treaty with Great Britain
of the 15th of June, 1846; and should said claims, or any
pari thereof, be deemed of sufficient public and political
importance to justify or require the measure, the President
is hereby authorized to direct said commissioner to agree
with the claimants and the Hudson's Bay Company for the
relinquishment of their claims on a just and fair valuation,
and to pay over the amount so agreed upon, upon a full
and entire surrender and relinquishment of all right, title,
claim, interest, and demand therein and thereto to the
United States: Provided, That none of the land acquired
under this section shall be subject to donation or preemp-
tion, but shall be sold at public auction, unless in cases
where, in the opinion of the commissioner, the sum bid
for any particular parcel or piece '•hall be less than a fair
price therefor, to be ascei tamed by the commissioner afore-
said, said sales to be made lor cash, ami at such times and
places, and with such postponements as may be directed
by the said commissioner; and for carrying into effect the
provision* of this section, in case of purchase, a sum not
exceeding $300,000 is hereby appropriated : I'lovided, That
the amount to be paid for all said clajm9, rights, and inter-
ests, shall not exceed the sum herein appropriated; and for
defraying the expenses of the commission, the further sum
of     dollars is hereby appropriated, payable out of any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropiiated.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall
be deemed inexpedient to yell said lands and improvements,
immediately, or any part thereof, the President shall be, and
he is hereby, authorized, on the extinguishment of the title
as aforesaid, to direct the commissioner to take possession
ot the same, for and in the name of the United States, and
to lease the same on such terms and conditions, and for
such sum or sums as he may deem proper and right, sub-
ject, however, to sal**, when, m his opinion, n may be
proper, lifter the United States purveys have boeu extended
over the same.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to fill the blank for
the expenses of the commissioner, with $500.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. WELLER. I. take it for granted that this
subject has been properly investigated by the Com* '
mittee on Finance, who reported the amendment. ,
It seems to me, however, that it is a very singular j
amendment to move to the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill. It embraces a large subject,
and provides for the appointment of a commis-
sioner to pass upon great questions. It seems to
me that it ought to have been brought forward as
a separate proposition. It is a subject of much
importance, ana is entitled to that degree of con-
sideration before it is adopted. The Committee
on Finance, however, having given it full inves-
tigation, and recommended its passage, as a matter
of course, I interpose no objection.
Mr„ HUNTER. I will state in regard to this,
that in the progress of our investigations on this
bill, that estimate was sent down by the Secretary
of State. He was very anxious that it should go
in this bill. He submitted with it a report of;
Governor Stevens, a very able report, which
shows the fact that we are getting into collisions
with these companies, who have certain rights
under the Ashburton treaty. It is important that
these things should be settled and got out of the
way. If foreigners have rights in our territory,
they may become troublesome.
There is a limit in the amendment as to the §um
which shall be paid. The commissioner is not to
purchase unless for a sum not exceeding $300,000.
We all know that when these companies endeav-
ored to sell their rights some years ago, they asked
$1,200,000 This is carefully guarded and drawn
up by the State Department, with the assistances
I believe, of the Land Office. It contains two sec-
tions in order to preserve the valuable property
which may be acquired by purchase, coneistmg
in part of improved farms and houses. There
does remain the objection of putting it in the civil
and diplomatic bill; but, sir, it is to be remembered
that that is the bill upon which the State Depart-
ment relies for its appropriations. The fact that
it has two or three sections, arises out of the de-
sire to guard the United States in relation to the
property which is proposed to be purchased.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. President, I now
move to reconsider the vote by which the amend-
ment proposed "by the Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Clayton] yesterday was rejected, as I think the
Senatecould not have understood the question in-
volved at the time. As it was, sir, the amendment
proposed to provide compensation for the em-
ployees in theofficeoftheSecretaryofState. They
were supposed to have been provided for in the bill
reported from the Committee on Retrenchment
and Reform some time ago, but I understand that,
under some regulation or ordery they were ruled
out, and have not been put on the same footing as
all the clerks in the other Departments. When 1
reached the Senate yesterday the amendment was
then under discussion; the vote was about being
taken, and I did not really understand the ques-
tion myself. Since then, I have been assured by
the chairman of the Committee on Retrenchment
and Reform, [Mr. Adams,] that in the original
bill they were proposed to be put upon precisely
the same footing with all the clerks in the various
Departments which that bill was intended to pro-
vide for; but, under certain rules of construction,
they have been excluded, and hence receive a lower
fcompensation for their services than those in any
other Department. I trust, therefore, that the
Senate will agree to reconsider the vote of yester-
day, and that the amendment of my friend from
Delaware will prevail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
It is moved to reconsider the vote disagreeing to
the amendment to insert in the bill the following:
That the act approved the 22d of April, 1854, entitled
" An act to amend the third section of the aot making ap-
propriation for the civil an4 diplomatic expenses of Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th June, 1864, and tor other1
purposes," shall be so construed as in regard to increased
compensation for the fiscal year ending the 30th of Jnne
last, to include within its provisions the clerks of the De-
partment of State, and the clerks in the office of the Coa&t
Purvey ; and that the chief clerk m that department shall
receive the same compensation as the chief clerk in the
other departments of the Government for the last fiscal
year j and that the money necessary to carry these pio-
visions into effect is hereby appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. ADAMS. If I can have the attention of
the Senate for a very few minutes, I will explain
that amendment. The bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment and Reform, which passed
the Senate some time ago, was intended to extend
to the,different Executive departments in Wash-
ington. Under the bill classifying the clerks in the
differentDepartments, it so happened that those in
the State Department were not classified. There
was a provision in the bill, however, which, it
was believed by the committee, would extend to
all clerks whether classified or not, by reference to
the character of the labor they were performing.
When the bill was before the Senate, the Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] inquired of me
whether it embraced the clerks in the State De-
partment. All the reasons, if they were good, for
embracing the clerks of the other departments,
operated equally in favor of these clerks. I so
stated to him at the time, and, consequently, it
was then understood that they were embraced.
The Attorney General determined that they were
embraced. The Comptroller entertained a different
opinion; and they have been excluded by his de-
cision. I think all the reasons operate in their case
which operated in the others, and that was the
reason that it was proposed to provide for them.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope the vote will not be
reconsidered. If it is, we shall have amendments
offered embracing all the other clerks in the Dis-
trict. I hope when we have decided a question
we shall adhere to it.
Mr. CLAYTON. How can it be possible that
any other amendment will be offered, founded upon
this reason ? This amendment was offered for the
express purpose of carrying out the provisions of
an existing law. It does not make a new law;
