1100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
can but see the power in Congress to do it. All
I ask is for gentlemen to show me this power.
Again, how do gentlemen propose to accom-
plish this purpose? By the enactment of laws?
How will they be executed? By a jury of the
vicinage? Why, every inhabitant is a Mormon.
He will screen the accused, instead of aiding in
the execution of your laws. Government can
only scourge out this evil by military tyranny.
Sir, " to this complexion " your acts must come
at last. Now, sir, will this justify an assumption
of power? I again ask for the power of Congress
in this matter; and if it is shown to me, I will
cheerfully act. I cannot legislate in blindness,
both as to power and the mode of reaching an
end. ! advise gentlemen to look to these, and
not to moral and social enormities, in the charac-
ter of which we all agree.
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island. I would ask
the gentleman where Congress gets the power to
insert the word " white" in this bill? I should
like to have the gentleman answer that question.
Mr. KEITT I have an immitigable scorn,
sir, for abolitionism and all its offshoots; but I
will answer the question 
(Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Keitt's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to amend by insert-
ing at the end of the proviso the following words:
" unless the marriage shall be legal."
1 insist that there is a necessity for the adoption
of the amendment i have offered, for this reason:
Congress has no power to disturb existing rights.
If the people of the Territory of Utah were
clothed with authority to pass a statute which
recognizes the validity of these marriages, then po-
lygamy is notacrime,and Congress has no power
to declare that a crime which has been legalized
iri the Territory ■ We might as well attempt, by
legislation, to bastardize the issue of these mar-
riages; and we might as well go still further, and
change their law of inheritance, and say that the
issue resulting from these mairiages should not
be entitled to inherit the property which belongs
to their parents.
It is too late now, after the Government of the
United States has sanctioned the existence of this
law of polygamy, and given to these people a ter-
ritorial organization, to fix upon them as a crime
that which has been sanctioned by your G vein-
ment. I hold that the only way to treat thus
matter, is to bring up the question directly, and
assert the power, if we possess it, of repealing the
organic law under which polygamy is sanctioned
in this Terntory. What right have we to fix upon
these peouie as a crime that which has been sanc-
tioned by law? The very highest authority we
have declares that there can br no offense where
there is no law. Such is the language of the Bible;
and it is useless to tnIk about the existence of
crime, when it receives the sanction ofyoui laws.
The marriages which have taken place under ter-
ritorial law are valid; and the rights of these
parties cannot be disturbed by the action of Con-
gress. All that we can do is to look to the future,
and prevent these marriages, if we consider them
immoral.
Mr. KERR. 1 am opposed to the amendment,
of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Seward,] for
the reason, as I believe, that it will render the pro-
viso a {i ttle more acceptable. I do not see that any-
thing in the world is to be accomplished by the
/ling that is now being made at the Mormons.
Supposing polygamy to be a crime, as all of u<*
pronounce zt to be, what will be the effect of an
attempt, at the present time, to strike at it? It
will drive off the Mormons from Utah to some
other portions of the Union, where the homestead
bill that we have parsed during the present session
of Congress will enable them to settle down again
comfortably and securely. Congress will thus aid
and abet m establishing them elsewhere by the
authority given them to go there, and thus indi-
rectly sanction this very institution of polygamy,
and do injustice to other communities.
Mr. COX. I would like to understand the pro-
visions of the law of the Territory of Utah m
relation to matrimony. Does the law of the Ter-
ritory on that subject justify a plurality of wives?
Mr. KERR. 1 hope my fiientf will pardon me.
My time is too limited to allow it to be encroached
on. 1 understood the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Diskey,] the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands, to state this morning, that he had in his
possession a copy of the laws of that Territory,
m which polygamy was recognized by law there;
and I understood the Delegate from that Terri-
tory this morning, in reply to a question, substan-
tially to admit that fact.
"W ell, Mr. Chairman, I was going on to observe
that polygamy, whatever it may be, has not been
legalized by Congress. It is confined to Utah; it
is confined there almost exclusively. The effect
of the present proposition, if adopted, will be to
diffuse it through the vast extent of the public
domain. For. if you virtually prohibit it in Utah
by the provisions of this bill—which is a home-
stead bill on a very restricted scale—the effect will
be to drive the Mormons from their present local-
ity, and scatter them broadcast through all the
rest of the public domain of this country.
Now, Mr. Chairman, as one who is sincerely
and decidedly opposed to the prevalence of crime
of every sort, and especially to the existence and
prevalence of this particular crime, I am opposed
to this amendment. If Congress has not got the
fearless independence and determination to make
a bold and direct onslaught on the institution of
polygamy, by providing penalties for the punish-
ment of those guilty of that crime—so long as
Congress does not aim at its total suppression—
then I say let it stay where it is. Let it be con-
fined to Utah; and do not interpose any enact-
ment of legislation heie, the dnect tendency of
which will be to unsettle again that migratory
horde of people—for they are a migratory people,
start at a very short notice, and go a very great
distance, in order to secure a place where they
can enjoy the exercise of their religious rights. 1
am in favor of giving these Mormons a title in
the land, instead of having them cut off as they
are by the restriction of this territorial bill.
Mr. SEWARD. If there be no objection, I
desiie to withdraw my amendment.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I desire to make an in-
quiry. If I understood aright the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Bknbon,] who read the law organ-
izing the Territory of Utah 
The CIIAIRMAN, (inteirupting.) The gen-
tleman from New York must propose an amend-
ment if he wishes to speak, debate having been
exhausted on the original amendment.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Then I move to amend
the section by inserting the words " or who shall
not have a wife."
The CHAIRMAN. If I understood the gen-
tleman from Maine, who read the law organizing
the Territory of Utah, all laws there passed must
ultimately come before the Ilouse for approval.
Am 1 ri^ht, su ?
Mr. KERR. No, sir; you are not. The gen-
tleman from New York will allow me to explain.
I was present when the law was read this morn-
ing. ' Legislation in Utah is the law of the Terri-
tory until reversed by Congress.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Well, Mr. Chairman,
I understand that such laws as are passed m the
Territorial Legislature are sent to the Speaker of
the Ilouse, and require the action of this House.
Am I right, sir?
The CHAIRMAN. They do not require the
action of this House.
Mr. WALBRi DGE. Well, sir, if it is so that
the law organizing the Territory of Utah, and the
laws which are ma.de in that Territory, are in
' force until they are superseded by the action of
this House, then I am in favor of sinking out this
proviso, and acting directly on this question when
it comes here before us for our sanction or for our
reversal.
For that reason I shall vote to strike out this
proviso; stating at the same time, that if I can
have an opportunity of passing directly upon the
question, and entertaining the conviction that I
do, that polygamy is hostile to our institutions,
and not in accordance with the spirit of the age, 1
shall vote against it. I shall now vote for striking
out the provision in this bill, with the hope, and
under the impression that that other question will
soon come before us for our direct action.
Mr. J'ERNHISEL. I desire simply to re-
mark that there is no statute in the Territory of
Utah on the subject of polygamy. It is a matter
of ecclesiastical law.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. If there is no statute
law in Utah upon that subject, and jf we shall
not, therefore, be enabled to reach this enormity
by a direct vote, I shall change my position, and
stand by this proviso. If we have the power of
donating these lands, we may connect with such
donations the conditions upon which they shall
be made, since we stand in the position of donors,
with power to impose the terms of the grant.
If this practice rests upon ecclesiastical law,
and this House has not the power to strike it
down, I shall then sustain this proviso, that being
the only manner of reaching the evil. I am there-
fore decidedly in favor of standing by the proviso.
Mr. LYON. Mr. Chairman, this Territorial
bill proposes to give, upon certain conditions, one
hundred and sixty acres of land to every single
man, and three hundred and twenty to every mar-
ried man, "provided farther, that the benefits of this
act shall not extend to any person who shall now, or
at any time hereafter, he the husband of more than one
wife." Against the striking out of this proviso I
most earnestly protest. This subject is too lightly
considered, I fear, by this enlightened committee.
Its great consequence as a precedent makes it
needful that our investigations should be thorough,
worthy of Christian statesmen and Christian law-
givers. I would appeal to the hearty patnotism
of every member piesent, educated, as they have
been, in the principles of the Pilgrim fathers, Cav-
aliers, and the Huguenots—the descendants of men
who fled from profligate, libidinous, and licentious
courts to enjoy a Mrtuous quiet m the unbroken
wilderness of the West—if they are willing to see
this Government disgrace itself by express or im-
plied legislation, in any way sanctioning the prac-
tice of polygamy in this country. Its enormity as
a crime has been made the subject of stringent
statutes m eveiy State in the Confederacy. Is a
premium to be paid, in fertile lands, for the de-
bauching of our daughters and the deluding of
our wives? Is this Congress so weak as basely
to stoop to such a purpose, reversing all the cher-
ished associations and instructions of our child-
hood? Is this black cancer sore, this creeping
leprosy, to be encomaged?
When the people of Utah are place 1 on the
same basis as the people of other Territones. is
not that sufficient, is not that enough'1 Strike
out the clause, and what will be its actual conse-
quences? Individuals will go there whose senses
are stronger than their sentiments, whose passions
override their principles, and a\ai! themselves of
Government bounty, and, like Persians, Hindoos,
and Musselmen, fill their houses with the blooming
beauties of the North,and the witching women of
the South, provided they have wealth or personal
attractions to induce such a painful and hortid
sacrifice. It has been demonstrated clearly by all
political economists, Dr. Fianklm, Malthas, and
Miss Martmeau, that one man is just enough for
one woman, the very state the Lord originally in-
tended when lie created Adam and Eve. That
thcreshould be no monopoly of the fair sex. Yet,
when polygamy is tacitly respcctableized by an
American Congress, U may not be so difficult to
fill with sisters and daughters—those whom God
destined for a nobler domestic sphere—an Ameri-
can Harem, a Mormon Seraglio. Sir, there is but
one way to kill the cockatrice. It is to break the
egg. It is to break the egg.
Let us look for a moment to those countries
where polygamy exists—to the feeble and dis-
membered empire of the Sultan, at present under
the protectoiate of England and France. Wo-
men, accoidmg to the Koran, have no immortal
souls; women are sold as slaves; women are pro-
tected by high walls, guarded by eunuchs, the
creatures of appetite, ministering to the most in-
flammable passions of our nature. The bitter
unhappiness of Harem life is little understood—
us degredation of woman, its brutalization of man.
The innocent young creatures who seek Constan-
tinople, and other cities of the Orient, look upon it
as destiny; and bear their lot, prisoned by marble
walls, amid the splendid misery of hanging gar-
dens, sparkling fountains, radiant flowers, breath-
ing perfumes, with sad and breaking hearts. And,
sir, do you think things are different among the
{,Latter-Day Saints" in the Mormondnm of Utah ?
No, sir; just as bad. Amid the jealousies of a
plurality of wives the respect of parental authority
is lost, the gentleness of fireside instruction and
hearthstone memories is destroyed. Crime of
the most revolting character ensues; infanticide
