1102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
usual duration, it might be a matter of considera-
ble doubt whether it could be called a benefit for
a man to have half a dozen wives. [A laugh.] 1
think my amendment obviates the objections which
have been raised by different members of the com-
mittee, and I hope it will prevail.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I shall tres-
pass upon the attention of the committee for but a
single moment. I do not intend to occupy my
five minutes. It seems to me that a great portion
of this debate has been altogether outside of the
real question before the committee. In the home-
stead bill, which was before the House some time
ago, and which passed the House, certain condi-
tions were imposed. One condition was that the
beneficiaries should be white; another condition
was that they should reside on the land for the
space of five years. Now, I do not understand
that either of those conditions implied that we
thereby declared that all those who were not
white, or who did not live upon the land for five
years, were criminals.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Maine must confine his remarks to the pending
amendment submitted by the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. WASHBURN. 1 will endeavor to do so.
And ro I do not understand that, in voting down
the amendment of the gentleman from New York,
and voting for the bill as it now stands, we de-
clare, directly or indirectly, expressly or by im-
plication, that polygamy is or is not a crime. We
only say that, in making these donations, we will
impose such conditions as we did in the case of
the homestead bill, as we shall judge to be of
sound policy. In the homestead btll we imposed
such conditions as we thought would be benefi-
cial to the country; but we did not thereby de-
clare that everybody who did not come within
those conditions was a criminal. And so in this
case; we believe that sound policy and the good
of the country, requires that, m making these do-
nations, we should limit them to certain persons,
and we may do it. I hope that the amendment
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Hitches]
■will not prevail, and that the bill will be passed as
it was originally reported.
Mr. PARKER. 1 wish to make a suggestion
to my friend from New York, [Mr. Huciifs.]
inasmuch uk the Delegate from Utah [Mr. Bkkn-
xiiskl] told us that there was no law regulating
this matter in the Territory, I ask the gentleman
from New York to accept the following modifica-
tion: to insert at the close of his amendment the
words 14 under color of law or otherwise."
Mr. HUGHES. I accent the mollification.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hughes\s
amendment, as modified, and it wan agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I propose to amend the
amendment by striking out all after the word
i( person," in the eighteenth line, so that it will
read, " Jhitl provided Jiuther, That the benefits of
this act shall not extend to any person." [Laugh-
ter.]
If the amendment I have offered is adopted,
this bill will receive my support. If it is not
adopted, I shall most certainly vote against it.
Mr. COX.. Iw theamendmentof the gentleman
from Viigmia in order?
Mr. LETCHER. I do not mean to occupy
much of the time of the committee in discussing
n. It does seem to me, from all we have heard
here—if I can get this provision adopted—that
the bill will pass without any opposition at all;
and I do not think that there will be half a dozen
votes agajiiRt it. It seems to me, as the time for
the discussion of territorial bills is so limited—
tiiere bein*; only two days more under the special
order—and as the Committee on Territories seem
to be hatching bills regularly every night, [laugh-
ter,] that the sooner we get through this bill the
better, if we mean to have the other bills consid-
ered at all.
Mr. PHTLLIPS. Is it in order to move an
amendment now.
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment would
not he m order now, as there are two amendments
already pending;.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I desire to offer, at the suita-
ble time, an amendment to the proviso.
The CM AlRMAN. The question will first he
taken on the adoption of the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher.1
Mr. LETCHER. I ask for a division.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to say a single word.
I wish to call the attention of the committee to
the fact that this is a bill creating the office of
surveyor general for the Territory of Utah.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
is not confining his remarks to the amendment of
the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. DISNEY. I think I am clearly in order.
I repeat, that this is a bill creating the office of sur-
veyor general 
Mr. LETCHER. I would ask theChair if the
gentleman from Ohio is in order to debate this
question after division is called for?
The CHAIRMAN. A division had been called
for by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letch-
er;] but the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney]
rose and addressed the Chair before the division
had taken place; and therefore, in the opinion of
the Chair, he is in order. It is an every-day prac-
tice for gentlemen to rise and address the Chair in
this way.
Mr. DISNEY. As I said before, when I was
interrupted, I desire to call the attention of the
committee to the fact that the bill now under con-
sideration is a hill creating the office of surveyor
general for the Territory of Utah. The language
of the bill itself is imperfect. The phrase u for
the benefit of settlers on the public lands" is in-
correct. It should be " for making donations of
the public lands." But the phraseology of the
amendment offered by thegentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Letciier] would prevent the extension of the
benefits of the hill to any person, and would prac-
tically defeat the objects of the whole hill.
Mr. LETCHER. That is precisely what I
want.
Mr. DISNEY. The gentleman from Virginia
says that the defeat of the bill is precisely what he
wants by his amendment. This bill provides for
the extension of the land system of the United
Stutes to the Territory of Utah.
Mr. LETCIIER. Very well. Then make a
hill for that purpose.
Mr. DISNEY. The bill under consideration
is a bill for that purpose.
Mr. LETCHER. No, it is not; it is a bill for
a great many other purposes.
Mr. DISNEY. Yes; but the main object of
the bill is to extend the land system over the Ter-
ritory of Utah; to provide for its sin vey; to create
the office of surveyor general. Among the pro-
visions of the bill, it is true that there is one making
donations of lands to actual settlers. But yet the
gentleman from Virginia limits the bill to the one
idea, seeing nothing beyond it, knowing nothing
else, but limiting its operation, in his mind, to a
single solitary point. And therefore he moves
the amendment which, if adopted by the House,
will effectually defeat the bill.
Mr. LETCH ER. The bill is not, in my mind,
limited to a single point. But I told the gentle-
man from Ohio, in my remarks proposing the
amendment, and I have told him since, that I
wanted to destroy this bill.
Mr. DISNEY. Very well. I stated so.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well; when you un-
dertake to make a statement in what I am con-
cerned, state the fact as it occurs.
Mr. DISNEY. I shall, sir; and I have done
so in this instance.
The gentleman from Virginia says that he de-
sires to defeat this bill. If the House is of the
same disposition, then, in the name of God, let it
be done rapidly. It is a bill to provide for the
extension of the land system of the United States
over the Territory of Utah, to cause the Territory
to be surveyed, to bring it under the control of
the land administration, to create the proper offi-
cers to execute this work. The gentleman from
Virginia is opposed to all this. I do not know
what reason he has for his opposition, hut 1 pr -
sume it is about the same as he usually has m op-
posing measures of every kind.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Mr. Chairman, is there any-
thing before the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. There are two amend-
ments pending; and no further amendment is in
order. The question is now on the adoption of
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Letcher.]
A division was called for.
The question was then taken by division. The
Chairman announced that there were but fortv-
four votes in the affirmative; not a sufficient num-
ber.
Mr. LETCHER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Keitt and
Camfbkll were appointed.
Mr. MEACH AM. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chan man of the committee
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the state of the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly the special order, being
business relating to the organized Territories; anil
more especially House bill No. 317, and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. BOYCE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly, at three o'clock and
forty minutes, adjourned until to-morrow attwelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 5, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to suggest a slight
amendment to the Journal. It is stated there
that I presented a report from Professor Jackson,
in relation to the coal fields in Noith Carolina.
There was another report laid in it which I sup-
pose escaped the attention of the proper officer.
I wish to add, "and also a report of Professor
Emmons, State geologist of North Carolina."
The amendment was ordered to be made.
ORDER OF BUSINESS PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will suggest
to the Senator from Pennsylvania, that this is
private bill day.
Mr. HUNTER. I gave notice yesterday that
I should, to-day, make a motion to change the
rule, so as to allow the consideration of the Indian
appropriation bill. 1 ask that my motion be taken
up.
Mr. SLIDELL. I object.
Mr, CHASE. I wish to ask the Chair if a
single objection is sufficient?
The PRESIDENT. A single objection, in the
opinion of the Chair, is sufficient to prevent the
consideration of that resolution to-day.
Mr. CHASE. Then I object to it.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Chair decide that,
after having given notice, I cannot make the
motion to day?
The PRESIDENT. A resolution was filed
yesterday by the Senator from Virginia, to change,
for to-day, the resolution setting apart Friday for
private bills; but this being private bill day, that
resolution cannot be considered without unani-
mous consent.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Chair decide that
my resolution cannot be called up and considered,
i unless by unanimous consent?
I The PRESIDENT. That is the opinion of
i the Chair.
! Mr. BADGER. I hope, although this is ob-
J jection day, that there will not be any objection
, to my being permitted to do this: I some time
i ago presented a petition, and had it referred to a
committee, but somehow or other, it has got mis-
i laid, and 1 ask permission to file a duplicate of
! the petition, for the purpose of having it referred,
j There being no objection, it was received,
j The PRESIDENT. The Chair will suggest
■ to the Senate, that an order was made by the Sen-
i ate, setting apart last Friday for the considei ation
of adverse reports.
! Mr. PETTIT. But the Senate adjourned from
: Thursday to Monday.
i The PRESIDENT. The Senate adjourned
1 over, and no business was transacted on that
! Friday.
Mr. PETTIT. Is that the order of business
now ?
The PRESIDENT. No, sir; the Chair is of
opinion that the consideration of private bills
must be proceeded with.
