392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 9,
competent for us to decide upon these bills in the
morning hour. I therefore think that the subject
had better be postponed until Saturday, when the
Senator from Connecticut can conclude his speech,
so that we may have the whole of to-morrow for
the consideration of private bills.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
on the postponement until Saturday, and declared
that it appeared to be carried.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall have to appeal to the
friends of the measure and to the indulgence of
the Senate not to postpone the bill for a longer
period than to-morrow.
Mr. BRIGHT. I presume the Senate will
hardly sit on Saturday. I take it that there is not i
a Senatof present but would prefer to give the Sen-
ator from Connecticut an opportunity of finishing
his speech to-morrow, and to dispense with the
consideration of private bills. I therefore move
that the further consideration of the subject be
postponed until to-morrow, at one o'clock. I think j
that will meet with the approbation of the Senator. 1
There is no rule for the Senate adjourning over I
Saturday, hut it is our custom. '
Mr. PRATT. I suppose the question will be
put on the 'onfrest period first.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw the motion to
postpone until Saturday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be on postponing the fuither consideration of
the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. PRATT. I move to amend, by substi-
tuting Saturday.
The PRESIDJNG OFFICER. The question
is first on postponing until to-morrow.
Mr. PRATT, f have renewed the motion to
postpone until Saturday, and, according to parlia-
mentary rule, as I understand it, the question must
first be taken on the longest period.
Mr. BADGER. I think my friend from Mary-
land is mistaken. The privileged motions when
there is a question before the Senate, amongothers,
are, to postpone until a time certain, and to post- !
pone indefinitely; but these motions are not amend-
able. If a motion is made to postpone indefinitely,
an amendmentcannot be offered to strike out " in-
definitely" and put in " to-morrow," they are spe-
cific privileged motions; and a motion being made
to postpone until to-morrow, it must be put to
postpone until to-morrow.
The motion to postpone until to-morrow was
agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION".
On the motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 9, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milbur^.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the War Department, transmit-
ting, in compliance with a resolution of the House
of Representatives of the 30th ultimo, a report
from the Chief of the Topographical Engineers,
with such plans and estimates as were in the War
Department, for the removal of obstructions at
Colbert Shoals, in the Tennessee river.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is a communication in
response to a resolution winch I had the honor to
offer. I move that it be referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and be printed.
The question was put, and the motion agreed to.
GUANO TRADE.
Mr. FRANKLIN. I hold in my hand reso-
lutions passed by the Legislature of the State of
Maryland in regard to the present monopoly in the
sale of guano. I ask leave to present the same to
the House, and move that they be referred to the
Committee on Agriculture, and be printed.
No objection being made, the resolutions were
introduced and referred, as above indicated.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. On yesterday the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence] moved to re-
consider the vote by which the House agreed to a
certain amendment of the Senate to House bill
(No. 50) " making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending June 30, 1854." The Clerk
will report the amendment.
Mr. ROBBINS. Will it be in order to post-
pone the consideration of this subject until my
colleague, [Mr. Florence,] who made the motion
to reconsider, shall come into the House? 1 per-
ceive he is not in his seat..
The SPEAKER. That can be done by unani-
mous consent. The Chair hears no objection,
and the House will proceed to the next business
in order.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The SPEAKER. The business in order is the
consideration of House bill (No. 49) " to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1854,"
upon which the mam question has been ordered.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union yesterday reported the following amend-
ments, which will be read by the Clerk.
Mr. HOUSTON. There are a good many
amendments to that bill, and I suppose it will be
the better way, if the House will agree thereto,
to read over the amendments, and if any member
desires a separate vote upon any of them, let htm
indicate that wish,as the reading progresses. To
such as are not objected to one vote can be taken
upon the whole.
The SPEAKER. That is the usual and con-
venient mode of proceeding, and if not objected
to, that course will be pursued.
The Chair hears no objection. Should any gen-
tleman desire a separate vote, he will indicate it as
the reading proceeds.
The Clerk then read the following amendments,
to u hich no objection was made:
First amendment:
In line 33 strikeout " For outfit of a commissioner to re-
sult in Chum, $0,000."
Second amendment:
In the following claupo—
"For the ut>uul r- turn allowance for Ministers of the
United Suites to Great tfntain, France, Ku-wa, Prussia,
Spam, Brazil, Mexico, Pern, and Olnli, $t2",250''—
Stuke out tin- wurd <« Peru" and and insert in
lieu liiereof''#18,000."
Third amendment:
In the following clause—
" For the usual return allowance of charge d'affaires* as
Ministers resident to Portugal, Austria, Demnatk,Sweden,
Holland, Belgium, Naples, Sardinia, (he Papal States, New
Gianada, Venezuela, Kueno* Aytes, Bolivia, Guatemala,
Ecuador, and Nicaragua, .$18,000"—
Strike out the word '♦ Guatemala," and also "$18,000,"
and, in lieu of ihe latter, m&ert " $15,7o0."
Fourth amendment:
Add to the clause "For outfits of chargd d'afFiires,
$'2,439 02" th*1 words "for outfit of charg6 d'affaires to
Austria,$4,r>W0."
Fifth amendment;
In the following clause—
"• For the employment of workmen, materials, and other
expenses nece^ary to put the Hianeh Mint at Sail Fran-
cn-co. California, m operation, §40,000"—
Add the.be words :
"To purchase a site for a c«stom-hou«e at Providence,
Rhode Island, $40,000: Provideds That the entire cost of
(.aid situ an«l building thereon shall not, in any event, ex-
ceed the. sum ot {§74,UuO.
11 To complete the public building? m New Mexico
$;>o5uoo."
Sixth amendment:
Insert " For the completion of the custom-house at Cin-
cinnati, §40,1(00."
Mr. LliTCIIER. I ask for a separate vote on
that amendment.
Seventh amendment:
Insert " For the completion of the custom-house at Loii-
liviile, Kentucky,
Pending the reading of the last amendment,
Mr. PRESTON said, I rise to a question of or-
der. Is it the will of any member of the House
to demand a separate vote upon each amendment
relating to custom-houses ?
The SPEAKER. i>y the unanimous consent
of the House it was ordered, that the amendments
should be read as a whole, and any gentleman de-
siring a separate vote upon any one proposition
should signify the fact—the object being to have a
vote taken at once upon all those to which no ob-
jection may be made.
Mr. PRESTON. The question I ask is
whether it is competent for any gentleman to de-
mand a separate vote upon each case?
Ihe SPEAKER. It is competent for any
gentleman to demand a separate vote upon any of
the amendments which have not been read.
Mr. DRUM*. I demand a separate vote upon
each case.
The Clerk then proceeded to finish the reading
of the amendments. *
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
agreeing to the amendments to which no objec-
tion has been made.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ments not objected to were agreed to.
| The SPEAKER. The question will be on the
j adoption ot the following amendment:
! "For continuing and completing the custom-house at
[ Cincinnati, Ohio,#40,000."
Mr. ORR demanded the yeas and nays.
| The yeas and nays were ordered; and the ques-
tion being 'taken, was decided in the affirmative—
1 yeas 84, nays (jo; as follows:
j YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Benson, Benton, Bissell, Bliss,
! Breckinridge, Buys:, Campbell,Caruther , Chandler. Chirk,
I Cook, Coivvm, Cox. Ciocker, John G. Davis, De Wilt,
: Dickinson. Disney, Dunbar. Eastman, Edmands, Ellison,
! English, Everhart, Farley, Fiitglei, Floience, Fuller. Gid-
ditijrs?, Green, Greenwood, Aaron Harlan, Harrison, Hen-
1 dricks, Hetin, Hie>ter, Hill, Hunt. Johnson, Kerr, Knox,
Lane, Latham, LiwUley, Macdonald, Mace, Macy, Maite-
1 son, Middlt s-warth, John G Miller, Moig.in, Noiton, Mor-
; decai Oliver, Pennington, Phillip*, Preston, Prin«le, Pur-
year, Richardson, Riddle, David-Ritchie,Thomas Ritcney,
, Russell, fc*app, Shannon. Simmons, Getrit Smith, \\ ihiam
i 11. Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Hes-
: lor L. Stevens, Andrew Stuart, John L Taylor, Tbuiston,
I Tracy, Upham, Vail, Vansant, Wade, GHihu B. Wash-
! buine, Israel Washburn, Wells, nod-ZolUcofFer—84.
i NAYS—Messrs James C. Allen, Willis Allen, A*he,
j Barksd.de, Bai ry, Bocock, Carpenter, Chaplain, Chrisman,
! Clmgumn, Cobb, Colquitt, Curtis, Dawson, Dent, Dow-
I dell, Drum, Dunham, Fen ton, Franklin, Good*', Grow,
! Hamilton, Sampson W. Nauis, Wiley P. Harris, HaMiugs,
j Haven, (Iihhaid, Hillyer, Houston, Daniel T. Jones*, George
' W. Jones. Roland Jones, Kittiedge, Kurtz, Lamb, Letcher,
j Lilly, McNair. McQueen, Millson^Iornson, Murray, An-
1 drew Oliver, Oir, Peckham, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins,
; Pratt, Ready, Rt-ese, Kobbms, Rutfin, Sage, Seymour,
i Shaw, Samuel A. Smith, George W. Smyth, Stratum,
'Piout, Walker, Walsh, Wheeler, Witte, and liendnck B,
; Wnyht—05.
So the amendment was concurred in by the
: House.
Mr. PRESTON. I move to reconsider the vote
; last taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion was
agreed to.
Thequestion beingon thefollowingamendment:
" For completing the custom-house at Louisville, Ken-
tucky, $40,000''—
Mr. HAMILTON demanded theyeasand nays;
which were ordered.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickens, its Secretary, informing the
House of the passage by that body of bifls of the
following titles:
Senate bill (No. 84) " making a grant of land to
i the State of Michigan, to aid in the construction
I of the Oakland and Ottawa railroad, from the
j Grand Rapids to the Straits of Mackinaw, and a
! railroad from Pontine, via Pierre Marquette river,
j Mamtowocand Ontonagon river,to KewanaPomt,
' with a branch to the vicmuy of Camp river, upon
j Lake Superior."
Senate bill (No. 7) " making a grant of land to
■ the State of Louisiana, to aid in the construction
i of a certain railroad in said State."]
; The question being taken on the seventh amend-
i ment, it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 81,
' nays 77; os follows:
YEAS—Messrs Hall, Benson, B«;nton, BIHs, Breckin-
ridge, P.ugg. Campbell. CarutheiCaskie, Chandler, Cnase,
Claik, Cook, Corwin, Cox, Ciocker, Thomas Davis, De
Witt. Dickinson, Disney, Dunbai, Eastman, Edmund-. Eih-
. son, Kveihait, Parley. Fl.tglei, Flomice, Fuller, G'ddmgs,
Green, Greenwood, Aaion Harlan, Harrison, Henn, Hies-
ter, Hill, Hunt, Johnson, Kerr, Knox, Jjatham, Lind^ley,
Macdonald, Mace, Macy, Maxwell. Meacham, Middb-s-
wai th, John G. MtUcr, Smith Miller. Norton, Mordecai Oli-
ver, Pennington, Phillips, Preston, Pringle, Puryear, Rich-
i ardson, Riddle, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritchey, Rogers,
Russell, Sapp, Shannon, Simmon's, Gernt Smith, William
Jt i*anih, Fiedenck P. Stanton, ftichard H. Stanton, Hes-
tor L. Stevens, John L. Taylor, Thurston,Tracv, Upham,
Wade, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,\Vetts>, and
Zuliieoffer—81,
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Thomas
H. BayJy, Bnrksdnle, Barry, Belcher, Bis<e?l, Carpenter,
< 'hngman, Cobb. Craige, Cum*, John G. Davn, Dawson,
Dent, Dowdell, Drum, Dunham, Eddy, Edjjeiton, Faulk-
ner, Fenton, Fianklin, Goode, Grow, Hamilton, ►Sampson
W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, HaMings, Haven, Hendricks,
Hibbard, Hiilyer, Houston, Hughes, D>imel T. Jones*,
George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Kutredge, Kurtz, Lamb?
Lane, Letcher, Lillv, McCulloch, McMullin, McNair,
MHWieen, Millson, Monison, Murray, Nichols, Andrew
Oliver, Orr, Peckham, John Perkins, "Ready, Reese, Rob-
bms, Ruffin, Sabin, Shaw, Skelton, Samuel A. Smith,
