1104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5.
principles of equity and justice; that is, at the rate
which v/ould have been allowed had the amount
been subscribed under the funding system.
Mr. STUART. I should like to hear the report
read.
The PRESIDENT. There is no report ac-
companying the bill.
Mr. STUART. Then I object to its consider-
ation.
BENEDICT J. HEARD.
■ The next was the bill, reported from the Com-
mittee on Claims, for the relief of Benedict J.
Heard; which was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. BADGER objected, and the bill was passed
over.
UTICA STEAM WOOLEN COMPANY.
The next was the bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives, reported from the Committee on
Claims, for the relief of the Utica Steam Woolen
Company.
Mr. BADGER. Let that go over.
Mr. CHASE. I hope the Senator from North
Carolina will reconsider his objection. 1 do not
understand that he desires to debate the hill, but
that he objects as a sort of punishment for some
other objection.
Mr. BADGER. Let it go over.
The bill was passed over.
CAPTAIN VOORHEES.
The next was the bill, reported from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, for the relief of Captain
Philip P. Voorhees, United States Navy; which
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SLlDELL objected, and the bill was passed
over.
OTWAY H. BERRYMAN.
The next was the bill, reported from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, for the relief of Otway
H. Berryman; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to allow and pay Purser
Berryman $2,1(>0 02, being; the amount of losses
sustained by him while commanding and acting as
purser of the United States schooner On-ka-hy-e.
The grounds relied upon by Lieutenant Berry-
man are substantially those which induced Con-
fresa to grant relief to Lieutenant Charles G.
JLunter. Lieutenant Berryman assumed thecom-
mand of the United States schooner On-ka-hy-e
in October, 184G, under an order from the Navy
Department, dated the 20th October, J.84G,and he
immediately entered upon special duty, and per-
formed active and arduous service in the Gulf of
Mexico, to Brazil and Chngres, during twenty-
two months, which was terminated by the total
ehipwrerk of the vessel on a sunken reef, tn July,
1848. With his command lie was ordered to per-
form the duties of purser to the vessel, and these
duties he performed throughout the whole period
of his command.
No adjustment of his accounts took place until
his return to the United States, when it was found
that he had actually expended as purser more
money by $2,325 than he could produce the le-
quisite voucheis for. This sum he paid to the
Cyovemment, and his accounts were balanced ac-
cordingly.
He alleges that he has diligently and faithfully
kept and disbursed the means intrusted to him as
purser, to pay the lawful liabilities of the Govern-
ment, and that the omission to take and return
the proper vouchers for all his expenditures was
alone the result of ins ignorance of, and his want
of practice in, the duties of purser.
The bill was objected to, and was passed over.
SURVEYING BRIG DOLPHIN.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will ask the
Unanimous consent of the Senate to present a
communication from the Navy Department.
Mr. GWIN. That is a very important docu-
ment, and i move the printing of two thousand
extra copies.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot enter-
tain the motion unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. BROWN. What is the paper ?
The PRESIDENT. It is a communication
from the Navy Department, in compliance with a
call of the Senate of the 5th instant, transmitting
the report and charts of the cruise of the United
States surveying brig Dolphin, Lieutenant S. P.
Lee, commanding.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the communication
be printed for the use of the Senate. I move also,
that two thousand extra copies be printed.
The PRESIDENT, if there be no objection,
! the motion to print will be entertained.
The motion was agreed to; and the motion to
print two thousand extra copies was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
RICHARD W. MEADE.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill on the Cal-
endar, is 44 for settling the claim of the legal rep-
resentatives of Richard W. Meade, deceased,"
which will be read.
Mr. CHASE, it is unnecessary to take up the
time with reading the bill; it is objected to.
The PRESIDENT. It will be passed over.
JOHN S. WILSON.
The bill reported from the Committee on Private
Land Claims,for the relief of John S. Wilson,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Teasur y to pay to John S. Wilson, $800, with
irterest, at the rate of six per centum per annum,
from the 17th of May, 1822, in full compensation
to him for damages sustained by being evicted of
hia title, derived by patent from the United States,
to certain lands mentioned, in the State of Mis-
souri, by the decree of the Supreme Court of the
United States, in favor of the devisees of Auguste
: Choteau, at the January term, 1835.
i Noel Burke, alias Pierre Cadier, was in July,
| 1815, possessed of six hundred and forty acres
| of land, lying on the waters of the St. Francis
i river, in the county of New Madrid, and Terri-
tory, of Missouri, which had been injured by
earthquakes. Under the " Act for the relief of
the inhabitants of the late county of New Madrid,
in the Missouri Territory, who suffered from
earthquakes," approved February 17, 1815, a
certificate of location No. 89 was issued by the
recorder of land titles to Buike, authorizing him
or his legal representatives to locate six hundred
and forty acres on any of the public lands in
the Territory, the sale of which was authorized
by law. Burke transferred the certificate to Fran-
cois Lesieur, and Lesieur transferred it to M. P.
Leduc, and Leduc conveyed all his right, title,
and interest, to John S. Wilson, who located the
certificate as the le^al representative of Burke, on
the 37th day of May, 1822, on the east half of
section twenty-two, and west half of section twen-
ty-three, in township fifty-two north, of range
one east, of the fifth principal meridian, in the
State of Missouri; and on the 5th day of Novem-
ber, 1824, a patent was issued in favor of Burke,
oi his let al representatives.
In January, 1835, the Supreme Court confirmed,
by their decree, one league square of land to the
devisees of Auguste Choteau, which league square
of land covered all but about seven acres of the
lands so located by Wilson. The claim of Cho-
teau rested upon the acts of Congress of the 3d
March, 1811, and 17th February, 1818, which
reserved those lands from sale, and also on the
eleventh section of the act of 26th May, 1824,
which authorized the claim to be presented to the
district court of Missouri for adjudication, whilst
the claim by Wilson rested upon the act of 17th
February, 1815.
It appears, therefore, that the location of Wil-
son was made upon lands reserved from sale by
law.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, arid passed.
ISAAC COOK AND OTHERS.
The bill for the relief of Isaac Cook and others,
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Isaac
Cook, B. A. Napier, and Pelatiah Shepherd, or
the legal representatives of such of them as may
he deceased, the sum of $200, in full, for the use
of the schooner Tempest, belonging to them,
and impressed by Major J. G. Camp, in Septem-
ber, 1814.
The petitioners were the owners of the schooner
Tempest, on Lake Erie, in 1814. She was pressed
into the service of the United States by Major
Camp, acting under the orders of General Brown,
to aid in transporting the army and military stores
from Buffalo to the Canada shore, and was de-
tained in the service for ten days, for which no
compensation has been paid.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
JOHN METCALF.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to the consideration of the bill for the
relief of John Metcalf.
It proposes to pay to John Metcalf $1,250, in
full compensation for a quantity of goods belong-
ing to him, which were lost or destroyed in con-
sequence of the impressment into the service of
the United States, by order of Geneial Brown, of
the schooner Tempest, at Buffalo, in the summer
of 1814.
During the campaign in the year 1814, the
schooner Tempest, at Buffalo, was impressed into
the service of the United States, to convey troops
from Buffalo to the Canada shore, and was re-
tained in the service ten or twelve days. At the
time of the impressment she had on board a quan-
tity of goods belonging to the petitioner, consist-
ing of gin, brandy, shoes, &c., which were un-
loaded and left upon the beach, in an unprotected
condition, during the time the schooner was in
the service of the United States; and while so left,
the liquors and a considerable portion of the other
goods were stolen or otherwise lost.
Mr. WADE. I understand that Mr. Metcalf
is dead. I therefore move to amend the bill by
inserting " the legal representatives of."
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
the amendment was concurred in, the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was
read a third time, and passed. Its title was
amended, so as to read: " A bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of John Metcalf."
JOHN HAMILTON.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The next bill on the Calendar is
House bill for the relief of John Hamilton.
Mr. STUART. There is an adverse report on
that bill from the Senate Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CHASE. I move that the adverse report
be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
So the bill was rejected.
PARMELIA SLAVIN.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next bill
on the Calendar is the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of Parmelia Slavin,
late the wife of John Blue, deceased, on which the
Committee on Pensions of the Senate have made
an adverse report.
Mr. CHASE. I move that the report be con-
curred in.
The motion was agreed to.
So the bill was rejected.
SUSAN COODY AND OTHERS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER announced that
the next bill on the Calendar was one for the relief
of Susan Coody and others, which had been
reported from the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CHASE objected to the consideration of
the bill, and it was passed over.
SYLVESTER PETTIBONE.
The bill for the relief of Sylvester Pettibone was
considered as in Committee of theWhole. It pro-
poses to release Mr. Pettibone from a judgment
in favor of the United States, obtained against
him in the district court of the United States for
the district of Wisconsin, and fiom all hens and
encumbrances created by the judgment, but the
costs of the suit are first to be paid by Pettibone,
together with the further 3um of $500 for the
benefit of the United States.
Mr. COOPER. What committee reported the
bill?
Mr. WALKER. 1 will state the case.
Mr. BADGER. Will my friend allow me to
say that when the bill was las't before the Senate,
I made a motion to amend it by striking out " and
the further sum of $500 for the benefit of the
United States "
Mr. WALKER. This is a case of which I
made a statement before.
Several Senators. There is no objection to
the bill.
Mr. BADGER. This man has paid what he
