THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, MAY 6, 1854.
New Series No. 70.
could raise by selling his property, and now you
ask him to pay $500 more. He became surety for
afeilow, who ran away; and he has done what he
could to pay the judgment. This is complete
blood money. Let him be discharged on paying
the costs. He has already paid what he can raise.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill as
amended was reported to the Senate, and the
amendment was concurred in.
Mr. WALKER. There is another peculiarity
in this matter, which renders it necessary to make
another slight amendment. I move to strike out
the words " a judgment, "and insert " two judg-
ments;" for, not satisfied with imposing an enor-
mous penalty on one bond, the United States sued
him on two, and obtained two judgments.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read a third time, and passed. 8
james edwards and others.
The bill for the relief of James Edwards and
others, reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of War to
ascertain, by the best evidence of which the nature
of the case will admit, the value of the houses and
other property of James Edwards, of the late
Edward M. Wanton, and of Nehemiah Brush,
destroyed at Micanopy, Florida, in the year 1836,
by order of Lieutenant Colonel B. K. Pierce, to
prevent them from falling into the hands of the
enemy, and thattheamount so ascertained be paid,
but with the provision that the amounts so to be
paid shall not exceed §2,482 32 in the case of Ed-
wards; $1,812 50 in the case of Wanton, or $800
in the case of Brush.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
david myerle'.s claim.
Mr. EVANS. The bill for the relief of David
Myerle was passed over at my instance. I am
disposed, however, to withdraw the objection pro-
vided the bill be put on the footing which it
formerly occupied, when it passed the Senate at
previous sessions. I learn that Mr. King and
many others, who understood the transaction,
agreed to give Mr. Myerle $10,000 instead of the
sum claimed. If his friends are willing to take
that amount, I am ready to withdraw my objec-
tion. 1 read this man's communications, and they
did not satisfy me at all that he was entitled to
anything; but still I am willing to waive the ob-
jection in order to allow the bill to pass, as it
formerly passed the Senate, giving him $10,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator move to take up the bill>
Mr. EVANS. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to strike out" $30,000,"and
insert   $10,000."
Mr. BADGER. If that motion is to be per-
severed in, as it cannot be discussed 
Mr. GWIN. We can vote down the motion.
Mr. BADGER. The motion proceeds on a
great mistake. If he is entitled to anything, he is
entitled to $30,000.
Mr. EVANS. I did not withdraw my objec-
tion, except on that condition.
Mr. BADGER. What condition ?
Mr. EVANS. The condition that the amount
should be reduced to what was formerly proposed
to be granted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
objects to the consideration of the bill.
Mr. WELLER. I do not so understand the
Senator from South Carolina. He desires action
on the bill. This is a claim which has been pend-
ing for a long time before Congress, and, in my
judgment, it is as just and equitable a one as we
were ever called upon to pass. I hope the Senate
will dispose of the bill now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Discussion is
70
not in order. If objection be made, as a matter of
course, the bill must be passed over.
Mr. E^CANS. I object.
william harris.
The bill for the relief of William Harris, of
Georgia, reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to settle the claim of William
Harris, and pay him for his services m the United
States Army in the same manner as if he had not
deserted therefrom; but with the provision that the
amount shall not exceed the pay and emoluments
of a sergeant of infantry, from the 8th of April,
1814, tothe25th of November, 1816,
Mr. STUART. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the words:
" In the same manner as if he had not deserted there-
from."
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to that bill. I wish
to obtain information in regard to it, after the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. STUART. The claimant is represented
as a boy who enlisted improperly.
Mr. DAWSON. I hope the objection will be
withdrawn.
Mr. STUART, I do not object, but I desire
that it shall not appear that we are paying desert-
ers; that is all.
Mr. TOOMBS. My colleague has explained
to me the bill, and I withdraw my objection.
Mr. Stuart's amendment was agreed to, and
the bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
From the report of the Committee on Military
Affairs, it appears that in the spring of 1814, in
the eighteenth year of his age, Harris enlisted
under Lieutenant Martin, in the eighth regiment
of United States infantry, then commanded by
Colonel Jack; whereupon he was appointed ser-
geant, and served in that regiment as recruiting
officer until the declaration of peace in 1815, when
he demanded his discharge, which was refused
him on the ground " that he was too useful a
man to be spared." In 1815 he was transferred
to the seventh regiment United States infantry, to
Captain E. Montgomery's company, under the
command of Colonel James McDonald. He then
applied to Colonel McDonald for his discharge,
asserting his title thereto because he was a minor,
but Colonel McDonald refused to discharge him
because he " could notbe spared." Subsequently,
the company being ordered to Fort Montgomery,
he accompanied it, and served there as sergeant
for nearly two years. At Fort Montgomei y he
again petitioned for his dischaige, his anxiety to
leave the army becoming greater the longer he
remained in it, and his applications for discharge,
to which he was justly entitled, being all disre-
garded, he deserted, he thinks in 1817, and now
asks pay for his services while he was in the
army.
On the 18th September, 1819, he was arrested
in Franklin county, Georgia, and being brought
before the court under a writ of habeas corjms, he
was discharged from his confinement and from
enlistment on account of non-age.
The petitioner declares that he did not desert his
country in the hour of danger, while her peace,
safety, or honor were threatened, but at a period
of profound peace, and that he would not have
deserted at all, but he was anxious to return to his
home to aid in supporting a poor widowed mother,
who at the time resided m Elbert county, Georgia.
The amendment was concurred in, and the bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, j
read a third time, and passed.
WILLIAM A,. SLACUM.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
considered the bill for the relief of the personal
representative of William A. Slacum.
Its object is to authorize the accounting officers
to settle and adjust the account of the late W. A.
Slacum, and to pay to his personal representative,
in addition to what Mr. Slacum received in his
lifetime, his charges for expenses incurred in vis-
iting the Columbia river, in pursuance of the
directions of the Secretary of State, in 1836 and
1837. The amount allowed is not to exceed
$712 90. There is also to be paid to his repre-
sentative, as compensation for the services ren-
dered to the United States by Mr. Slacum on that
mission, at the rate of six dollars per diem, com-
mencing June 1, 1836, and continuing to March
15, 1837; but the amount of pay received by Mr.
Slacum as a purser in the Navy during the period
of time mentioned, is to be deducted from the per
diem allowance.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
francisco lope urriza.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill for
the relief of Francisco Lope Urriza.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 think this bill ought to be
discussed. Its principles are very important. If
I understand it, it proposes to set aside the de-
cision of a court of admiralty—
The PRESIDING OFFICER., The bill wili
be passed over.
Mr. WELLER. I hope not. It has been laid
aside once at the request of a Senator who knew
nothing about it, and I hope it will be considered
now. I do not think it presents any complicated
questions at all. I had the honor of submitting
the report, accompanying the bill, from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Any discus-
sion, as a matter of course, is out of order. The
bill being objected to, must go over.
CAPTAIN I,. C. EASTON.
The bill reported from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, for the relief of Captain Langdon C.
j Easton, assistant quartermaster of the United
States Army, was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It authorizes the proper accounting officers of
the War Department to credit Captain Langdon
C. Easton, assistant quartermaster United States
Army, on settlement of his accounts, with the
sum of $17,650, being the amount of which he
was defrauded by his late clerk, Gustavus McHar-
court, while stationed at Santa Fe, New Mexico.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
paymasters' clerks.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next bill
on the Calendar is one for the relief of paymas-
ters' clerks who served in Mexico, which was in-
troduced by the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Jones,]
and has been reported by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs adversely.
The question is on indefinitely postponing the
further consideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
the general armstrong.
The PRESIDING OFFICER announced that
the next bill on the Calendar was one for the relief
of the claimants of the private armed brig General
Armstrong.
Mr. PEARCE objected to the consideration of
the bill, and it was passed over,
thomas frazer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill from
the House of Representatives, for the relief of
Thomas Frazer, is the next upon the Calendar.
Mr. STUART. That is reported upon ad-
versely by the Committee on Pensions of the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on indefinitely postponing the consideration of
the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
ann Vf. angus.
The bill for the relief of Mrs. Ann W. Angus
was announced as the next upon the Calendar.
It proposes to continue to Mrs. Angus, for five
years, from March 4, 1854, the pension hereto-
fore granted to her, which expired on the 4th of
