1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m$
Ball, Barksdale, Barry, Belcher, Bennett, Benson, Bissell,
Boyce, Brooks, Bugg, Campbell, Caruthers, Chase, Chas-
tain,tJhrisman;Chngman, Colquitt, Cox, Crocker, Cullom,
Curtis, Culling, JohnX!. Davit!, Thomas Davis, Dawson,
Dent, Dickinson, DowdHI, Drum, Dunbar, Dunham, East-
man, Eddv, Edgerton, Edmand*, Everhart, Ewmg, Farley,
Franklin. Fuller, Giddmgs. Gooducn, Grey, Hamilton. An-
drew J Harlan, Wiley P. Harris, Hastings, Haven, Hon-
dricks.Hjester, IIilIyer, Hughes, Ingersoll, DanielT. Jones,
Keri, Kmiedge, Knox. Kurtz, Lamb, Latham, Letcher,
Lilly, McCulloch, McVluIlm, McNair, Mace, Macy, May,
Mtddlesvvaith, Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Norton, Olds,
Andrew Oliver. Orr, Peckham, Pennington, Bishop Per-
kins, John Perkins, Phelps, Pringle, Puryear, Ready, Ro-
gers, Ruffin, Sabm, Sage, Sapp. Seymour, Suftmons, Skel-
ton, Gerrit Smith, William Smith, George W. Smvth,
Snodgrass, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Stratton, Andrew Stuart, John L. Taylor, Thurston, Tracv,
Trout, Vail, Wade, Walsh, Wheeler, Witte, and Zollicof-
fer—114.
So the motion for a call of the House was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. NICHOLS moved that the House do now
adjourn.
Tne question was put, and it was decided in the
negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on Mr. Clingman's
motion to lay upon the table the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the deficiency bill was re-
jected; and being put, there were—yeas 89, nays
88; as follows:
YEA?5—Messrs. Aiken, James C Allen,Ashe,Thomas H.
Bayly, Hall, Belcher, Bennett, Bovoe, Brooks Busg.Camp-
bell, Cdipenter, Ch«*f.e, Cliast.iui, Chngman, Cobh,Colquitt,
Corwnr, Cox, Cranio, Cnllom, Cm Ms, John G. Davis, Daw-
son, Dent, Dowdell, Dium, Dunham, Eastman, Edgerton,
Ewmg, Fianklin,Giddings,Grev, Hamilton, Halting-:, Hill-
yer, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Kem, K>ir, Kit-
tredge. Knox, Kurtz, Lamb, Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch,
McMullui, McQueen, Matte^oti, Maxwell, Meacham, VI or-
gan, Mornt-on, Murr.iy, NichoU, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Orr, Pt-ekham, Pennington, Bi-hop fVrkins; John Peikins,
Pratt, Pririgle, Ready, Rogers, Ruffin, Russell, Sabm, Sage,
Sapp, Seymour, Shaw, Skelton, William Smith, George
W. Smvili, Snodgrass, Suatton, Andrew Stuart, Tiacy,
Trout, Vail, Walsh, ElhhuB. Washburne, Wheeler, Wiue,
and Zollicoffer.—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Appleton, Banks, Barksdale, Barry,
Benson, Bissell, Blis-s, Caruthers, Ca^kie, Oharnbeilam,
Chandler, Chnsmari, Clark, Crocker, Cutting. Thomas Da-
vis, Dickinson, Disney, Dunbar, Edmands, Ellison, Eng-
lish, Everhait, Farley, Faulkner, Florence, Fuller. Goode,
Goodrich. Green, Greenwood, Grow, Aaron Harlan, An-
drew J. Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Hani-son, Haven,
Hendricks, Henn, Hihbard, Hiester, Hill, Ilotu-iou, Hughes,
Hunt, Ingersoll, Johnson, Roland Jones, Kidwell, Lane,
Latham, Lindlev, LimMey, Mace, Macy, Mav, Middle
svvarth, John G. Miller, Smith Miller. Mtllson. Noble, Olds,
Mordecai Oliver, Phelps,Phillips, Preston, Puryear, Riddle,
David Ritchie. Thomas Ritchev, Robbins, Shannon, Sim
moti>, Gerrit Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stan-
ton, Hesior L. Stevens, John L Taylor,Thurston, Tvvtrd,
Upliam, V.insant, Wade, Walker, Israel Washburn, Wells,
Daniel B. Wright, and Heridiick B. Wright—88.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
affirmative.
So the motion to reconsider lies upon the table.
This announcement was received with loud
applause.
Mr. CLINGMAN then moved that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at half past three o'clock) the
House adjourned until to-morrow.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 10, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The Hon. Jackson Morton, of Florida, ap-
peared in his seat this morning.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT. This being private bill
day, I ask^the unanimous consent of the Senate to
present a report from the Postmaster General, in
answer to a resolution of the Senate in reference
to the steps taken m carrying out the provisions
of the post route bill of August 3], 1852.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. That com-
munication is in response to a resolution which I
offered some days since. Not knowing; whether
it will require any reference to a committee, I move
for the present that it lie on the table, and be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE BILL DAY.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Are petitions in order?
The PRESIDENT. Petitions are not in order.
Nothing is in order but the consideration of pri-
vate bills on the Calendar.
Mr. PETTiT. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to report back from the Committee
on Private Land Claims some bills which have
passed the House, and which have been referred
to that committee.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the report will be received.
There was.no objection.
LAND CLAIMS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. PETTIT. The Committee on Private
Land Cl^mSj to which was referred the bill from
the House supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to ascertain and settle the private land claims
in the State of California," approved March 3,
1851, have had the same under consideration, and
have directed me to report it back, and recommend
its passage. It is so clear a case that I ask that
the bill may now be considered and passed.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
as in Committee of the Whole to consider the bill.
It proposes to allow certain parties who are
named, or their representatives, to present their
claims to the commissioners appointed under the
act of March 3, 1851, within six months after the
passage of the supplementary act, and to empower
the commissioners to hear and dispose of them, as
though the claims had been presented in due time.
It also proposes to limit the persons named in their
claim to purchases made of Don Salvador Vellejo,
a Mexican grantee, for a tract situated in Nappa
county, California.
Mr. PETTIT. It will be seen that this bill
simply extends the time within which the parties
named may present their application.
Mr. WELLER. I hope this bill will be passed
by the Senate immediately. The necessity for it
has been produced in consequence of the fact that
the attorney who was originally employed to
present these claims to the land commissioners
was stricken down with the small-pox, and per-
sons were prevented from going to see him. During
his sickness, the time limited by law for filing the
claims expired, and theobiectof this btlhssimply
to allow persons, who were deprived by this acci-
dent of the opportunity of presenting their claims
m time, an opportunity of doing so now.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
HERCULES L. DOUSMAN.
Mr. PETTIT. The Committee on Private Land
Claims, to whom was referred House bill to con-
firm to Hercules L. Dousman hts title to farm lot
32, adjoining the town of Prairie du Chien, in the
State of Wisconsin, have directed me to report it
back without amendment, and recommend its pas-
sage, and to ask for Us present consideration.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill. It proposes to con-
firm the title and direct a patent to issue for it,
with the proviso, however, that it shall only be a
relinquishment to all claim on the part of the United
States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, and
was read a third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PETTIT asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a biil au-
thorizing a patent to be issued to^Peter Poncin for
certain lands therein named; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom were referred a memorial and res-
olution on the subject, reported a bill constituting
San Pedro, m California, a port of entry and de-
livery; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
C. A. WICKLIFFE.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, to which was
referred the bill for the benefit of the heir-at-law
of Lieutenant C. A. Wickhffe, reported it back,
by unanimous consent, without amendment, and
recommended its passage, and asked forits imme-
diate consideration.
The Senate accordingly, as in Committee of the
Whole, proceeded to consider the bill. It proposes
to direct the Secretary of the Interior^to issue to
C. A. Wickhffe a land warrant for one hundred
and sixty acres of land, in satisfaction of the claim
of Lieutenant C. A. WickiifFe, deceased, forbotmty
land, under the actof Congress "grantingbounty-
land to certain officers and soldiers who have beeff
engaged m the military service of the United
States," approved September 28, 1850. &
C. A. Wickhffe, jr., joined General William
0. Butler's staff in 1847, and proceeded with his
division to the city of Mexico. He remained
upon the staff until he was appointed Lieutenant in
Captain Thomas Mayfield's company of the
fourth regiment of Kentucky volunteers. He
served as lieutenant until he was honorably dis-
charged at Louisville, on the 25th of July', 1848,
by reason of the expiration of his term of ser-
vice. On the 15th November, 1850, he filed his
claim in the Pension Office for bounty land, under
the act of September 28, 1850. Pending his ap-
plication he departed this life, leaving his father,
C. A. Wickhffe, his only heir-at-law.
Upon the application of the heir-at-law, the
Commissioner of Pensions decided that as Lieu-
tenant Wickhffe died, leaving no widow or minor
children, a bounty land warrant could not be issued.
From that*decision an appeal was taken to the
Secretary of'the interior, who, while he affirmed
the decision, acknowledged the justice of the claim.
Inasmuch as the Secretary acknowledged the
justice of the claim, and as the warrant would
have been issued by the Commissioner to Lieu-
tenant Wickhffe before his decease, had notapress
of business in the office prevented it, the commit-
tee were of opinion that the warrant should issue
to the heir-at-law.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read a third time, and passed
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SMITH presented the petition of Samuel
Colt, of Hartford, Connecticut, praying an exten-
sion of his patent for improvements in fire-arms;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. EVERETT presented a petition signed by
citizens of Massachusetts, remonstrating against
the passage of the law giving further protection to
patentees; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by the hands of Mr. Sidney
Webster, his Private Secretary:
Mr. President' I am directed by the President of the
United Mates to deliver to the Senate several messages m
writing.
I am al«u> directed to inform the Senate thatthePresident
ha«s thi>> day approved and signed,
A joint lesolution authorizing an increase of the force in
the office of the Superintendent of the Public Printings
and
An act to regulate the disbursement of the contingent
fund of the Senate, and for other puiposes.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing the passage by that body of the following bills;
A bill for the relief of Harriet Leaven worth,
widow of the late Brevet Brigadier General Leav-
enworth;
A bill for the relief William B. Edwards ; and
A bill for the relief of Anthony G. Willis,
deceased.
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, it is known
to the Senate that the Senator from Connecticut
did not yesterday finish his speech on the territo-
rial question; and as he is ready now to proceed
and anxious to finish it, I hope the unanimous
consent of the Senate will be given to allow him
to proceed now.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I thought the understand-
ing was, when we adjourned yesterday, that we
would meet to-day for the purpose of considering
private bills under the rule, and that the honora-
bie Senator from Connecticut was to procced to-
morrow with his speech. Why not say to-mor-
row? I think it would be more agreeable to him
to deliver the remainder of his speech to-morrow.
I feel bound, as chairman of the Committee of
Claims, to insist upon the rule being observed.
The PRESIDENT. It requires theunanimous
consent to permit the Senator from Connecticut
to proceed now.
Mr. BRODHEAD. But, still, if it is the unan-
imous wish of the Senate that the Nebraska biil
