1106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
March last, and also to extend to her the benefits
of all laws which may hereafter he passed, making
general provision for widows or further continuing
their half pay, and to give her all the benefits to
which she would have been entitled if her hus-
band, Samuel Angus, had died in the service of
the United States.
Mr. MALLORY objected to the consideration
of the bill, but he subsequently said: I ask leave
to withdraw the objection which I made a short
time ago to the consideration of the bill for the
relief of Mrs. Ann W. Angus, and I ask that that
bill may be taken up.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to the gentleman's
withdrawing his objection.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator cannot do that.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am not satisfied myself as to
some of the principles involved in this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Georgia may object himself to the consider-
ation of the bill, but he cannot object to the Sen-
ator from Florida withdrawing his objection.
Mr. TOOMBS. Can a gentleman withdraw his
objection to a bill at any time during the sitting?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such has been
the practice of the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. After another bill has been
called?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then I renew the objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The'bill will
be passed over.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senate will indulge
me for a moment in order to allow me to present
a map, which has been prepared with a great deal
of care and attention, under the direction of the
select committee on the subject of the construc-
tion of a national railroad from the valley of the
Mississippi to the Pacific ocean. I move its ref-
erence to the Committee on Printing, and I ask
that two thousand extra copies be printed for the
use of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to print will be referred to the Committee on
Printing, if there be no objection.
There was no objection.
AMOS AND J. E. KENDALL,
The bill, reported from the Committee on In-
dian Allan's, for the relief of Amos and John E.
Kendall, was announced as the next in order.
Mr. BADGER. That bill will certainly be
discussed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over.
GEORGE S. CLAFLIN.
The House bill for the relief of George S. Claf-
lin was next taken up.
It proposed to enact that the name of George
S. Clalhn be placed upon the pension rolls of the
United States at the rate of eight dollars per month,
to continue during his natural life, commencing
on the 1st of December, 1851.
It is alleged in the petition that Clafiin served
in the late war with Great Britain, as a sergeant
of militia; that he was taken prisoner in 1814,and
continued in captivity, at Q.uebec, Montreal, and
Halifax, until 1815, or about eight months, when
he was discharged; that in consequence of his
intolerable treatment, insufficient and unwhole-
some food, his constitution was destroyed; that
both his feet were frozen through exposure, and
that since his release he'has been constantly in
such feeble health as to be unable to earn a .sup-
port. On this statement, a bill passed the House
of Representatives for his relief, on the 3d of Jan-
uary, 1851, but was lost in the Senate. Now,
again, a bill has passed the House for his relief;
but the evidence is deemed wholly insufficient to
justify the special interference of Congress in the
case. Except the affidavit of the petitioner him-
self, there is no evidence of the exposure m the
public service, or that he contracted any disease
while serving in the Army of the United States.
Indeed, the only evidence, besides his own affi-
davit, that he ever was in the service of the United
States at all, is the testimony of Amos Dawley,
•who merely says he knew him before the war,
and " after his return from service in the United
States Army, at the close of the war."
The Senate Committee on Pensions reported
adversely on the case.
Mr. CLAY. I move that the adverse reportbe
concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the indefinite postponement of the bill.
The question being taken; the motion was agreed
to.
RULIF VAN BRUNT.
The bill for the relief of Rulif Van Brunt, re-
ported from the Committee on Claims, was read
a second time, and considered as in Cofnmittee of
the Whole.
The bill proposes to direct the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury to audit and adjust,
upon the principles of justice and equity, the claim
of Ruhf Van Brunt, for the occupancy, by a mil-
itary force of the United States, of certain lands
and buildings, leased by him in Brooklyn, New
York, and for propeity belonging to him, and
taken and used or destroyed by those troops
during their occupancy, in 1814, and to pay the
amount so found due, not exceeding $750.
Van Biunt leased the premises, for the occupa-
tion of which he ciaims compensation of IVTr.
Jackson, from 1st April, 1814, to 1st April, 1815,
and had it in a state of cultivation, with valuable
crops growing thereon, when it was taken pos-
session of by the twenty-second brigade of New
York infantry, then in the service of the United
States, and ordered for the defense of New York.
Genetal Johnson, then in command, certifies that
on the 2d September, 1814, his brigade was en-
camped at Fort Green, King's county, New York,
on land owned by John Jackson, which, with a
house and barn, was rented to Ruhf Van Brunt;
that all the fence was removed, and produce of
the labor of Van Brunt, before the 2d September,
was destroyed; that the dwelling house was in
possession of Turney, and the barn was occupied
as a guard-house, by his order, with the consent
of Jackson. Samuel Dorsey deposes that he was
a resident of Brooklyn at the time, and was con-
versant with the circumstances of Van Brunt
being the leasee of the place, of its occupancy by
the troops, and that Van Brunt was compelled
wholly to abandon the farm, and procure a house
for his family, &c., elsewhere.
The damages and loss incurred by Van Brunt
in consequence of this occupation, are estimated,
under oath and from peisomil knowledge, at from
#900 to $1,010.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
HORACE SOUTHMAYD AND SON.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill for the relief
of Horace Southmayd & Son.
It proposes to require the Secretary of theTreas-
ury to refund to Horace Southmayd & Son, upon
the shipment of foreign dutiable goods, shipped
by them from New York to Tampico, in the
i schooner Mary Catharine, which cleared at New
I York on the 7th of April, 1847, the amount of
I drawback to which they would have been entitled
} if those goods had been shipped to some foreign
1 port or place in any country with which the
i United States were in amity.
The memorialists, m April, 1847, shipped from
! New York to Tampico, then in possession of the
! American forces, by the schooner Mary Catha-
! rme, a cargo of goods, among which were wines
i and silks. The vessel cleared at New York on
j the 7th of April, 1847, when the circular instruc-
| tions of the Treasury Department of the 30th
. June and 8th December, 1846, were in force. By
these instructions American vessels carrying only
! articles the growth, produce, or manufacture of
i the United States, or imports from foreign coun-
; tries to ourown, upon which duties had been fully
paid, were authorized to enter the port of Tam-
! pico without the charge of any duties; and draw-
j back on foreign imports into the United States
, exported to Tampico, m our vessels, was forbid-
; den to be allowed. Under these regulations the
j schooner cleared. On the 9th Apiil, 1847, another
1 Treasury circular was received by the collector of
| New York, bearing date the 7th April, by which
goods imported into the ports of Mexico, in pns-
t session of the American forces, were chargeable
with duties as military contributions. The vessel
reached Tampico two days after the receipt of
these last instructions, and the memorialists were
compelled to pay duties, which they did under
protest. The amount of the duties thus paid was
$2,190 47, and the return of this amount is claimed
upon the ground that there was a want of notice
at the time of the shipment of the goods at New
York that they would be subject to duty on entry
at Tampico.
The Treasury Department, very properly, re-
plied to this, that it was a privilege allowed our
citizens to carry on trade of any kind with ports
or places in Mexico during the war, and not a
right; and that it was to be enjoyed subject to all
the contingencies likely to arise m the couise of the
war, restricting or varying such privilege. They
could not, therefore, complain of the operation of
the new Treasury instructions, which, m thejudg-
ment of the President, were rendered necessary
for the more effectual prosecution of the war.
Inasmuch, however, as duties have been twice
paid, in this case, upon those portions of the ship-
ment which consisted of foreign dutiable goods
originally imported into New York, which paid
duties both there and at Tampico, and on which
no drawback wasiepaidon their exportation from
New York, it seems to be equitable and proper
that the import duties on such foreign articles
paid^it New Yorkshould berefunded m the nature
of drawback.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read a third time,
and passed.
THOMAS D. ANDERSON.
The bill for the relief of the representatives of
Thomas D. Anderson, deceased, late consul of
the United States at Tripoli, reported from the
Committee on Foreign Relations, was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to Kettle an account with the
proper personal representatives of Thomas D. An-
derson, for contingent expenditures of the consu-
late at Tripoli, from December 31, 1821, up to
the period when he ceased acting as consul; and
m full for all claims for such expenditures and
other demands arising out of the consulate after
the 31st of December, 1823, to allow them at the
rate of $750 per annum during that period.
T. D. Anderson, whilst in the discharge of his
duties as consul, contracted a disease in the eyes,
by which he was deprived of vision, and in con-
sequence thereof was unable to procure and pre-
serve the vouchers for the contingent expenditures
of his consulate, during the last five or six years
that he remained in office; and from the want of
the usual and proper vouchers, no credit was given
him for such expenditures by the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury, from the 3!st Decem-
ber, in the year 1821, to the 27th August, 1827.
A claim was preferred at the Treasury, by the
representatives of Mr. Anderson, for an average
allowance, on account of such expenditures during
the period referred to; but they were advised that
they must have recourse to Congress for the
allowance of that part of the contingent account
unsupported by vouchers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
CAPTAIN WILLIAM DAVIS.
House bill "for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Cantain William Davis, late com-
mander of the United States transport schooner
Eufala,was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to direct $360 to be paid to Captain
Davis in full compensation for all chums against
the United States for his services as commander
of the Eufala.
Captain Davis was employed during the late war
as captain of the United States transport schooner
Eufala, at a compensation of £>360 per month;
in that capacity he sailed from New Orleans for
Philadelphia, on the 25th September, 1848, and
has not since been heard from. It is presumed
that the vessel, and all on board, were lost during
the severe October gales of that year. Payment
for his services was made up to the time of sailing
from New Orleans, and it is asked that the com-
pensation should be continued for the length of
time usually required for the voyage, on the
ground that the expense of the voyage, in stores,
&c,,had been incurred.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
