THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
Superintendent of Public Printing, and the sub-
ject-matter of engraving, which has been left.,' in
the reorganization of our system of- printing, as it
was under the old system, in the hands of the
Secretary of the Senate and of a.committee of the
other Bouse. There is an evident propriety in
having the whole matter of printing arid engrav-
ing connected; and, in 9rder that they may be
carried on pari passu,, they should be under the
control of some one individual, Subject to the su-
pervision of the Joint Committee on Printing of
the two Houses.
At present I have to say to the' Senate what I
imagine'will'surprise them; and yet, if they re-
flect for a moment, they will at oncfe recognize that
something of the sort must have been the case.
There are now in the Union office, of this city, one
hundred'tons of printed matter, not delivered for
the-simple reason that the plates and engravings
have been" contracted for in such a manner that
the works cannot be issued because the engravings
are not prepared and ready. In regard to Mar-
cy's report, which was ordered four months ago,
and the copies of which ought to have been de-
livered by this time, ( understand thatthe engrav-
ings and plates were not even ordered until the
day before yesterday. I understand it is already
printed. The Agricultural Report was ordered
on the 30th of March, but the plates are not all
even contracted for at this time. Now, how can
such a-system be carried on> and what.a condi-
tion of things is this in connection with th£ public
business! The Senate must see that it is out of
the question, and will not do at all. We must Jo
something to concentrate this class of business'
under some one head, and make that head respon-
sible for the work. All this printing, as I under-
stand, could have been delivered if the plates had
been prepared. The whole of this matter would
have/been delivered at this session, and distrib-
uted, and been sent to the people, or would have
gone to whatever object it was designed for, if all
these things had been in the hands of any one
who would have attended to it as it should have
been done. But now it is certain that the one hun-
dred tons of printed matter cannot be delivered to
you up to the end of this Congress—this session
and the next session both taken together. The
amendment which 1 have offered 1 have reason to
believe, and the Committee on Printing have
reason to believe, will do away with the difficulty.
Mr. GEYER. I desire to make an inquiry of
tlie chairman of the Committee on Printing. I
understood him to say that the plates for Marcy's
report were not ordered until within-a few days.
Mr. JOHNSON. The plates for Marcy's re-
port, as I understand, which was ordered to be
printed some four months ago, were not ordered
until the day before yesterday.
Mr. GEYER. I nave seen that report in the
hands of members of the House as a Senate doc-
ument, ordered by the Senate, with the plates.
That has been furnished to members of the House
some three or four weeks since.
Mr. BADGER. Is my friend certain that it is
Marcy's report ?
Mr. GEYER. Yes, sir, on the exploration of
Red river.
Mr. BADGER. I am not disposed to throw
any unnecessary difficulty m the way of the
amendment moved by the Senator from Arkansas,
but 1 confess I have no disposition to pass any
law giving the Superintendent of Public Printing
any further control than he is now allowed over
the public printing.
Mr. WELLER. If my friend from North
Carolina will allow me, I de.siie to say, 1 shall
submit a proposition to insert after " Superinten-
dent of Public Printing," the words " together
with the Secretary of the Senate."
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 imagine there is not a
member of the body who has a higher regard for
the Secretary of the Senate than I have, but i do
not believe he ]ias got anything to do with that
business of the Senate. There is no man who
would make any movement with more reluctance
than I would to take fi^im him the slightest particle
of patronage, or^who would more positively re-
fuse to do anything which would cast upon him
the slightest reflection, than myself. 1 do not
know that the Secretary wants to have anything
to do with this; but I have understood the con-
trary, whether correctly or not, f cannot say, for
I have Hot chosen to ask. This ia a matter of
public business to be transacted. All these sub-
jects of printing, plates, and engravings, are akin
to each other. They cannot be got along with if
divided, so as to make them proceed with uniform-
ity. I will further say, that if the Secretary of
the Senate even desired to have control of it, 1
should consider that his desire was more earnest
for the control of a matter of that sort than his
judgment was good for the interest of the public
m that respect.
1 do hope that the Senator from North Caro-
lina, who objects to giving this to the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, will recollect that the
Superintendent is bound by the most rigid laws
which you have already enacted, and he xs made
peculiarly subject, in every instance and in all
particulars, to the direct supervision and action of
the joint committee of the two bodies. The power
of remo.val also rests with the President, so that
at any moment when there should be cause for
such a course, either or both of the committees
would have him displaced upon the spot. If you
join the Secretary of ihe Senate with the Super-
intendent, I suggest to the Senator from Cali-
fornia that the Committee on Engraving, of the
other House, when this goes there, will also have
to be inserted. Then we shall have the Commit-
tee on Engraving, the Secretary of the Senate, and
the Superintendent t>f Public Printing acting upon
thema'tterof lettihg out-engravings, which is a
small matter. We shall have them alt acting on
the engravings and superintending them, while
the printing will be superintended by the Super-
intendent ot Public Printing,' acting alone. I trust
and hope, for the public interest, and in conform-
ity with the wiBhesand opinions of the Committee
on Printing,'that the amendment which 1 have
offered may be permitted to pass just as it stands;
and 1 feel disposed to say that I can even guaran-
tee that under it the public service, in this par-
ticular, henceforth will be done promptly and
uniformly and more cheaply.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Senator from Ar-
kansas seems to proceed upon the supposition that
the Superintendent of the Public Printing can ad-
vertise, and make contracts for the engravings
sooner than the 'Secretary of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. Not at all.
Air.'BRODHEAD. Has therebeen any delay?
Is the delay in the delivery of the public documents
attributable to this matter of the engravings? If
so, it amounts to a considerable charge. I do not
know why it is that the Secretary of the Senate
cannot make contracts at as early a'period for
engravings as the Superintendent of the Public
Printing. I do not wish to be understood ak ex-
pressing a positive opinion against the measure of
the Senator from Arkansas. I do not wish to
cast any reflection upon any one; but I think that
the Superintendent of the Public Printing, the
Secretory of the Senate, and the Clerk of the
House would be a very good board to take charge
of this matter.
Mr. WELLER. It might be supposed, from
j some remarks made by the Senator from Arkan-
; sas,thnt there has been some consultation between
| the Secretary of the Senate and myself in regard
i to this matter. I desire to say, that I have never
| conversed with that gentleman on the subject. I
I know not what he wishes. Whether he desires
to continue in the superintendence of these engra-
vings or not, is a question about which I know
nothing. My only object was to divide the re-
sponsibility between the Superintendent of Public
Printing and the Secretary of the Senate. A large
amount of money has been expended, and is con-
stantly expended, by this Government for these
engravings. I desire that that responsibility may
rest upon the Superintendent of Public Printing,
who is under the control of the President, and
' upon the Secretary of the Senate, who is under
the control of this body. The Senator says that
if there be anything wrong under his amendment,
; if it be adopted, the President of the United States
i can remove the Superintendent. 1 answer io that,
if my amendment be adopted, and anything wrong
| is done by the Secretary, he can be removed by
' this body. By agreeing to my amendment,, we
can better advance the public interest. At all
events, I should prefer that the Superintendent of
the Public Printing and the Secretary of the Sen-
ate should have- charge of the engravings ordered
to be contracted for by this body. I therefore
make the motion—which I indicated a few minutes
ago—to put the Secretary of the Senate with the
Superintendent of Public Printing.
There is one other pomtto which I must allude.
I understand the Senator from Arkansas to say
that there has been a most extraordinary delay in
obtaining these engravings; that there are now
one hundred tons of printed paper in the Union
office—the public printer of the other branch of
Congress—not delivered to the House ordering
them. If there has been this delay; if this matter has
accumulated in that office, because of the failure
of a public officer to obtain the engravings, I
think it is due to this body that the Senator should
say where the responsibility rests. If the public
printing is delayed; if weare prevented from send-
ing over the country that which we have ordered
to be printed, and if this delay is occasioned by
the act of a public officer, it is the duty of the
committee who havethespecia] charge of the sub-
ject to inform the body where the blame rests.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 should be glad to know
where the fault rests. I do not know it; and there
again is another evidence that something ought to
be done in regard to the matter. The Committee
ori Printing has no control over, has nothing to do
with, the letting of these engravings at all. It is
not my business to go about and hunt up this; and
to tell you the truth, I do not know whose fault it
is. There must beafa'ultsomewhere. Thereare
the books; they are printed, ready for delivery,
and yet there are no engravings with them Where
ihe fault is I' know not. I know that the House
Committee on Engraving has had the benefit and
charge of the orders which they have issued for
the agricultural reports. As to the matter of
Marcy's reports, I do not know whether the order
originated first in that body or this.
Mr. WELLER. I should very much like the
Senator from Arkansas to inform me what are the
duties of the Committee on Printing? I do not
pretend to know what object whs sought to be
obtained by the Senate originally in the establish-
ment of that committee, if I understand its duties,
they were to take charge of the public printing
that might be ordered by the Senate, If they or-
dered an extra number of five thousand copies of
a work to be distributed among the members, it is
the duty of that committee, who thus reported in
favor of it, to inform us why it is that the order
has not been complied with. To what other com-
mittee of this body could 1 go, if I desired to ascer-
tain why an order of the Senate in regard to the
public printing had not been complied with ? To
what committee could I apply, if not to the Com-
mittee on Printing? If they have not the general
supervision of this subject, howcomes it that they
are reporting this proposed change ? If the Sen-
ator has ascertained all the facts, which 1 doubt
not he has, that he has this morning stated to the
Senate, why not also have obtained the facts as
to who are to blame for this most extraordinary
delay in the public printing? That is a question, in
my judgment, of practical importance to the body.
We have seen proper to order the printing of an
extraodinary number of a certain document. That
document has not been presented to us within a
reasonable time. I desire to know where the fault
attaches, where the blame lies; and if 1 cannotget'
that information from the Committee on Printing,
1 do not see the necessity of having a committee
on the subject.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I wish jto say one word
by way of explanation. This amendment comes
from the joint and unanimous action of the Com-
mittee on Printing of both Houses. It does not
originate from the Senate committee at all. The
difficulty does not exist in the action or want of
action of the Secretary of the Senate. The matter
in the House is managed by a committee'of the
House, and we all know that he cannot have any-
thing to do with contracts and business managed
by the committee of the other branch. I do not un-
derstand that there has been the slightest delay, or
j the slightest want of action, on the part of the Sec-
retary of the Senate, Hehasbeen promptin making
his contracts. But I know, as the committee well
know, that on the part of the House it has been
not unfrequently the case that the contracts for
engravings have not been made for months after
the order; and in that way, as a consequence
arising from the imperfect manner in which the
matter is managed in the other branch, has oc-
curred this large accumulation of printed matter;
and consequently the joint committee on the part
