1966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
which has been ordered by the House—the plates
cannot be got in the octavo pages, and there is po
authority under the law, as it stands, to alter it to
a quarto page. This is merely to give the author-
ity, when it may be absolutely necessary in the
execution of the work, to change it.
The amendment was agreed to.
. Mr. SLIDELL. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment, -which, it is necessary to state to the Senate,
comes within the class of private claims which
were decided as being out of order yesterday. I
will very briefly state the reasons why I now ask
the adoption of this particular amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. If it is out of order, it cannot
be received.
Mr. SLIDELL. It can be received by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. HUNTER. I object to receiving anything
out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
The rule is imperative that private claims cannot
be received.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will simply state that it is
recommended by the Secretary of the Treasury
and the Secretary of State as being one of strict
justice towards certain Spanish subjects The
Secretary of State considers it important and ne-
cessary for the dispatch of certain pending nego-
tiations with Spain to dispose of it. It is one of
strict justice. I think the case for which it pro-
vides is equal in hardship to that of the Black
Warrior. If the Senate chooses to reject it under
these circumstances, very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. DoestheSen-
ator offer this amendment?
Mr. SLIDELL. I do; and suggest these rea-
sons why it should be .received.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
Mr. SLIDELL. There is a letter on fileamong
the papers from the Secretary of State on the sub-
ject.
The amendment was as follows:
Sbo. —. jj-nd be it fwither enxcted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby authoi ized find required to release
a judgment rendered in the ciicuit court of the United
States, in the fifth circuit and eastern distiict of Louisi-
ana, on the 33th of February, 1854, in the ease of the Unt-
ied Statesix. Puig, Mtr St Co., of New Oileans, for the
sum of $1,310 54, and interest thereon, being the amount
of duties claimed to be due, and payable to the United
States, on certain coffee imported into the port of New Or-
terms from Cuba, in the Spanish brig Pepita; and that the
said Secretary of the Treasuiy ts hereby further authorized
and required to release a judgment rendered in said court,
at the game date, in the case of the United States os. P.
Puig, and Puitr, Mir & Oo., of New Orleans, for the sum
of $3,761 12, and interest thereon, being the amount «>f im-
port duties claimcd to be due and payable to the United
States, on certain coffee imported into the said port of New
Orleans from Cuba, in the Spanish brig Atalnyador ; but if
the judgment* aforesaid, or any part thereof, shall have
bee n paid by the defendants, the Secretary of the Treasury
Js hereby further authonzed and requned to refund to them,
out of any moneys m the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the amount ho-paid.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It belongs to
the class of private claims intended to be excluded
by the rule.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have stated so; and I ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate for its con-
sideration
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot agree to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia objects, and it cannot be received.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to offer
an amendment to the bill. Yesterday, the Sena-
tor from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] submitted a
proposition to amend the amendment which re-
lated to custom-houses, reported from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, by its chairman, [Mr. Ham-
lin,] so as to establish a custom-house and post
office at some port in his State. The Chair de-
cided that to be out of order under a rule which,
I understand, is one of the rules of the Senate.
Now, Mr. President, it does seem to me that it
is a very strange rule, and as unjust and unequal
as it is strange. What is it ? Under that rule, it
was decided yesterday by the Chair, that the
Senator from Georgia could not make a proposi-
tion to build a custom-house in his State, where
it was very much needed. And why? Because,
forsooth, some one of the Departments had not
seen fit to recommend it. Now, I submit to you,
Mr. President, and to the American Senate, if we
are to legislate under such duress as that' Are
we to be dependent for our action upon the views
and eaprices, or upon the judgment of any of the
Departments of this Government ? Is it not a
violation of every principle of equality and jus-
tice ? Is it not a trespass upon the rights of every
Senatorhere? Your constituents, sir, and my con-
stituents, their rights, and their intej-ests, are to
be adjudged by some Secretary of a Department.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I dislike to interrupt my
friend, but I must call him to order. I under-
stand him to make an attack upon the rules of the
Senate, and as'there is no motion pending to mod-
ify or repeal those rules, I do not conceive that it
is in order.
- Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would say to
my friend from Illinois, that I am only stating this
in order to make out my case before the Senate,
and then 1 shall appeal to their justice and their
judgment for the remedy. I am only arguing the
case of propriety to get a vote which I am sure I
shall get.
I repeat, Mr. President, that I am required, and
you are required, and the Senator fTom Illinois is
required, before we can offer an amendment here
asking for an appropriation for custom-houses in
either of our States, or for a hospital or for any
other purpose, to get the approbation and consent
of some one of the Departments, or else be fortu-
nate enough to secure the consent and approbation
of a majority of someone of the committees of the
Senate
Mr. HUNTER. ' I will suggest to the Senator
that if there is anything in the rules which he dis-
likes, he can move to repeal them; but this is not
the proper occasion on which to argue in regard
to them.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the Sena-
tor will allow me to put myself right. It is all I
ask. I do not desire to get a dollar out of the
Treasury, but I simply ask to stand right before
my constituents, and under this rule 1 cannot do
so. 1 put it on a question of piivilege, if you
please. I will state the case distinctly. At the
commencement of this session of Congress, a
large memorial was sent here from my constituents
asking Congress to establish a marine hospiial at
Memphis. I was required, under the rules of the
Senate, to refer it to the Committee on Commerce,
which I did with great pleasure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will allow the Chair to rematk that there is noth-
ing before the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope you will
allow me to make my speeStf, and propose an
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can now propose his amendment, and the Chair
will decide whether it is in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am sure the
Chair will rule it out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the Sen-
ator is clearly out of order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am aware of that;
but I hope 1 shiill be allowed to put myself right
before the Senate and my constituents. I appeal
to the magnanimity of the Senate.
Mr. RUSK. Offer the amendment, and then
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, here it is.
I propose to add, at the end of the amendment
which was adopted on the motion of the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] as chairman of the
Committee on Commerce, the following :
At Memphis, in the State of Tennessee, for the purchase
of a site, and the erection of a marine hospital, the sum of
$50,000.
1 was very well aware, Mr. President, that
under the rules it would be ruled out of order, as
was the amendment of my friend from Georgia;
but it is against that injustice that I want to put
myself right. I want to enter my protest against
it, state the circumstances, and show to the Senate
the injustice which is done to my constituents
under that rule. With the consent of the Senate,
I will do it in a few minutes; but if there is one
Senator here who will deny me the privilege to
put myself right 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
is clearly out of order, the amendment itself being
excluded by the rule. It is in the power of the
Senate to overrule the decision.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair; and I sup-
posel may he permitted to'speak on that question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, whether the decision of the Chair, declaring
the Senator from Tennessee to be out of order, is
>to stand as the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Before the vote is
taken, I desire to argue that matter. I put it
upon the ground that it is an act of injustice to
me and every Senator on the floor, and to that ex-
tent is an infringement of the constitutional rights
of every Senator. By what power and authority
does the Senate undertake to declare to me that
I shall not represent the wishes of my constituents?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is not a debatable one.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If I have not the
right to show that the rule is unconstitutional, I
should like to know what power we have here,
except that which is exercised by a dominant
majority ?
Mr. WELLER. There is a rule here abridg-
ing liberty of speech. You cannot say anything
upon a question of this sort.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cided that the Senator was out of order in arguing
an amendment after it was decided to be out of*
order.
Mr..JONES, of Tennessee. I am arguing the
rule on the appeal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. From that he
appeals. The question is, whether the decision of
the Chair shall stand as the judgment of the Sen-
ate. That is not debatable.
The decision of the Chair was sustained—ayes
nineteen, noes not counted.
Mr. RUSK. I have a small amendment to
offer to the third section, which has been adeptecl
as an amendment, on the recommendation of the
Committee on Finance. It now provides that
In the office of the First Auditor there shall be one clerk
taken from ola*s three, and placed in clasa four, and four
additional clerks allowed of class one.
I understand that these four clerks are perform-
ing the duties of the third class. I also under-
stand that it was recommended by the Auditor
that they should be put down in the third class,
but, by some means in transcribing the recom-
mendation at the Treasury Department, they
were put down as in class one. I therefore move
to strike out "one" and insert "three*"
Mr. ADAMS. The statement of the Senator
I understand to be correct. The duties to which
those clerks are assigned are in the third class.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I have another amendment which
I am directed to offer by the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. It is to strike out:
For improving and repairing the room in the custom-
house at Savannah, used as post office, $1,000.
—and insert:
For the erection of a building for the post office nt the
city of Savannah, in the State of Georgia, $50,000 ; <m
condition that the said city shall furnish a &ite lor toe build-
ing.
, Mr. President, I shall make but a few word* of
explanation in reference to the amendment. In
the construction of a custom-house at Savannah,
the room which was assigned to the post office
department is, I believe, m the basement of the
building, and is entirely unsuitable for the purpose
of a post office. It is cold and damp, and lights
have to be used in it day and night. There is no
arrangement in the custom-house there by which
the post office can be accommodated. Savannah
is a place of growing importance, with its roads
extending out west. It is a very considerable sea-
port town; and I believe it will be a matter of
economy to adopt the amendment. The citizens
propose to furnish a site for the post office; and
$50,000 will make a building suitable for it. I
believe it will be a matter of economy on the part
of the Government to adopt that plan.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 suggest to the Senator from
Texas that that will lead to an entirely new range
of appropriations. The Senator from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Brodhkad] will come up again with his
proposition for the post office in Philadelphia, and
"thus they will go on accumulating. I think it
will be the best plan to keep these buildings out
of the bill.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GWIN. I offer the following additional
sections:
Sec. —. «/$ndbe it further enacted, That the seventh sec-
tion of the act of January 18, 1837, entitled " An act sup-
plementary loan act establishing the Mint and regulating
the coins of the United States," be so amended as to ex-
tend the allowance for the annual salary of the clerks in
