1108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
THOMAS SNODGRASS.
The bill for the relief of Thomas Snodgrass,
reported from the Committee on Claims, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to appropriate $230 to reimburse
to Captain Thomas Snodgrass the expenses in-
curred by him for a team, and balance for forage
and subsistence furnished to his company of vol-
unteers, while employed as a guard or escort for
a party of emigrating Cherokees in 1838. But
the bill is not to be construed to sanction any
claim of the representatives of Washington Smith
upon'the United States for the amount, or any
other sum advanced to Snodgrass.
In June, 1838, Gen. Nat. Smith, then in charge
of a party of emigrating Cherokees as emigrating
agent, under the escort of Captain Drain, United
States Army, found that the Indians had become
restless, dissatisfied, and disposed to desert, and
otherwise manifested a spirit of mutiny and in-
subordination, and a disposition to commit dep-
redations upon the country through which they
were passing. Finding the escort of Captain Drain
insufficient to restrain them, General Smith en-
gaged the memorialist to raise a company of
mounted volunteers of thirty men, and promised
that, on condition that Captain Snodgrass would
look to the United States for the pay of the men,
he, General Smith, would defray the other ex-
penses, and risk the chance of their reimburse-
ment. With this understanding the company
was raised, and mustered into service for thirty
days, to assist Captain Drain, as guard from
Bellefonte to Waterloo, in the State of Alabama.
In default of Smith, who failed to provide funds,
Captain Snodgrass, as he alleges, incurred ex-
penses to the amount of $741 25.
To defray these expenses Captain Snodgrass
was compelled to obtain the amount of $625 from
W.Smith, a brother of the agent, who took the
obligation of Captain Snodgrass for this sum, pay-
able when an appropriation should be made by
Congress. He has since been sued upon this ob-
ligation, and judgment obtained, 28th November,
1848, for the amount of $1,143 66 and costs, in
the district court of the United States for northern
Alabama.
He claims other sums arising out of the same
transaction.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
OB El) HUSSEY.
The next bill was one reported from the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office, for the
relief of Obed Hussey.
Mr. TOOMBS objected to its consideration, and
it was passed over.
THOMAS D. JENNINGS.
The bill, reported from the Committee on Private
Land Claims,for the relief ofThomas D. Jennings,
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize Thomas D. Jennings,
of Florida, to enter, at the minimum price of the
public lands, a quantity of land not exceeding one
hundred and sixty acres, comprising theimprove-
ment on which his late father, Lawrence D. Jen-
nings, resided before his death, on due proof being
presented to the register of the proper land office
that he would have been entitled to a preemption
but for the removal of the family after the death
of the father.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
JUAN M. AND JOSE I.. LUGO.
The bill, reported from the Committee on Pri
vate Land Claims, for the relief of Juan M. Luco
and JosS L. Luco, was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to permit them to file their claim and
title to a certain tract of land in California, known
as the Ulpines Rancho, before the United States
land commissioners to ascertain and settle the
private land claims in the State of California, ap-
pointed under the act approved March 3, 1851;
and to direct those commissioners to take cogni-
zance of and pass upon the claim, in the same
manner as if it had been filed prior to the expira-
tion of the time fixed for filing such claims by the
act.
The petitioners are owners of a certain tract of
land in the State of California, known as "Ulpines
Rancho;" they derived their title thereto from one
Jose de la Rosa, who derived his title from the
Government of Mexico. De Rosa lived upon and
occupied the lands both before and after the grant
from the Mexican Government. In 1850 the wife
of De Rosa abandoned him and went to Mexico,
carrying with her the title papers to the tract of
land, and they were not recovered until after the
expiration of the time fixed for filling such claims,
under the act of 3d of March, 1851.
The petitioners now ask permission to file their
claim and title papers before the said commission-
ers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
ISAAC L. BATTLE.
The next bill on the Calendar, was one for the
relief of the estate of Isaac. L. Battle.
It proposes to release the estate of Isaac L. Bat-
tle, deceased, late of the county of Jackson, in
the State of Florida, from any liability under a
judgment heretofore obtained by the Post Office
Department against him as guarantor on behalf
of Charles Matthews and William King, late of
that county and State, as bidders for a contract
to carry the United States mail, three times a
week each way between Bainbridge, in the State
ofGeorgia, and Pensacola, in the State (then Ter-
ritory) of Florida, in the year 1842.
In the year 1842, Charles Matthews and Wil-
liam King were the successful bidders for a con-
tract with the Post Office Department to carry the
mail three times a week, backward and forward,
between Bainbridge, in the State of Georgia, and
Pensacola, in Florida, and Isaac L. Battle, the
Eetitioner's intestate, became guarantor in their
ehalf. Matthews and King failed to execute
their contract or to perform any portion thereof,
in consequence of which the mail was carried by
W. T. Stockton & Co., who had been the con-
tractors previously, from '-the 1st of July, 1843,
to the 8th of October, 1843," at which time the
route was relet at the price stated in their bid.
During the time for which Stockton & Co. carried
the mail, it was carried at the rate previously paid
to them, say $21,000 per annum, and on the 21st
j of August, 1846, suit was ordered to be brought
I against King and Matthews, and Isaac L. Battle,
i their guarantor, to recover$3,125 as the difference
I between their bid, $9,500 per annum, and the rate
i paid to Stockton &. Co., $91,000. On the 5th of
' January, 1848, judgment was obtained against
] Felix G. Long, executor of Charles Matthews,
; for §3,924 62, and an execution issued to satisfy
! the judgment, upon which $107 14 was paid over
1 to the Department on the 9th of April, 1840, after
l deducting for costs $164 86. Process was at the
same time issued, but was not served, on King or
j Battle. The claim from which the petitioner
I asks to be released is the balance under the above
I judgment, on the ground that he, as adminis-
j trator of Isaac L. Brattle, had no information that
1 there was such a claim in existence, until he had
j paid out as administrator all the assets in hand,
| with the exception of $1,500, which he had re-
j served for the payment of a debt due from the
estate to a widow woman named Lewis, who is
| poor and must lose the whole of her claim if
: the debt to Government be paid. A further ground
i on which the petitioner asks to be released, is the
j laches on the part of the Government in not pros-
| ecuting its claim at the time of the failure on the
J part of King and Matthews, and when they were
| able to pay the damage sustained, instead of
i waiting four years, at the end of which time one
1 of the principals had left the State and the other
| had died, leaving an estate almost totally inade-
1 quate to meet the liability.
; Mr. SHIELDS objected, and the bill was
j passed over.
i SOPHIA KIRBY.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next bill
on the Calendar, is one for the relief of Sophia
Kirby, reported from the Committee on Pensions.
It proposes to require the Secretary of the In-
terior to place the name of Sophia Kirby, of War-
ren county, Kentucky, widow of Joseph Kirby,
deceased, upon the pension roll, and to pay her
a pension of $100 per annum, to commence on the
17th December, 1852.
The bill was referred to the Commissioner of
Pensions, with a view to elicit any information in
relation to the case which might be on file in his
\ office. In a letter of date March 3,1854, he says:
; " As the bill is unaccompanied by papers of any
j description, I am at a loss to understand upon
' what ground the relief proposed is based. It is
, probable, however, that a mistakehas been made in
! the name of Mrs. Kirby's husband; for I find, on
j referring to the Kentucky roll of pensioners, that
' Jesse Kirby, of Warren county, of that State, was
j pensioned on the 22d of October, 1832, under the
act of June 7, 1832, at the rate of $32 22 per an-
] num, which covered all the service claimed to
1 have been rendered by him, viz: nine months and
' twenty days in the militia of Virginia. It appears
that he died on the 17th of December, 1852, from
which date his widow, Sophia Kirby, (the name
in the bill,) was pensioned under the act of Feb-
i ruary 2, 1848, at the same rate, and is still in-
, scribed on the roll."
Assuming that the person referred to by the
| Commissioner is the same for whose relief the bill
| is intended to provide, and who is now receiving
the full amount of pension to which her husband
was entitled, the committeedo not feel warranted,
especially in the absence of all information re-
specting the case, except that furnished by the
j Commissioner's letter, in increasing the amount
: she now receives by an act of special legislation.
' Mr. CLAY. The report of the committee ia
' adverse in that case.
i The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
: then will be on the indefinite postponement of the
i bill.
Mr. BROWN. Oh, no.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill being
objected to, it will be passed over.
i ELIZA M. EVANS.
] The bill reported from the Committee on Rev-
| olutionary Claims, for the relief of Eliza M.
i Evans, was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
| It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
i ury to pay to Eliza M. Evans, the only child and
heir-at-law of Colonel Anthony Walton White,
deceased, late a colonel in the revolutionary army,
> the interest on $3,750 advanced by White to the
; Continental Congress, for the support of a regi-
| ment of light-horse, commanded by him; the in-
' terest to be computed from July 4, 1780, to July
! 7, 1838.
1 Anthony W. White served in the revolutionary
army, with the rank of colonel; prior to the year
I 1783 he advanced to the United States, for the
support of his regiment, the sum of $3,750; from
I 1788 down to the year 1838, either he or his legal
! representatives, made continual efforts to obtain a
! settlement of his accounts and a repayment of the
■ loan; and during this time, both the Secretary of
I War and the committees of Congress uniformly
reported in favor of the justice of the claim; finally,
on the 7th July, 1838, an act was approved to re-
fund to his legal representatives the sum.
The claim now made is for the interest upon this
sum of $3,750, from the 4th of July, 1780, to the
7th of July, 1838,
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
SARAH CRANDALL.
The bill reported from the Committee on Pen-
sions, for the relief of Sarah Crandall, was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Sarah Crandall, widow of
James Coon, on the list of revolutionary pen-
sioners, and pay her, during her natural life, at
the rate of eight dollars per month, to commence
on the 1st of January, 1848.
The petitioner was married to James Coon as
early as the year 1790; Coon died in 1799; his
widow afterwards married Jasper Crandall, who
died a few years since, leaving the petitioner again
a widow.
It is claimed by the petitioner that James Coon,
her first husband, was a soldier in the revolutionary
war, and served in Colonel Warner's regiment,
which was raised principally in Connecticut, and
