1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
399
mistake there is, that this preamble recites that
two townships of land were granted to her by the
act of April, 1816, when there was only one
granted. This township was granted to her in
addition to the one heretofore reserved. The act
of 1816 makes no grant of more than one town-
ship, and the gentleman from Indiana will remem-
ber that this very question was before the Supreme
Court, and decided in accordance with what I now
eay; for although it was argued before the Supreme j
Court thar this act of 1816 granted two townships, |
the majority of the court decided that the act of 1
1816 granted but one township, and not the one '
which had been reserved in 1804. !
Mr. DUNHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him for a moment? I expect, as a
matter of course, that the committee will hold
their minds in abeyance until I shall be able to j
argue this case at length. Yet I desire the gen- I
tleman from Virginia, upon such points as he j
toucnes, to give the proper explanations as lie !
passes along. I presume that the error which he j
seems to criticise is an error merely in language, j
I do not intend to assert that the decision of the j
Supreme Court gave'two townships of land to ■
Indiana, but what I do assert is, and which I j
think I will be able to show, that Congress, by j
the act of 1816, intended to grant them. ;
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, I am very
happy to he interrupted now, and will very cheer-
fully submit to any future interruption from any
gentleman from the State of Indiana who may de-
sire to explain; and I shall be well pleased if any
of those gentlemen can give such an explanation !
to the committee, or such an explanation to mvself, j
as will incline me to vote for the passage of this i
bill. For I assure the gentleman that there are |
few persons here whom I should more desire to j
gratify, and for whose gake 1 should be more (lis- j
posed to forbear opposition to any bill for which 1
my conscience would allow me to vote, than my ;;
honorable fnend on m^ right, [Mr. Dunham,]
and therefore it is that I renew my invitation to ;
him and to .other gentlemen from Indiana to set
me right whenever I may be wrong".
But the gentleman says that I am indulging in :
a mere verbal criticism upon the language of the ;
preamble. Sir, the gentleman must come to the !
conclusion that there is something more than a ;
mere verbal criticism involved m this point, when ;
he remembers that it was a point carefully raised, 1
deliberately considered, and expressly decided by j
the Supreme Court of the United States. If this j
had been a mere question of verbal criticism, 1
would it have been likely to have occupied so '
much of the attention of the Supreme Court of ;
the United States ? ]
They have then decided that but one of these
townships was granted by the act of J816, and
not two townships, as the gentleman from Indiana :
now says was the case, or was intended to have
been the case. The other township wns re&eived
by the act of 1801, and came into possession of
the Vincennes University, in consequence of the
charter of that institution, in 1806. I say, then,
that before we can be cailed upon to indemnify the
State of Indiana, it must be shown that she has
lost the lands.
But, sir, what I have said will suggest to the
committee this obvious inquiry. Suppose the
State, or rather the State Umveisity of Indiana, has
lost the lands, what possible obligation can there
be upon the part of the Government of the United
States to remunerate her for the loss? Tt was the
intention of Congress to grant to Indiana two
townships of hind for the use of these seminaries
of learning, and I maintain that this intention has
been earned into complete effect. The Vincennes
University, one seminary of learning, has had,
and if it recovers in this suit, will continue to re-
ceive, the benefit of one township under the act of
1804, and the Indiana State University, another
seminary of Itarnmg, is now enjoying the benefit
of the grant made by the act of Congress of 1^16.
Sir, when did Congress ever pledge itself to
grant the^e two townships of land to the Indiana
State Univeisity ? Why, sir, that institution was
not in existence m 1SU-1, when the reservation was
fust made. The "Vincennes College was not even
in existence at the time.
Mr. H I£JN DRICKS. If the gentleman will al-
low me, I will endeavor to show him what the
law was which attempted to vest this land in the
State of Indiana. Indiana does not claim that the
land was vested in the State University, but she
does claim that the land should have been vested in
the State—not in any^ corporation, but in the State
—and she claims it under the language' of the
statute which provided for her admission into the
Union.
In 1816, Congress passed an act providing for
the admission ot Indiana into the Union. One of
the clauses of that act is as follows:
" That one entire township, which shall hp designated by
the President of the United States, in addition to the one
heretofore reserved for that purpose, sh^Ubo reserved for the
use ofa semnimyofieormng, and vested in the Legislature
of said State, to be appropriated solely to the use of such
seininaiy by the Legisfatuie."
What sort of a grant, 1 ask the gentleman, as a
lawyer, does that import? Is it a grant to the
State of Indiana of one township, or of one town-
ship in addition to the one heretofore reserved ?
Those are the only conveying words m the statute,
m my judgment.
The Supreme Court of the United States did
not decide the question upon the ground that the
gentleman has assumed. The Supreme Court
did notdecide that the language of this act did not
import a grant. The Supreme Court held that it
was a grant. But the General Government had
previously, in 1804, granted away this land; so
that when Congress attempted to grant this town-
| ship to Indiana in 1816 it could not convey it,
for the reason that it had been conveyed before
that to the Territory of Indiana, and had passed
to a private institution. I think that no gentle-
man who reads this act can doubt that Indiana
has a claim to two townships under the language
here used: "That one entire township, in addi-
tion to the one heretofore reserved,shall be vested
! in the State of Indiana." It was not vested in
| the State of Indiana, because the Government at
I that time had no title to vest, and that is the
j ground of the decision of the Supreme Court of
] the United States. If the General Government
i had had a title to the land in 1816, this grant
I would have been sufficient; but because of a de-
| feet in the title of the Government, it did not vest
I in the State.
| I will sav, further, to the gentleman from Vir-
I ginia that this is not a controversy between two
seminaries of learning. It is a controversy be-
I tween the State of Indiana, which claims both of
1 these townships, to be used by her according to
the sovereign will of the State, and a private and
sectarian institution. Indiana desires that thus
land shall be used for the benefit of the Siate in-
stitution—an institution to which all the young
men of the State can go. It is not a sectai lan in-
stitution. It is one "that was established by the
State, and endowed, as we had supposed, by the
moneys received fiom the sale of tins very land.
Another seminary of learning, whieh belongs to
one of the religious sects of the State, holds it
under the decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States.
Mr. DUNHAM. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will state, in addition to what he has said,
that when this township was taken possession of
by the sectarian school, parts of Illinois, Michi-
gan, and Ohio were interested in it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It was not a grnnt, al-
though the Supreme Court of the United States
held it in connection w th the subsequent act of
the Territorial Legislature, to amount to a grant.
The language of theact of Congress did not make
it a grant; but it reserved the township for the ben-
efit of the seminary of learning. In 1816, Congress
I supposed that that land was still under its control,
i and that it could convey it to the State of Indiana,
i It was not undeceived in reference to the matter
| until the Supreme Court of the United States
I otherwise decided last year.
j Mr. MILLSON. 1 submit that what the gen-
j tleman from Indiana has said is not in correction
j of anything which I have stated to the committee.
I So far from it, I have used the very words which
! the gentleman himself has employed. I used the
! very language of the act of 1*16, reserving a town-
j ship for the use of a seminary of learning m addi-
I tion to the one heietofbie reserved. IN'ow, it
t seems the question is one simply of construction,
! whether the language of the act imported a grant
' of two townships or of one. All I have to say
' on that subject is, that what the gentleman has
jnstsaid'in support of this construction mi«rhthave
been very well said, and doubtless was very well
said, to the Supreme "Court of the United States
when it had that very question before it. But the
Supreme Court of the United States decided that
it was a grant of only one township; that the act
of 1804 reserved the other township, and that the
act of 1816 did not, in itself, import a grant of two
distinct townships to the State of Indiana. J still
think, notwithstanding the gentleman from Indiana
supposes I am mistaken in reference to theopinion
of the Supreme Court, that I am correct in attribut-
ing to that decision the meaning which I have given
it. I find full authority for the statement 1 made
in the following marginal note in the report of this
case:
"In 1804, Concres" passed an act, making provision for
the disposal of the public land* in the Indiana Terr.torv, in
which it reserved from sale a unvn-hip in each one of
three districts, to be located by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, tor the u<e of a seminary of learning." * * *
%(The language of the act of Congress, by which Indiana
was admitted into the Union, did not veat the above town-
ship m the Legislature of the State."
Here the question was made, and distinctly
decided by the Supreme Court* that the act ad-
mitting Indiana into the Union did not vest in the
Legislature of the State the township reserved by
the act of 1804.
Mr. DUNHAM. I will ask the gentleman, as
a lawyer, whether that decision does or could go
fuither? By that act, Congress could not vest
the land in the State of Indiana, because it had
previously granted it elsewhere. The decision of
the Supreme Court goes no further. It doe-4 not
go to the question, as my colleague [Mr, end-
ricks] lias well said, that Congress did nojfntend
to vest the two townships m the State of Indiana.
Mr. MILLSON. It is sufficient for me to show
what the court decided. I am under no obliga-
tions to give the reasons for its decision. If the
gentleman calls on me, as a lawyer, to say why
it so decided, I think I may content myself by
saying what the decision was, and leaving to the
gentleman to infer the reasons which probably
governed the court.
But as he asks me for these reasons, I will gratify
him, by reading an extract from the opinion of
the court, as pronounced by Judge McLean. He
says:
" The words of the act «eem to he so clear as to admit of
but our con-traction. A township, in addition to the one
formerly re^ei ved, is appropriated, and vested in the Leius-
lanne. The lir-f township is onlv referred to to show that
the ono then appropriated was in addition to if. The (-Jib-
son township bad bHore b.'cn appropi iated A part of it
had been sold, and apaitheld underlease*. Whether we
regard the wonls u-ed, oi their grammatical auangeinent
the intention ot scetns to be elearl} expiessed."
IN'ow, sir, I refer to this for the purpose of re-
plying to the inquiry of the gentleman ftom In-
diana[Mr. Dunham] as to the reason why the
court so decided.
Mr DUNHAM. I did not ask the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Mxllso.y] for the reasons for
the decision of the court. I simply said that the
decision showed that this act could not have made
the grant, because the grant had been previously
made.
Mr MILLSON. Precisely. That is what I am
myself showing—that the grant of the first town-
ship had been previously made. Now, Mr. Chair-
man, m relation to tbi^ other matter, as to which
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] rose
! to correct me, namely: that Indiana was not a
| State at the time of the reservation of 1804, and
j that other portions of the country were theq em-
j braced within the Territory of Indiana. The gen-
j tleman will do me the justice to recollect that I
j stated that the land was reserved in three land dis-
! tricts, the districts of Kaskaskia, Vincennes', and
j Detroit. And if any of the Representatives of that
• section of the country participated with Indiana
| in the legislation by which this township was
, o-ranted for the benefit of the Vincennes^Coliege,
1 why, so much the better for the State, tor it ap-
: pears that though Delegates, representing portions
1 of the territorynow included in Illinois and Mich-
igan, actually voted with the Delegates of Indiana,
yet Indiana, or what is now -Indiana, got the ben-
' efit of the act of 1804. _
Sir, I have said that this reservation was made
- for the benefit of a seminary of learning. Two
1 seminaries of learning have received all the bene-
I fit of those grants which was intended by Con-
; gress to be secured to the people of Indiana. Con-
j gress never intended that the Vincennes Univer-
j sity, or the State University, or that any particu-
