1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1967
the Mint of the United States to $1,800 each, from and
after the latday of July, 1854 at the discretion of the offi-
cers authorized by law to appoint, with the approbation of
tlie President oi the United Slates, including «ilso one clerk
in the office of the assistant treasurer at Philadelphia.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the second sec-
tion of the act ot July 3, 1552, entitled " An act to establish
a bidnch mint ot the United States m California," be so
amended a? to allow to the clerks authorized to be em-
ployed therein, $3,000 per annum each, to take effect from
and after the fust day of July, lt54; and such additional
sum as, together with those elsewhere provided in this act,
will equal lh« respective salaries authorized by this section
of this act, are hereby appropriated out of any moneys in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the payment
thereof,
Sko.—. *dnd be it further enacted, That all the appoint
ments of clerks and assistants autboiized to be employed in
the office of the assistant treasurers of the United States,
and in the offices of the Mint and branches thereol, and
assay office, New York, shall respectively be made with
the approbation of the President, by the assistant treas-
urer, director, superintendent, and treasurer of the Mint,
~ * are held
erform-
eported
by the Committee on Finance, and passed the
Senate, fixing the compensation of the clerks in
the Mints and branches. It is reported from the
committee.
Mr. SL1DELL. 1 have no objection to the
amendment of the Senator from California, so far
as regards the Mint of New Orleans, raising the
salaries of the clerks there. I desire to suggest
to him, however, that by the present allowance
the cleika receive §1,501) a year, and the cashier
$1,800 Now, if the salaries of the cleiks be in-
creased, so as to be made equal to what thecashier
now receives, the cashier, whose duties are much
more arduous and responsible, ought also to have
his increased, and I suggest to the Senator from
California that he should increase the saiary of
the cashier to $2,200.
Mr. GWIN. The amendment, as I offer it, is
sn accordance with the recommendation of the
Department.
Mr. SL1DELL. Then I shall move to amend
it by raising1 the salary of the cashier.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest that it is better not
to depart from the estimate in relation to the
clerks. It is shown to be actually necessary to
increase their salaries in order to get an experi-
enced class of men; but as to increasing the sala-
ries of the higher officers; 1 think they had better
come in a separate measure hereafter, and not
be nut in this bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will state, for the informa-
tion of the Senator from Virginia, that it ie im-
possible to retain the services of an efficient cashier
at the present salary. A man capable of occupy-
ing the position, can get a much higher salary in
commercial houses in New Orleans. My col-
league, who has received several letters on the
subject, will confirm that statement. The clerks
now receive$1,500 a year, and the cashier $1,800.
It is utterly impossible to obtain the services of a
responsible man at the rate of salary now given.
They are obliged to have an inferior class of men.
It is only within the last two or three weeks that
the cashier of the Mint at New Orleans left his
place, because he obtained & much higher salary
in a mercantile house. I shall, therefore, offer the
amendment to increase the salary of the cashier in
a corresponding ratio with that of the clerks.
Mr. GWIN. 1 will accept that amendment.
The question being put on the amendment, as
modified, the Presiding Officer declared that it ap-
peared to be rejected.
Mr. BRODHEAD. There is no objection to
the amendment. The Comrnitee on Finance are
in favor of it; everybody agrees to it; the Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] agrees to it; and the
Secietary of the Treasury has especially called
for it.
The question was again put; and, on a division,
no quorum voted.
Mr. BRODHEAD. There is no objection to
the amendment. The Committee on Finance agree
to it; we all agree to it. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is a mat-
ter which the Chair cannot decide except by a
count.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask for another count.
Mr. STUART. The Senator who called for a
division can withdraw his call.
The amendment was then agreed to-—ayes 21,
noes not counted.
Mr. GWIN. I propose the following amend-
ment:
Snc.—• Jlndbeitfuither enacted, That from and after
the 3t)th June, 1854, the annual salary of the director of the
Mint shall be $5,000; that of the superintendent of the
branch mint, and ihe assistant treasurer of the United Status
at San Franci<eo, California, $6,000 each ; that of the
superintendent of the as^ay office at New York, and of the
assistant treasurer at .Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, @4,500
each ; that of the superintendent of the mint, and the as-
sistant treasurer at New Orleans, Louisiana, and of the
treasurer at Boston, Massachusetts, $4,000 each; and that
of the assistant treasurer at Charleston, South Carolina,
$3,000 : Provided, That it shall be their further duty, when
designated by the President of the United States, to perform
the beiviccs now authorized by Jaw to be performed by the
agents tor paying pensions, or any oihci duties, without
any greater aggregate of compensation than is herein pro-
vided.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope this will be laid over
until the next session. I went for the increase of
the salaries of the clerks, because it is indispensa-
ble; but it is not-necessary to raise these salaries
to retain the services of those superior officers. I
hope it will go over. We have aheady put a
great deal upon this bill, and we should not add
such items as this.
Mr. GWIN. I will make a statement in re-
gard to the officers in California, and, I suppose,
other gentlemen can speak of those in their sev-
eral States. The treasurer of the branch Mint at
San Francisco has a salary of §4,500. In addi-
tion to that, and the duties which are placed upon
him as assistant treasurer, he has to superintend
the accounts of all the disbursing officers m Cali-
fornia. He has to receive, on deposit, and he is
liable for, as treasurer of the Mint, and Assistant
Treasurer of the United States, the amount of from
$50,000,000 to $75*000,000 a year. His saiary is
only $4,500, while our appraisers get $6,000. He
gives a bond of $400,000. So much for the as-
sistant treasurer. There is no officer of the Gov-
ernment who has to disburse such large amounts
as the treasurer of that branch Mint. Now, it is
proposed to increase his salary $1,500. It is the
same in regard to the superintendent. He has
important duties to perform. By the establish-
ment, of the assay office in New York, and the
Mint in California, more money will be coined at
that point than all the other Mints in the United
States, it is estimated that the amount coined
there will be §30,000,000 a year.
Mr. BRO£>HEAD. I beg to say a few words
in regard to the ^voofficers m Philadelphia. One
is the Director ofjgj^Mint. He has charge of all
the Mints m the United States. When his salary
was fixed in 1837, there were about $3 000,000
coined annually; now there are $60,000,000 alone
in Philadelphia, besides the California Mint, and
at the assay office in New York, which are added
to him. His salary is fixed at $5,000. The sal-
ary of the treasurer of the Mint, and the Assistant
Treasurer of the United States in the city of Phil-
adelphia—which office is now occupied by Dr.
Sturgeon, with whom Senatois are acquainted—
is $4,000. This proposes to give him $4,500.
I His saiary was fixed when there were about
j $3,000,000 coined; now there are $60,000,000,
; and he is answerable for that, and gives a bond m
i $300,000. He receives now $2,000 as treasurer
j of the Mint at Philadelphia; $1,000 for his addi-
■ tional duties as Assistant Treasurer of the United
! States, and $1,000 for paying pensions—making
i $4,000. This proposes to give him for all $4,500.
it therefore increases his actual compensation but
! $500.
j All the officers of the Mint and branch Mints
j in the United States are under the charge andeon-
! trol of the Director of the Mint at Philadelphia.
! His salary is proposed by the amendment to be
; fixed at $5,000, and that of the Treasurer at
: $4,500, and for that he is to perform all the duties
| which he now performs. Can there be any ob-
jection to this > I know that the Senator from
Virginia objects to it; but why ? He says that
j the bill is already loaded. Did he not yesterday
vote for an increase of the salaries of the judges
! of the Supreme-Court of the United States ? They
: hold their office for life. But here are gentlemen
, temporarily in the public service, subject to the
! mutations of politics, handling millions and mil-
! lions of dollars belonging to theGovernment; and
| it becomes, therefore, an imperative duty, in view
, of many considerations, that their salaries should
| be increased. 1 hope the amendment will be
! agreed to. I hope the Senate of the United States
j will not ask gentlemen to give bonds in $300,000, i
and handle $60,000,000 for less than $4,500 n
year. The amendment is right and proper in every
respect. The scale of salaries mentioned in it
was sent here by the Secretary of the Treasury,
in a letter which I have read I therefore hope,
as it is recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and as it is justified by such reasons as
I have stated, that the Senate will agree to it.
Mr. DAWSON. I am as liberal as any man
ought to be in the distribution of the public money,
but 1 ask the Senator from Pennsylvania what
salary is given to the Governor of his State?
Mr. BRODHEAD. We give him $3,500. At
the last session of the Legislature, 1 believe, they
increased it; I do not know how much.
Mr. DAWSON. Three thousand fivehundred
dollars is the salary of the Governor. The salary
of the Superintendent of the Mint is $5,00Q.
Mr. BRODHEAD. No, sir; the salary of the
Director of the Mint is now $3,500, and he con-
tiols all the Mints in the United States.
Mr. DAWSON". He controls all the Mints of
the United States ! What control does he exer-
cise over them? What hour of his time is taken
up by that control ? He never goes to one of those
branch Mints. He receives a report of not more
than fifteen lines as to the amount of coinage at
the other Mints; and, sir, he has no responsibility
growing out of the bonds which are spoken of.
The honesty of the superintendent or director
constitutes his bond. Are we to pay men because
a large amount of money goes into a box or into
the Treasury over which they have superintend-
ence, because they give a bond ? Why, sir, a
bond is no security at all. I would not give a
snap of my finger for it. It is the honesty of the
man to which I look. Well, are we to pay for
that? Every man is an honest man. "Why is it
that men who are appointed to superintend work-
ing establishments are to receive greater salaries
than you give to the intellectual men who control
the State—your Governors and your chief jus-
tices? No man in the State receives such a com-
pensation as is here proposed to be given to these
officers. Sir, by doing this, you hold out an in-
ducement by your high salaries to make every
man who is in an elevated position, where he may
be useful to his State and to the country, come
down to labor for the General Government be-
cause of the salary.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My friend from Georgia
commenced by asking me a question. Nov/, 1 ask
him, why lie voted yesterday to increase the sal-
aries of the judges of the Supreme Court-1
Mr. DAWSON. I voted to increase them be-
cause the position requires men of high attain-
ments. They must spend all their life in study to
make themselves acquainted with legal knowledge.
Are we, because we raise the salaries of men of
their attainments, men who control the rights of
the people and the constitutional rights of the
States, and superintend the laws of the country to
raise the salaries of all other officers under the
Government? Sir, this thing; of r isingthe salaries
has gone already too far. You make your cleiks
receive as much as your major generals who fight
the battles of your country. The lowest clerk, in
one of your Departments, receives more than the
major who fights your battles. Why is all this?
You are prostrating all your proceedings. You
are so acting as not to bring down the higher
class who are engaged for the interests of the coun-
try to low salaries; but you are bringing all the
small ones to the highest point.
Your Doorkeeper here receives more than you
do, Mr. President,for thedischarge of yourduties.
There is not a dependent on the Senate Chamber
who does not receive more money than those who
are engaged in transacting the legislative business
of the country. We have forgotten ourselves. No
man can touch his own salary here, when he
knows that he cannot subsist with the means
which are appropriated for his sustenance,and yet
he may go down and raise the salaries of others
while he will not touch his own.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Senator from Georgia
commenced with a sort of argumentum ad homi~
nem reply to me. I should like to know how many
dollars per day he yesterday voted to foreign min-
isters ?
Mr. DAWSON. I voted to increase the sala-
ries of foreign ministers to such an amount aa
under the laws and Constitution of the country
they are entitled to.
