1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1109
that he enlisted for three years, and continued on
duty during that time.
The certificate of the comptroller of the State of
Connecticut shows that, according to the records
in that office, Coon served in the revolutionary war,
and in "Warner's regiment, twenty-three months
and ten days.
The Commissioner of Pensions rejected the
petitioner's application for a pension under the
general laws, on the ground that the proof wjp
insufficient to identify her husband with the James
Coon above mentioned, who was shown by the
record to have served nearly two years.
It appears from the records in the comptroller's
office that there were two individuals bearing the
name of James Coon on the roll of Warner's
regiment—one was a lieutenant, and the other
was denominated "fifer." The first application
of the petitioner to the Pension Office stated that
her husband enlisted as a private soldier at Hop-
kinton, Rhode Island. Her papers were found
defective, and it became necessary for her to seek
record evidence of the services of her husband.
She applied at the office of the comptroller of Con-
necticut, and received a certificate of the services
of James Coon, the lieutenant, which she pre-
sented to the Pension Office as proof of the ser-
vices of her husband. It was subsequently as-
certained that the lieutenant was a resident of
Salisbury, Connecticnt, and not of Hopkinton,
Rhode Island, where petitioner's husband resided
at the time of his enlistment. She was then noti-
fied that there was another James Coon attached
to Warner's regiment, who appeared by the rolls
to have been a musician. The Commissioner of
Pensions required her, in order to prove the iden-
tity of her husband with the James Coon last men-
tioned, to produce the testimony of" two or more
witnesses who were themselves in service with
him, and whose names were found on the same
rolls." This testimony could not be procured.
It will be observed that the petitioner was not
married to Coon until after the close of his ser-
vices in the army; that she resided, both before
and after the marriage, in the Stateof New York,
at a distance from the place of his enlistment and
services; and that he died nearly fifty years ago.
It is not surprising, therefore, that she should have
supposed that the first certificate of the comptrol-
ler related to the services of her husband.
The committee are satisfied of the services of
the petitioner's husband in the revolutionary war,
and of his identity with the James Coon last
mentioned.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
JOHN BRONSON.
Mr. BADGER. I objected, a short time since,
to the consideration of the bill for the relief of
John Bronson. I am satisfied that it is a very
meritorious bill. I therefore withdraw my ob-
jection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The objection
being withdrawn, the bill will be considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
WILLIAM DARBY.
The next bill on the Calendar, was one, reported
from the Committee on Claims, for the relief of
William Darby, which was read a second time.
It proposes to pay to William Darby $1,500 in
full compensation for his labor and materials fur-
nished in surveying and making a map of the Ter-
ritory of Louisiana, in the years 1812 and 1813.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear the report
read.
On motion, the Senate adjourned to Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 5, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was readand approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. EDGERTON. I would inquire of the
Chair whether the special order takes precedence,
this being Friday, over the Private Calendar?
The SPEAKER. The special order covers the
entire week. The business first in order before the
House is upon the agreement to certain amend-
ments reported to the House from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union to cer-
tain bills relating to the organized Territories.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the purpose of re-
suming territorial business.
Mr. BENSON. I ask the gentleman to waive
his motion for a moment, in order to afford me
the opportunity to present to the House some
resolutions passed by the Legislature of the State
of Maine.
Mr. LETCHER. I have no objection to do
so.
RESOLUTIONS OP STATE LEGISLATURES.
Mr. BENSON then asked and obtained the
unanimous consent of the House, and presented
joint resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
Maine, as follows:
1st. In favor of cheap ocean postage.
2d. In relation to certain proposed modifications
of the navigation laws of the United States, al-
lowances of bounties to fishing vessels, and recip-
rocal trade with the North American Colonies.
3d. In relation to the revenue laws of the United
States.
4th. In favor of the abolition of spirit rations in
the United States Navy.
Which were severally laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALLEY. Also, by unanimous consent,
presented to the House resolutions passed by the
Legislature of Massachusetts, in relation to, and
in favor of, establishing/oating schools for the edu-
cation of seamen; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CROCKER asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolution;
! which was read for information:
Resolved, That on Tuesday next the committees shall
be called and have leave to report bills of a private charac-
ter only, which, on being read a first and second time,
shall be referred to the Committee «f the Whole House
without debate.
Objection being made, the resolution was not
introduced.
Mr. LETCHER. I now submit my motion
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, with a
view to resume the consideration of territorial
business.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. LILLY. I rise to a question of privilege.
I move that when the House adjourns, it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Upon that motion
I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I would in-
quire of the Chair what number of territorial bills
yet remain to be acted upon ?
The SPEAKER. Some twelve or thirteen.
Mr. CAMPBELL. There is plenty of time
to consider them next week.
Mr. STEPHENS. I think we may as well
attend to this business this week.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is the special
order, and let us consider it now.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw that motion.
Mr. LILLY. I cannot.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Lilly's
motion, and decided in the negative—yeas 57,
nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Ball, Benson,
Bugg, Campbell, Chribman, Cook, Corwin, Cox, Crocker,
Cullom, Cutting, Dick, Dickinson, Disney, Thomas D. Ei-
lot, Fiacier, Franklin, Green, Harrison, Howe, Hunt,
Daniel T.Jones, Kittredge, Knox, Letcher, Lilly, McCul-
loch, Mace, Matteson, Murray, Norton, Parker, Peck ham,
Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Riddle, David Ritchie, Sapp,
Seward, Simmons, Gerrit Smith, Snodgrass, Richard II.
Stanton, Hector L. Stevens, John L. Taylor, Tracy, Up-
ham, Wade, Waibridge, Walker, Walley, Walsh, Israel
i Washburn, Tappan Wentvvorth, and Wheeler—57.
I NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, David J. Bailey, Barks-
' dale, Boyce, Breckinridge, Carpenter, Caskie, Clark, Cling
1 man, Cobb, Curtis, John G. Davis, Drum, Dunbar, Eddy,
| Edgerton, Edinundson, John M. Elliott, Ellison, Feriton,
Gamble, Greenwood, Hamilton, Sampson W.Harris, Henn,
Houston, Hughes, Ingersoll,George W. Jones, Kerr, Kurtz,
Lane, Lmdbley, Macdonald, McDougall, McNair, Meach-
am, Middleswartft, Smith Miller, Millson, Noble, Olds,
Mordeeai Oliver, Orr, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Pow-
ell, Pratt, Puryear, Ready, Reese, Richardson, UutSn,
Russell, Seymour, Shower, Samuel A. Smith, William R,
Smith, George W. Smyth, Alexander H. Stephens^Strat-
ton, Andrew Stuart, John J. Taylor, Nathaniel <3. Taylor,
Thurston, Trout, Vail, Ellihu b. Washbume, Wells, John
Wentworth, Hendrick B. Wright, and Zollieoffer—73.
So the House refused to adjourn over till Mon-
day.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Lbtch-
er's motion; and decided in the affirmative.
So the rules were suspended.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on thestate of the Union,
(Mr. Phelps in the chair.)
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee was
last in session it had under consideration the bill
of the House No. 317, entitled " A bill to estab-
lish the office of surveyor general of Utah, to
grant donations of lands to actual settlers therein,
and for other purposes." The amendments pend-
ing were to strike out the last proviso of the third
section, and to strike out all after the word " per-
son;" the latter submitted by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Letcher.]
Mr. LETCHER. I will modify my amend-
ment so that, if adopted, the section will read thus:
That the benefits of the second and third sections of
this act shall not extend to any person.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is oil
the adoption of the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia, as amended.
Mr. DISNEY. I wish to say a word 
The CHAIRMAN. Further debate is not in
order. Debate on the amendment was exhausted
on the amendment before the committee rose last
evening.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Has the gentleman
the right to modify his amendment after debate
on it has been exhausted ?
The CHAIRMAN. He has the right.
Mr. DISNEY. In order to say a word, I shall
move an amendment merely as matter of form.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia is one in the second de-
gree.
Mr. DISNEY. Will the Chair allow me to
suggest that it is only an amendment in the first
degree, because, on a motion to strike out, it is in
order to move to amend the part proposed to be
stricken out. Now, the original motion here was
to strike out the proviso. The motion of the
gentleman from Virginia is not an amendment in
the second degree, not an amendment to the mo-
tion to strike out, but an amendment touching the
subject-matter proposed to be stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
will proceed. The Chair was too hasty in his
decision.
Mr. DISNEY. I move a wo forma amend-
ment. Yesterday I explained, Mr. Chairman, as
far as this question was concerned, that I felt
little or no interest in if I stated, that in the bill
which I originally submitted to the Committee on
Public Lands, there was nothing said in relation
to Mormons. I felt it to be my duty to explain
yesterday, as did the Delegate from Utah, that,
by custom and statutory law of that Territory,
polygamy was recognized there.
Mr. LETCHER. Read the law, and let us
hear what it is. Members would like to know it.
Mr. DISNEY. It can be read when I have
concluded.
Mr. HUNT. Mr. Chairman, I call for the
reading of the law, in order that the gentleman's
time may not be consumed.
The CHAIRMAN. When the gentleman from
Ohio has concluded his remarks, the law will be
read at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. HUNT. We can understand his remarks
better if the law be read first.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman had better
have it read now. We shall be able £o understand
his remarks better after we have heard the law.
Mr. DISNEY, Well, I will send it to the
Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read the law; which is as follows:
"The homestead, occupied by the wife, or any portion
of the family of the deceased at the time of his death, shall
in all cases be held free to the use of the wife and f&milyof
the deceased, and shall not be liable to any claim or claims
against said estate; and if there be other property remaining
after the liabilities of the estate are liquidated, then itdi&II,
in the absence of other arrangements by will, descend in
equal shares to his children, or their heirs; one share to
such heirs through the mother of such children, if she shall
