1968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27.
Mr. BRODHEAD. How much per day?
Mr. DAWSON. I do riot know that their
salary was $9,000 per annum and an outfit, and
we have raised it. But why does the Senator
ask that question ? Is it an argument in favor of
raising the salaries of men who are not employed
from one day to the other? ,Not at all. The rea-
son why I, resist this proposition is this: The
General Government is now raising the salaries of
the officers whom they have the power to appoint
in the different States to such a degree, that the
salaries allowed by the States to their officers are
being degraded. I have adopted it as a rule,
that I should vote for giving to no district judge
in any one of the States a higher salary than the
chief justice of that State receives; for I have no
idea of letting the General Government bid off,
and take the most elevated characters in the State,
merely because Congress may be able to give them
a larger salary. That is the reason of my action.
I have voted for the increase of salaries in Califor-
nia. The Senator may ask me why I did that.
I have done it because the expenses there are so
extravagant. But the day is soon coming when
a man wilt be able to live there as cheaply as he
does here; and when that day arrives, I venture
to say that the Senator from California will not
ask for an increase of salaries to a point higher
than are given in the other Stales. It is a mere
temporary inconvenience, which does not exist in
Philadelphia. A judge of the supreme court in-
Pennsylvama receives nothing like the amount
proposed to be given to these officers, and he is
engaged from morning to night, nearly every day,
either in the court-house or in his private cham-
bers. I have looked over the salaries of the offi-
cers of various States, and I find nothing to jusiify
an increase of what is given to the director and
superintendent of the Mint. My friend, Dr.
Sturgeon, for whom 1 have the greatest possible
respect, served many years as Secretary of State
in Pennsylvania, where his duties were much more
continuous and arduous, and required much more
devoted attention than the duties of his present
office.
Mr. COOPER. He was not Secretary of State.
Mr. DAWSON. What then?
Mr. COOPER. Treasurer.
Mr. DAWSON. As ireasurer of the State
his duties were much more arduous than those
which he has to perform now. I should sooner
see him have this increase than almost any other
man in Pennsylvania; but 1 object to the pi inciple.
As to the superintendent of the mint in Georgia,
I might ask you to raise his salary upon the same
principle; but I do not think he deserves it, be-
cause he gets now more than the officers of the
Stale of Georgia generally get.
Mr. COOPER. 1 do not like to find myself in
opposition to Die chairman of the Committee on
Finance, whenever I fan vote with him; but I
must vote in favor of this amendment, and 1 de-
sire to say a word in reply to the remarks of the
Senator from Georgia.
I do not think his argument has much force in
it. He asks how much we pay our Governor,
and how much we pay our oiher executive and
judicial officers who are engaged in the discharge
of their respective duties in Pennsylvania. My
colleague answered that we pay our Governor
$3,500. We pay him but $3,000. We did pay
him $4,000, until a spirit of' demagogism, de-
signed to elevate certain individuals in the popu-
lar favor, swept over the State, and reduced the
salaries below a respectable grade. But, sir, is
the amendment which is proposed unreasonable?
! shall not argue it further than the State of Penn-
sylvania is concerned; but 1 am sure the proposi-
tion is not unreasonable. The Senator is very
widely mistaken in regard to the duties incum-
bent upon the treasurer of the Mint. They are
•very large and most responsible. As my col-
league has informed the Senate, he gives bonds,
in pursuance of law, to the amount of $300,000.
The Senator from Georgia tells you that that is
nothing; that every man is honest. But the law ex-
acts the bond He has been obliged to give it, and
it was with difficulty that he did give it; and let me
te.'l the Senator that a number of gentlemen de-
clined this very offioe. How many, my colleague
can tell; three I think, two I know declined it,
because of the inadequacy of the salary, and the
largeness of the security demanded. He has to
discharge the duties, onerous in themselves, of
treasurer of the Mint; he pays all the pension cer-
tificates drawn on the office at Philadelphia, and
he has other duties besides.
Now, sir, I know something of his duties from
a conversation which I had with him;and 1 know
what the duties of a State treasurer are; and there
is no comparison between the two. The duties of
his office are perhaps as onerous, and indeed more
onerous, I believe, than the duties of any other
officer, State or National, within the limits of
Pennsylvania. The director has far less duties,
and they are less responsible, although the office is
higher, and a higher salary has been attached to it.
Now, I am sure that anybody who will undertake
to examine the character of the duties incumbent
upon the treasurer will not say that they require
less mind, although it may be of a different kind
than that which is applied to the adjudication of
the rights of individuals and States. It requires
as high a degree of talent to discharge the duties
of that station as it does to discharge the duties
of chief justice of the State. The talents required
for the two offices are of a different kind; but, sir,
they both require talents of a high character, in
order to discharge the duties satisfactorily. Dr.
Sturgeon possesses that kind of talent in an emi-
nent degree. He was not a man who shone here,
although he was universally esteemed; but he is
a man whose financial abilities, whose honesty
and integrity every man confides in. He ought
to be paid for the duties which he performs. 1
have no doubt that theamendment is equally just,
as applied to the other officers who&e salaries it
raises.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall talce the
question. I understand it is the intention of the
Senate to sit this bill out to-day.
Mr. WELL.ER. I have an amendment to pro-
pose to the amendment. I know of no other
place to which it more properly applies than here.
I think it will commend itself to the favorable con-
sideration,of my friend from Georgia. It simply
proposes to give an adequate compensation to an
officer in California, who is literally starved out
under the existing law. It provides that he shall
be allowed the same compensation that is paid for
similar services under the laws of that State. It
is as follows:
The feps and compensation of the marshal in California
shall correspond wuh the fees and ccropensation allowed
to sheriffs or other officers lor similar services in ihe courts
of that Htate.
I offer that amendment.
Mr BRODHEAD. That can come in as a
separate and independent proposition.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose there is not a State
in the Union in which there is not some ground
for Senators' saying that the marshal's fees should
be increased. If this amendment in regard to
marshals in California be agreed to, Senators from
all the other States will feel it their duty to offer
amendments m relation to theirs. This proposes
to apply to the marshal m California what 1 under-
stand was the old law in regard to marshals, but
repealed by the late one. I believe we shall have
to make some general provision in.regard to mar-
shals, but it cannot be done on this bill.
Mr. WELLER. I think we have been prom-
ised for the last two or three years that the in-
convenience and hardship, to which I have al-
luded, should be removed. But the reform spoken
of by the Senator from Virginia is like some of
my reforms. They are a day ahead of me, and
retain their position. I can never find a proper
time at which to correct these evils. I know an
instance myself in which the marshal in Califor-
| nia was required, under the law, to perform ser-
[ vices which were absolutely necessary, and in
j which he expended some $400 or $500. Every
i Senator who would examine the account would
! be perfectly satisfied with the propriety of every
| item in it; and under the law as it now stands he
j is entitled to some forty dollars. It is utterly im-
j possible to obtain any responsible man to dis-
! charge the duties of the office of marshal in Cal-
ifornia for a less compensation than is paid to our
! sheriffs. The fair and legitimate presumption is,
; that the State Legislature, who have the keeping
i of the public money in their hands, will take the
care of fixing the rates of compensation for their
i public officers at the lowest point at which they
^ can be fixed. In California there has been re-
[! cently a great reduction in the fees allowed to some
i.1 of the public officers. Under the law of 1850,
the fees of nearly all the civil officers were much
higher than they are now*, but the people'having
turned their attention to the subject, through the
Legislature, they reduced the fees of the sheriffs
ana all the other officers to the lowest point at
which their services can be commanded. All I
propose is, that for similar services the marshal of
the United States shall be allowed the same com-
pensation as, under the State law, is allowed to
sheriffs. I know, sir, thai there are some States
in the Union where the State laws allow a much
smaller amount than the law of the United States
allows a marshal. I first inclined to the opinion
that the better course was to introduce a general
proposition allowing the marshals in all the States
the same amount of fees as are allowed to sheriffs
for similar services; but I understand the opera-
tion -of that would be to reduce the fees of the
marshals in som^ of the New England Slates.
Therefore, I have introduced the amendment in
relation to this pJAular instance, in which 1
know the grossest Wjustice is done to an active,
efficient, and energetic public officer. Whenever
the Senator from Virginia comes forward and pro-
poses to correct any defects that exist in the mar-
shal's fees in the State of Virginia, he shall have
my support. I will go with him to correct abuses
wherever I find them, and I will attack them
whenever they are presented.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The original amendment
relates to the officers of the Mint and sub-treas-
urers. The amendment of the Senator from
California to that amendment, relates to marshals.
It ought to be a separate section. It is not a
germane amendment. I therefore hope he will
permit us to take a vote on the amendment offered
by his colleague.
Mr. JOHNSON. In regard to this matter of
marshals, 1 have no doubt in the world that there
is justice in the suggestions of the Senator from
California, and I do believe that when the rates
of fees were established for them, there was an
outrage committed upon that particular branch
of the service. I know, sir, that in my State
that is the case; I should, therefore, be glad to see
something done in reference to the whole matter;
but as to taking up this isolated single proposition
I will not agree to it. I believe, that our legisla-
tion throughout this session, in regard to salaries,
showing a general spirit of increase, is altogether
distinguished by the most extraordinary ine-
quality, and by the most exceptionable manner.
1 think that it ought to be done with some regu-
larity. I presented, at the commencement of this
session, petitions asking for a revision of the fees
in these cases in my State, and also introduced a
resolution which was passed, and referred to the
Judiciary Committee, from which committee I
have never heard in regard to these matters, nor
in regard to the salaries of the judges of the dis-
trict courts.
The proposition to which the Senator from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Weller.] has proposed his amend-
ment, is to increase the pay of the treasurer and
superintendent of the Mint. 1 understand that
$4,500 a year is the salary that is proposed to be
given to the treasurer of the Mint. Well, sir,
that is all going wrong; I do think most solemnly
$4,500 a year is a large amount.
Mr. BRODHEAD. For the treasurer of the
Mint?
Mr. JOHNSON. For the treasurer of the
Mint $4,500 is ample, and ought to be satisfac-
tory. I understood the Senator to say that it was
$4,500.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I know that my friend
from Arkansas wants to be right. Dr. Sturgeon
is at present treasurer of the Mint at Philadel-
phia. He is also Assistant Treasurer of the United
States, and therefore has the control of about
$60,000,000. He is also the person who pays pen-
sions. For all these services he now receives
$4,000, and for them all we propose to give him
$4,500.
Mr. JOHNSON. Do all these services belong
to one office, or different offices conferred on the
same individual ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. They are different offipes
which, by this amendment, are put in one.
Mr. JOHNSON. They are different offices to
which the same individual is appointed; the gross
amount of receipts that he has from all is what?
Mr. BRODHEAD. It is now $4,000. It is
proposed to make it $4,500.
