1970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
Without making, however, any specific increase
of salary, I propose this amendment to the amend-
ment, so that the salaries of the assayer, melter,
and refiner of the branch Mint at New Orleans,
shall be increased twenty per cent, on the amount
now allowed by law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairun-
derstarxds that the amendment of the Senator from
Louisiana is an amendment to the amendment of
the Senator from California.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir. I will state,
however, that the salary of the superintendent of
the Mint at New Orleans, as proposed to be in-
creased by the proposition of the Senator from
California, is too great. He proposes to give him
$4,000 per annum. I prefer that the increase
should be taken from the superintendent's salary,
and that this diminution should be added to the
inferior officers. I propose, therefore, a further
amendment to place the salary of the superin-
tendent of the Mint at New Orleans at $3,000,
and that these inferior officers be increased twenty
per cent. That will save as much on one as we
give to the others.
Mr. SLIDELL. I understand the Senator from
California to have stricken out the treasurer at
New Orleans, because his amendment, as offered,
in fact reduced his salary from what it now is.
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWSON. Will the Senator from Cali-
fornia be kind enough to say whether Ihe officers
of the Mints in North Carolina and Georgia are
also increased?
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Secretary of the
Treasury did not recommend thern.
Mr. DAWSON. Then the doctrine is, I sup-
pose, that the Secretary of the Treasury is to
govern all the legislation of the country.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My amendment is to make
the salary of the superintendent of the Mint at
New Orleans $3,000, and to increase the salaries
of the inferior officers twenty per cent.
Mr. GWIN. I am willing to agree to that.
Mr. DAWSON". Do I understand that the
Secretary of the Treasury also recommends the
increase of salaries proposed by my friend from
Louisiana?
Mr. GWIN. No, sir. I was going to make
that statement. I have no objection to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Louisiana; but it goes
outside of the estimates of Secretaries of the
Treasury; and 1 um now acting entirely on the
estimates sent from the office. I agree in every-
thing that the Senator from Louisiana has said;
but if he wishes to accomplish his object, I think
he had better watt until the next session, and get
estimates for this purpose from the head of the
Department. If you vary from the estimates at
all, you run the risk of losing the whole.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish to ask whether we
consider ourselves bound here by the rules of the
body in such a way as that we cannot increase
the salaries of the officers of tlie Government
until a recommendation for the purpose comes to
us from the Treasury Department.'
Mr. GWIN. It is not in order, unless it comes
from a Department, or from a committee.
Mr. BADGER. Allow me to suggest to my
friend, that he can move to increase the salary of
every officer of the Government without the au-
thority of a committee, or that of the head of a
Department; but he cannot move to make an ap-
propriation for that purpose witiioutthat sanction.
That is the rule.
Mr. DAWSON. I want to know if a proposi-
tion depends upon the request ofaheadofa Depart-
ment; for instance, the Secretary of the Treasury ?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWSON. I never understood that to
be the construction of the rule; but if it be so, )
desire to know who recommended the increase of
the salaries of the judges of the Supreme Court?
What Department recommended that? This, sir,
is strange legislation, confining ourselves in the
powers of this body as a part of the legislative
branch of the Government, and especially in the
appropriation of money, to what the heads of De-
partments may have recommended.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish the Senate to un-
derstand the precise question. The Senator from
California offered an amendment, by which the
salary of the superintendent of the branch Mint
at New Orleans was increased to $4,000. Be-
lieving that it is better to increase the salaries of
the inferior officers, my motion is simply to take
off §1,000 from the proposed salary of the super-
intendent, and divide it among the inferior officers,
who are inadequately paid. I do not propose to
increase the appropriation at all.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the question then was on the amendment;
as amended, as follows:
Sec. —. •find be it further enacted, That from find after
the 30th of June, 1854, the annual salary of the Director of
theMintshall be $5,000; that of the superintendent of the
branch of the1 Mint, and of the assistant treasurer of the
United States at San Francisco, California, $6,000 each;
that of the superintendent of the assay office at New York,
and of the assistant treasurer at Philadelphia, Pennsylva-
nia, #4,500 ; that of the superintendent of the branch Mint
at New Orleans, Louisiana, $3,000; that of the trea«urerat
Boston, Massachusetts, $4,000; and that of the assistant
treasurer at Charleston, South Carolina, §3,000: Prowdcd,
That it shall be their further duty, when deaignatcd hy the
President of the United States, to perform the service now
authorized by law to be done, by agents for paying pen-
sions, or any other additional duties that may be required,
without other greater aggregate measure of compensation
than is herein provided, and that the salaries of the assayer,
comer, welter, and refiner, in the branch Mint at NewUr-
leans*, be increased twewy per centum over the amount
now allowed them by law.
Mr. HUNTER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 11, nays 29; aa follows:
YEAS—Messrs Benjamin, Brodhead, Cooper, Dodge of
Iowa, Gwin, Petrit, Shields, Shdell, Sumner, Thom&on
of New Jersey, and Wellcr—I •.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen. Bright, Chase, Dawson,
J)odg« of VViseotnin, Douglas, Rvans, Fessenden, Fitz-
patriek, Foot, Geyer, Gillette, Houston, IHunter, James,
Johnson, Jon^s of Tennessee, Mason, faorris, Pearce,
Hockwell, liu>k, Sebat-tian, Stuart, Thompson of Ken- j
tucky, Toombs, Wade, and Walker—29. j
So the amendment waa rejected. j
Mr. WELLER. I now move,as an additional ;
section, the amendment which I offered a short I
time ago, and which I then withdrew. The .
Senate have already decidcd, so far as my State is j
concerned, that two public officers shall be starved j
out. i am anxious to see whether they are also j
determined that the marshals shall be starved out.
I have no objection to modify the amendment, so
that it shall apply to all the States, so as to allow
the same fees that are allowed to sheriffs and
similar officers of the higher courts of the States.
I do not ask that my State shall have any par-
ticular advantages over any other State of this
Union. 1 know that the Legislature of California,
in fixing the fees of these public officers, was as
economical as any Legislature in the Union, arid
surely you do not expect, that your Federal officers
there shall perform public duties for one fourth
what is allowed by the State laws to State officers
for similar services. I am not an advocate for
large salaries, nor should I propose to increase
the compensation of any of these officers, if I were
not satisfied of the fact that it is absolutely in-
dispensable. Look, if you please, at your judges
in California. You pay the district judge of the
United States for the northern district of Cali-
fornia, $3,500 a year, while the circuit judges of
the State receive $7,5(10, and the judges of the
supreme court of the State $10,000 a year. 1
undertake to say thatthe Legislature of California
i would have reduced the compensation of ail these
j officers if they could obtain competent men to fill
! them for leas. All we now ask is, that you will
i give to the marshals m California the same com-
| pensation that is paid by the State authorities for
i similar services there, and that you ought to be
| willing to do.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
! lows: :;
! Sec. —. Jlnd be. it further enacted, That the fees and I
! compensation allowed the marshals <*f the United States! I
for the northern and vmtlit'tn districts of California, and
to the mar>hnlsiti all the State®, «holl correspond with the
> fees and compensation allowed by State laws to bheriffs
or otlier ofheers tor similar set vices in the higher courts
| of those States.
I Mr. FITZPATRICK. I concur in what has
j been said by the honorable Senator from Califor-
i nia, in reference to the inadequacy of the com-
gensation allowed to the marshals of the United
tates. It will be recollected that at an early pe-
1 riod of the session I submitted a memorial on
i the subject, and had it referred to the Committee
| on the judiciary, and at that time I called their
! special attention to the subject; and other Senators
| also made suggestions in regard to it. From the
| intimations thrown out on that occasion, I am
j perfectly satisfied that the law regulating the com*
1 pensation of marshals needs revision. I know it
was intended to cut down the enormous fees which
had been allowed in gome of the large cities, and
was intended to protect the inhabitants of these
cities from peculation; but the effect has been to
cut down the compensation in some of the States
to such a low point that it is almost impossible to
get men to discharge the duties of the offices. If
it is the sense of the Senate that the compensation
of the marshals of California shall be increased,!
shall feel it to be my duty totiffer an amendment
providing for an increase of the compensation of
the marshals in my State.
But, sir, there is a reason which prompts me
to withold my support from this amendment. I do
not concur in the propriety of loading down this
bill. Ills out of place, and altogether improper,
in my estimation, to attempt to ingraft on this bill
amendments of this character. The question
raised hy the amendment is now pending before
the Judiciary. Committee; and 1 trust that at the
next session, if notattliis, we shall be able to
agree upon soqpe proposition by which we shall
increase the compensation of these officers to a
proper amount by a general and not a partial
system of legislation. Under this view of the
subject I shall be constrained to vote against this
amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My friend from Alabama
talks about loading down this bill. Let me ask
him whether he did not vote for the increase of
the salaries of the judges of the Supreme Court ?
Mr. FITZPATR1CK. I did not.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 am satisfied.
Mr. ADAMS. I hope the Senator from Cali-
fornia will modify his amendment so as to restore
it to what it formerly was, and not include other
States than his own. The existing law gives to
the marshal in Mississippi almost double what
the State laws allow to sheriffs, and yet it is a
very poor compensation to the marshal. I pre-
sume it is so in nearly all the Statps; so that by
his amendment, as it now stands, instead of in-
creasing, you will greatly diminish the compensa-
tion of the marshals. They have but few pro-
cesses to serve, and have no perquisites but those
embraced in the fee bill. You will, therefore, by
this amendment, ruin the business of the marshals.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 trust the Senator from
California will restore his amendment to what it
was before. If I am to vote for the amendment
at all, I should prefer it in its original state, be-
cause' I believe injustice will be done by including
all the other States, my own among the number.
I will also say to my friend from California, that
I think he is mistaken in supposing that out of
the maximum of $10,000 allowed to the marshal,
he has to pay his deputies and all the expenses of
his office. If the Senator will reflect on it, I think
he will perceive that the $10,000 is the maximum
beyond which the marshal cannot receive, and
that all the expenses of the office are first to be
paid. I will say nothing against allowing the
marshals in California what the State officers re-
ceive for similar services, because 1 know that
their duties there must be arduous. But I simply
protest against including in the same proposition -
all the other States, because it will be a reduction
instead of an increase.
Mr. WELLER. I did not wish to modify my
amendment by including all the other States. I
merely suggested that if it were more acceptable
to the Senate, I would agree to that; but 1 did not
modify it myself. I therefore strike out the
words 14 and to the marshals of all the States,"
so as to confine it simply to the marshals in Cali-
fornia. Now, let me say to my friend from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Fitzpatrick,] that at the last session
of Congress my colleague and myself were as
well satisfied as we are now that the fee bill was
an iniquitous one, and would work a great injus-
tice to a large number of meritorious officers.
We were told, however, that the last session was
too short to allow a remedy, and now this is too
long a one! Sir, I should like to know when my
friend from Alabama will soberly and seriously
set himself to work to correct this crying abuse?
At the last session of Congress, nothing could be
accomplished because the session was too short.
Now we have had some eight months, and here,
at the close of this session, it is said that at the
next session we can correct this evil ! Well, sir,
the next session, so far as reform is concerned,
will never come. As regards my own State, my
anxiety is to save a useful public officer, and place
