1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
the time of her admission into the Uuion, and the
United States.
In this agreement, every body of understanding
can perceive—and the fact is sufficiently pet forth
in the act itself, so as to permit of no doubt—that
Indiana was to have conveyed to her—as had been
conveyed before to the State of Ohio, and as was
subsequently conveyed to every one of the north-
western States—two separate and distinct town-
ships of land, to be subject to the Legislature of
the State, and to be applied to a specific purpose.
Now, sir, is this contract to be evaded by the
fact that the General Government had appropriated
the same land to other parties for other-purposes,
even though those other parties are citizens of
Indiana? I apprehend not; for besides it will'be
discovered, by the most casual observer, that the
purposes to which this land was to be appro-
priated by this Vmcennes University, are in some
respect different—entirely different from the pur-
poses to which it has been applied under the di-
rection of the State Legislature—as in this, for
instance: The State University lias regulations
and provisions by which gratuitous education is
given to youth, which the Vmcennes University
has not. And I am also reminded that the State
University is not sectarian in its character, while
the other University differs from it in both these
respects. It has no gratuitous education provided
for youth, and it is sectarian in its character.
But even if these differences did not exist, still
the possession of this township on the part of a
private association could not be a good plea on
the part of the United States against the claim of
the State of Indiana, set up legally, legitimately,
and fairly under the terms of the contract, and
under the act of Congress by which that State
became one of the members of this Confederacy.
There stands the contract; and not only is this
right to the land in question expressed on the face
of the contract, but the grant itself is in conso-
nance with the same kind of contract entered into
by the General Government with the other north-
western States of the Union. And, Mr. Chair-
man, upon the general principles of equity—put-
ting aside the special purposes to which this grant
was to be applied—the General Government
would be bound to extend to the State of Indiana I
the same provision, and to the same extent, which
it has done to the other States of the Union in
like cases.
Now, Mr. Chairman, to proceed to consider
another aspect of this case. The appropriation
of this first grant of a township of land, was not
made by the citizens of the State of Indiana. It
was done by the citizens of the Territory of In-
diana; and all right on the part of the State of
Indiana, or control on the part of the United States,
had passed away before the State of Indiana had
an existence.
The grant had been made by the General Gov-
ernment. The State of Indiana took no interest
by virtue of the act. It was made for the special
purposes of education. And this donation, which
was intended on one part to be given, and sup-
posed on the other part to be received—in re-
lation to this township of land—had no existence.
The parties misunderstood the fact, and there was
no township of land there to be appropriated.
And hence, sir, one of the conditions stipulated
and set forth in that act, on the admission of the
State of Indiana into the Union, failing to be per-
formed, Indiana has now a legal right to come
before Congress and ask us to keep our contract.
Mr. HIESTER. "Will the gentleman from
Ohio give way to me for a moment, that I may
make a motion for the committee to rise?
Mr. DISNEY. I will be through in one mo-
ment, and the gentleman can then make the mo-
tion he purposes. I confess, Mr. Chairman, that
generally I do not like this sort of contingent le-
gislation—legislation which is to depend on the
happening of some futnreevent—to depend on the
action of other individuals than those constituting
the Legislature of the Union. Now, sir, it has
been held by our judicial courts that a legislative
act, depending for its force and operation on the
action of parties other than those composing the
Legislature itself, is not a legislative act, and is
not a law enacted by the competent authority; and
I suggest a doubt whether an act of the sort which
this would be, if the suggested amendments art-
adopted, would lie a valid and constitutional act:
that is to say, if you make the grant and the se-
lection of this tract of land dependent upon the act
of other parties, whether it is within the constitu-
tional competency of this Congress lo pass it. I
think not.
Mr. COBB. My object in rising is to move
that ihe committee rise, for the purpose of intro-
ducing a resolution to close debate, in order that
we may some time get to an end of this matter.
We haveconsumed the wholeday in discussing it.
Mr. LETCHER, (interrupting.) Willthegen-
tleman allow me to make a suggestion to him ?
Mr. COBB. No, sir; I know what it is. But
if the House will take avoteupon the subject now,
I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. BISSELL. i ask that the amendment of
the gentleman from Viiginia [Mr. Millson] may
be read.
The amendment was accordingly again read.
Mr. BISSELL. 1 have an amendment to offer
to that amendment, which I think will be accept-
able all around. It is:
Providedfwither, Tliat tlie State of Indiana may cause
the land to Lie selected ai once, and that tlie Secretary of
the Inferior, on being nottfifd by the Governor of Indiana,
atany time, that the selection of the land heteni provided to
be donated has been made by the pioper authorities ot that
State, shall theteupon withdraw and refer v'e such land from
sale, until the termination of said suit.
Mr. ORR. That is entirely acceptable to me.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Millson] moved the amendment.
Does he accept the modification ?
Mr. BISSELL. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will accept it.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to say only a word,
j The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
J gima [Mr. Letcher] was recognized by the Chair. t
. Mr. LETCHER. We have heard enough of
j this bill to satisfy us that the House knows noth-
I ing about it; and it will be well for us to read the
| debates upon this subject, as they will be pub-
| lished m the newspapers. There is a great difler-
| ence of opinion now, and by a week's delay, and
j a week's examination of this debate, we cam get
( at the facts of the case, and then take up the mat-
j ter and dispose of it in a sensible and prudent
i way. I do not think that can be done now. Be-
| sides, the House is thin, there being only few
| more than a quorum of the members piesent, and,
i upon a vote upon such a proposition as this, there
i ought to be a full House. *
I 1 move that the committee rise,
j Mr. MILLSON. I hope the gentleman will
1 withdraw his motion for a moment.
; Mr. LETCHER. I will withdraw it in favor
i of my colleague.
I Mr. MILLSON. I desire to say, in reply to
' the gentleman from Illinois, that I cannot accept
1 of his amendment, though perfectly willing to do
i so as far as I am concerned. My reasons are
| simply these: It will be recollected that I stated
j some time ago, that although the amendment I
! proposed would render the bill more acceptable to
i me than it is in its present shape, yet I should
I feel constrained to vote against the bill, even if my
. own amendment were adopted; for I stated that
I the institution ot the State of Indiana had received
i all the benefit Congress intended to grant to her,
j and, this beingasimple question between two col-
I legiate institutions, 1 could not consent to \ote for
! the bill, even if my own amendment were adopt-
: ed, although I thought it was perfectly obvious
that the amendment should be adopted. It was
for that leason that I declined to accept the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. I now move that the com-
i mittee rise.
j The question was then taken upon Mr.'LETCH-
1 er's motion, and a division being had, there were
i —ayes 45; noes not counted.
| Mr. CHANDLER demanded tellers; which
| were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of Alabama,
! and Vail were appointed.
| The question was again put, and the tellers re-
! ported—ayes 49, noes 67.
! So the committee refused to rise.
| The question was taken,and the amendment to
' the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
, of the amendment as amended; and being taken,
i' was decided in the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
|] The CHAIRMAN. If there be vo objection, :|
jl the bill, as amended, will be laid tiyide to be re- jj
]'ported to the House. ||
Mr. WALSH. I object. " 1 .
Mr. HENDRICKS. If it be necessary to
make the motion, I move that the bill be laidaside,
to be reported to the House, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass.
Mr. ASHE. Imovethatthecommitteedo pow
rise. 1 do it because it is evident that there is no
quorum in the committee, and I do not wish to
have final action upon a bill of so much importance
as this, with less than, or barely a quorum.
The CHAIRMAN. The vote lately taken
showed that a quorum was present.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I rise to a question of
order. 1 submit that no business has intervened
since the committee refused to rise. 1 ask that the
vote may be taken upon my motion that the bill
be laid aside to be reported to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
sufficient business has intervened to make the mo-
tion of the gentleman from North Cai*olina in
order.
Mr. WALSH. What is the question ^before
the committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. WALSH. Is it that the committee rise
and report the bill to the House?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not. It is "Upon the
simple motion that the committee rise.
Mr. WALSH. This matter has been debated
at such immense length, that nobody understands
it, [a laugh,] and 1 do not want the committee to
take final action upon it to-day.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative—ayes 54, noes 67.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the bill been
laid aside ?
The CHAIRMAN. It has not.
Mr. JONES. I move, then, that the committee
do now rise and report the bill, with the amend-
ments, to the House.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr.
Wright) reported that the Committee of the
Whole House had had the Private Calendar gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly the
joint resolution of the Senate (No.2) to indem-
nify the State of Indiana for the failure of title to
a township of land granted to said State on her
admission into the Union in 1816." and had
directed him to reportthe same to the House, with
an amendment, and with a recommendation that,
as amended, itxlo pass.
Mr. KEITT. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
.Mr. FULLER. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and hays were not ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then put; and, on a division,
there were—ayes 99, noes 27.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. DtJNHAM moved the previous question
on the bill.
Tne previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
bill upon the table.
Mr. McMULLIN moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put; and, on a division, there
were—ayes 68, noes 57.
So the motion was agreed to, and the House there-
upon (at twenty-five minutes before four o'clock)
adjourned till Monday, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
. Monday, February 13, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
My. BRIGHT. Will the Secretary please read
a note which I have received from the President
of the Senate?
The Secretary read, as follows:
Washington, February 13,1854.
Dear Sir : Will you do me the favor to preside in the
Senate* to-dav ? IIAVIIJ It. A-TCIilfcON.
Hon. J D. Thiifed Slater Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. If there be no objection, I will
