mi
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
an isolated case, and I hope it will be provided for
on its Own merits. I am, sir, sorry that I have
had to support my colleague in his amendment to
add this to the amendment of the Senator from
California; but I feel constrained to support it in
that mode; and f hope it will be adopted.
Mr. ,GWiN. Mr. President, the. difference
between" the two cases is, that the Senator from
Arkansas proposes a "permanent increase of the
salary of the district Judge in that State,-whereas
the proposition I make is to give increased com-
pensation to the judges in California per annum,
just so long as Congress chooses to give this com-
pensation tor extra services rendered. It is only
to be paid from year to year, as appropriated by
Congress. It is for additional services, not con-
nected with the general question of judicial salaries
at all. i did not want to introduce the subject of
increased judicial salaries, because 1 knew that
would break down of its own weight as an amend-
ment to this bill; but these are isolated cases.
My proposition is to pay for duties imposed on
the district judges in California by the act of
March 3, 1851, to settle private land claims in
California,and not included in the act to establish
judicial districts in that State, which was passed
* in September, 1850. It is well known that that
bill, as it passed the Senate, established the salary
' of the judge of the northern district of California
* at $61000, and of the southern district at $4,000.
It was amended in the House, so as to allow the
salaries which are now paid. When it came back
to usfrom the House, the member ot the'Judicmry
Committee, who had it in charge, [Mr. Dayton, of
New Jersey,] appealed to the Senators from Cal-
ifornia to accept that; and said there could be no
doubt that the salaries would be increased the
next yeai; but from that day 'to this we have
never been able to get an increase. It was an
entirely insufficient salary, and I declared, then,
that I was opposed to giving less that $6,000 for
the judge of the northern district of California.
Every member of the Senate knows that I pro-
tested against fixing the salaries at the rate at
which they wfere then established; but now we
have put additional duties on these judges, and I
ask no increased salary for them, but simply
additional compensation for the additional duties
imposed on them by the act of March 3, 1851.
Mr. WELLER. I have'but a f^w1 words to
say in addition to what has been so well said by
my colleague. There is nothing now operating so
detrimentally on the interests of California as the
"unsettled condition of land titles. There has not
been a single mail from that State opened in this
£ity during the last three months, which h^s not
brought intelligence of violence and bloodshed,
growing out of these difficulties; • In every por-
tion of the Slate there has already been a vast
amount of bloodshed because of the unsettled con-
dition of land titles there. It is a contest between
the claimant and the settler. The settler will not
yield that which he has cultivated, until the high-
est tribunal kriown to your laws, has finally con-
firmed the validity of the original claim.
Now, the law imposes on the district judges in
California, the duty of passing on these land
claims. You established aboard of land commis-
sioners; you allowan appeal from theirdecision to
the district court, and from (he district court to the
supreme court. 1 know that the judge of the
northern district of California, in the discharge of
the duties which already belong to'his office, is
constantly employed. I do not see for myself,
how it is possible for the judge of the northern
district to discharge the duties imposed upon him,
even without these land cases being submitted to
him at all. I know that during the past summer
his court was in session nearly every day, and he
"Was not allowed scarcely an hour for rccreation or
amusement. In the discharge of the ordinary
business of her courts he finds enough to put his
physical and mental energies to the fullest test.
You have imposed the examination of the land
claims upon that court. In order to pass upon
them speedily, the judge will have to draw upon
his physical energies to the utmost extent they are
capable of enduring. In order to induce him to
do that, it is proposed, during the period thatthese
additional duties are imposed upon his court, to
allow him an additional compensation of $2,000
The board of commissioners to investigate land
claims expires on the 4th of March next by limit-
ation of law, and the probability is that there will
be no extension of their service. In the mean time
the vast multitude of cases passed upon by them
must be submitted to the district courts. My col-
league and myself are' anxious to afford every in-
ducement to the speedy settlement of these claims.
If there be more riots, if there be more bloodshed,
as there already have been, we desire that the
bloodshed shall be upon other hands, and not upon
ours. There is an obligation resting on us to
do everything in our power to procure a speedy
settlement of the land claims. We have endeav-
ored to urge it this day on the consideration of
the Senate. If the Senate choose to take the re-
sponsibility of all the difficulties that will result'
from the unsettled condition of these land claims,
let them do so; but rio part of it shall rest upon
me. If you are willing to do gross injustice to
these judges, by exacting the most onerous service
from them without compensation, let it be so de-
cided . But 1 must say there is neither reason nor
justice in this.
Mr. GWIN. I appeal again to the Senator
from Arkansas not to embarrass my proposition
by insisting on his amendment; but let him bring
it up as a separate measure. I am in favor of it,
and will vote for it as a distinct amendment.
Mr. STUART. I wish to make a suggestion
to the Senator from California, and to theSenator
from Arkansas. Undoubtedly, 1 apprehend,there
will be a proposition to increase the salaries of the
judges of the district courts. If no other Senator
moves it, 1 shall offer it myself. Their present
inadequate salaries are a crying evil, and they
ought to be increased, and it ought to be done
upon this bill. It is equally true, however, that
there are a great many things upon this bill that
ought not to be done.
While I am on the floor, I wish to correct what
the Senator from California [Mr. Gwin] said, in
one particular. He said it had always been cus-
tomary to pay for such services. The fact is,
that these services were imposed upon the terri-
torial judges of Michigan. The Senate has again
and again passed bills to pay them for that duty,
but down to this day they have not been paid. It
is a striking fact; but still it does not go to prove
that the judges m California ought not to be paid.
1 think a compromise may be got at, and if we
are disposed to save time 1 think it will be better
for the Senators from Arkansas to withdraw their
proposition, and let it come up as it will in a few
minutes on a proposition to increase the salaries
of the district judges which should be increased,
and increase them on a proper basis on which we
can agree without difficulty.
Mr. PETTIT. I will offer such an amend-
ment, if the Senators who have offered the pend-
ing amendments will withdraw them.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. To avoid prolonging this
j debate, 1 will, under the assurance of the Senator
from Indiana that the subject shall be brought
up, withdraw my amendment; but if it be not
brought up by others, I shall bring it up myself.
Mr. GWIN. Now, I hope the Senate will
take into consideration the special case provided
for in my amendment. It is to pay for special
services under a special law, and it is only an
increase from year to year, as those services may
be continued.
Mr. BUTLER. Originally, Mr. President, it
was proposed that these land claims m California
should be decided by commissioners as a separate
body, and that their decisions should be subject
to revision by the Supreme Court, or should be
subject to the revision fcof Congress. The Sena-
j tor from California himself, and I think very
j properly, said that he wished to bring these
! claims within the jurisdiction of the district court
1 as a court, so that they might be brought up to
the Supreme Court to be decided, and not left to
mere commissioners. Now, sir, so long as a
judge is a judge with the jurisdiction, and no more
i than the jurisdiction of a judge, he must abide by
1 the salary which is awarded to him by law.
j Whenever, however, you make him a commis-
j sioner, separate from his functions as a judge, and
; give him a jurisdiction different from that of a
j judge, you ought to pay him as a commissioner.
I But in this case I cannot vote for this increase
• because these duties were incident to the judicial
functions of the judge. 1 have said, as the Sena-
tor from California knows, that I believed the
salaries of the district judges in California were
t«o low, and I have always been willing to raise
[ them; but, consistently with my opinions that
! this judge is exercising no more than the jurisdic-
tion of a judge incident to the very law which the
Senator himself insisted upon, and I think very
properly, 1 cannot vote for this proposition.
Mr. GWIN. It is very true that { insisted
on these cases comingup to the Supreme Court of
the United States through the district courts; but the
Senator from South Carolina ought to recollect, and
I am sorry he seems to have forgotten the fact, that,
when the act extending the judicial system to Cali-
fornia was proposed, a bill was reported from
the Judiciary Committee,and it passed the Senate
without a dissenting voice, giving the judge of the
northern district of California $6,000, and of the
! southern district $4,000.
| Mr. BUTLER. 1 was in favor of it."
1 Mr. GWIN. Certainly; but when it went to
! the House, they struck the salaries down to §3,500
in the one case, and $2,800 m the other. The
Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Dayton,] then a
member of the Committee on the Judiciary, who
had charge of the bill, appealed to the Senators
from California, rather than defeat the measure, to
agree to the salaries fixed by the House, and he
said that at the next session we could obtain an
increase. 1 regret that I ever agreed to have
any judicial system established there with such
insufficient salaries. He promised, however, that
the salaries should be increased at the next ses-
sion; but they never were; and now the proposi-
tion which 1 bring forward is to pay these judges
for duties imposed upon them subsequent to the
creation of the districts. It is very true that I
was always in favor of these claims going to the
Supreme Court of the United States, but I never
supposed the judges of the district courts were
properly compensated, independent of these duties.
Mr. PETTIT. If the Senator from California
insists on his amendment, I shall move to strike
it out, and insert the proposition which I hold in
my hand, which is the House bill of this session,
adjusted with great care, in reference to the proper
and reasonable compensation of district judges
throughout the United States. It is a bill which
has been reported from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary of that House. I will say to the Senator
from California, that it provides for his State at
the rate of $5,000 for the judge of the northern
district, and $3,000 for the judge of the southern
district, which I think is a liberal compensation,
and one which they ought, at any rate, to be glad
to take.
Mr. GWIN. I will withdraw my amendment,
and let the Senator offer that, if he will make the
salary of the judge of the southern district $3,50(j.
I am sure it ought to be that.
Mr. PETTIT. If the amendment of the Sen-
ator from California is withdrawn, I offer the
amendment which I hold in my hand. It is the
House bill of this session regulating the salaries
of the district judges of the United States.
Mr. ADAMS. I rise to a question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Senator
insists, it will require unaaimous consent to with-
draw the amendment of the Senator from Califor-
nia, as the yeas and nays have been ordered on
it.
Mr. ADAMS. I know nothing of the merits
of the proposed amendment of the Senator from
Indiana, but I am opposed to anything being
offered to this bill which is not according to the
I rules of the Senate. I raise that question of order.
| Mr. PETTIT. I believe the Senator from Cal-
' ifornia accepts this as a substitute for his prop-
| osition.
! Mr. GWIN. I am willing to accept it.
J The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
| nays have been ordered on the amendment of the
I Senator from California, and it requires unanimous
; consent now to withdraw it, or to change it as pro-
I posed.
| Mr. HUNTER. Is it in order to accept that?
| It is not reported by any committee, as 1 under-
| stand.
Mr. PETTIT.
of the House.
Mr. HUNTER. But that does not bring it
within our rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairhas
not decided that question. The first question is,
will the Senate consent to the withdrawal of the
amendment of the Senator from California?
Mr. HUNTER. No one objects to that.
It is reported by the committee
