1116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
men on litters across the country, which, by the
by, is the worst country I ever traveled over.
Well, a peace was made, and it has been maintained
until this time, and 1 think it always will be main-
tained, for the Government has purchased their
lands. A treaty was made with them directly
after the war for their territory, and that treaty
has been ratified.
I have given this history of the war from its
commencement to its termination, for the purpose
of satisfying the committee that the volunteers
who turned out on that occasion ought to be paid
for their services. I ask that the Secretary of
War may be authorized to pay them. Many
lost their lives. The Indians killed nearly as
many of us as we killed of them. We only ask
that those volunteers who turned out and assisted
in putting down an Indian war that would other-
wise have lasted for years, and cost the Govern-
ment millions of dollars, and hundreds of lives—
and, as it was, did cost us the lives of many val-
uable citizens—may be paid for their services.
The troops were disbanded as soon as it was
thought Bafe to do so. I kept them with me but
a few days after the peace was made, and re-
mained near the Indiana for several weeks myself
for two reasons; one was, that I was not very
well able to get away from them, and ihe other
was, that I knew that by remaining there until
the hot blood had somewhat cooled, 1 could pre-
vent a renewal of hostilities between the Indians
and the whites. We only ask that the volunteers
shall be paid for the time which they actually
served, and the necessary expenses of subsistence,
ammunition, forage, and so forth. The accounts
were all carefully kept. Captain Alden had ap-
pointed quartermasters and commissaries, and the
accounts were as accurate and correct as I have
ever seen them in the Army. I hope this explan-
ation will satisfy the committee that the bill
ought to pass.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I should like
to ask the gentleman from Oregon a question.
Will the gentleman state about how much the ex-
penditures will amount to '
Mr. LANE. My opinion is that they will
amount to about ^150,000; perhaps a little over or
a little under. I cannot, however, suy exactly.
Mr. WASHBURN. The language of the bill
is rather wide. It provides for appropriating money
for the expenditures for all necessary and proper
supplies. Now, would it not be well enough to
have some limitation as to the full amount?
Mr. LANE. 1 am very willing to say that it
shall not exceed $175,000, if the committee desire
that there shall be a lestiiction. But I have con-
fidence in the Secretary of War. 1 have confi-
dence m his ability, integrity, arid honesty, and
in his capacity to judge from the papers what
allowances are reasonable. He will allow nothing
wrong, and we ask nothing but what is right.
Let me say here that, so far as I was concerned, I
settled my accounts on the spot. I went out as a
volunteer, but I received while there a commis-
sion as brigadier general from the acting Governor
ol'the Territory. As soon us I could ride down
from the portion of the country where the war
took place, 1 returned the commission with a note
on it that i charged nothing for my services; that
I would not receive anything for them then, or at
any future time, nor will i.
But that was not the case with others. Many
persons left their business and hurried to the res-
cue of the people theie, when the Indians were
about to tomahawk men, women, and children;
and this would have been done, had it not been
for the noble conduct of Captain Alden and those
brave men who volunteered in their defense. All
I ask is that these men shall lie paid, and that the
actual and necessary expenses of the war shall
also be paid. I hope no further explanations will
be necessary.
Mr. COBB, it might be well for me to take
the advice of my sage colleague from the Mobile
district, [Mr. Phillips,] and preserve silence.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is out of
order. He can only pioceed m the discussion of
the bill.
Mr. COBB. I am afraid the Chair is about to
interrupt me. [Laughter.] I hope the committee
will give me three minutes' to reply to my col-
league.
{Cries of " Go on !,; "Goon!"]
My reply, as the committee has given me the
privilege, shall be directly to the remark that fell
from my honorable colleague 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is under the
necessity of calling the gentleman from Alabama
to order.
Mr. COBB. Will not the committee give me a
few minutes for an explanation ?
[Cries of " Go on !" "Goon!"]
1 will occupy hut five minutes' time. My
worthy colleague intimated to me this morning—
in fact, advised me sagely—that silence might be-
come me, his worthy colleague. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order in referring to his colleague.
| Mr. PHILLIPS. I desire to say a word by
I way of explanation.
| Mr. COBB. Perhaps the explanation may
prove satisfactory, and then there will be no occa-
; sion for my making any remarks.
; Mr. PHILLIPS. I understood the gentleman
I in his printed remarks on yesterday to say that I
■ had backed out from the position I set out with
in the discussion of this bill. I said, this morning,
in reply to that remark, that 1 had not thought it
| necessary to obtrude myself frequently during the
debate to answer every one who chose to make a
remark upon the other side of this question, and j
that I did not feel it necessary to occupy the time
[of this House for the mere purpose of speaking,
1 when I had nothing reully to say which could
throw additional light upon the subject; and that,
under those circumstances, silence appeared to me
the most becoming, which was the course I would
recommend my colleague to take.
Mr. COBB. The explanation is worse than
the original remark. I desire to make only a brief
explanation, and then I shall be done. 1 should
not reply to the remark of my colleague, were it j
not made a matter of record, which will go to the :
country, and from which they will infer that, in '
all probability, I obtiuded myself upon the time
of this House unnecessarily, and made speeches j
i such as oughtnot to be made here. 1 appeal to gen- j
tlemen if they have ever known me to occupy the t
floor unless 1 had been discussing questions di-
rectly connected with the duties assigned me as a ;
member of an important committee, or such as are |
directly connected with the interests of the people (
) represent. I ask members of this House to j
respond. If there be a gentleman here who thinks j
I have occupied the door unnecessarily, let him
now rise and say so. ,
No one rises. [Laughter,] There is one thing, |
sir, which I desire to say, and it is this, that while [
thegentleman—my honorable colleague—ran, mall 1
probability, present to the country forty-two pages I
of speeches, delivered by him during this Con-
gress, the humble person that addresses you, if I
he could pile up every word that he has uttered, \
it would not fill more than four pages. How often, [
I ask, have I been on the floor speaking on ques- j
tions that were not absolutely befoie the House? i
And if I have at any time advocated a measure I
here, I had confidence in it; and I know that a ma- ■
jority of the House, in almost every instance, have j
sustained the position that I assumed. |
That is a consolation to me. And let my con-
stituency know it by the same record through
which they will read the advice which my col-
league chose to give me to keep silence. Let
them know that 1 have not spoken at any time
|| unnecessarily on this floor. Let them take the
; record. Let them take what I have said,and pile
i it all together. And then let them take theforty-
i two pages of speeches which my colleague has
!, made to this House, and let them see whether or
;i not his speeches have been upon questions before
| this House, and whether or not I have spoken on
I questions directly before this House or not. I
will say, moreover, sir, that 1 was inseparably
! connected with the matters in the discussion of
[' which I participated. The bills or reports on
which 1 spoke had originated in the committee of
which I have the honor to be an humble member,
i [Here the hammer fell.]
I Mr. COBB. One minute yef, Mr. Chairman.
|1 When you take the laughing matter out 1 will have
■ still some of my five minutes left.
| The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time has
I expired.
Ii The CHAIRMAN. This bill will be laid aside
to beieported to the House, unless objection be
il made.
There being no objection, the bill was accord-
inly laid aside to be reported.
The CHAIRMAN. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is bill No. 340, being a bill to provide for
the construction of a military road in the Terri-
tory of Utah.
The bill was reported in extenso by the Clerk.
The CHAIRMAN. This bill is subject to
amendments. If no amendment be proposed, the
bill will be laid aside to be reported to the House.
The bill was so laid aside to be reported.
The CHAIRMAN. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is bill No. 341, being a bill to refund to the
Territory of Utah the expenses incurred by said
Territory in suppressing Indian hostilities. The
Clerk will report the bill.
The bill was read in cxlenso by the Clerk; and,
there being no amendment proposed to it, it was
laid aside to be reported to the House.
Mr. HENN. Mr. Chairman, the next billon
the Calendav is Senate bill 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The Chair
was about to announce, what 1 presume the gen-
tleman from Iowa was about to state, that the
committee have already reported a bill embracing
the subject-matter of this bill.
Mr. HENN. I propose that we shall report
the House bill as a substitute for the Senate bill.
The Senate bill is exactly as the House bill was
before it was amended.
The CHAIRMAN. The Senate bill is an act
to establish the office of surveyor general of New
Mexico, to grant donations to actual settlers
therein, and for other purposes. The gentleman
from Iowa, if I understand him, submits a motion
to amend the Senate bill by striking out all after
the enacting clause, and substituting in lieu thereof
that which the committee have recommended to
the House when it had under consideration a bill
of a similar kind.
Mr. HAVEN. There is a bill reported from
the committee with an amendment. I suppose
the one to be substituted is the on£ which we
have acted upon.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentletnan from Iowa
| proposes an amendment similar to that which the
| committee have adopted. The Committee of the
j Whole had under consideration a bill to establish
! the office of surveyor general of New Mexico,
] granting donations to actual settlers, and for other
' purposes. The committee, in consideraing that
i bill, adopted amendments to it, and recommended
that the bill be adopted by the House. The gen-
tleman proposes to amend the Senate bill by
striking out all after the enacting clause, and
inserting that which the Committee of the Whole
have adopted.
Mr. HAVEN. With the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. With the amendment.
The question was then taken upon the motion;
and it was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered to the bill,
it was laid aside to be reported to the House.
The next bill which came up for consideration
in order upon the Calendar was House bill (No.
| 332) to enable the people of Oregon Territory to
j form a constitution and State government, ana for
j the admission of such State into the Union.
' The bill was read in extenso by the Clerk.
1 The first and second sections were reported and
i passed by without amendment.
: The third section was then reported.
I Mr. SEWARD. I move to amend that section
{ in the fifth line, by inserting after the words
t " United States" the following:
! —ejcept the eighth section of the act known as the Mis-
sours compromise.
I The clause would then read:
I Ss.c.3. Jhul be it further en-acted, That from and after
: the admibMOn of the State of Oregon mto the Union in
! pursuance of this act, the laws of tlieUnited States, which
; are not localiv inapplicable, slum have the same force and
! effect within'the State of Oregon aa elsewhere within the
United States, except the eighth section of the act known
as the Missouri compromise.
' Mr. KERR. What is the gentleman's object?
; Mr. SEWARD. My object is to repeal the
j restriction on that Territory.
I Mi. KERR. Congress expressly refused to
' apply the Missouri compromise to that Territory,
( Mr. SEWARD. It is embraced in the act.
i Mr. KERR. The Wilmot proviso was em-
' braced.
i Mr. SEWARD, I withdraw the amendment,
i as it may give rise to some trouble.
