406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. IB,
comply with the request of the President of the
Senate, and take the chair.
There was no objection.
The Journal of Eriday was read and approved.
the missouri compromise.
Mr. EVERETT. Mr.-President, I have been
requested to present a memorial of fourteen hun-
dred citizens of Worcester, Massachusetts, against
the passage of the bill fpr organizing the Territo-
ries of Kansas and Nebraska. This memorial is
signed by the present Governor of the State of
Massachusetts, by Mr. John Davis, well known
to most of the members of this body, for a long
time filling the same place, andafterwards a much
respected Senator of the United States. It also
bears the signature of Mr. Lincoln, who was for
many years Governor of Massachusetts', and is
signed by citizens of evjsry party and every sec-
tion of party in the Commonwealth of Massachu-
setts. It represents, I believe, the unanimous
opinion of the people of that part of the country,
-and is signed by more than fourteen hundred indi-
viduals.
I also present the memorial of the representa-
tives of the yearly meeting of the Society of
Friends in New England, respectfully protesting
against the extension of the area of slavery in the
pnited States.
As the subject of these memorials is now be-
fore the Senate, I move that they lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
duties on railroad iron.
Mr. BELL. I present the memorial of sundry
citizens of the State of Tennessee, stockholders in
the Tennessee and Alabama railroad. The me-
morialists set forth that this road is now in course
of construction, but that the completion of it is
likely to be delayed and obstructed by the very
high price of rail bars. They set forth very co-
gent reasons why the duty on imported railroad
iron should be altogether repealed, or the collec-
tion of the duty postponed nntil at least two years
after the road shall have been completed and in
operation. They allege that otherwise not only
projects on which large amounts of capital have
already been expended will remain incomplete,
but also many new projects retarded, unless this
privilege be granted, i move that the memorial
be referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
claims against texas.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to present the pe-
tition of a number of citizens of Louisiana inter-
ested in claims against Texas. They represent
that, owing to conflicting opinions in Congress
in relation to the obligation of the United States to
assume the payment of these debts, and the im-
portance of the subjects now submitted to Con-
gress for deliberation, they fear that the delay of
an application to Congress will be so great as al-
most to defeat their interest in the claims, and
they therefore earnestly pray Congress to pass
law authorizing them to institute a suit in equity j
before the Supreme Court of the United Stales, '
against the United States, with the view of testing
the liability of the Government for the payment
of th e clai ms. Inordertohave that question taken
into consideration, I move the reference of the
petition to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
CAPE FEAR RIVER.
Mr. BADGER, in accordance with previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill making further appropriation for the improve-
ment of Cape Fear river, North Carolina; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BADGER. I will not ask the reference of
the bill nor its consideration at this time. I wish,
however, to lay upon the table and have printed
some papers from a report on the subject, showing
conclusively not only the propriety but the neces-
sity, the indispensable necessity, of the appropri-
ation being made without delay, or the conse-
quence will be the entire closing up of the mouth
of the river. I will, therefore, allow the bill to
remain without a second reading until the papers
which I send to the table can be printed. When
they are printed, I shall ask the Senate to take up
the bill and pass it without delay.
The papers were ordered to be printed.
EXTRA PAY TO OFFICERS IN MEXICAN WAR. ,
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, submitted the following !
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tlift Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structf-d to inquire into the expediency of allowing to the
officers of tile Army who served in the late war Willi Mex-
ico, and who, whilst so serving, received their commuta-
tion of subsistence in money, an extra compensation of
twenty cents per ration lor each ration so received by the
said officers dining the time herein specified.
BRAZILIAN CORRESPONDENCE.
Mr. WADE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, it in his judgment llic same may be done without
detiiinent to the public weltare, to communicate to the Sen-
ate copies of the dispatch from the late Minister Plenipo-
tentiary of the United States to Biazil to the Secretary of
State, dated Novembei 24, 18ol, togethei wnli all accom-
panying papers 0* documents which were sent therewith,
and also a copy of the letter of llie Secretary of State to the
said Minister 111 reply thereto, and ot the communication
liom the Navy Depaitment, winch was inclosed 111 tile said
lettei of the Societaiy of State.
insane hospital in the district.
Mr. NORR1S submitted the following resolu-
tion, and asked for its immediate consideration:
Resolred, Thai the Secretaiy of the Interior be requested
to mlorm the Senaie what deficiency, if any, there ts in the
appropriation to complete the hospital for the insane of the
JDjsnict of Columbia, and of the Aimy and Navy, the cause
of such deficiency, and whether, m his opinion, any addi-
tional appropriation wiil he required to complete the woik,
and if so, how much.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I move to amend the reso-
lution by adding " and also whether the sites
selected are the most proper and convenient."
Mr. NORRIS. I will accept that.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD subsequently said: I move
to reconsider the vote adopting the lesoiution, for
the purpose of offering an additional amendment.
I have consulted the mover of the resolution, and
he ftas no objection to it.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 move to amend the reso-
lution by adding the following:
And what sums have been respectively paid for those
sites, and whether such sums were or were not reasonable,
compared with the value or price of land in the vicinity of
those sites.
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was adopted.
petitions, etc.
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented a petition of
citizens of Alabama, and other southern States,
praying that restrictions in regard to the transpor-
tation of turpentine and the various other products
of the pine tree on board of steamboats, may be
repealed; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Also, the petition of the Governor of the State
of Alabama, the Judges of the Supreme Court,
members of the Legislature, and other officers of
the State, praying that the compensation of the
Clerk of the United States district court for the
middle district of Alabama, may be increased;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, remonstrating against the enactment of any
law which will permit slavery in the Territory of
Nebraska, or otherwise infringe the provisions of
the Missouri compromise in regard fo slavery;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of Peter A.
Myers, praying an increase of his pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMLIN presented resolutions passed at
a meeting of citizens of Bath, Maine, in favor of
a reduction of the rates of ocean postage; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Also, a petition of Jeremiah Simons, one of the
Dartmoor prisoners during the last war with Great
Britain, praying a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a petition of Abner Lowell and others,
praying the erection of a light-house on Wood
Island, or the coast of Maine; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of Joseph Pennley, one of the
Dartmoor prisoners during the last war with Great
Britain, praying a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SEWARD presented an additional docu-
ment in support of the claim of Sarah Crandall,
widow of James Coon, to a pension; which, with
the petition and papers already presented, on the
files of the Senate, was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Also, a petition of citizens of Steuben county,
New York, praying that the pension now allowed
Isaac Aekerman may be increased; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a petition of non-commissioned officers of
the Navy, praying an increase of their pay; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
* Also, a petition of citizens of New York, re-
monstrating against the ratification of any treaty
by which it is proposed to establish an interna-
tional copyright between the United States and
Great Britain; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Niagara county,
New York, remonstrating against the passage of
the bill to establish the Territory of Nebraska in
its present form, or any other bill by which the
Missouri compromise will be violated; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against the enactment of any law by
which slavery will be permitted in the Terntory
of Nebraska, or the Missouri compromise viola-
ted ; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CLAYTON presented two petitions of
citizens of Delaware, remonstrating against the
passage of the bill to organize the Territory of
Nebraska in its presentform; which were ordered
to he on the table.
Mr. FOOT presented a petition of citizens of
Windham, Vermont, remonstrating against the
enactment of any law which the Missouri
compromise will be repealed or abrogated; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. GEYER presented a memorial of the citi-
zens of Livingston, Grundy, and Mercer coun-
ties, Missouri, asking a grant of lands to aid in
the constiuction of a railroad through said coun-
ties; which -was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. FISH presented the memorial of Goodhue
& Co., and others, merchants of New York,
praying the enactment of a law to prevent the for-
feiture of ships without fault of the owners in
certain cases; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Also, additional papers and testimony in sup-
port of the petition of Meigs D. Benjamin, of
New York, praying the leturnof an excess of
duty heretofore paid by him on the importation of
certain goods; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Massachusetts, a petition of citizens of North
Danvers, Massachusetts, and a petition of citizens
of Windham, Vermont, remonstrating against the
repeal of the provision of the Missouri compro-
mise in regard to slavery; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. CHASE presented two petitions of citizens
of Ohio, remonstrating against any disposition of
the public lands except for the use of actual set-
tlers; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Cincinnati,
praying an appropriation to aid a stock company
m the construction of a cana! around the falls of
the Ohio river on the Indiana side; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Also, two petitions of residents of Ohio, and a
petition of citizens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating
against the passage of the bill, in its present foim,
to organize theTerntory of Nebraska; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Also, proceedings of a meeting of citizens at
Cleveland, Ohio, against a violation of the Mis-
souri compromise; which were ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. BR.ODHEAD presented ten petitions of cit-
izens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the
passage of the bill to organize the Territory of
Nebraska in its presentform; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Also, two memorials of citizens of Philadelphia,
praying the erection of a building for the use of
the post office in that city, and the United States
com ts for that district; winch were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
