1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1975
Mr. ADAMS. I make no objection to the with- !
drawal of that amendment.
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. PETTIT. Then I offer, as an amendment,
the House bill of this session, to which! have ,
referred, without alteration.
Mr. HUN PER. is that in order? J
Mr. ADAMS. If I understand the rules, the j
fact that a bill has been reported by a committee ;
of the House does not confer jurisdiction upon
this body to receive it as an amendment to an ap- j
propriation bill. It must come from a committee '
of this House. Though this may be a bill re-
ported by a committee m the other House, it now :
becomes the proposition of the Senator from In-
diana, as an individual Senator; and the fact that
he has concluded to adopt it, does not give it the ;
character of the report of a committee. :
Mr. STUART. It is just such an amendment
as was offered here yesterday by the Senator from :
Tennessee, increasing the salaries of the judges of
the Supreme Court. It is not excluded by the rule j
at ail. !
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The Chair will, |
if desired, submit the question to the Senate ]
whether the amendment is in order. j
Mr. WELLER. If I understand this propo- !
sition, it is to increase the salaries of officeis al-
ready created by law. If that be the proposition,
I apprehend it is clearly within the rules of the
Senate, i can move at any time to inciease the
salary allowed to any officer provided for in the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, if 1 *ee
proper, or the salary of any officer who is pro-
vided for under the laws of the United States. If
1 suppose at any time that a public officer ought
to receive more pay than he is allowed, i can
make a motion to increase it.
Mr. PETTIT. This is not an appropriation of
money.
Mr. HUNTER. If it contains no appropria-
tion, I admit there is no rule against it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yesterday the
Senate entertained a proposition introduced by the
Senator from Tennessee on the same subject. The
Chair, therefore, thinks that this is in order.
Mr. PETTIT. Before any vote is taken on
my amendment, I will, at the suggestion of the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin, strike out the
word " Wisconsin" where it occurs. I modify
the amendment in that way at his instance, f
Mr. WELLER. I should like to hear Mat
the amendment is as it stands.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the judges of the
district courts of the United States shall receive, as com-
pensation for Then- services, the following yearly claries,
to be paid quarterly from theTieasury of the United States,
to wit:
The judges of the district courts of the States of Maine,
New Hampshire, Vermont, Rhode Island, Connecticut,
Delaware, New Jersey, and Iowa, ,<$•},000.
The .lud^c ol the noiiiiern district or Florida, <£2,2.50.
The jud^e of the western district of Virginia, North Car-
olina ; eastern, western, and middle districts of Tuuuessee ;
northern and Mmiln;ni dihtnets of jVI^Ms^ippi, wi-stcrn
distiict of Pennsylvania; western district oi Louisiana,
Texas, Kentucky, Ohm, Indiana, Missouri; eastern and
western districts of Aikansas, Illinois, and Michigan,
,$2,500.
The judges of the districts of Georgia, South Carolina,
eastern district of Virginia, northern district of New York,
nonhern and southern districts of Alabama, $2,750.
The judges of the district-* of Maryland, Massachusetts,
eastern district of Pennsylvania, southern district of Florida,
and southern distiict of California, §3,000.
The judjre of the eastern district of Louisiana, $3,500.
The judge of the southern district of New Vork, $J,7oO.
The judge of the northern district of California, $0,000.
Mr. G WIN. I hope the Senator from Indiana
will put the judge of the southern district of Call-
forma at $3,'500. His salary is $2,800 now, and
that is entirely insufficient.
Mr. PETTIT. I have no objection to that. I
amend ray amendment in that way.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 will state to the Senator
that there are two places for holding the courts in
the Slate of Georgia—Marietta and Savannah.
There are two districts, and one judge presides
over both, and the amount of his salary, strange
to say, is not so much, by one half, as that pro-
posed for the small State of Louisiana or Ar-
kansas.
Mr. PETTIT. The House committee ad-
justed that to-their liking; and I do not wish to
make any material alteration in what they agreed
on. I think the amendment suggested as to the
ance. i
i?'
southern district of California is proper, and I
have mclu'is-'d it.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Let me suggest to the
Senator from indunn that, instead of there being
two districts in Alabama, as provided for in this
amendment, there are three, and but one judge to
hold the court m the three districts, If the object
really be to increase the compensation of that
judge to what is reasonable and fair, let me ask, j
why was it not proposed to increase it to $3,000? 1
That is the proposed salary of the district judge |
of western Louisiana, and I am satisfied it is a fair
one.
Mr. PETTIT. I relied very much upon the
action of the House committee on that subject.
Mr. STUART, I wish to suggest to the Sen- <
ator from Alabama, that I presume there is not a !
single case in the amendment which meets ex- :
actiy the judgment of any Senator here. It is to i
a great extent a compromise. It must necessarily j
be so. It is probably as nearly right as we can |
get it. The House committee perfected that scale j
of salaries after a great deal of consultation and j
care, and I think we had better take it as it is. I
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that we can- J
not go into such a system as this upon the civil
and diplomatic bill. Gentlemen are already dif- |
fering on the details of this measure. We have ]
but a few days of the session left, and I think it is I
highly improper to be adding on these immense .
sums of appropriation to this bill.
Mr. WELLER. Let me say to the Senator i
from Virginia, that notwithstanding we may differ
as to some of these details, I trust there will be a
majority of the Senate m favor of the amendment;
and that ought to be entirely satisfactory to him.
However widely we may differ among ourselves,
if we agree to take this as a compromise, my
friend from Virginia will be placed in the situation
of the Irishman who was enlisted. He will be
forced to volunteer. [Laughter.]
Mr. ATCHISON called for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment, and they were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS. I am not advised as to other
States; but this amendment gives to the district
judge of the United States court in my State a
higher salary than our State pays to the circuit
judges who are upon an equality in point of dig-
nity; and, according to my recollection, I have
never voted, nor will I ever vote, to pay a Federal
officer more than the States pay for similar ser-
vices to their State officers.
Mr. MALLORY. I shall vote for this amend-
ment; but 1 feel bound, in doing so, to say, that m
: consideration of the fact that the judge of the
northern district of Florida has to travel entirely
over the State twice a year, and hold court in nu-
merous places, this increase of $250 is a paltry
matter. I will, however, go for the amendment.
Mr. PETTIT. I hope the Senate will consent
to take it as a compromise. It is the best we can
do.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, having had
charge of this matter as a member of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, 1 feel bound to state that
■ I will notaccept thisamendmentas acompromise,
I or in any other form; and I do not know but that
i it is my duty to go at length into the whole his-
; tory of this judiciary question, and show the vari-
ous ramifications which it has undergone, and the
principle on which the compensation of our judges
has been based. There is immense difficulty, I
know, in fixing such a system. 1 was willing to
vote for an increase of salary in California, as an
exceptional case; but here, sir, we are now called
to pass upon a proposition to which my attention
was not called until the reading of it; and it is to
be added to a money bill—the civii and diplomatic
' bill—to be put through in five minutes, without
■ consideration, by the Senate. I know the Com-
; mittee on the Judiciary have had difficulties in re-
I gard to it, and my friend from Delaware [Mr.
! Bayard] offered a substitute for the bill reported
; to the committee by myself. Thecommittee had
: the subject under consideration for months, and
1 yet now, it seems, we can take it up in half an
; hour, and put it on a money bill! I think it shows
j an utter disregard of that consideration which
! questions of this magnitude and importance ought
j to receive from the Senate of the United States,
; It is extraordinary to the last degree. I do not
i suppose that any gentleman has looked to it, ex-
j cept as regards the judges in his own State. That
I is about all that attracted hie attention. I am in
favor of increasing many of these salaries, and had
prepared a bill to do it upon certain well defined
principles. This amendment, itseem3 to me, has
departed in several cases from those principles.
The idea of picking up and attaching to a money-
bill a proposition to reorganize the judiciary, to
increase judicial salaries ail over the United States,
on the idea that the legislative bodies of the coun-
try have neglected their duties for eight or nine
i months, is a mode of transacting the public busi-
| ness that ought to be scouted from this body, and
, I enter my protest against it. I will not go into
I the subject. I simply content myself with voting
; against the amendment, and saying that there is
, not a man who can rise up in his place and state
' that the salaries in that proposition are fixed nrop-
: erly in all the districts. I do not think my friend
1 from Indiana can do it.
Mr. PETTIT. I do not recollect every one
i from memory.
] Mr. TOOMBS. Nor anybody else. The old
! principle was that we should give the judges of
! the United States courts the highest compensa-
; tion given to the judiciary in the States where
j they sat. There are some cases which are to be
i exceptions to the rule, where you compel the
! judges to reside in places like New York, and
! Boston, and Philadelphia. 1 recollect a case in
! Connecticut, where you passed a law making that
I district judgeservealso in New York. That duty
threw him under extraordinary additional ex-
j penses, and made his case one which I was willing
!( to except from the general principle. But here,
j now, Senators propose to vote for the amendment
! merely on being satisfied of one fact, that the sal-
J; ary of the judge in their own State is raised. It
I seems* to be a proposition to increase all these
salaries, generally, with the idea of providing for
;; particular cases, and we are to take whatever the
| House committee may have fixed, without en-
jj quiring into it. It seems as if gentlemen acted
on the principle "the Devil take the hindmost,so
j! you increase the salary of my judge; that is all."
j; Mr. ATCHISON. I move that the Senate do
j' now adjourn. I wish an opportunity to look into
II this matter.
!j Mr. HUNTER. I hope the motion to adjourn
ji will not be agreed to. I ask for the yeas and
I nays on it.
j! The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
:! taken, resulted—yeas II, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS— Me<sr«. Allen, Atchison, Butler, Chase, Daw-
!l son, Fit/patrick, Norris, Sumner, Toombs, Wade, and
vw!i*>r—11.
; i NAYS -Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Bright,
Brodhead, Blown, Cooper, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
\ Evans, Fish, Oyer. Gillette, Gwin, Houston, Hunter,
I Juiricr>, Johribou, Jououf Tennessee, Malloiy, Mason, Pet-
:j tit, Rockwell, Uu<k, Sebasiian, Shields, Slidell, Stuart,
H Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, and
!| Walker—'J'J.
j| Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, the impatience
j! of the Senate shall not prevent me from doing
;j justice to thecommittee with which I am con-
i. oected. We prepared a bill which would regu-
II late this whole subject. By that bill we provided
11 for circuit judges with a salary of $4,000. If that
ij bill, providing for these circuit judges, shall go
ij into operation, it, will change the duties of the
j district judges materially. It is found upon the
'! idea of subordination—supreme judges, circuit
^ judges, and district judges. But, i'f you increase
;i the salaries of these district judges as now pro-
'/> posed, you cannot diminish them. Gentlemen
j who have consideied the subject are, perhaps, pre-
1 pared to vote for this amendment on their inde-
pendent judgments. I am not. I can only say, as
far as regards the consideration T have given it,
that J am not prepared to commit myself to the
; arbitrary system laid down in this proposition.
! California, Florida, and some other places I would
i' make exceptions, but when gentlemen interposed
;i with other bills, and refused to let me take up the
;; judiciary bill, when I moved for its consideration,
;; and claimed from me the day which was assigned
jl for it, let the blame rest upon others.
ji I am not going at this late period of the session
;; to embark in the general discussion of the judi-
jj ciary system. I have given noticethat I shall ask
:; the Senate to take up the judiciary bill at the next
session, and when that system comes to be adopt-
ed, perhaps it will he found that, by this very
proposition, you will have given to the district
judges a larger salary than to the circuit judges,
who will have to travel ovfer several States and to
