1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1117
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
The fifth section was read, as follows;
Secu 5. Jlndbeit further enacted, That the district judge,
attorney, clerk, and marshal, contemplated by this act,
shall each be allowed the same compensation and fees that
are severally allowed to the same officers in the State of
California by act of Congress, to be paid in the same man-
ner.
Mr. PARKER. I think that section ought to
be amended. There are two districts in Califor-
nia. The judge of one is allowed an annual sal-
ary of $5,000, and the judge of the other $3,000.
After the word "judge" I move to add the words
" shall be allowed an annual salary of $3,000, and
the."
Mr. LANE. I am willing to accept the gen-
tleman's amendment.
Mr. HAVEN. Let me suggest that the words
" to be paid quarterly " be added to the amend-
ment.
Mr. PARKER. I accept the modification of
my amendment. There is a general law to that
effect, and there is really no necessity for the
modification.
The amendment was so modified.
The question was taken; and the amendment,
as modified, was adopted.
Mr. LETCHER. There ought to be another
amendment to that section in regard to the attor-
ney, clerk, and marshal.
Mr. CUTTING. Such an amendment I was
about to suggest to the gentleman from Oregon.
As I understand, the clerk, marshal, and attorney
of the district of California, receive double the
compensation now allowed to the same officers in
the district of New York. Now, considering the
difference of expenses of living in California, and
also that the gentleman from Oregon places the
district judge on the same footing as the district
judge for the southern district of New York, it
seems to me that the marshal, clerk, and attorney
should also be restricted to the same fees which are
received under the present fee bill of New York.
Mr. LANE. That they shall be allowed the
same amount as is now received by the same offi-
cers in the southern district of New York?
Mr. CUTTING. Yes, sir.
Mr. LANE. I consent to the restriction.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is, in lieu
of the words " in the State of California " to sub-
stitute the words " in the southern district of New
York."
The question was then taken on Mr. Letcher's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It seems to me that
the provisions of this bill are rather premature.
This bill is merely preparatory to the admission
of the State. All after the first section should, in
my opinion, be stricken out, and there should be
a proviso of some sort attached to the first section,
prescribing something about the number of their
population; and, if they shall make a constitution,
and come here and ask to be admitted, then will
be the time to extend these laws, and give them
the benefit of judges, attorneys, marshals, and so
forth. I would ask the Committee on Territories
if it is proposed, by this bill, to authorize the
people of Oregon to form a constitution and organ-
ize a State government, and supersede the terri-
torial government, without regard to the amount
of population which may be included within the
Territory? Are they to be organized into a State,
and admitted under this bill, and not come back
here again for their constitution to pass under the
revision of those who are to admit them, in order
that it may be determined whether it is republican
or not? I think this is all premature.
I have no objection to the passage of a law
authorizing the people of Oregon, if they have
sufficient population, to form a constitution, and
submit that constitution to Congress for admis-
sion. When they do that, I think it will be time
enough for all the other provisions in this bill to
be enacted into a lav/ of Congress.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. This bill was intro-
duced by myself, referred to the Committee on
Territories, and by that committee reported back
to this House. The bill is an exact copy, as near
as it could be, except in reference to the bounda-
ries, and other local matters, of the bill authori-
zing the people of Wisconsin to form a constitution
and State government. Now, allow me to say to
the committee, that it would be impossible for any
census to be taken that would satisfy this House
what the population of Oregon is. They have
cities, and towns, and many counties organized
and well settled by an honest, industrious, and
intelligent population. They have, by resolves
of their Legislative Assembly, asked Congress to
allow them the privilege of forming a State consti-
tution. Out of twenty-four members of the two
Houses of the Assembly there was but one soli-
tary vote against the memorial that has been for-
warded to Congress. I will venture to say that
Oregon has, at this day, a population of twenty
thousand more than Illinois had when she was
admitted into the Union, or than Florida had when
she was admitted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should have no
kind of objection to passing a bill at this time,
giving the assent of this Government to the form-
ation of a constitution by the people there, to be
submitted to Congress. I merely suggested that
the details of the bill seemed to be premature at
this time.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to call the at-
tention of the gentleman from Tennessee to the
first section of the bill. A sufficient answer will
be found there, I think, for his objections to the
bill, provided he is in favor of the people of that
Territory forming a State constitution. The first
section reads as follows:
" That the people of the Territory of Oregon he, and they
are hereby, authorized to form a constitution and State
government, for the purpose of being admitted into the
Union on an equal footing with the original States in all
respects whatever, by the name of the State of Oregon."
The object is not to authorize the formation of a
constitution which is not to be submitted to Con-
gress. The bill itself is such as has been usually
reported where Territories have been authorized
to form constitutions preliminary to being ad-
mitted as States. There is no doubt about the fact
stated by the gentleman from Tennessee, that some
States have been admitted into the Union without
any authority from Congress to form constitu-
tions. This was the case in California, in Mich-
igan, and, I believe, in Ohio.
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir, Tennessee.
Mr. RICHARDSON. In the case of other
States Congress authorized them to form a con-
stitution. The gentleman from Tennessee may
be correct in his statement that, with the excep-
tion of the first section, the bill is mere surplusage,
and that all of these details are of no use. In one
particular, however, they are of some use, for they
prescribe boundaries beyond which she cannotgo.
Mr. SIMMONS. I desire to ask the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Territories a ques-
tion. I wish to know what will be the effect of
the third, fourth, and fifth sections? Upon the
principle that the constitution, when formed, shall
become valid and operative, will not these sections
be of permanent effect; so that Congress cannot
change, repeal, or modify the organization of the
courts? Would it not be better to add a further
section, saying that Congress, at any time, may
alter, repeal, or modify these three sections? As
they stand at present, will they not become a part
of the contract?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will reply to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Simmons.] If
Oregon comes here with her constitution, and
Congress admits her, she is then a State, with all
the rights and privileges of New York, Illinois,
or any other State.
Mr. SIMMONS. But will not these three sec-
tions become a part of the contract, and be un-
alterable?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I suppose not.
Mr. SIMMONS. It seems to me that they will.
Mr. MILLSON. I scarcely know any busi-
ness in which Congress can be engaged more im-
portant than the admission of a new member into
our Confederacy. And yet, strange to say, until
within the last five or ten minutes there seemed
hardly to be a dozen gentlemen in the House who
appeared to be even aware that such a measure
was now under consideration. Certainly, Mr.
Chairman, there is no occasion where there is
greater necessity for the House to proceed with
caution, than in the introduction of anew party
to our constitutional compact—the admission of a
new sovereign into this community of States.
Now, sir, I do not know what may be, at this
time, the population of the Territory of Oregon,
but I say that, according to the census of 1850,
there were then only about fifteen thousand per-
sons in the whole Territory; and since that time
the Territory of Washington has been carved out
of that of Oregon, thus diminishing the number of
its inhabitants to a proportionate extent. What
may have been the increase of the population in
the last four years lam not informed.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. Will the gentleman
allow me 
Mr. MILLSON. I was about to call upon the
gentleman from Oregon [Mr. Lane] to state
whether any census has been taken of the popu-
lation of Oregon since 1850?
Mr. LANE. I was going to make some" re-
marks in reference to the suggestion made by my
excellent friend from Tenne&see, [Mr. Jones,]
about the population of Oregon; but 1 sat down
without doing so, and I now avail myself of the
opportunity offered by my friend from Virginia,
to make the remark which I intended. It is true,
as the gentleman from Virginia states, that the
census returns of 1850 showed the population to
be about the number he mentioned. I arrived in
the Territory oneyear before, on the 2d ofMarch,
1849. I caused the census to be taken directly.
The whole population of Oregon then was only
a few thousand. I do not recollect the exact
number. At their first election, held in June of
that year, they cast about nine hundred votes.
Since that time, as my friend from Virginia says,
Washington Territory has been stricken off from
Oregon. A territorial government has been or-
ganized there, and that Territory during this year
cast between twelve and fifteen hundred votes.
Mr. Chairman, the settlements in Oregon Terri-
tory have spread out hundreds of miles since 1850.
At that time, with a view of going outside of
settlements, and of taking a claim which would
suit my own convenience and my taste of loca-
tion, I took a claim some thirty or forty miles
outside of any considerable settlement. But, after
I returned from this place last spring—now a year
ago—I found the whole country taken up and oc-
cupied, and now I am afraid I will have to move
again. [Laughter.]
Well, sir, I say this further to my friend from
Virginia: that, in the Rogue River valley—where
we had the Indian troubles in 1850 and 1853; the
very valley I have been talking about to-day, and
where the gallant Captain Stuart, of the Army,
was killed—there was not, at that time, a white "
settler living; not a white man lived within fifty
miles of it, save the keeper of a ferry. At the
last June election—twenty months afterwards—
there were about eighteen hundred votes cast
there. The population of Oregon has increased,
within the last twelve months over twenty-five
thousand. We have cities there now containing
j almost as large a population as Oregon had in
1847. The whole country is being settled, and it
has to-day a population, as before stated, of thirty
thousand more than the State of Illinois had when
she asked for admission into the Union.
Mr. MILLSON. What is the whole popu-
lation ?
Mr. LANE. Oregon has some sixty thousand
inhabitants in all.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the people of Oregon
Territory are tired of their dependence upon Con-
gress, and desire a State government. They will
not mind the expense of a State government, as
expressed by the memorial which has been sent
to Congress. They want to be placed upon an
equal footing with the people of the States of the
Union. They want the restrictions under which
they now act removed, that they may be thrown
upon theirown resourses; that theymay have the
privileges which the citizens of the States enjoy.
They ask that they may have the privilege of
forming a constitution and a Stategovernment, in
order that they may better develop the resources
of the country, and bring into requisition the en-
ergies of the people. They are as true American
citizens as can be found m this Union. They
are a moral, industrious, patriotic, and, I will say,
chaste people, as that matter has been referred to -
by my friend on the left; for no man out there would
have two wives; and if a man should go there
with two wives, he would do so, not only in
violation of the laws, but some other man would
claim the privilege of having one of them, for
some of them now have none at all.
But there is very good reason why the people
of the Territory of Oregon should have the priv-
