1118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
ilege of holding a convention for forming a consti-
tution, and of applying for admission into the
Union upon an equal footing with the other States.
If they were not in every respect as worthy as
other people, I would not ask that privilege of
this House. But they are so dependent, they have
to rely so entirely upon the action -of Congress to
regulate their internal affairs, that they want to
attend to their domestic affairs themselves.
Mr. BOYCE. I desire to ask the Delegate from
Oregon one question. I perceive, by the census
returns, that the population of Oregon was thirteen
thousand in 1850. What is the population now?
Mr. LANE. The statement which I have just
made answers that question. I think it is about
sixty thousand.
Mr. MILLSON. I ask the gentleman if that
is a mere conjectural statement, or whether a cen-
sus has been taken since 1850?
Mr LANE. i will say to my friend from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Millson,] and to my friend from South
Carolina, [Mr. Boyce,] that no census of Oregon
can be taken that can be relied upon for one
month. You may take the census of Oregon, and
send up the returns here as rapidly as possible,
and there will be five thousand added to the pop-
ulation before the returns will reach Washington.
Such is the rapidity with which the country is
settled. Imigration is pouring into (hat country.
You have passed a law donating to the settlers in
Oregon a certain quantity of land. You huve
imposed a limit to trie operation of it. It expires
with the im'gration which goes there next year;
and the people, to avail themselves of it, are /low-
ing in across the country, while thousands of
mmeis who have gone to California and Oregon,
fall back upon the privilege, and avail themselves
of the benefits of the uct, and become permanent
settlers there. How can you, then, say what the
population of Oregon is? It is probably upwards
of sixty thousand to-day, but three months hence
it will be five thousand more. At the last election
our citizens gave about eight or nine thousand
votes. 1 myself was elected by some sixteen
hundred majority.
Mr. SEWARD. I would inquire of the Chair
what the question under consideration now is ?
The CHAIRMAN. The proposition now
pending is that part of the bill which regulates the
fees to be paid to the Governor, attoiney, mar-
shal, &c. Hut ho far as debate is concerned, the
whole bill is under consideration.
Mr. MILLSON. f rose partly for the purpose
of making these inquiries of the gentleman from
Oregon, and for a further purpose, which I shall
indicate presently.
Upon so grave and important a proposition as
this the committee cannot now be prepared to vote.
There should be some opportunity given for con-
sulting precedents. Theie should be sometime
for reflection; and, as the hour is now late, and
the House have determined loMt to-morrow, I wish
toaffo.dmi opportunity for deliberation and in-
vestigation better than we can possibly have at this
time. Theie is much force in the suggestion
mode just now by my friend from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jon*:**.] I do not wish the House to commit
itself. I do not wish Congress to commit itself
by taking hasty steps, or by inserting into this bill
Erovisions which may hereafter be asceitained to
e improper. In my opinion, the best plan will
be, if we find,upon examination, that Oregon is
entitled to form a State constitution, simply to
pass a bill, containing a .single piovnsion, author-
izing the people of that Territory to form a State
constitution, and not toadoptany provision which
will in any manner commit Congress to its admis-
sion as a State, .should subsequent disclosures ren-
der such admission improper and impolitic.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, if the gentleman
from Virginia will allow me, I will suggest to the
gentleman from Oregon, that it may be better to
strike out the third, fourth, and fifth sections of
this bill. It will then conform, as I undeistand it,
to the wishes of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. MILLSON. My desire is, that the com-
mittee should do qothing now in reference to the
matter at all, but that we should take time to re-
flect; that we should allow ourselves the opportu-
nity to consult precedents, and ascertain what
ought to be done.
It may be inferred from the quarter from which
these seeming objections come, that there may be
opposition to the adxnission of Oregon into the
Union as a State, in consequence of the peculiar
relations existing between certain members of the
Confederation.
Mr. Chairman, although I deem myself at lib-
erty to scrutinize the pretensions of this new
candidate for admission into the Union—although,
indeed, it is my duty to do so—yet I take this op-
portunity of saying that, if I find that this appli-
cation of the Territory of Oregon is founded upon
such considerations as have been respected hereto-
fore—if I find they are such as have been deemed
sufficient for the admission of other Territories,
North and South—1 shall most cheerfully vote for
its reception. I shall not be deterred from giving
that vote by any considerations in reference to a
balance of power between the two great divisions
of the Confederacy.
I do not, however, disguise the fact that, in
view of possible, I will not say probable, results,
I look with some alarm upon the multiplication of
free States in this Union. I will not conceal my
fear, that, m process of time, the accession of a
disproportionate number of free States may even
lead to important changes in our Federal Consti-
tution, by securing the majority which that instru-
ment at this time requires for that purpose. I
will not disguise my apprehension that there may
be mischief in prospect which it will be desirable
to avert.
But, sir, I am not one who believes that it is
lawful to do evil that good may come. I will not
refuse to do justice, although it may be attended
with disadvantageous consequences; and I there-
fore repeat the declaration, that if 1 shall find, after
deliberate examination, that the people of Oregon
Territory are in a condition which entitles them,
equally with those heretofore received, to come
into the Union, 1 shall vote to admit them.
But, I confess that I felt a little mortified, as well
as surprised, at the apathy which seemed to pre-
vail here this morning, when this very important
question was presented to the consideration of the
committee, and when, almost without a word, we
were about to pass a bill involving consequences
so important as those which I have described.
Let us have some opportunity for reflection. Let
us know whether it is proper to admit a new mem-
ber into the Confederacy without some reliable
information as to the number of her inhabitants;
and when I say reliable information, I do not mean
in the least to disparage the accuracy of the state-
ments made by my honorable friend from Oregon.
Mr. 11ENN. I would ask the gentleman from
Virginia, whether he thinks that this bill proposes
to admit Oregon as a State into the Union ?
Mr. MILLSON. i will reply to the gentle-
man, that the very object of my rising was to sug-
, gest that we should take time for reflection on this
| subject, and that we should not commit ourselves
| even by an expiession of opinion as to the effect
! of this bill.
Mr. IlENN. Does not the gentleman know
that it takes two or three years before people can
j form a constitution and be admitted ?
I Mr. MILLSON. Certainly; I know there
I must be delay.
| Mr. HENN. Then there may be more than
| three hundred thousand or four hundred thousand
; inhabitants there.
Mr. MILLSON. I have said nothing which
commits me either to opposition or support of this
bill;and it has been sedulously my object to avoid
i any such committal. I desire that we shall pro-
! ceed with due deliberation. I wish opportunity
: for consulting precedents, that we may know what
j it is Congiess ought to do. I have formed no
1 opinion on this subject at all. It may be that the
gentleman from Iowa is right, and that we may
not be committed to the reception of Oregon by
1 passing tins bill. I say not one word against it;
i but we ought to take time to consider. That is
! all I desire, i was about to observe, when mter-
jj rupted by the gentleman from Iowa, that among
the inquiries to which it may be well for the House
to turn its attention, it may be necessary to con-
sider whether it is proper, in any case of the appli-
cation of a Territory for admission into the Union,
it should be admitted in the absence of official and
authentic information as to its population.
Now, 1 have already said that I do not in the
least question the accuracy or sincerity of the
statements made by my friend from Oregon. But
I wish to consider whether m every such case as
the introduction of a new State, it is not becoming
and proper that we should have authentic and
official information as to the population of the
Territory. I know that we had no such informa-
tion in regard to California. That case stands
out an exception to all rules, a solecism in the
legislation of the country, and is not to be used
as a precedent for anything. In order that we
may have an opportunity to make these inquiries,
ana come to the consideration of the subject
calmly and intelligently, I would now move that
the committee rise, but for the request of my
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] who de-
sires first to make a suggestion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 desire to submit a
motion, and then I will move that the committee
rise, m order that gentlemen may have an oppor-
tunity of investigating this matter.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the gentleman allow me
to xjffer an amendment'
Mr. RICHARDSON. I want to offer an
amendment myself.
Mr. LETCHER. Let them both be presented
and read.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will indicate my
amendment, and then yield to the gentleman from
Georgia. I move to strike out the third, fourth,
and fifth sections of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The third and fourth sec-
tions have been passed over by the committee;
but if there be no objection, the Chair will enter-
tain the proposition to go back and strike out
those sections.
No objection was made.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer what I send to the
Clerk's desk as an additional section. I do not
wish to press it now, but I present it for the con-
sideration of members.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Svr 8 Jtndhe it further enacted, That all restrictions
again-*! the admission ot slaver} into said Territory he and
the same are hoieby removed, it bemy the true intent and
meaning of this aet not to estabht-h or prohibit slavery ; hut
the people, when they adopt their constitution, shall be
free to regulate their own domestic institutions.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair regards these
as merely indications that gentlemen will propose
such amendments to-morrow.
Mr. GOODRICH. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. I have something in the
nature of a personal appeal to make to the com-
mittee, and I therefore ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to withdraw his motion for a few
moments.
Mr. GOODRICH. I withdraw it.
The CHAIRMAN. I desire to present to the
committee, informally, a bill which was passed
over yesterday, providing for the "payment of the
civil officers employed in the Territory of New
Mexico while under mihtaiy government," and
to make an appeal to the committee, in behalf of
the absent Delegate from New Mexico, to act on
the bill. It was passed over informally on yes-
terday. The gentleman who reported the bill
[Mr. Faulkner] is not in the city, and the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs [Mr.
Bisseli.] is absent. I desire therefore to make a
brief explanation, if the committee will take up
the bill, by which I think all objection to it will be
removed.
By unanimous consent the bill was taken up
for consideration.
Mr. Phelps here vacated the chair, having
called Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, thereto.
Mr. PH ELPS. When this bill was last before
the committee for consideration, the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] objected to any
compensation being paid to the officers of the Army
who were employed in New Mexico, even if they
dischaiged the duties of any civil offices. I think
myself it is wrong, and I therefore propose the
following as an amendment to the first section:
Provided, That under the piovi<=ions of this act no com-
pensation shall be made to any officer of the Army of the
Umted States for discharging the duties of any civil office
in the Territory ot New Mexico.
The provisional territorial government disbursed
a certain amount in the payment of the salaries
of these civil officers, but that amount of money
had been collected by military contributions. I
think it would be wrorij* to reimburse that to the
Territory of New Mexico, and J shall therefore
move to strike out the second section.
