1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1977
to offer, which I will explain. There was an
appropriation made some years ago to pay the
outstanding loan office and final-settlement certifi-
cates; but one of them, No. 265, was lost, and I
ask to have a sufficient sum to pay it reappropri-
ated, upon certain proof being produced that the
man who claims it is the proper legal owner, and
upon his giving bond to indemnify the Govern-
ment. 1 offer it in pursuance of a recommenda-
tion of the Treasury Department, and by the
unanimous consent of the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims of this body. It was ruled in
order at the last Congress, and was adopted by
the Senate as an amendment to the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill; but it/was lost in
the committee of conference, wheraa am afraid it
will be lost again. My amendment is to add the
following:
For the payment of a lost final-8«tlement certificate,
No. 265, issued for $14,180 56, a claim for which lias been
presented at the specie value thereof, to he computed by
tin; Register ol'the Treasury, pajmem to be made to Henry
G. ('arson, administrator de horns non cum testnmcnto an-
nexo, of Curtis Grubb, deceased, surviving partner of the
iaic jinn of Cuitis & Peter Grubb, to whom said eeritficale
wa< issued: Provided, Satisfactory evidence be produced
to the Secretary of the Treasury that said administration
is tlie bona fide holder of said claim: -And prowled fur-
ther, That the sri d holder of said claim shall give bond,
wnli security to be approved by the Secretary of theTreas-
ury, to indemnify the Government and refund the amount
he shall receive by virtue of this act, in ca>e the said cer-
titieute should ever be presented by any other person, and
payment thereof demanded. And so much money as is
ncce,—aryto pay the specie value of said certificate shall
be paid <>ut of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
nppr- printed-
Mr HUNTER. I aek for the decision of the
Chair whether that is not a private claim.
Mr. RRODHEAD. The amendment is in
order, for two reasons; first, because the amount
is asked for by the Treasury Department, and
second, because I have the authority of a stand-
ing committee to offer it. Besides that, when it
was offered at the last Congress, by my colleague,
as an amendment to the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill, it was ruled to be in order. I
have the record of that transaction before me in
the Congressional Globe, and can refer to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bell.) If
it has been ruled by the Senate to be in order, the
Chair will observe that precedent, though, in his
own opinion, according to the strict terms of the
rule, it would be excluded.
Mr. WALKER. It was decided to be in order
at the last session, to my recollection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If such was
the decision, the Chair rules it to be in order. Che
question is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr TOOVlBS. I should like to understand
when this certificate was issued; and how do we
know that it is due? I do not know whether this
case belongs to a class that was before Congress
some years ago, but I remember that not long
since, when statements from the books of the
Treasury were printed, there was a large class of
cases where it appeared that sums were due to
various people on the Treasury books. Persons
immediately took out letters of administration all
over the country, and attempted to get payment
for the claims. Now, I want to know when this
certificate was lost, and what evidence we have of
its loss. Is the evidence of it simply the fact that
there appears on the Treasury books to be so
much due to A, B, or C? That is not the slight-
est evidence that anything is due to anybody.
That class of cases has been elaborately consid-
ered in Congress for the last eight or ten years,
and condemned—justly condemned. I wish to
understand what this case is. I do not know
when this certificate was issued. I wish to know
something about it. Does it belong to the class
of which I have spoken? I ask for information.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It does not belong to that
Mr. TOOMBS. Then I want to know to what
class it does belong. I wish to hear some expla-
nation of how this money is due by the Govern-
ment. That ought to be a matter of some conse-
quence, I think.
Mr. WALKER. This case is entirely dissim-
ilar to the class of cases mentioned by theSenator
from Georgia. At an early period of the Gov-
ernment these loan office and final-settlement cer-
tificates were issued by the Government when it
had no money to pay, They were a species of
bills of credit issued at the Treasury Department;
and as they were presented when the Treasury
had money, they were paid. If this certificate
was in existence, and had not been lost, it would
be paid immediately on us presentation at the
Treasury, but it has been lost; and the reason
why it has not been paid is, that at the Treasury
they demand the surrender of the certificate itself
before liquidating it. This amendment* provides
for the loss, and requires ample security to begiven
in case the original should ever be found.
Mr. TOOMBS. That cannot be the state of
the case at all, because then you put the Govern-
ment, after the lapse ot forty or fifty years, to
show that the certificate was paid. That is exactly
the class of cases which we have condemned.
Mr. WALKER. Not at all. The Senator
does not understand me. It has been sufficiently
proved before the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims that this certificate did exist in the hands
of the claimant, and its loss has been proved.
After proper search and diligence, it cannot be
found. If it was in existence, it could be pre-
sented at the Treasury and payment of it made;
but at theTreasury the surrender of the certificate
is required before payment. This amendment
provides that the amount shall be paid, and re-
quires the parties to give ample security to the
Government that, if the certificate is ever found
by any one and presented, they will indemnify
the Government. Consequently the Treasury
cannot lose anything.
1 will mention another fact. An appropriation
was made some years ago for taking up these loan
office and final-settlement certificates. This one
c )uid not be presented, and, of course, could not
be paid; and, consequently, the balance which was
appropriated has lapsed, and this is butareap-
propnation of what was formerly appropriated
for the very purpose. 1 think it provides suffi-
ciently for guarding the Government against any
possible contingency of loss.
Mr. TOOMBS. This is precisely one of the
class of cases that I supposed. The books of the
Treasury show that a loan office or final-settle-
ment certificate was issued to A, B, or C forty, or
fifty, or sixty years ago. A great many persons,
on seeing publication of that fact, said: " why,
here was a certificate issued to my ancestor, and
I am entitled to it." Such people accordingly
came here, and claimed the amount. They, m
effect, said to the Government, after forty, or fifty,
or sixty years, " though the presumption is that
these certificates have been returned and canceled,
yet, unless you can show that they were redeemed,
we will presume the existence of the certificate,
and hold you responsible." I say, sir, that a
party who received a loan office certificate fifty or
sixty years ago, is to be presumed to have re-
ceived payment for it, unless there be peculiar
circumstances showing, beyond question, that it
was lost, and never canceled. On the statement
of the gentleman from Wisconsin, this is pre-
cisely one of the class of cases which have been
condemned, and justly condemned by Congress.
Why, sir, you may take out of the Treasury hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars if you are to ap-
propriate merely on the ground that the books of
the Treasury show that an amount was at some
time due to this or that individual, and that the
Government cannot show that those debts were
canceled. If that principle be sound, the admin-
istrator, at this time, of the party to whom a cer-
tificate was issued half a century ago, may come
forward and say, "I find that a certificate was
issued to the original parties for whom I am ad-
ministrator, and unless you can show that you
have canceled ihe debt, you must pay me."
Will the Senate sanction such a doctrine? Sir,
under the appropriation which we made to pay a
portion of these certificates, the Government was
plundered to a large amount. It was one of the
most wretched acts ever passed by Congress. I
had occasion, a few years ago, as a member of
the Committee of Ways and Means of the other
House, to examine the subject thoroughly, and I
was satisfied then, as I am now, that people came
here with these cases, and that money was poured
out of the Treasury to pay them, without a
shadow of right.
Mr. WALKER. I venture to say, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the Senator from Georgia, cannot show
that under the former appropriation, one of these
certificates was ever paid without a surrender of
the instrument. The reason why this one was.
not paid was, because the certificate could not be
surrendered as others were. In consequence of
the non-ability of these parties to surrender the
certificate, the appropriation has lapsed, and now
when there is complete proof of the loss of the
certificate, the holders simply ask that they shall
be paid the amount.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, I think that
this is a just claim against the United States.
Two years ago, 1 examined the claim and urged
its passage in this body. It was passed by the
Senate as an amendment to the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, but, as my colleague stated,
was lost in the committee of conference.
The Grubbs,at the time of the Revolution, were
the founders of cannon, and they manufactured
for the Government a large quantity of cannon
and cannon balls, which were furnished by them.
The Government, as was stated by the Senator
from Wisconsin, not being in a condition to pay
at the time, issued its certificate of indebtedness to
the Grubbs. That certificate went into their hands.
They were a wealthy family, and it remained
with them. Payment was not made by the United
States, but the certificate remained in the hands of
old Mr. Grubb until his death, some thirty years
ago. After the transfer to the hands of an admin-
istrator de bonis non, the certificate was lost; and
at the time of the appropriation made to pay a cer-
tain class of these claims on presentation at the
Treasury, this certificate could not be found, and
four years ago, I think, application was first made
for the payment of the claim. I had charge of it
at the time, and I remember that on a vote by yeas
and nays it passed this body.
I admit, sir, what my friend from Georgia says,
that the mere fact of a certificate standing unpaid
on the books of the Treasury, to any particular
person is very little evidence of its authenticity.
It is evidence of this fact, and perhaps no more:
that at one time the Government was indebted to
AB, orC D, to such an amount; but the pre-
sumption of time—which is a substantial one, re-
garded in all judicatories—is against its existence
at this period, unless there be something to rebut
the presumption of payment by lapse of time.
Here the facts were such as satisfied the Senate
that that presumption was rebutted, and the Sen-
ate allowed the amount, but it was stricken out,
as I have said, by the committee of conference.
Mr. WELLER. If I understand this proposi-
tion, it is a very simple one. If I were to give my
promissory note to an individual, payable two
years hence, and it should not be paid at that time,
but after the lapse of some eight or ten years the
payee should lose the note, and produce satisfac-
tory evidence to me of its loss, I should consider
myself bound as an honest man, to pay that debt.
I am in favor of compelling this Government to
do whatever integrity and honesty would demand
in the case of common individuals. Now, sir, the
issuing of the certificate was evidence of the indebt-
edness of the Government. That certificate has
been lost, and I would compel this Government to
observe the same rules which honest men are com-
pelled to observe in their transactions.
Mr. DAWSON. This is equivalent to an ab-
solute appropriation of the amount of principal
and interest due upon this paper. The amend-
ment is to provftfe for a claim which has been in-
terposed for the amount of this certificate, which
appears upon the books of the Treasury. There
is no evidence whatever, that I have heard, that
this paper was at any time, or has been during
; the last thirty years, in the possession of any one
of these claimants. The only restriction placed
on them in the amendment is:
" Provided, satisfactory evidence be prodncfd to the Spc-
i retary ox" the Treasury that said administrator is the bona
j | fide holder of said claim."
|| What is the claim? Suppose they presented
|j it; what will the Secretary of the Treasury have
|[ tc. do? He will find the name of Grubb upon the
books for such a certificate, and that will be all
l| the evidence. The man to whom it was issued is
|[ dead. The executor or administrator upon his
i; estate is dead. Then, when this matter is dis-
covered, some twenty, or thirty, or I do notknow
how many years afterwards, administration de
bonis non cum lestamento annexo, is taken out for
the purpose of getting this claim. It is not re-
quired that the parties shall go back and show
that the original holder is dead, that the first
