1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
present, I think, during three sessions, at least,
in which bills have been introduced and passed,
involving the same principles, and nearly the same
details, is quite as competent to argue the case
now as he will be at any subsequent period. I
am sure if I thought the Senator from Delaware
was not prepared at this moment to discuss this
bill with a full knowledge of its principles and its
details, I should consider it as a matter of neces-
sary and proper courtesy to consent to his motion
to postpone; but knowing the ability and zeal
with which he examines all questions of this kind,
I am sure he will not be able to do more justice to
his argument five or six days hence than now.
Therefore, if the motion be insisted on, I shall
ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish only to say that I sup-
pose I am a better judge as to whether I am pre-
pared to argue the question now or not, than the
honorable Senator from Louisiana. I certainly
have not certain facts, certain comparisons which
I wish to make of the bill before us with the ante-
cedent bills which have been passed when 1 was
not a member of the body. Those which were
passed during the last Congress while I was
a member of the Senate, were not, according
to my recollection, subjects of discussion; certainly
not of extended discussion. As to the full discus-
sion of which the honorable gentleman speaks as
having taken place at this session, 1 have not
heard it, certainly; though I have heard the ques-
tion partially discussed.
if I am not wrong, the bill was not reported
from the Committee on Public Lands until the
30th day of January, which is a period now of
two weeks. Since then, we have had a great
many other exciting subjects before the Senate,
and many collateral questions which one is obliged
to examine. I never anticipated, and I presume
that no Senator on this floor anticipated, that this
question would come up to-day. I had supposed
that while the discussion on the Nebraska bill
was pending, other questions of importance would
not be taken up. One thing is very certain, that
on a question of privilege which would otherwise
be entitled to precedence, the debate has been
stopped, though it was the order of the day for
Thursday last, and it has passed even unnoticed
in the Senate under the pressure of the Nebraska
bill. Besides, we had the enunciation on the part
of two Senators on the last day of our session, that
they both intended to speak to-day, and hence I
presumed that the whole day, after one o'clock,
would have been'consumed in the discussion of
the Nebraska bill. I did not come here to-day for
the purpose of discussing this bill, because I did
not expect that it would be taken up; and hence
I have made my motion to postpone.
It is a. matter of indifference to me whether the
Senate choose to grant my request or not, for I
can and will take occasion hereafter, on some other
of these bills, to express my sentiments. And
certainly I will not speak now if the Senate re-
fuses to postpone the bill til! Monday.
Mr. CLAYTON. I believe the Senate never he-
fore refused, on an application of this kind, the
courtesy of postponing the consideration of a sub-
ject for a few days, to £ive a Senator an opportu-
nity of being heard. This is a great subject. It
is one about which there is a very great difference
of opinion. I hardly know of a more import-
ant subject for discussion at this session; and in
constderatioTi of the fact that we are pressed by
the Nebraska bill, and by the bill providing in-
demnity for French spoliations, and many other
measures which occupy our thoughts, I trust the
Senate will not depart from the courtesy with
which it has heretofoie indulged gentlemen upon
such bills. I hope, therefore, that by unanimous
consent the measure may lie over until Monday,
and then we can come prepared to understand it
and hear it discussed.
Mr. JOHNSON. The motion is to postpone
the further consideration of this bill untd next
Monday. To-day is Monday, and hence the
motion is to postpone it for a whole week. Sir, I
am satisfied that it will not take a gentleman of
the intelligence of the Senator from Delaware,
with that general knowledge which he already pos-
sesses on these subjects, a whole week to investi-
gate the few points which are involved in these
bills. And as it bears hardly upon us, I think it
would be but just to those of us who feel that we
suffer by the delay, to name an earlier day.
Whilst I am willing, on my part, to concede to
the Senator all necessary time, I am not willing to
give him a whole week. I think two days will be
sufficient.
Another thing I would suggest to the good, com-
mon sense of the gentleman, andHt is this: By
postponing this bill you will involve a con test upon
almost every other bill of this sort. What do you
achieve by laying this bill over? Simply this: the
Senator whose bill is now before the Senate is
compelled to wait for a week before it can be taken
up. It will be postponed, but the other bills will
not be postponed, and we shall be at perfect liberty
to bring up any other bill of the same class on any
intervening day. I do not rely, however, on this
argument; but 1 think the Senator himself must
feel that it is hardly just to ask us now to postpone
this bill for a week. We have but few opportu-
nities to bring our bills before the body when there
is an important special order pending. Then, with
all the time which he has had, considering the re-
peated number of sessions at which these matters
have heretofore been discussed, the general inform-
ation which already exists, and the easy accessi-
bility of further information on this subject, it is
unjust, I think, that he should ask for a whole week.
It does not seem to me to be right; and I respectfully
submit to him whether he cannot name a shorter
day. If I may be allowed, I will move to amend
his proposition so as to make the postponement be
until Wednesday next instead of until Monday.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I should vote,
although deeply interested in the question of the
disposition of the public lands, for the postpone-
ment proposed by the Senator from Delaware,
with great pleasure, but for one thing: 1 feel that
if this motion succeeds it necessarily carries with
it all of the other land bills; for, I take it for
granted, that the Senate would not postpone the
bill in which the Senator from Louisiana takes so
deep an interest, and then allow others to have
their bills taken up and passed before disposing of
his bill. If the motion succeeds, it necessarily
carrieswvith it all the other bills. With that view
of the case I should vote for the motion, although
it operates hardly on myself, if I had any assur-
ance that when Monday comes the Senate will
take up the bills and act upon them. But if we
postpone a bill for a week, at the instance of the
Senator from Delaware, how shall we refuse to
postpone it for another week for some other Sen-
ator, and another week for some other, until these
bills, by appeals to our courtesy, shall be post-
poned from time to time to the end of the session,
or so near the end that it will be impossible to
procure the action of the House of Representa-
tives upon them ?
Sir, 1 am willing, as a young Senator, to yield
everything in the way of courtesy which I can
yield in justice to my State; but when appeals to
my better feelings, and to my courtesy, are made,
which involve a surrender of the rights of my
constituents and of my State, I feel that more is 1
asked than I can give. If, in accordance with the |
suggestion of the Senator from Arkansas, the
Senator from Delaware thinks he will be piepared i
to go on in two days, and with the hope that when
that time shall have expired, other Senators will ;
be prepared to pursue the discussion, so far as it i
is to be considered at all, I am willing to vote for a !
postponement for that period. Beyond that I do !
not feel disposed to go.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I hope there
will not be any serious objection to granting to j
the Senator from Delaware that which he asks.
Personally, I have no wish to delay the passage
of any of these bills; no wish to discuss them; no
desire to occupy time upon them; but I am very ;
certain that at no time since I have been a member ;
of this body, would such a request, supported by '
such reasons, be followed by anything else, on !
the part of the Senate, than an acquiescence in the !
proposal of the gentleman who asks the favor. j
With regard to the suggestion of my friend from :
Mississippi, that we shall be called upon to post- ;
pone another week for another gentleman, permit!
me to say that, if we were to adopt that idea as ;
the rule by which we should determine upon an jj
application to extend a courtesy to any gentleman jj
of the Senate, we should have to begin and refuse j1
giving courtesy at all, because, undoubtedly, that}
courtesy may be abused; but I can assure him of
one thing: as far as I am concerned, if ] shall dis-'
cover any disposition on the part of any Sena' I]
tor to pursue such a course as he has suggested,
he will never command my vote for aiding him in
it. But the case is this: the Senator from Dela-
ware says he wishes to discuss the whole principle
of these appropriations. He is not prepared to do
it now, but will be on Monday. It is suggested
to postpone to Wednesday or Thursday; but I
think my friends will perceive in a moment that
that postponement will accomplish no purpose,
because we have not the slightest reason to believe
that by Thursday the Nebraska bill will be out of
the way. I think, therefore, that what is asked
ought to be conceded to the honorable Senator,
and that, in reality, my friend from Mississippi
will be mistaken in supposing that there will be
any disposition in the Senate—and I hope there
will be none in any Senator—to make, by a suc-
cession of applications of this kind, an unneces-
sary delay in the passage of the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, it has seemed
to me, for several days past, that, instead of being
in the Senate of the United States, we had fallen
into a county court, and that, when a Senator*
standing upon his own sense of his responsibili-
ties to his constituents and to the country, ap-
pealed to the Senate for the customary courtesy,
nis statements were examined and scrutinized
with the care which is taken to scrutinize the affi-
davits of a party seeking to delay the trial of a
cause. Now, sir, I think it is due to the honor-
able Senator from Delaware that he should not be
placed in a false position on this subject. Sur-
prise is expressed that he is not prepared at this
time, and that he may not be prepared on Thurs-
day next, to discuss the general principle involved
in the policy of granting lands for railroads to the
States. Sir, I should, on the other hand,be very
much surprised if he was, under nil the circum-
stances, prepared now; and I shall esteem it very
creditable to him when 1 see that he'is prepared
to discuss this great question on Monday next—
the day he himself assigns. No Senator who
heard the argument—distinguished for itgacumen,
distinguished for its ability, distinguished for its
research, and distinguished for its candor—with
which that Senator furnished this body upon the
question of the contested-election case from Ver-
mont, can be surprised that he is not prepared to
follow that, within three or four days, by a simi-
lar argument upon the question on which he de-
sires to address the Senate. Besides that, I doubt
not that the honorable Senator has been pressed,
as we have all been pressed, by the great question
which now occupies the attention of the Senate, to
the exclusion of everything else; and has felt the
necessity of being prepared to express his opinion
upon it to-day, because a vote might be required
of him to-day.
I have made these remarks because I thought
there was reason to fear injustice would be done
to the honorable Senator by supposing that he
ought to be prepared to discuss this subject at this
moment. I have always voted for every one of
these bills, though I have no personal interest in
them 
Mr. SLIDELL. If the honorable Senator from
New York will excuse me, I will state, that, after
consultation with the friends of these various bills,
we assent to the suggestion that the consideration
of this bill be postponed to Monday next, with,
however, the distinct understanding, in which I
hope the Senate will generally acquiesce, that
when it does come up on Monday, the bill will be
disposed of.
Mr. SEWARD. I will barely add that I have,
of course, nothing to say on that subject. I am,
with the honorable Senator, in favor of these bills;
but T give notice to honorable Senators who desire
the passage of these bills, that, if they expect my
vote at the price of a courtesy due to a Senator
from one of the old thirteen States, they will never
get it, even for their biifs.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. As one of those Sen-
ators, I repudiate the lecture which has been read
to me by the honorable Senator from New York.
It is in as bad taste as is his eulogium in reference
to a pending matter, on which the Senate of the
United States are called to vote, touching a high
constitutional question. I submit to none trom
him. I take none from him. I throw it back
upon him.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish to know if H is the
general understanding that the bills will be acted
upon on the day assignated ? I do not understand
