410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
the remarks of the Senator from New York. Does
he consent i.o, or does he mean by what he has
,saiiJ, to protest against any such understanding
that the Senate wiJi then by general consent take
the mutter up 5
Mr. SEWARD. I will inform the honorable
Senator, so far 6s f am concerned, that [ am with
htm for taking up the bill and passing it at any
time desired.
Mr. JOHNSON. I merely wanted to know if
it is the understanding that we shall then dispose
of the billj because if it is, I will go for the motion
to postpone; but, if otherwise, I will not go for it.
Mr. DAWSON. I beg to say that I enter into
no contract that we shall take up the bill and pass
it. 1 cannot consent to that,
Mr. JOHNSON. Take it up and vote upon it.
Mr. DAWSON. If we have time, I shall cer-
tainly make no opposition to take it up and go
into the discussion of it; but I beg for myself not
to be bound to vote for the bill when it comes up.
Mr. BROWN. Nobody expects that.
M r. JOHNSON. All that sve ask is, that when
these bills come up they shall be considered with-
out any unnecessary delay.
Mr. DAWSON. All that I mean to be under-
stood from my acquiescence is fhat it shall he
considered polite towards these bills to take them
up on the day named.
The motion to postpone the further considera-
tion of the bill until Monday next was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I now move that ail the other
bills upon the Calendar, which have been reported
on favorably by the Committee on Public Lands,
and which propose to make grants of the public
lands to the several States for railroad purposes,
be postponed to the same day.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 understand that all these
bills are framed in exactly the same way, with no
variation, except ns to the termini, and, of course,
the quantity of land to be taken, according to the
length of the road.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is all.
Mr. GWIN. My object is that we may take
up all these bills and pass them at once; not pass
one to-day, and one six weeks hence, which I
think unjust.
Mr. BUTLER. The gentleman takes it for
granted that all these bills will be passed. [Laugh-
ter.] I have no doubt of it.
Mr. BADGER. By common consent it can be
understood that these bills will come up one after
the other.
Mr. Gwin's motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE hESSION.
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent in the consideration
thereof, the doors were reopened,
And the Seriate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 13, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev, William H. Milburn.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
Mr. J. Glancy Jones, a Representative elect
from the State of Pennsylvania, in the pl«ce of
Henry A. Muhlenberg, deceased, appeared and
qualified by taking the usual oath to support the
Constitution of the United States.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the interior, m
obedience (o a resolution of the House, passed on
the 30th ultimo, transmitting a statement, showing,
as near as may be, the number of acres of the
public lands which have been donated by the
Government of the United States, and for what
purposes, specifying the quantity for each pur-
pose, and in what States and Territories; which
was ordeied to lie upon the table and be printed.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business in
order was theconsideration of aprivileged motion.
REMONSTRANCE AGAINST NEBRASKA BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to present the
remonstrance of one hundred citizens of Savannah,
Illinois, against the passage of any bill organiz-
ing Nebraska Territory so that slavery can be in-
troduced there.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Is it in order to move
to suspend the rules to enable.me to present the
remonstrance?
The SPEAKER. It is not, because there is
already a privileged motion pending over from
Friday. It is a motion made by the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to lay upon the table
a bill reported from a Committee of the Whole
House, and after a demand for the previous ques-
tion had been seconded. Is it the pleasure of the
House to proceed to the consideration of that bill?
Mr. WHEELER. What is it?
The SPEAKER. It is Senate bill (No. 2)   to
indemnify the State of Indiana for the failure of
title to a township of land granted to said State on
her admission into the Union in 1816."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe that my col-
league, [Mr. Dunham,] who has that bill especially
in charge, is willing that it shall he over until the
next private bill day.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
bill will go over until Friday next.
No objection was made.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Is it in order now to
make a motion to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I submitted ||
a motion to suspend the rules just now, and the
Chair decided that it was not m order.
TheSPEAKER. Nor was it in order until the
bill reported from the Committee of the Whole
House was disposed of. The gentleman from Il-
linois did not address the Chair after that bill was
disposed of, until the gentleman from Kentucky
had been recognized. This is the day set apait for
the call of the States for resolutions, beginning with
the State of New York.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. lam about to make
a motion to suspend the rules, with a view to take
! up the motion that was laid upon the taS^e the
other day, to reconsider the vote by "which the
deficiency bill was rejected.
It seems to be due trom the Committee of "Ways
and Means, perhaps, to make an effort, in some
form, to resuscitate that or some other bill; and m
order that the House may exactly know what is
proposed to be accomplished, if it will allow me,
1 will make a statement, not extending over two
minutes, stating the steps designed to be taken.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the gentleman shall be indulged in the
statement he proposes?
[Cries of " Go oi) I"}
Mr. BRECK1JNR1DGE. I propose to move
to suspend the rules to take up the motion to re-
consider, which was laid upon the table. If the
rules be suspended the motion will be taken up,
and the question will be reconsidered. If recon-
sidered, then it will be necessary to move to sus-
pend the rules, with a view to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was engrossed for a third read-
ing.
if the vote be reconsidered the question will then
,, be, "Shall the bill rejected the other day be en-
j[ grossed tor a third reading?" At that pomt of
|j time, I propose, if I can jjet the iloor, to move the
bill which I hold in my hand as a substitute for
! j the deficiency bill, which was rejected the other
I] day; and it is fair to notify the Mouse that I shall
j! move the previous question, which would bring
j; the House to a vote between the bill which I hold
!: in my hand and the bill which was rejected the
|! other day.
i; I will only add, that the bill in my hand is the
deficiency bill as it came from the Committee of
! | Ways and Means, together with the amendments
>| put upon it by the recommendations of the com-
j' mittees of this House. If this course be pursued
j! it will give the House an opportunity to take
[i either of the bills, or neirher, whichever it may
prefer.
Mr. McMULLIN obtained the floor. j
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken- j
tucky proposes to move to suspend the rules of i
the House, for the purpose of taking from the I
table the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the deficiency bill was defeated.
Mr BRECKINRIDGE. 1 will only add, that
the effect will be to put both bills within the power
of the House; and it can take either of them, or
neither of them, whichever it may prefer. I now
move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. McMullin] was recognized by the
Chair, and is now upon the floor.
Mr. McMULLIN. I should like to be able to
gratify the gentleman in his suggestion; but differ-
ing with him, out and out, as to the parliamentary
question involved, I cannot vote for the proposition.
1 would most respectfully suggest to the gentle-
man from Kentucky, and the House, whether
inasmuch as the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means is not in his place, this question
should be mooted at this time ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will state to the
gentleman that the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means is absent on necessary business,
and that this motion is made by his consent.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand the yeasand nays
on the motion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, obtained the
floor.
Mr. McMULLIN. i have not yielded the floor.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
Chair has recognized the gentleman from Georgia.
He may have sought the floor for the submission
of a privileged question.
Mr. STEPHENS. I suggest that the gentle-
man from Kentucky will withdraw what he has
stated in respect to a substitute for the bill, because,
perhaps, a majority of the House will not take
that substitute. 1 would propose that he barely
adopt such course as will again bring that bill be-
fore the House. If the gentleman persist in sta-
ting that he will offer the substitute, and call the
previous question upon it, so as to bring the House
to a direct vote between the bills, both, perhaps,
will again be lost.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has the floor. If discussion or explanation
be allowed it is the gentleman's right to be heard.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I only wish to make
a single remark, in reply to what has been said by
the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. McMULLIN, I will yield to the gentle-
man, if it be the pleasure of the House.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If the steps I have
suggested be taken, when the question comes up
on the substitute I propose, if a majority of the
House is in favor of that substitute, it will be put
in; if a majority is opposed to the substitute it
will be voted down, and the question will then
recur on the deficiency bill, which was defeated
the other day. So the House v/ill have choice
between the two bills.
Mr. FLORENCE. It is only fair, then, that
the substitute be read to the House.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. It will be read.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Kentucky a question, that I may
understand this proposition, and I trust that he
will be kind enough to give it answer. I would
inquire whether the bill he proposes to submit as
a substitute embraces the appropriation made by
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will reply to the
gentleman, that it does not embrace all of those
items.
it simply embraces the items reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means originally, to-
gether with those items which were added to it on
the suggestion of other committees, and recom-
mended by the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union for adoption by the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman fiom
Virginia [Mr. McMullin] allow me to make a
suggestion ?
Several Members. I object to this discus-
sion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must interpose.
The matter cannot be discussed unless by the
unanimous consent of the House. The gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge] has
made a motion to suspend the rules of the House,
for the purpose indicated by him, which is to sub-
mit a motion to take from the table the vote by
which the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table. No debate, and no explanation, is m order,
unless it be conceded by the unanimous consent
of the House.
Mr. WALSH. I object to anything further on
the subject.
The SPEAKER. If explanation or discussion
