1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
be allowed at all, the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. McMullin] has the floor for that purpose.
Mr. CAMPBKLL. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. McMullin] to allow me to make
a suggestion.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will statf his question of order.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to know, Mr. Speaker,
whether this debate is in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I insist on our adher-
ing to the rules of the House.
A Member. I call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays are de-
manded on the motion of the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge] to suspend the
rules.
Mr. HAMILTON. I desire to ask a question
for information: Whether it is not*competent for
the Committee of Ways and Means to have a sus-
pension of the rules to refer the original bill lothe
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union r
The SPEAKER, it is competent for the House 1
to take that course by a suspension of the rules. ,
Mr. CAM PR ELL. I wwuid like to understand !
what the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Breck- ;
inridge] himself  j
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The gentle- j
man from Virginia [Mr. McMullin] wasaddress-
ing the Chair.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman from
Viigmia allow me but a moment to make an in-
quu y?
The SPEAKER. The Chair must enforce the
rule.
Mr. OLDS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a question
of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair repeats that no
discussion or explanation is in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I object to anything J
further m the matter. i
The SPEAKER. All debate and explanation 1
is out of older. ,
Mr. McMULLlN. I desire to know if the
Chair has entertained, under the rules of the 1
House, the proposition of the gentleman from j
Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge?] ^ j
The SPEAKER. The Chair did entertain it; it
is competent for the House to do almost anything, j
when it chooses to set aside the rules of the House. ;
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I hope the House j
will adhere to the rules. j
Mr. McMULLlN. I object to the gentleman |
from Kentucky, as being clearly out of order, and
his course being in violation of the rules.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
rora Kentucky is to suspend all law.
Mr. WHEELER. Has not this matter been
laid upon the table oncer
Mr. ORR. i rise to ask a question for inform-
ation. i desire to know if it is competent lor the
Committee of Ways and Means to report another—
a new—deficiency bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair 1ms no doubt
about it. it will be for the Committee of Ways
and Means itself to determine what its powers are.
Mr. ORR. Then I hope the committee will
adopt that course.
Mr. PECKHAM. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
inquire whether in the case any other than the or-
dinary course should be taken? Why should
not the Committee of Ways and Means retire and
repoit, m the ordinary way, another deficiency
bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be bound to
ariest anything hke discussion, because it is en-
titHy on i of oi dei. .
M \ FLORENCE. I desire to ask the Chair
a tu>«]e question
The SPE \KER. The Chair repeats that dis-
cussion and explanation is out of oiuci.
JVir. FLORENCE. Then I rise to a privileged
question.
~ Mr. CAMPBELL. I object to the gentleman
propounding any question, except a pumt of or-
der he ra'st-d. .
Several Mkmbers. "Question!" "Question!
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 do raise a point of order.
'I nc SPEA KER. The guultmasi from Penn-
" ,-imm will uMte his point of order.
FLORENCE The noint of o>der which
syi
 -
[ rat-'Ci- u"*: that the gentleman from Kentucky,
haviivr indicated his purpose to present a bill, it
is in order to have that bill read at the Clerk's
table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that it is hot
in older.
M r. FLORENCE. Very well; that is all which
I desired to know.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I find that the steps
to be taken, and the objections made, are too nu-
merous to enable me to carry the proposition I
have made; and if it be in order to withdraw such
motion I will do so, and move to suspend the rules
so as to enable me to introduce the bill which I
hold in my hand, and move that it be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. ORR. That will do.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I have already in-
dicated the nature of the bill I propose to intro-
duce.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky submits a motion——
Mi. CAMPBELL, (interrupting.) I desire to
make an inquiry. It is, whether the Committee
of Ways and Means could not, when they are
called upon in the regular order of committees,
introduce this bill, without the necessity of a sus-
pension of the rules?
The SPEAKER. Most certainly.
Mr. ORR. They might, when that committee
is called, but the committee may not be called
again for a week or more. •
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Breckinridge] submits a motion that
the rules be suspended, so as to enable him to in-
troduce a new deficiency bill.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. No, sir; the Chair
mistakes. It is not a new bill from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, but one intioduced by
me, upon my own responsibility. It is the bill
originally reported from the Committee of Ways
and Means, with such amendments as were recom-
mended by the standing committees, and adopted
by theXommittee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to inquire of the Chair
whether the parliamentary law is not express and
emphatic, that a matter being disposed of it is not
in order, at the samesession, to bring in the same,
in substance, before the House, no matter how it
varies in detail? Is not that a fundamental par-
liamentary law >
The SPEAKER. The Chair will respond.
Suppose that 
Mr, DISNEY. The Chair will excuse me.
One word further. I desire to say, that in my
judgment—of the correctness of which I have no
sort' of doubt—that the decision of the Chair, and
the original motion of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky,'were strictly parliamentary, and that they
1 indicated the only mode in which this House can
arrive at the consideration of this bill at this time.
But the pending motion is unparliamentary and
! dangerous as a piecedent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
• rule referred to by the gentleman from Ohio may
| be suspended by the positive order of the House.
! That is the subject upon which we are now en-
: gaged. The House can suspend not only that
j rule, but every other rule standing m the way of
j the introduction of that bill. Of this the Chair has
. no doubt.
■ Mr CAMPBELL I desire to inquire of the
honorable gentleman from Kentucky, whether the
bill which he proposes to introduce has ever been
1 submitted to the Committee of Wjys and Means?
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I object to tliisd'sciism'on.
We have already wasted time enough upon the
matter, and I object to any conversation which is
not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I contend that it is in or-
der to inquire whether the bill litis been reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means, or sub-
mitted by them.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. With the permis-
sion of the Speaker, I will state whot the lull is
which is proposed to be referred to theCommitlee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. It is
the hill as it originally came from the Committee
of Ways and Means, together with the amend-
ments recommended by the standing committees
of this House. These are all the contents of the
bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman allow
! me to ask Inm a question >
Mr. PRESTON, (interrupting.) I ask the gen-
tleman fiom Kentucky whether the amendments
are those which the Committee of the Whole Or-
dered?
! Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The amendments
; put into the bill by the Committee of the Whole
j are not in this bill, wi<h the exception of those
which were recommended by the standing com-
| mittees of the House. If this bill is introduced
| and referred to the Committee of the Whole, gen-
| tlemen can move their amendments again.
\ Mr. CAMPBELL. Jrlas this bill been sub-
; mitted and acted upon by the Committee of Ways
and Means, and recommended by them ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. It has not been form-
ally acted upon by that committee, but a majority
1 of them have requested that it should be submitted
[ to the House.
] Mr. WHEELER demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend theiules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Thegentleman
from Kentucky says that this bill has received the
approbation or sanction of a majority of the Com-
mitlee of Ways and Means. 1 beg leave to say
to the House, that that committee has not been
called together, and that I have never seen or heard
of this bill before. It has not received my sanction.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I wish to make a
personal statement. I did not offer this bill as
coming from the Committee of Ways and Means;
but, after conversation with a majority of that
committee, I determined, on my own responsibil-
ity, to take this course, believing that it will meet
their approval. In fact, I do it at the request of a
majority of the members of the committee. It is
not the act of the committee, but my own indi-
I vidual act. My only object is to put it in the
i power of the House, if dissatisfied with the bill
rejected tjie other day, to pass such a one as a ref-
erence to the wants and interests of the country
• may lequire.
j Mr. BOBBINS. I have never been consulted
m the matter, but I desire that the bill may be
recommitted to the Committee of Ways and
Means, or referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. I know noth-
ing about the bill.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Breck-
inridge's motion, and there were—yeas 107,
nays 72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen,Willis Allen, AppJeton,
Ashe, Thomas H. Bayly, Banks, Barksdale, Belrlier, Beil-
' nett, Benton, Bliss, Uncock, Bieekmridge, Bridges, Chas-
t.un UhrlMnan. Clark, Clingmau, Cobb, Colquitt, Craige,
Cmiia, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dean,
Dent, llowdell, Drum, lumbar, Eastman, Eddy, Edmund-
sou Ellison, Hnshsh, Etheridge, Everhart, Fenton, Flagler,
Fuller Giddm«s", Goode, Green, Greenwood, Grow, Ilaunl-
, ton. Andrew J. llailan, Wiley P. Hams, Hastings, Hell-
! ducks, Henn, Ihbbard, Hughes, Johnson, Roland Jones,
J. Glancy Jones, Kiihvell, Kitlredge, Kurtz, Lane, Latham,
Maedouahl, MeMuihn. McNair, Maee, Maey, Maxwell,
MtiUll'-swartli. Smith Miller, Millson, Morrison, Murrav,
Nichols, Noble, (.lids, Orr. Packer, Bishop Perkins. Phelps,
Phillips. Puryear,Ricliaidson, Kuidle.Robbies,Itulfin, Sey-
mour Shaw", SJmsleton, Skelton, Samuel A Smith, V\ n-
ham R Smith, Frederick I'. Stanton, Richard II. Stanton,
Hester L. Stevens, Stiatton, Btiaub,Thur-ton, I roul, vail,
Yansant, Wade, Walker, Warien, Wells, John Went-
1 worth, Daniel 8 Wiight, and Zollicoffer—107.
j N-\VS—Messis. Ball, Benson, Bllgg, Campbell, Carpen-
' ter, Carutheis, Cliase, Oorwm, Cox, Ciocker, Cullom,
JlKk, Dickinson, Disiiei, Edgerlon, F.ilinands, Farley,
Florence. Grew Aaron Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Hiester,
u(11. Hilner, Hunt, Daniel T Jones, Geoige W. Jones,
Kei i, Knox, 'Letcher, Lonlley, Mi Ciilloch, MeUu en,Mat-
teson, Maunee, John G. Miller, Morgan, Norton, Andrew
Olivei. Mnrdeeai Oliver, I'eck, Peckham. Penmngion,
John Perkins, Pratt, Preston, I'ringle, ileese, David Riteme,
Thomas ttnuiev, Ro^fis, Ru-sell, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, bun-
! mens. Ge, nt Smith, Georee VV. Smyth, Snodgrass, Ahx-
andei H. Stephens. Anihew Smart, John L. laWor, J rat},
• Two. d, llpllam. W.ilbndge, Walsh, Ell.hu B. U ashburne,
' Israel IVa-hbtmi, Wlan>h:r3 and Hendntk B. VVri0ht
Two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
Mr BRECKINRIDGE. The House having
indicated iis sense in this respect, I wish now to
make the motion which I oi.gma.ly made.
I will
nuiKe the motion j
make another effort for the purpose of getting the
bill, in some form, before the House. I move o
suspend the rules, so as to take from the laole
' the motion by which the deficiency bill was re-
''e<Mr.' HAMILTON". Upon that proposition I
demand the yees and nays.
: The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Illinois. What was
the effect of the last vote ?
