11-22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
to take into consideration the fact that this is the
last day set aside for the consideration of territo-
rial business, and I hope the House will therefore
go into the Committee of the Whole, and resume
the consideration of bills in reference to Territo-
ries which are properly upon the Calendar.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move now
that the House adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I make that motion.
Mr. WHEELER. Upon that I^lemand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois. I rise to a question
of order. I understand that the last vote taken
was upon a motion to adjourn. If so, this motion
is not now in order.
The SPEAKER. Since that vote was taken
business has been transacted. The House has
ordered the yeas and nays upon a motion that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish to ask the Chair
a question for the purpose of information. If the
House should now adjourn, will this bill come up
for consideration on Monday morning?
The SPEAKER. The Chairthinks it would not
come up, unless other morning business should
first be disposed of. The Chair is not very clear
as to what us position will be. He will decide
that question when it arises.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. If the House should
adjourn now, what will be the condition of the
teiriforial business which has been reported from
the Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. If the House will indulge
the Chair—for the motiQn to adjourn strictly cuts
off all this conversation—he will say that he does
not recollect what has been the practice in such
cases. They do not often occur, lie is, how-
ever, of the opinion that this business would be
in order during the morning hour.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to adjourn; and decided in the affirmative—yeas,
88, nays f>9; as follows:
YEAtf—Moms. Hall, Bennett, TJciiMm, Brook?, litis?,
Campbell, Carpenter, Chandler, CIniMnan, Colquitt, Cor
win. Cuiiye, Cioeker, Cul!<un, Cultm^, Thomas Davis,
Dirk, Dickinson, Disney, Dinm, KrimumJs, Thomas D.
F.Iiot, Rtheruh e, ICvihuit, Fenfon, Flakier, Franklin,
Guiding, Goodrich, Hamilton,Sampson W. Harris, ffain-
Kon, Haven, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Ingowill, Daniel T.
Jone>, Geotge VV. Join's, Kerr, KulvveN, Kittied^c, Knox,
Kurt/, Li-tHier, Lilly, Ljon, Meaeh.un, Middle-waiih,
Mm lay, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Pai ker, Peck ham, Bi-diop
rerkin>, Powell, I'restou, Puryear, Ready, Reej-e, David
Ritchie, KitHiii, Sabin, Sapp, Seward, Shaw, Shower, Sim
Hjt>t>s, William Smith, Hnodgnns, Richard U. Stanton,
Alexander JL Stephen-, Andrew Stu.nt, John J. Taylor,
John T,. Tayioi, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Tracy,
Trout, Twt-ed, Upiiam, Wado, Walley, WaKh, Watren,
Wheeler, Hendrick tt. Wright, and Zoliicolfei—t'H.
NAYS— Me>.Ms. Aheieromhic, James C. Allen, David
J. Bailey, Bunk«, Haikvlnle, Dairy, Bovce, Hre<-kinndu<*,
<7askio, Churchwcll, Claik, Cobb, Curtis, John G. Davi*,
Dovvdell, Dunbar, Dunham, l^a^tuian, Kdd\, Kdgerlon,
John M. Elliott, Ellison, En hsh, Florence, Gamble, Green,
Greenwood, rienduukit, lienn, Jlibbatd, Houston, John-
son, Roland Jones, Kent, Lane, Lindsley, Macdonald,
McDuugall, MeNair, Macy, Maueson, Mavall, John G.
Miller, Smith Millei, Million, Noble, Old-, Mordecai Oli-
ver, Orr, Plmlp*, Phillips, Pratt, Richardson, Russell, Sey-
mour, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith,
George W. Smyth, Ilestor L. Stevens, Stratton, David
Ktuart, Vail, Rlhhu H. Wa-hburne, If-rael Wa^hlmin,
Welh, John Wentworth. Tappan Wentworth, and Daniel
B. Wright—69.
 So the motion was agreed to; and
Thereupon, at half-past one o'clock, the House
adjourned until Monday next, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 8, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
THE NEBRASKA-KANSAS BJLL.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented a remonstrance
signed by five hundred and four clergymen of the
northwestern States against the passage of the
Nebraska-Kansas bill. He commented at some
length upon the language of the remonstrance,
and upon the proceedings of a meeting of clergy-
men at Chicago, held on the 27th day of March.
Pie responded to the reply of one of those clergy-
men to his letter in answer to their proceedings,
and commented on a sermon of Rev. Dr. Richard-
son, of Chicago, delivered on the 5th of March.
[The speech will be found in the Appendix.]
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting, m compliance with the reso-
lution of the Senate of the 12th of January last, a
report from the Secretary of State, communicating
copies of the correspondence between the legation
of the United States and the Government of Chili,
in relation to the impressment or forcible abduc-
tion of four seamen from the United States whale-
ship Addison.
A Senator. Let it be printed.
Mr. GW1N. 1 move that the communication
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. They can see whether it ought to be printed
or not.
Mr. BELL. Is it not unusual to print such
communications?
Mr. GWIN. It may be unnecessary to print
it. It is a very large document, and it can be
printed hereafter, if the Committee on Foreign
Relations think it ought to be printed.
Mr. BELL. The communication is in response
to a resolution which I offered. Of course my
object was to have it published; but let it go. I
will hereafter make the motion to print, if it be
necessary.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foiejgn Relations.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate, a statement of the amount of
bonds and other secuuties of the United States,
redeemed since the 3d March, 1853; which was
ordered to he on the table, and be printed.
Also, a message from the President of the United
States, communicating, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the Senate, copies of the correspondence
m leiation to the arrest, at Bremen, of Conrad
Schmidt, a natuiahzed citizen of the United States,
and the arrest at Heidelberg of E. T. Dana, and
other citizens of the United States. Also, copies
of the correspondence with the King of Prussia,
on the subject of religious toleration; which was
ordered to he on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I am requested
to present to the Senate a memorial of the Presi-
dent and Directois of the Hannibal and St. Jo-
seph's Railroad Company, praying the passage of
a bill granting them the right of way for the
construction of a railroad from a point opposite
St. Joseph's to the Pacific ocean. They ask no
grant of exclusive privileges, no land, no assist-
ance from the Government. It will be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FiSlf. I present a memorial of the Cham-
ber of Commerce, of .New York, setting forth that
they regard the present time as peculiarly favor-
able for the formation of treaties,with the great
Powers of Europe, by which the rights of neu-
trals shall be recognized and established, and for
the suppression of privateering. The memorial
is one of considerable interest, and 1 beg to com-
mend it to the especial consideration of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. 1 move, therefore,
that it be referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FISH also presented four remonstrances
signed by citizens of New York, against the pas-
sage of the Nebraska bill; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. FOOT presented resolutions, passpd at a
meeting of the citizens of Springfield, Vermont,
remonstrating against the repeal of the Missouri
compromise; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Also, additional evidence in support of the claim
of Leonard Proctor; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Also, a petition of citizens of Castleton, Con-
necticut, praying the reduction of ocean postage;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of Dr. S. J.
Anderson, agent of D. M. Wilson & Co., mer-
chants, of New York, praying that they may be
indemnified for the loss of a certificate held by
them in the Trinity Land Company for $10,000;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition of
Catherine Dickerson, widow of John Dickerson,
a revolutionary soldier, praying a pension under
the act of 1838; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the memorial of
Maria Jones, widow of Andrew A. Jones, de-
ceased, praying compensation for extra services
rendered by her late husband as inspector of the
customs at New York; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. NORR1S presented the petition of T. J.
Fox Alden, a citizen of Pennsylvania, praying
the aid of Congress, by subscription or otherwise,
to aid in the publication of " An Index to the De-
cisions of the Supreme Courtof the United States;"
which was refeired to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. TOUCEY presented a memorial of the
inhabitants of the town of Berlin, Connecticut,
praying a reduction in the rates of ocean postage;
which was referred to the Committee on the PosX
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. ALLEN presented three memorials of
eitizens of the State of Rhode Island, praying a
reduction in the rates of ocean postage; which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. CASS presented four memorials of citizens
of New York, praying that measures may be
taken to secure to American citizens traveling or
residing abroad, the rights of religious freedom;
which were refeired to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Also, a petition of citizens of the United States
residing in New York, professing the Jewish re-
ligion, praying that measures may be adopted
to secure to them civil and religious rights when
traveling in foieign countries; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. STUART presented a petition of citizens
of Detroit, Michigan, praying that a certain lot in
that city, now owned by the Government, may
be designated as a site for a custom-house; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Oulcred, That Jean Deplaigne have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
GOVERNOR RAMSAY.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. A few days ago, I asked
leave to withdraw certain papers in reference to
the investigation into the official conduct of Gov-
ernor Ramsay, of Minnesota. The Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Stuart] at that time objected to
the withdrawal, but I believe he is now satisfied
that it is proper that they should be withdrawn.
I therefore renew the motion that they be with-
drawn.
The motion was agreed to; and it was
Ordered, That certain papeis, in reference to the case of
Governor Ramsay, ot Minnesota, be withdrawn from the
filed of the Senate, m order to be presented at the Treasury
Department.
RELIGIOUS FREEDOM ABROAD.
Mr. CASS. I wish to take this opportunity of
saying, that some time since—some four or five
weeks ago, I do not exactly recollect the day—
the Senate, on my motion, were good enough to
assign a day, which has passed, for the consider-
ation of the motion submitted by me, to refer to
the Committee on Foreign Relations a report
made by Mr. Underwood at the last session, in
reference to the rights of American citizens to re-
ligious freedom abroad. Circumstances prevented
me from taking advantage of the kindness of the
Senate on that occasion, and I desire nowto have
a day assigned, on which I can state my views to
the Senate. It is immaterial to me what day be
fixed. I would rather it should not be very late;
but I do not wish to interfere with other business.
Several Senators. Say next Monday.
Mr. CASS. I shall be very happy if the Sen-
ate can hear me on the subject next Monday. I
move, therefore, for the purpose which I have in-
dicated, that the Senate now take up my proposi-
tion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASS. I now move that the further con-
sideration of the subject be postponed, and be
made the special order of the day for next Mon-
day.
The motion was agreed to.
