412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
The SPEAKER. The rules werenot suspended.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I would ask the Chair
if the motion now pending is the original motion
made by the gentleman from Kentucky ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish to make the
inquiry of the Chair, as I desire to voteunder-
standmgly, what the question really is before the
House?
The SPEAKER. It is a motion to suspend the
rules, so as to take from the table the motion by
which the deficiency bill was rejected.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If this motion
prevail, and the rules are suspended, will not the
question then be, "Shall the vote by which the
deficiency bill was rejected be reconsidered ?"
The SPEAKER. As put by the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge] such is not
the understanding of the Chair. The gentleman
from Kentucky will a^ain state his motion.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. My motion is to
suspend the rules for the purpose of taking from
the table the motion laying upon the table the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the deficiency
bill was rejected.
Mr. STEPHENS. I will explain in afew words
my understanding of the question. A motion was
made to iay the motion to reconsider upon the
table, and carried. If the House now reconsider the
question, the question then coming up will be,
"Shall the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table? " The yeas and nays will be called upon
that. If the House vote that down, and the mo-
tion to reconsider is not laid upon the table, the
question then will recur " Shall the bill be recon-
sidered That is the exact course which I in-
dicated the other day, by which the House could
again get up the bill.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Breck-
inridge's motion; and there were—yeas 102, nays
77; as follows:
YLAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Appleton, Thomas H.
Bayly, Hanks, Barksdale, Benson, Bi-jsell, Bliss, Bocoek,
Bovce, Bieckmririge, Bu<'ir, Chastain, Clark, Cox, Craige,
Crocker,Curtis,Thomas. Davi.s, Dean, De Witt, Dickinson,
Disney, Dunbar, Eddy, Edmands, Edmund<on, Ellison,
Eughfh, Ethendue, Ewmg, Farley, Fenton, Fuller, Gul-
dirigf, Goodo, Greenwood, Aaron Hailan, Wiley P. Harris,
Hairtsou, Haven, Henn, Hibhard, Hiester, Hill,
Hughe*, iluj.r, Johnson, George W Jones, ltoland Jones,
Kerr, Kid well, Latham, Lmdl"y,Lin&ley, Macdonald, Mc-
Nair,Mace, Macy. Maxwell. Middleswarth, John G. Miller,
Smith Miller, Million, Nichols, Noble, Mordecai Oliver,
Bishop Peikm>, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Preston, Fury ear,
Richardson, Riddle, David Ritchie, Robluns, Rogers, Sim-
mons, Singleton, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, Samuel A. Smith,
William It. Smith, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander II.
Stephens, Hector L. Stevens, Stratton, Straub, John L.
Taylor, Thurston, Tweed, Upham, Vail, Vansant, Wade,
Walker, Israel Washburn, Wells, Daniel B. Wright, and
Zolhcoffer—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis; Allen, A«he, Ball, Belch-
er, Bennett, Benton, Bridges, Campbell, Carpenter, Chand-
ler, Chase, Chnsman, Clingman, Cobb, Colquitt, Corwin,
Cullom, Cinnminir, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dent, Dow-
dell, Dium. ErtgejVm, Florence, Grev, Hamilton, Andrew
J. Harlan, Hemhick-., Nillyer, Daniel T. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Kmredge, Knox, Kuriz, Lane, Letcher, McCul-
loch, MeMulhn, McQueen, Maiteson, Mauiice, Morgan,
Moru^on, Murray, Norton, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Orr,
Packer, Peck, Peckham, Pennington, John Perkins, Pratt,
Pringlo, Reese, Thomas Ritchey, Iluffin, Russell, Sabin,
^H« e, Sapp, Sewaui, Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, George
W. Hmvth, Snodgra*s, Andrew Stuart, Trout, Walbndge,
Wdtab, Warren, liinbu B. W.ishburne, John Wentworth,
Wheeler, and Hendrick 13. Wnght—77.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were not suspended.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 have a resolution which
I debtre to offer, and to which, if the House will
hem* it read, I presume there will be no objection.
Mr. WALSFI. i object.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to suspend the
rules, to enable me to offer the resolution; and
now I ask that it may be read for information.
The resolution was read by the Clerk, as follows;
Resolved, That the Secreraiy of the Treasury be requested
to irai.feimt to tins TTou-e a statement showing the original
cost of each cu^tom-houj-e, including expenditure for sites
as well a* for construction arid improvements and that he
also ^tate the entire expenditure lor the last three years for
salaries and other items ot each of said custom-houses;
and that he also state the amount of revenue collected at
each place during the like period, so airanging the state-
ment as to enable Congress to s;ee at what points the ex-
penditures exceed the returns.
Mr. McMULLtN. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. It is in order to move to sus-
pend the rules. That motion has been made by
the gentleman from North Carolina, and is, there-
fore, for the time being, the regular order of busi-
ness.
Mr. McMULLIN. We are already in pos-
session of the information which the gentleman
seeks.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The information is not in
the possession of the House in the form for which
the resolution provides.
The question was put, and fifty-seven rose in
the affirmative.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask for tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Olds and
Vail appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported—
ayes 69, noes not counted.
So (two thirds of a quorum not having voted in
the affirmative) the rules were not suspended.
Mr. WENTWORTH of Illinois. I have a
resolution which I desire to introduce.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I rnoveto suspend the
rules to enable me to introduce the resolution. 1
ask that it may be read for information, and to its
reading I ask the earnest attention of the House,
for I assure them it is a matter of great importance.
The resolution was read for information, by the
Clerk, as follows;
Resolved, That the Committee of Waj-s and Means be
instructed, wheneverthey omitor change the estimates sent
to them by any Department of the Government, to report
the reason for such omission and change in writing.
Mr. WENTWORTH. If this resolution be
adopted, the House will be enabled to act under-
standing^. [Laughter.]
Mr. WALSH. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not yet be-
fore the House.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I ask that the reso-
lution may be read again. We want to under-
stand distinctly upon what we are called upon to
vote. %
The resolution was again read by the Clerk.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Now, Mr. Speaker,
if this be adopted, we out West shall understand
when 
The SPEAKER. No discussion can be per-
mitted until the rules are suspended, and the reso-
lution regularly before the House.
The question was taken, and the Speaker an-
nounced that that the noes seemed to have it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I demand the yeas
and nays, and call for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered—only three members
rising.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Then I give up all
hope of information. [Laughter.]
The question was then put? and (two thirds not
voting in favor thereof) the rules were not sus-
pended.
Mr. McMULLIN. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. Resolutions are in order from
the State of New York.
Mr. MACE. I desire to offera resolution, and
if it is objected to I shall move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. SAGE. I object to it.
Mr. MACE. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
A Member. Read the resolution.
The resolution was read, as follows;
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed to in-
vestigate all mistakes or iiauds m the disbursement of
money appropriated to the Collins steamers tor mail ser-
vice, and other steamers for like services, with power to
send for persons and papers.
I object to that resolution.
The motion is to suspend
Mr. WHEELER.
The SPEAKER.
the rules.
The question was then put, and (two thirds
voting in favor thereof) the rules were suspended.
The question was then put on the resolution,
and it was adopted.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The question was put on the latter motion, and
it was agreed to.
I he SPEAKER. Resolutions are in order
from the State of New York.
Mr. FLAGLER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed tos
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
transmit to this House, as soon as practicable, a copy of the
survey of the harbor at the mouth of the Twelve Mile
Creek, on Lake Ontario, made pursuant to an order of the
Department in 1852.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the consent of the
House to introduce to-day the report from the
joint committee relative to the wreck of the
steamer Sari Francisco, that it may be disposed of
at once.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to suspend the
rules.
The question was put, and (two thirds not
voting in favor thereof) the rules were not sus-
pended.
Mr. MAURICE, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a bill; which was read a first and
second time by its title, as follows, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce:
"A bill relative to ocean steamships."
[Here a message in writing was received from
the President of the United States, by the hands
of Mr. Sidney Webster, his Private Secretary.)
Mr. MURRAY. I should be glad, Mr. Speak-
er, to have the message, which has just been re-
ceived from the President of the United States,
read to the House.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, in pursuance of
previous notice, introduced a bill; which was read
a first and second time by its title, as follows, and
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions:
"A bill to provide pensions for revolutionary
service."
Also, in pursuance of previous notice, intro-
duced a bill; which was read a first and second
time by its title, as follows, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions:
"A bill to provide pensions to certain persons
engaged in the land and naval service of the Uni-
ted States in the war with Great Britain, declared
by the United States 18th of June, 1812."
Mr. WHEELER. I now move to take up
the resolution which I submitted two weeks since.
The Clerk read the resolution,as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to this House for what reasons ihe appro-
priation of $50,000, made by the last Congress for the im-
provement of the navigation of the Hudson river lias been
withheld ? and, also, why some definite action has not been
taken in reference to said improvement.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object.
Mr. WHEELER. I move to suspend the rules,
for the purpose I have indicated.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to suspend the rules.
Mr. CUMMING offered the following resolu-
tion, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making the port
of Brooklyn, in the State of New York, a port oi delivery,
and that they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I offer the fol-
lowing resolution, so that the Committee of Ways
and Means may again have the subject of the de-
ficiencies of appropriations in their possession:
Resolved, That so much of the President's message, and
the report of the Secretary of the Treasuiy, as relates to
deficiencies in former appropriations be re-referrect to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WALSH. 1 wish to debate that resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The resolution accordingly
lays over.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. I submit the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to inquire into the expediency of extending the provisions
of the third and fourth sections of the act of Congress, en-
titled "An act further to provide for the collection of duties
on imports," approved 2d March, 1833, so as to give the Su-
preme Court of the United States jurisdiction of all cases,
whether ansing under the revenue laws, or any other law of
the United States; and that they report by bill or otherwise.
The question was put, and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. STRAUB. I desire to present a memorial
of citizens of the Society of Fi tends, in Pennsyl-
vania, New Jersey, and Delaware, against the
introduction of slavery into the Territory of Ne-
braska.
