1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Speaker, can this me-
morial come in under the rule? If not, I object
to it. ■ , "
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, the Chair supposes, is aware of his right
to present it at the Clerk's desk, and have it re-
ferred .
Mr. STRAUB. I am aware I can take that
course, ar.d will do so. I now beg tooffer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be requested
to inquire into the expediency of reporting a resolution di-
roelinij tin: printing of Mm ty ihouaand additional copies of
tile Mechanical and Agricultural Patent Office Report of
1853, for the i^e of new members of the House.
Mr. WHEELER.
resolution.
Mr. HAVEN.
I propose to debate that
41S
. . It goes to the Committee on
Printing without a vote, and so it goes without
debate.
The SPEAKER. The resolution just reported
will, under the express rule of the House, go to
the Committee on Printing without a vote of the
House, and will not, in the opinion of the Chair,
go over as other resolutions, proposed to be de-
bated, do.
The resolution was accordingly referred to the
Committee on Printing.
_ Mr. GPtOW. I propose the following resolu-
tion, which is under the influence of the same rule:
Resolved, That two thousand copies of the Report of the
Postmaster Geneial be printed, for the use of the Post Office
Depaitment.
The SPEAKER. Under the rule referred to,
that resolution goes to the Committee on Printing.
It was so ordered.
Mr. PJTCHIE, of Pennsylvania. I move the
following resolution:
Resohed, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of increasing; the sal-
ary of judges of the district court ot tiie United States for
the western district of Pennsylvania, and that they report
by bill or otherwise.
The question was put, and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. CHANDLER. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in
structed to inquire into and leport, at as early a day as pos-
sible on the expediency of causing to be cons-tiucted or
purchased, in the. city of Philadelphia, a building lor the ac-
commodation of the courts for the eastern district of Penn-
sylvania, for the accommodation of The marshal and other
officers of the coui t, and lor the &afe keepingo! (tie archive*,
and also foi the us-e of the poit office m Philadelphia.
Mr IIIESTER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Hcsolred, That the Committee of Ways and .Means be
instructed to mquue into the expediency of changing the
prei-ent mod'1 of anticipating the payment ol the public
debt of the United States, by withdrawal of the definite
offers of the Secretary of the Treasurv, arid ^ubstituun^
therefor invitations to the holders of said debt to submit
proposals for the surrender thereof, at rate« to he specified
according to some uniform syMem in such piopo<al«, the
lowest and most favomhle of which may be. accepted by
the Seeretaiy of the Tiea^ury, at f-ueh times and rales, and
in such amounts., as shall be deemed expedient; and that
the said committee report thereon by bill or otherwise.
Mr. FLORENCE. I propose to present to the
House a memorial similar to that just presented
by my colleague, [Mr. Straub.]
Mr. WALSH. I object; such memorials can
be sent to the Clerk's desk, under the rule.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to say, that inas-
much as I occupy a position opposed to the me-
morialists  
[Cries of <{ Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the Houseto extend
to me the same courtesy which was accorded to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cutting,] and
to the gentleman from Delaware [Mr. Riddle]
the othei day.
The SPE AKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House to hear the gentleman from Pennsylvania?
Mr. CLINGMAN. J object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to suspend the rules,
so as to enable me to explain the reasons why I
present the memorial which 1 hold in my hand.
Mr. WALSH. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania whether the memorial contains any writ-
ten names, and whether it is competent for this
House to take cognizance of any but written
names ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not consider it proper
at this time to answer the question of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Walsh.]
The SPEAKER. This discussion can only
be indulged by the unanimous consent of the
House.
Several Voices. I( I object."
The question recurring upon the motion to sus-
pend the rules, it was put, and decided in the af-
firmative, upon a division—ayes 94, noes not
counted.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am very much indebted
to the courtesy of the House for this privilege. I
intended to say, that I held in my hand a memorial
of the religious society of Friends, of Pennsylva-
nia, New Jersey, and Delaware, petitioning Con-
gress against the passage of a law legalizing the
introduction of slavery into Nebraska.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a question of order. I
understood that the rules were suspended for the
purpose of allowing the gentleman to introduce
the memorial, and not to make a speech.
The SPEAKER. The rules were suspended
for the purpose of allowing the gentleman to make
an explanation, and not for the purpose of en-
abling him to present the memorial which he held
in his hand.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman from New
York is out of order, as he very often is.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I differ entirely with these
petitioners. 1 represent in this House a large
number of the people who have so petitioned.
I agree with them in scarcely a single declaration
made in this petition; perhaps in none which
bears any relation to the bill which has been in-
troduced for the organization of the Territory of
Nebraska. I do not admit, with these memorial-
ists, that the passage of the bill submitted from
the Committee on Territories by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] contemplates the
introduction of slavery into Nebraska. These
petitioners say that it does. I do not so under-
stand the object of the bill. I understand it to
be perfectly in accordance with the action of Con-
gress in enacting the series of measures known as
the compromise acts of 1850, which brought peace
to the feountry, and to the councils of the nation.
This enactment I have, by my vote in this House,
approved, and it, in my judgment, meets the
approbation of a majority of my constituents.
Inasmuch, then, as the petitioners are respectable
and intelligent citizens of Pennsylvania, and mem-
bers of a ieii^ious society of philanthropic and
| benevolent individuals, with many of whom I am
intimately acquainted—a portion of them being
i among the most estimable of my constituents—
I only desired to state to the House that they had
; so petitioned, and, in presenting it, to say I did
! not agree with them; and that I intend, unless it
; is very materially altered, to vote for the bill in-1
troduced by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. !
i Richardson;] for I conceive it proper and just, 1
| and is, most effectually, in my mind, best calcu-
1 lated to put a stop to the periodical agitation of the !
question of slavery in Congress, and m the Union,
j I am very much obliged for the courtesy of the
| House; and I desire, Mr. Speaker, to reiterate
I the deep sense of the obligation 1 am under for the
kindness which has been so generously, and with
j so much unanimity, extended to me.
I Mr. MILLSON. I offer the following resolu-
j tion:
! Resolved, That the Committeeon Commerce be instruct-
; ed to inquire into the expediency of removing the maiute
j hospital near Norfolk, to Crancy Jeland, or some other
1 point on Elizabeth river."
| The question was then taken, and the resolution
i was agreed to.
j Mr. LETCHER. I offer the following resolu-
1 tion :
Resolved, That the Seeretar}' of the Treasury be request-
ed to furnish to tins House, at a* eaily a dav as practicable,
a copy ot the circulars addressed by him to person^ engaged
in manufacturing and commercial puismt-. 5>oh< itinu then
views upon the best mode «f ,idiu<tmg the tariff*, «o a* to
bring it within the revenue standaid, together with the re-
plies received from all s-uch persons.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. GOODE. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the President of the United States he re- ^
quested to i aibc to be prepared for the u&e of tins Hou e 1
tabular -statement* exhibiting : 1
First. The area ot each State and Territory, expressed in !
square miles and in acie*. J
^ Second. The extent of public domain now remaining in j
1' each State and Territory, expressed in acres. i
Third. The extent of public domain alienated by the
Government of the United States in each State and Terri-
tory, distinguishing between that sold for a valuablecon-
siueration and that given, granted, ceded, or conveyed, for
the purposes of education, public buildings, internal im-
provements, and miscellaneous objects.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I offer the following res-
olution : °
Resolved, That upon a call of the yeas and nays, every
metnber^e permitted to vote who is without the bar of the
House before the final result of the vote is declared by the
Speaker. J
I ask that it be referred to the Committee on
Rules.
Mr. "WALSH. I object to the introduction of
the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I moveto suspend
the rules, so that the resolution may be adopted
at this time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will allow me, I think I can make a sugges-
tion, which will obviate the necessity fortheadop-
tion of the resolution he proposes to introduce.
That branch of the duty assigned to the Commit-
tee on Rules, and to which reference is had in this
resolution, has been attended to by them. A ma-
jority of the committee have agreed to report in
favor of allowing any person who is within the
bar before the call of the roll is finished to vote.
Mr JONES. It will be a long time before that
report is acted upon. The case embraced in this
resolution is so clearly and manifestly right in
itself that I think we ought to act upon it now.
The object of the resolution is merely that any
member shall have the right to vote be'fore the re-
sult is announced.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would suggest to the
gentleman from "Virginia, [Mr. Edmundson,] that
he modify his resolution so as to provide that any
member may vote before the call of the roll is fin-
ished. As it reads now, it is before the final result
of the vote is declared by the Speaker.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I accept the modification
suggested by the gentleman from Ohio.
The resolution, as modified, was then read, as
follows:
Resolved, That upon a call of the yeas and nays every
member be permitted to vote who i-s without the bar of the
House before the call of the roll ih finished.
The question then being on the suspension of
the rules, it was taken and decided in the negative.
Mr. EDMUNDSON demanded tellers, which
were ordered; and Messrs. Dean and Bocock ap-
pointed.
The question was again put; and,upon a divi-
sion, there were—ayes 89, noes not counted.
Mr. JONES, of New York. As this resolu-
tion, if adopted, will lead to very loose legislation
upon the part of the House, I demand the yeas
and nays upon the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and the result was—
yeas 105, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Jas C. Allen, Willis Allen, Ashe, Thos.
H. Bayly, Hall, Bank*, Barks-dale, Belchei, Benton,Bocock,
Bovce, Bruise, Bu g, Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers,
Chandler, Cha?e, ChcWain, Chrwnan, Clark, Chngman,
Corwin, Cox, Crocker, Cummins, Curtis, John G. Davis,
Dawson, Dean, Dent, De Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Dowdell,
Eastman,Edmands, Edmund^on, English, Etheridge,Ever-
hart, Ewing, Flagler, Florence, Fuller. Giddim?*-, Goode,
Gieenvvood, Grow, Andrew J.Harlan, Hastings, Hendricks,
Hiestei, Hill, llughes, Hunt, Geoige W. Jones, J. Glaucy
Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Knox, Latham, Letcher, Lindsle}, Mr-
Mulhn, Mace, Macy, Maxwell, Mavail, Middleswaith.John
G. Miller, Noble, Norton, Old'?, Mordecai Oliver, Packer,
Pennington, John Perkin«, Fiatt, Preston, Richaitlson,
Riddle, David Ritchie, Roger?, Russell, S<*pp, SkfJron, Oer-
nt Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, George W.
Smyth. Snodyrass, Fiederick P. Stanton,Richaid H Stan-
ton, Straub, Andrew Stuart, Thun-ton, Tweed, Upham,
Vail. Wade, Walbiidge, Wheeler, Witte, and UendriekB.
Wriyht—II05.
NAYS—Me-ans. Appleton, Bissell, Breckinridge, Cham-
beilain, Cobb, Colquitt, Cratqe, Cullom, Drum, Dunham,
Eddy, Edfferton, Ellison, Farley, Ore}, Hamilton, Aarou
Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Hibbard, HiiJywr, Daniel T.
Jone^, Roland Jones, Kurtz, Lane, Macrionald, McNair,
McQueen, Matte^n, Maurice, Smith Miller, Millson, Mor-
gan, Murray, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Peck, jpcckham,
Bishop Peikins, Phelps, Puryear, Reese, Thomas Ritohey,
Robbing Ruffin, Sage, Seymour, Shaw, Simmons, Single-
ton, Hestor L.Stevens, Stratton, Tracy, Tiout, Van^.uit,
Walker, Wal&h', Warren, John Wentwoith, and Zolhcof-
fer—61.
So (two thirds not having voted in the aiftm-
ative) t'he rules were not suspended.
Pending the call of the roll—-
Mr. BENSON asked to vote.
