1124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
by the suggestion made by him the other day; for
I understood from him that he thought usage and
propriety required that we should at once, as far
as Senators could do so with propriety, go into the
consideration of the message; and now I under-
stand, upon the suggestion, not of the Senator
from North Carolina, but 
Mr. CLAYTON. Will the Senator allow me
to say that the idea which I expressed was that
when the message came in we should proceed to
the consideration of it; not, as I said, in hot haste,
but that we should consider ourselves obliged to
go into the consideration of it with reasonable
dispatch; and i submit to my friend from South
Carolina whether there is anything now unrea-
sonable in postponing the question when a Sena-
tor on this floor announces that he desires time to
prepare himself to address the Senate upon it? I
repeat, that while he and other Senators are actu-
ally studying the subject and preparing themselves
to address the Senate, the Senate is considering
the subject all the time, and we should yield to
them what they now ask.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to say one word in
reply to my friend from South Carolina. 1 could,
as he says, go on on Wednesday, but I should
not have that opportunity for preparation which I
desire. That is what I meant to intimate.
The motion to postpone the consideration of the
subject until Tuesday week was lost, by a vote on
a division—ayes 19, noes 22.
Mr. DAWSON. Now postpone it until Wed-
nesday.
The PRESIDENT. The question is now on
postponing the consideration of the subject until
Wednesday.
Mr. DODGE. 1 trust that that motion will be
agreed to by common consent The Senator
from North Carolina is the last Senator to whom
I would deny a courtesy. He has announced that
he wishes some time to prepare himself to address
theSenate. Courtesy, then, I think, requires that
we should give him that time, which I think is
reasonable.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 will yield to my friend from
North Carolina as much as to any other gentleman.
If he wishes to speak, and is prepared to speak
on Wednesday} he can go on. If I have any-
thing to say, I would as soon say it on that day
as on any other, though I would prefer to hear
what others have to say first. 1 know that there
are others who are perfectly prepared to speak on
the subject; so that, so far as regards that, my
friend from North Carolina, if he desires, can
have the opportunity to speak then, or he can post-
pone his remarks for eight or ten days, if he is
not then prepared, perhaps some other Senator
can then speak.
The motion to postpone until Wednesday was
agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. WALKER. That will be taking up that
bill out of its order on the Calendar, because the
homestead bill is the first special order; and I feel
bound to insist upon the consideration of that
special order.
Mr. GWIN. A majority of the Senate, I sup-
pose, can determine upon the order of busi-
ness.
The PRESI DENT. The Senator from Cali-
fornia moves to postpone all prior orders for the
purpose of taking up for consideration the Pacific
railroad bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that the Senate will
take up the Indian appropriation bill, and let us
finish it. Wednesday next has been fixed fur
the reconsideration of the bill which has been
vetoed. It is impossible that we can dispose
either of the homestead bill or of the Pacific rail-
road bill by that time, but I believe we can dis-
pose of the Indian appropriation bill. I hope the
Senate will take it up.
Mr. GWIN, I appeal to the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, [Mr. Sebastian,]
whether there is any prospect of getting through
with the Indian appropriation bill to-morrow ? I
have no doubt that there are to be four or live days'
debate on that bill yet; and this other measure
piesents amuch more important question, and de-
serves some consideration. I hope that the motion
which I have made will prevail. The Indian ap-
propriation bill is not pressing for immediate ac-
tion.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator from California
is correct, that the Indian appropriation bill will
consume the whole of two days, it certainly must
follow that the Pacific railroad bill will consume a
great deal more than that; and inasmuch as I hold
the consideration of the homestead bill paramount
to either of them, or both of them, I shall vote
against each proposition. If hisargument is true,
I will vote against proceeding to the consideration
of the Indian appropriation bill, or of the Pacific
railroad bill, and will vote to take up the first spe-
cial order, which is the homestead bill.
Now, Mr. Piesident, I think the homestead
bill has been scarcely fairly treated by the Senate.
It was the first bill which was made a special order
for consideration a long time ago, and it has been
postponed from time to time to suit the conveni-
ence of one thing and another until it has almost
become an habitual motion, as a matter of course,
to postpone it. I am perfectly willing, so far as I
can by my action, to consult the wishes and con-
venience of every Senator who desiies to address
the Senate upon any topic; but if it is a mere
question between measures, while I desire to sus-
tain both these propositions, so far as I can, I hold
the homestead bill paramount to both of them for
the present.
Mr. CROWN. I shall vote to give precedence
to the homestead bill overall others; and my prin-
; cipal reason for doing so is, that I conceive it to
be intimately connected in principle with the bill
which has been vetoed by the President; and while
we are considering the one, we are necessaril y con-
sidering the other. All the main principles in-
volved in the one bill are involved in the other.
You cannot discuss the homestead hill without
discussing the principles involved in the veto mes-
sage. Nor can you discuss the veto message
without discussing the principles involved m the
homestead bill. Every argument which gentle-
men have employed this morning to show that
we ought to take up the veto message at'oncegoes
to con vince me that we ought to take up the home-
stead bill. It is not so much that we shall con-
sider the message itself as that we shall consider
the principles involved in the message, the princi-
ples put forth in it; and if the principles involved
in the message shall be sustained by the Senate,
then, as a matter of course, the homestead bill
must go by the board. If those principles are not
sustained, we may yet pass the homestead bill.
My respect for the President, among other things,
induces me to say that I shall prefer the taking up
of the homestead bill to all other things; and
while coikstdeiintf that, we may consider the prin-
ciples laid down in the message of the President.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose the question will
be taken on the propositions in theorder m which
they are made. Have the yeas and nays been
called for?
The PRESIDENT. They have not.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will vote
down the proposition made by the Senator from
California, and take up the Indian appropriation
bill.
Mr GWIN. If my proposition is voted down,
the homestead bill should come up of couise.
Every Senator knows that I am m favor of the
homestead bill, hut I regard the Pacific railroad bill
as one of great importance, and I have it especially
committed to my charge. I do not think there is
any necessary conflict between the friends of the
Pacific railroad and the fuends of the homestead
bill. Some of the best friends of the one are the
friends of the other. \ have not been instrumental
in postponing the homestead bill on any occasion.
I am very anxious that there should be action upon
it. I introduced a homestead bill into the Senate
at a very eatly day in the session, and desire to
have action upon the subject. But the Pacific
railroad bill has also been pending from an early
day, and I am very anxious to get it acted upon.
I ask for the yeas and nays upon my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASS. 1 shall be compelled to vote against
the motion of the Senator from California. I have
voted at all times to bring his measure on; but I
think that under the circumstances the homestead
bill is the most important. I therefore shall prefer,
as far as my vote goes, to brine that up. We have
attempted it session after session. Session after
session it seems to pass by the Senate without our
getting at it. I agree with those who are in favor
of it, that now is the time to bring it forward, and
I may be allowed to express the regret that I feel,
in common with many others, at the loss which
this country experiences in the absence of the
eminent statesman from Massachusetts. If he
were here this day, he would be as warm an advo-
cate of this bill as any otherperson upon this floor.
He would be one of those who would strongly
urge the consideration of this bill—its consider-
ation as one of the utmost importance.
In regard to the veto message, I am desirous of
voting upon the reconsideration of that bill; but I
concur fully with others, that there is no disrespect
in postponing it for a few days, for the purpose of
giving Senators an opportunity of preparing them-
selves for its consideration. I have no question
about the veto; none at all. I voted against the bill
from the commencement. As to the reasoning of the
veto message, I have not yet been able to form an
opinion upon it. I have not read it. I undei stand
K has been laid upon our tables only this morning.
I am not, therefore, prepared to say anything upon
the reasons that are given for the veto; but, so far
as respects the measure, I fully support and ap-
prove of the veto, and am ready to vote upon it.
Under the circumstances, however, I shall now
vote for taking up the homestead bill.
Mr. DAWSON. I shall vote for taking up the
Pacific railroad bill, for this reason: I find that the
Senator from Michigan, and the Senator from
California, and other Senators, who have this
morning entered into a vindication of the home-
stead bill, say that that bill does not come within
the principle of the veto. If it does not, then, of
course, it would be up for discussion, and perhaps
a very wide discussion. If it does come within
the principle laid down by the veto, as I observed
the other day, there can be no necessity for dis-
cussing that measure until we discuss the veto;
and, if the veto shall be sustained by the majority
of this body, of course, if the homestead bill is
within its principle, it would go down; but, as it
does not, in the opinion of gentlemen  
Mr. CASS. If the Senator will allow me, I
have not expressed any opinion as to whether it
comes within the veto or not, I have not read
the veto message, and therefore cannot say
whether it comes withm it or not. I cannot pass
any opinion upon the principles contained in it;
bur so far as the application of the veto to the bill
making a grant of public lands to the lunatic asy-
lums is concerned, I think I can support it.
Mr. DAWSON. The other Senators made no
explanation of that kind; and I had thought that,
if the veto did cover the homestead bill, it was
an unnecessary consumption of time on the part
of theSenate to discuss that measure too.
Mr. BROWN. If my friend from Georgia
will allow me, 1 think the only way to settle that
difficulty would be to pass the homestead bill, and
then send it to the President, and see whether he
will apply the same reasoning to it.
Mr. DAWSON, Of course, as the Senator
from Mississippi believes, that the homestead bill
falls within the puneiples of the veto, he would
not consume the time of the country by discussing
that bill
Mr. BROWN. I may vote for the bill. If I
should vote against it, it will certainly not be on
constitutional ground.
Mr. DAWSON. Then, as the Senators have
expressed their opinion as to this bill coming
within the principles of the veto message, I shall
vole for tlit; motion of the honorable Senator from
CciHfoi nia.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, on
Mr Gwix's motion, resulted—yeas 13, nays 24—
as follows: *
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Bmdhcad, Dawson, Gwin,
Morion, Noihh, b.^tion, Shdeli, Thompson of Ken-
lurkv, Touri'v, Wtjlit r, ant! William^ —13.
NAY^—Mi Aii^n, Bayard, Brown, Butler,
Chase. Cbu , Clayton, Dottee of Iowa, Evans Fish, Fitz-
p.itrick, Pool, Hunter, Johnson, Jones* of Iowa, Mallory,
IVaict', IVttit, Stuart, Ssutnner, Toombs, Wade, an*?
Walker— -Jt.
So the motion was lost.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. WALKER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the homestead bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart in
the chair.") That is the first special order.
Mr. HUNTER. Does it come up without a
motion?
