THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
contribute one fourth of the whole expenditure. I
find, upon examination, that instead of being one
third, as proposed by the Senator from Louisiana,
or one fourth, as was understood by the Senate,
it is to be but one fifth. The Government appro-
priates $500,000, and the amendment requires the
cities to contribute one fourth of that amount in
addition, so that, together, the appropriation of
the Government and the cities will be $625,000,
making one fifth of the whole as the contribution
of the cities. I merely refer to that, as showing a
misunderstanding of mine; it may have been a
misunderstanding of other Senators.
Upon further reflection, also, I have come to
the conclusion that this is an extravagant appro-
priation. The city in which I reside contains a
population of two hundred thousand inhabitants.
The water-works by which the whole city is sup-
plied, from the Ohio river, have fallen shortin the
whole cost of construction, from the commence-
ment to this day, of gl,000,000. Here we are
about to enter into a plan which is variously esti-
mated for from §2,300,000, th« estimate of the
engineer, to $5,000,000, which is the .estimate of
other persons, for the purpose of supplying this
city with water. 1 am satisfied that, upon a dis-
crete and prudent plun, the city can be supplied
With an abundance of water for less than half the
fiist sum. These are the grounds upon which I
have moved the reconsideration. I hope the Sen-
ate will agree to it. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. The motion, I believe, is to
reconsider the amendment which authorizes the
introduction of an appropriation into this bill for
the continuance of these water-works. I should
vote for that motion,"were it not that I think it
would lead to a long debate; and this bill ought to
pass to day, if we mean to get through wnh the
other appropriation lulls. I shall, therefore, vote
against the reconsideration.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 19, nays 21; as follows: *
YEAS—Me^rs. Adam-, Atchison, Chaso, of Wis-
coti;-ni, Dodge ol fown, Evans, Fit/.palriek, Foot, Oyer,
Gillette, Houston, Jarni'N PetW, Sebastian, Sllcleli, Wade,
Walttti*. Weller, nml William^—19.
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Baitcer, Hayard, Bel!, Brodhead,
Cooper, Dou lais, Fessenden, I'Vh, Gwin, Hunter, Jonesot
Tfinnei^ee, Mattorv, Mason, Norris, Pearce, Rockwell,
Xtu,k. Shields, Sman, and Thompson of Kentucky—21.
So the motion was lost.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Hamlin,] who was called suddenly home to-day
by a telegraphic dispatch, announcing sickness in
his family, left with me an amendment to be pro-
posed to this bill. The object is to equalize the
compensation of the keepers of naval stores.
Mr. HUNTER. That ought to come in on
the naval appropriation bill. I suggest to the
Senator to withhold it, and offer it to that bill.
Mr GWIN. I withdraw that. Mr. President,
there is no question in which my colleague and
myself feel so much interest as in regard to the
judiciary of our State. It is perfectly notorious
that the judges there have not the power to dis-
charge the duties imposed upon them. I will
state, Mr. President, my reason for offering the
amendment which I shall now propose, and the
reason which exists for the appointment of a new
circuit judge. 1 consider that the supreme bench
should be perfectly familiar with the land claims
coming up before it. It is perfectly notorious that
we passed an appropriation to obtain Mexican
law books, and we paid a large amount to have
them translated; but when the consideration of
these cases came up during the last term of the
supreme court, it was ascertained that there were
unexpected side issues which the judges could
not examine. Therefore I offer these additional
sections:
Pec.-—. J)nd be it further enacted, That the Supreme
Court ot the United States shall h -realter consist ofthe
Chief Ju-tice and rune associate justices, of whom any six
shall commute a quorum; and for this purpose there shall
be one additional justice ofthe said court, with like duties,
powcr~, and compensation, and who shall take the same
. oath as the other ass-ociaie ju-nces
Sfc. —. Jind be it fur her ennctcd, That a tenth circuit
be-, and the same is hereby, constituted, consisting of the
State of California, and the Territories of Oresron and
Washington, m and for which a circuit court shall he held
on the fir-t Monday of August, in each and every year,
at San Fr.inei-co; and to tins circuit the as^ocirite justice
herebv dmeted to he appointed her* by as'-ign^d ; or the
tfupieme (Joint may, from time to time, as often a* said
court may see right, assign any other associate justice to
said court, and arrange their duties, so as to provide for
holding the courts, from which any associate justice may
have been withdrawn and assigned to said tenth circuit.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. President 
Several Senators. There is no donger of that
passing.
Mr. PETTIT. Welly if it will not carry, I
shall say nothing about it. I am satisfied.
The amendmen t was rejected.
Mr. GWIN. I have another amendment to
offer. I shall not make a speech on it. It is to
give to the clerk in the office of the First Comptrol-
ler what was intended to be given him by the law
of 1850. The Comptroller has requested to have
the law so altered as to enable him to draw his?
salary as the law was intended. This was sent
to me by the First Comptroller of the Treasury.
He recommends it:
That the increase of the salary of the clerk in the office
of the First Comptroller provided to be paid by the act of
September 30, 1*50, «hall date from the 1st of July, 1849,
the commencement of hie increased services; and that a
balance of $333 33 be paid to him.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not that a private claim ?
Mr. GWIN. No, sir; that was the original
•intention of the law, but an interpretation was
given to it so as to deprive him of the compensa-
tion. I hope there will be no objection to it.
Mr. HUNTER. That is a private claim. I
submit to the Chair if it is not.
Several Senators. Let it go.
Mr. WELLER. I have only one remark to
make. 1 believe this is the third amendment
which has been to-day offered to the civil and dip-
lomatic bill to remove difficulties existing in the
office of the First Comptroller of the Treasury.
Now, it is astonishing that we are called upon to
legislate so often in regard to the Comptroller of
the Treasury, to define what we intended when
we passed certain laws. I say it is a very remark-
able fact that we should be called upon, after we
have passed laws, to pass other provisions to re-
move the scruples of the First Comptroller. I
shall vote for the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us have the question.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. NORRIS. T have a small amendment to
offer. It is to insert:
For one additional clerk in the office of the assistant
treasurer in Boston, Massachusetts, $1,200.
This is recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. HUNTER. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Sec.'—. Jlnd be it further enacted, That whenever it
shall be necessary for the head of any Department or office
to employ special agents other than officers of the Army or
Navy, who may be charged with the disbursement of the
public monejs, they shall, prior to entering upon tlieirduties
as such, give bonds in such lonn, and with such security,
as the head ofthe Department or the office employing said
agents may approve.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will not
press that amendment here. We had to strike
out a provision of the bill which provided for the
engineers. They disbursed money and got noth-
ing for it; and we never lost a cent by them. I
am afraid this will teach further than the Senator
faitends; at any rate, I hope he will reserve it for
another appropriation bill.
Mr. MALLORY. There is no more proper
place for it than this. To show the propriety of
it, I will say that it was drawn up in the Depart-
ment, and the only exception is to inserting the
officers of the Army and Navy excepted, which
meets the objection of the Senator from Virginia.
One of the most flagrant abuses in this power of
| appointing special agents for the disbursement of
j money, is exhibited m a document on your table
| which you have not taken the trouble to read. It
f happened to occur in my State; I am, therefore,
j very well acquainted with it. Here, the Depart-
j ment of the Interior tells you, are $14,QOO yet
j unpaid out of $70,000 entrusted to agents. No
I bonds werefaken. This amendment does notcall
| fot an appropriation, but it meets a crying abuse
j in the appointment of special agents for the dis-
| bursement of the public moneys without proper
guards.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to it; let
it go.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. I wished to correct a clerical
error in the amendment which was introduced by
the Senator from California regulating the f
of clerks in the different Mints. 1 offered an
amendment to it which passed the Senate, allow-
ing a certain additional salary to one of the clerks
in the Mint at New Orleans, by the name of
the cashier. He performs the duties of cashier;
but in looking at the law under which he holds
office, I find he is designated as "chief clerk." I
presume there can be no objection to making that
alteration.
Mr. HUNTER. None at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That altera-
tion will be made, if there be no objection.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to submit an amend-
ment to modify the law of the 26th February,
1853, to obviate a difficulty in regard to Califor-
nia. It is:
That so much ofthe act passed the 26th February, 1853,
being an act to regulate the tees and costs to be allowed
to clerks, marshals, and attorneys, of the circuit and dis-
trict courts ofthe United States, and for other purposes, as
fixes the compensation to be allowed " for expenses while
employed in endeavoring to arrest under process any per-
son charged with, or convicted of, a crime, the sum actu-
ally expended, not to exceed two dollars a day, in addition
to his compensation for such services and travel," be
amended so as to read,vC tor expenses while employed in
endeavering to arrest under process any person charged or
convicted of a crime, the actual necessary expenses in ad-
dition to his compensation for services and travel."
That law reads in this wise: "for expenses
while employed in endeavoring to arrest under'
process any person charged with, or convicted of,
crime, the sum actually expended, not to exceed
two dollars per diem." I propose to strike out
those words, so that the Department may be au-
thorized to allow him what was actually expended,
and what was absolutely necessary to accomplish
the object.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
grossed; and the bill was ordered to be read a
third time.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have prepared an amend-
ment in relation to the Auxiliary Guard.
Mr. HUNTER. The bill is ordered to be en-
grossed, and it cannot be amended now.
The bill was read a third time.
Mr, ATCHISON. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FITZP ATRICK. I am requested by my
friend from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] to say that
if he had been here he would have voted for the
bill; but he was necessarily called to his residence.
The question being taken by .yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill, resulted—yeas 25, nays 16;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Brodhead,
Cooper, Douylas, Evans, Pish, Fitzpntrick, Geyer, Gwin,
Houston, Hunter, James, Mallory, Mason, Pearce, Rock-
well, Ru^k, Sebastian, Shields, Slidell, Stuart, and Wil-
liams—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Cha^e, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Fessenden, Foot, Gillette,
Jones of Tennessee, Norris, Pettit, Sumner, Thompson of
Kentucky. Wade, Walker, and Weller—16.
So the bill was passed; and,
On motion by Mr. BADGER, its title was
amended by adding "and for other purposes."
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
While the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill was under consideration,
Mr. PEARCE, „by unanimous consent, made
the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill <£ making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling tre.ity stipulations wjih various
Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1855, and for
other purposes," having met, after full and free conference,
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their
re&pective Houses, as follows :
That the Senate concur in the amendments of the House '
of Representatives to the first, second, fifty-ninth, sixty -
eiahth, and eighty-first amendments ofthe Senate.
That the Senate concur in the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the fourteenth amendment of the Sen-
ate, with amendments, as follows: In line fifteen of the
amendment of the Hous>e of Representatives, strike out the
word "seven and insert u seventy inline twenty-four
of said amendment, strike out the word five" and insert
" one and m line thirty-three of said amendment, strike
out the word " five" and insert " one."
That the Senate do recede from its' seventy fourth amend-
ment; and that the following be substituted for its seven-
ty-fifth amendment:
Jlvd be il further enacted, That the Secretary of the In-
terior be, and he is hereby, authorized, if, in his judgment,
the public interest will be promoted thereby, to cause to be
disbursed such of the moneys appropiiated m this act for
the Utah Indians, either under treaty stipulations or for
