1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
H25
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that it does, unless a motion is made
to postpone it.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone that
special order until to-morrow week.
Mr. BROWN, i beg leave respectfully to say
that I hope such a motion will not prevail. The
homestead bill has been postponed from day
to day, from time to time, until it seems to me
that the Senate does not mean to act upon itat all.
I respectfully appeal to honorable gentlemen if
this is treating with fairness a bill to which the
country certainly looks with some degree of inter-
est? If we intend to defeat the bill, let us comeup
to it and defeat it like men, and not kill it by post-
poning it, first for a week, then for two weeks,
then for three weeks, and th is get clear of it under
various pretexts. This is no measure that is sud-
denly sprung upon us. it has been before Con-
gress, in some shape, for the last ten or fifteen
years, and we cannot disguise from ourselves, if we
would, that a very large portion of the American
people take a very deep interest in it, and they are
looking with very great anxiety to the action of
the Senate upon the question, seeing that the bill
has twice passed the House, and now only needs
the ratification of the Senate to become a law.
They will expect us to c<ct upon it in some way;
and I know of no better time than now to come
square up and meet the question responsibly.
Either pass the bill or reject it, and let the coun-
try know where we stand. I am as well prepared
now as 1 shall be at any other time either to ex-
press my views or to give a vote upon it. The
anxiety which prevails all around manifests to us
in no mistakable terms that gentlemen are pre-
pared to vote or speak upon it. I would not pre-
cipitate a final vote upon it until gentlemen have
expressed their views. But why postpone it?
The Senator from Virginia assigns no reason for
doing so. If this were the first application to post-
pone it, I would say, very well; let it be post-
poned. But it is neither the first, second, nor
third application. Every time it comes up, there
is something more important than it in the way.
I want the bill acted upon, and I want a final vote
of the Senate upon it, so that we may either pass
it, or reject it; and I shall steadfastly, from this
time forward, vote against postponing it, unless
there should be some sufficient reason assigned
why it should be postponed.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The honorable Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] made a statement
from which it may be inferred that gentlemen on
this side of the Chamber do not think that the
homestead bill falls within the principle and the
reasoning of the veto. For one, sir, I think it
does fall within that reasoning, and is liable to the
objections stated by the President in his veto.
Admitting that there is a difference of opinion on
this point, it is obviously proper that we should
consider both measures at the same time. There-
fore, 1 will vote for the postponement. If a por-
tion of the reasoning in the veto message is good
against the insane bill, it is also good against the
homestead bill; therefore, I think that the discus-
sion in regard to our land system, which we must
have, and for which gentlemen are preparing them-
selves, had better be all at once on the veto mes-
sage; and I shall theiefoie vote for the postpone-
ment.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that the homestead bill
will he taken up. I think there is a great deal of
profession in favor of that measure in this body
without much practice, and I call for the yeas and
nays upon the postponement. It is well known
that the motion to postpone is made for the pur-
pose of bringing up the Indian appropriation bill,
q. measure that is not pressing. It may be passed
two months hence, and that will be time enough
for the public service. Every individual who
votes for the postponement I shall look upon as
an enemy to the homestead bill, and as being in
direct opposition to the consideration of thatques-
tion. I want to know whether or not we are
going to consider it. If the homestead bill has as
many friends as there are professions in this body,
we can pass the House bill as it came to us;
and I intend to vote for it in that form, and against
every amendment. I do not believe it comes
within the veto message sent to us by the Presi-
dent. It is an entirely different measuie,and,
whether it is or not, I shall vote on the measure
as my judgment dictates.
Now, Mr. President, I hope the homestead bill
will be taken up,and 1 hopethatanadroitminority
cannot defeat two great measures—the Pacific rail-
road and the homestead bills—by fighting one
against the other. I hope that the triends of these
two bills will not have any collision. 3 know that
there is a majority of the body in favor of each;
and now I aunn favor of taking up the homestead
bill, and considering it. If a majority are in favor
of it, the Senate can pass it. If not, the sooner we
know it the better.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator from California
hopes the friends of these bills will not come in
collision with each other. 1 am not at present
among that number; but my honorable friend
from California—and I never use the term friend
consciously without feeling it sincerely—says that
a great many professions of friendship are made
in this body for the homestead bill. His remarks
convey an implication of condemnation, of cen-
sure, and woise, of suspicion of the sincerity of
Senators, and their declarations in regard to this
measure. That is the construction which his
language bears.
Mr. GWIN. That is not the impression which
I wanted to convey. I said this, that if the home-
stead bill had as many friends on this floor as we
had seen public professions for it, we can take it
up, and we can pass it; and if we do not take it
up, certainly there is more strength in profession
than in practice.
Mr. JOHNSON. Exactly. Still the declara-
tion of the gentleman goes to the country convey-
ing the idea as 1 have embodied it; and that idea
bears with it unquestionably a reflection upon the
sincerity and truthfulness of gentlemen upon this
floor in their declarations—not with an intention
or will to do so offensively, I grant and know;
but the repoits, when they are made, must show
that to be the only rational conclusion to be drawn
from his temarks.
The Senator says, further, that he is opposed to
this kind of deiay any longer. He is not willing
to permit an adroit minority any longer to defeat
the bill. What is an adroit minority, taken in
connection with his remarks? An insincere body
of men, inferior in number and in strength, at-
tempting, by parliamentary maneuvers, to control
and destroy the action of the deliberative body of
which they are members. I appeal to every gen-
tleman upon this floor if this js not the manifest
construction that will be put upon his language?
Mr. GWIN. I spoke of an adroit minority
fighting one measure against another, and fighting
with skill; fighting the Pacific railroad and the
homestead bill against each other—and I think
that, if by a vote to. postpone, the minority can
postpone this bill and get up such a collision, they
would be exceedingly adroit. That is the amount'
of it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Sir, whenever I am for a
measure I shall contend for itstrong!y,and when- j
ever I am opposed to it it is my right to resist it'
by all the legitimate and authorized rules that are
made to secure just and wise legislation. I sup-
pose that to be the feeling and the will of every
man who is a member of this body. It is such,
so far, at least, as I am concerned; and if it is not
with every one, then the dissenting member has
rights here which he either does not understand
or does not choose to exercise.
Now, sir, to pass from that—there is a good
deal of assumption here, I think, in regard to the
homestead bill, upon the part of its especial advo-
cates; at this moment a good deal of arrogation,
if I may use that word—a good deal of arroga-
ting to themselves as the particular friends af the
measure, and as to the rights of this particular
bill; and my honorable friend again, (for 1 have
yet another, I think,) from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] says that you do not deal fairly by it,
but'you postpone it to-day and to-morrow, and
next week, and the week after, and will postpone
it to death, and thus it has been always, whilst
all that remains to be done is a vote of the Senate
to take it up, and a vote to pass it, and the signa-
ture of the President, and then it will become a
law. Well, sir, it never had much more to do at
the outset. [Laughter.] A vote in the House of
Representatives constitutes the residue of any
legislative action.
But, sir, what right has my honorable friend to
complain so bitterly at extraordinary delay, and
to introduce the last week, and another week, and
the week before, and the declaration that he
does not know how long it will eontimie to be
delayed, or by whom or what? By fairness? Ohi
no. It is all unfair to the country. This isa
matter about which there is a^a«st deal of interest j
forsooth. It is a matter, forsooth, which must
override everything else. Sir, is there nothing
else of interest before this body but the homestead
bill? Sir, the Indian appropriation bill is a measure-
that is called for, to be passed in the regular prog-
ress of the business of this Government. The
day is near at hand when that call becomes im-
perative. Our treaty obligations are suffering, our
treaty stipulations must be fulfilled, and our guar-
antees to the Indians already -call for the passage
of this bill.
There is no question about this. Then, here
is the President's veto, alleged to involve many of
the same questions which are involved in the
homestead bill. Those gentlemen who wish to
discuss these several matters, and others of equally
great importance, may just as well cry out against
the extraordinary delay, and declaim against the
adroitness used in defeating their judgment, and
their wishes in matters that they consider of equal
or much greater importance. All this talk about
the peculiar claims on the part of the homestead
bill" to a prompt, and, if needs be, a prolonged
consideration in preference to everything else, is
mere stuff, and is the veriest stuff so far as it goes
to the establishment of any supremacy for the
homestead bill to the right of immediate consider-
ation over every and all other measures before
this body.
There are not only the measures I have enum-
erated now depending before this body; there is
also the measure which the Senator from Califor-
nia has himself in charge; and, by the way, I
never was before aware that that gentleman was
an advocate,so very strenuous and impatient, for
the homestead bill.
Mr. GWIN. I introduced it at a very early
day of the session.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let the honor of it, then, be
to him. I have no objection. Now, sir, in re-
gard to the homestead bill, I was for it myself
sincerely. I supported it, and have supported it
for several years; but in the present phase of
things, I am not prepared to g.o on with it, at all,
or to say that I will support it. Because, if it
was forced upon me to-day, I should vote against
it. Why? Because just at this time it is tinc-
tured, to a degree, from ite inevitable effects, and
under the peculiar circumstances, so strongly
with abolitionism, that i cannot, for one, bring
myself, as a representative on this floor from the
South, for one moment to think of permitting it
to pass this body, and become a law. Why?
Very succinctly to state it, there is evidence palpa-
ble each day that this bill is being pressed through
with unusual anxiety, and as if for lifeand death.
The bill has been six or eight years in Congress,
and a large part of this anxiety is unquestionably
new-born.
Here are the facts as I find them. The Gov-
ernment is extinquishing titles to lands thatlie west
of Missouri and Iowa. When the rights of the.
Indians are extinguished, and they are removed,
all that country becomes open to settlement, and
the people will remove into it with or without an
organised government. Yet it is a fact that the
Missouri restriction exists there at this time, and
that our southern people cannot go there for that
reason, even if they desired to do so. If you
pass the homestead bill in the face of these facts,
you bid a premium to all the balance of the world
to fill up and settle that country, only excluding
my constituency. If then you reject or delay the
passage of the territorial bills for two. or three
years, you settle the question involved in those
territorial bills practically, and by a Jaw which has
a higher force than the enactment of the Wilmot
proviso itself.
In regard to what I shall constitute adroitness
and fairness, I must say, that to delay the territo-
rial bills for some years, but at the same time and
in hot haste, to enact the homestead law, would
exhibitextraordinary adroitness, and prove a most
detestable specimen of fairness.
I do not consider, or believe, that any man
who is from the South, can conscientiously come
forward and support that measure; at least, untd
the Kansas and Nebraska bills shall have, been
and the 'whole country shall have be-
