1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A15
Mr. STANTON. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BISSELL. I move to refer that resolution
to a committee.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
called for by the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. BISSELL. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw it, in order to enable me to move to refer
the resolution to the Committee on Military Affairs.
One branch of the subject embraced in it is already
before that committee, and it is properly there.
Mr. STANTON. I would gladly accommodate
the gentleman, but the committee to which he
refers is the last one to which it should be sent.
Mr. BOYCE. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. ORR. I ask that the resolution may be re-
ported again.
The resolution was again read by the Clerk.
The question recurring upon tha motion to lay
the resolution upon the table, it was put, and de-
cided in the negative—ayes 42, noes not counted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As this resolution
contemplates a change of the rules as to the ap-
pointment of a select committee, I would inquire
of the Chair whether it does not require a two-
thirds vote to carry it ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. BISSELL I wish to give notice, if this
motion is not carried, that I shall move the refer-
ence of this resolution to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
The question then being: upon sustaining the
demand for the previous question, it was taken,
and there were—ayes 77, noes 50.
So there was a second, and the main question j
was ordered to be put.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the adoption pf the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the resolution; and there were—ayes 91, noes
not counted. j
So the resolution was agreed to. I
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to re- !
consider the vote by which the resolution was !
adopted, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon 1
the table; which latter motion was agreed to. ;
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I offer the following j
resolution: • j
Resolved. That so much of the estimates from the van- !
oils Departments of the Government a* relates to defi-
ciencies thr the currcnt fi-cal year be recommitted to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Upon the adoption of the resolution, I ask the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tion was agreed to. 7
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I offer the follow-
ing resolution, directing an inquiry on the part of
the Committee on Public Lands:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Land5? be in-
structed to inquire and report, by biII or otherwise—
As to the propriety of repealing all laws requiring
or authorizing the offering at pubhc sale to the hmhe-a bid -
der the public lands of fhe United States aftei buin^ sur-
vived, and before they are subject to private entry.
Second, As to the propuety and expediency of pioviding
by law, that the public lands of ihe United States .shall be
sold toactmil settles in limited quantities, at prices fixed,
with a view to teimbureo the Government for their cost by
piivate entry, and in no other way
Thitd, As to the expediency mid propriety of cedine; to
the States,respectively, in winch thej aie located, the pub-
lic land-1 of the United ^tate*. which have been, subject to
piivate entry for a period of fifteen years, upon condition
that Mich States ?ha!l dispose of the land* so c^ded to ar|y
persons except actual settlers, ui quantities not exceeding
one halt section to each settler, for a price not exceeding
ten cent-' pei acte.
Mr. "YVASHEURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the ievolution may be lead ajrain.
Air. JON ES. I will state again that it is simply
a resolution of inquiry. It provides for no defi-
nite action.
The resolution was again read by the Clerk.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Is it in order to move
an amendment to the resolution?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Air. LANE. I would like to have a quarter ,
section inserted instead of a half section. |
Air. JONES. The committee can make that
inqu.ry without special instructions.
Air. LANE. Very well; 1 will not move to ,
amend at this time. .
Mr. BISSELL. I would inquire of the Chair
if the resolution is debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not. It must go over
if debated.
Mr. BISSELL. I desire to say a word in ref*
erence to it. But I do not wish to have it go over,
and I will therefore refrain.
Air. JONES. I demand tellers upon the adop-
tion of the resolution.
Tellers were ordered; and Messis. Campbell .
and Vail were appointed. j
The question was then put; and the tellers re- j
ported—60 in the affirmative. !
Air. DAVIS, of Indiana. I call for the yeas j
and nays. j
Mr. COBB, i move the previous question, for I
fear some gentleman should propose to debate the !
resolution. Is the demand in order at this stage? \
The SPEAKER. It is. I
Mr. WALSH. I rise to a question of order. I
Is it in oider to call the previous question on a !
; resolution which must go over if it is discussed [
! at all? j
The SPEAKER. Not after discussion has i;
commenced. If discussion arises, the rule is that ji
the resolution must go over, but if the previous
question is demanded and sustained, discussion
cannot arise, and the practice is to brings the
House to a vote under the operation of the pre-
vious question.
The question was then put, and the demand for
the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WALSH. 1 propose to debate the reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution lies over.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Piivate Land Claims
be instiucted to inquire into ihe evpediency ot granting
bountv land-* to the otficei - .ind soldiois called out by his
Excellency Newton Cannon, then Governor of the State of
Tennessee, m the year 1836, tor seivice in the Flondawar,
and who were in the service ot the United States, for a
period less than one month, and that said committee leport
by bill or otheivvj.se.
Air. BISSELL. What committee is it proposed
to refer that resolution to ?
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. BISSELL. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out " Committee on Private Land
Claims,'' and inserting " Committee on Military
Affairs " in lieu theieof. I think that a resolution
of this sort, embt acing a large class of cases, ought
to go to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CULLOM. 1 hope the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois will not prevail.
Mr, SMITH, of Tennessee. I appeal to the
gentleman to withdraw his amendment.
Air. BISSELL. The Committee on Military
Affairs has heretofore had jurisdiction of all such
cases. Where one man comes forward claiming
to have a right to land, his claim naturally goes to
the Committee on Piivate Land Claims, but it is
proposed by this resolution to embrace a very
large class of cases 
The SPEAKER, it is the duty of the Chair
to lay the resolution over, if discussion aitses.
Air. BISSELL. Well, I propose to discuss it.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I will agree to
the gentleman's amendment, rather than that the
resolution should lie over.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent
of the House that the resolution shall be referred
to the Committee on Ahlitary Affairs ?
Mr. WALSH. I object.
The resolution accordingly lies over.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, in pursuance of
previous notice.introduced "A bill for therelief of
Nathan Ewing, assignee of the interests of H.
Richards;" which was read ti first and second time
by its title, and leferred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
Air. LANE, of Indiana, offered the following
resolution, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquue into the expediency of reporting a bill
compelling the captain« ni ownoi - nj all Anifiican
sailing from ^.meiican port*, to "'hip a certain number of
bo\-5, between the age^ of twelve ami sateen >eats, to in-
stinct them in t-eninunMup, the nmnbet to be piopoitioned
accoiding to the tonnage of the ve.-t-el.
Mr. LANE also submitted the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the President of the United JStatpa be, and i
is hereby, requested to cause to be furnished to this House,
at ins earlie?t convenience, copies of ail recommendations,
and oilier papeis on file, reteningin any manner to the ap-
pointment o! the nuirfhai oi the United States, by the present
Administration, lor the district of Jndi.ma.
Mr. PHELPS proposed to debate the resolution,
and it was laid over.
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was adopted:
Resolved, Phat the Corcmittoo on Military AfFaits be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of >o amending the
act of haptember a*, \x=>0, granting bounty land to all mi-
nor heir.* of deceased soldiers, as to extend the provisions
ot said act to all the heirs of said deceased soldiers who
were minors at the date of the passage of  aid act, aiid that
they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. STRAUB. I move that the resolution be
■ referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
j The SPEAKER The motion is not in order.
! The resolution has been adopted, sending it to
| a different committee The gentleman can only
1 effect his object by moving to reconsider the vote
j by which tHe resolution was adopted.
I Mr. WENTWQRTH, of Illinois, submitted
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Way* and Means be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of repealing the
dutie< on salt and sugar.
Mr. PERKfNS, of Louisiana, proposed to de-
bate the resolution, and it was laid over.
Mr. KNOX submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was adopted:
Resolved, That a special committee be appointed, with
authority to act in the pienuses, to devise some plan for the
better ventilation ot this Hall.
Mr. LINDLEY, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill; which was read a first and second time by its
title, as follows, and lefeired to the Committee on
Military Affairs:
" A hill, entitled ' An net to amend an act pro-
viding for the payment of horses and other prop-
erty lost or destroyed in the military service of
the United States,'approved March 3', 1849."
Mr. STEVENS, of Michigan, in pursuance of
previous notice, asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce hills; which were severally read a first and
second time by their titles, as follows, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands:
"A bill to enable the United States to make use
of the solar compass in the public surveys;"
" A bill to establish a land office in the lower
peninsula of Michigan;5*9
" A bill granting land to the Territory of Min-
nesota, to aid in the construction of certain railroads
therein;"
" A bill making a grant of land to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Pontiac to Lake Su-
perior;" and
" A bill making a grant, of land to the State of
Michigan, to aid in the construction of the Port
Huron and Lake Michigan railroad, from Port
Huron to, or near the mouth of, Grand river, and
a branch of the said railroad from Lapeer to the
Straits of Mackinaw."
Mr. SMYTII, of Texas,
resolution :
I offer the following
Rcsolred, That the Committee nf Way* and Means be
instructed to inquire into the propriety of greatly leducmg,
or wholly repealing, the duty on railroad iron.
Mr. HAMILTON. I propose to debate the
resolution, and I move to lay it upon the table.
A Mk.mbek. I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAVEN. Is it in order to make any re-
marks m refeienceto fhe resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It is not; and the motion is
to lay the resolution upon the table. If not ob-
jected to, it will be again reported.
No objection being made, the resolution was
again read.
"Mi. STRAUB. I use to a question of order.
Upon former occasions similar resolutions were
introduced and voted down, and I wish to know
whether it is in order to again introduce resolu-
tions similar to those which have been voted down?
The SPEAKER. Similar resolutions are in
older, in the opinion of the Chair. The question
is upon the motion to lay the resolution upon the
table.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Bank?, Belcher, TCeu^on, Bridges,
Bug?, Chandler, Corwin, Crocker, Cm timing,' Curtis
