418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 14,
The question being taken, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 18, noes 12; no quorum voting.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
quorum present, in the opinion of the Chair, if
Senators will vote.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. WELLER. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
■on the motion. This is certainly an unusual hour
at which to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and taken,
with the following result:
YfiAS—Allen. Badger, Bayard,ftrodliead,Chase
Dawson, lOvorett, Fij-U, Font, Jone* of Tennessee, Mot ton,
Jtu*k, Seward, Smith, Simmer, Thompson of Kentucky,
ToomN, Wade, and Wright—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Adam*, Bell, Butler, Cass, Clav, Clay-
ton, Donylas, Evans, Fitzpait ic k, (iever, Houston, Hunter,
Jump®, jVlallory. Ma*on, Pearer, Petlit, Schramm, Shields,
SluUill, Sliuut, Walker, Wellei, antl'Wiiiiatn^—-^1.
So the motion to adjonm wtis not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Illinois
to proceed to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 24, noes not
counted.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of Executive business; and, after some
time, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 14, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Wilwam L-I. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER presented to the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting a communication from the Secretaiy of the
Navy, accompanied by theseeond pai t of Lieuten-
ant Herndon's reportof the exploration of the val-
ley of the Amazon and its tributaries, made by him
in connection with Lieutenant Lardner Gibbon,
under instructions ftom the Novy Department;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting
a copy of a memorial to Congress from Charles
Homer, contractor for the construction of the San
Francisco marine hospital; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, laid before the House a communication
from the Department of the Interior, transmitting
a copy of a report from the Commissioner of In-
dian Afikirs, dated the (Jth instant, recommending
that treaties be made with the Indian tribes m
Oregon and Washington Territories; which was
referred to the Committee ori Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed. I
SURVEY OP CROW SHOALS A.T CAPE MAY. j
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a j
communication from the War Department, in an- I
swer to a resolution of the House of Representatives !
of the 30th ultimo, viz: "'That the Secretary of •<
War be requested to communicate to this House 1
any information which may be on file m his of- j
fice, in reference to a survey of Crow Should, at |
Cape May;" stating that the only information 1
on the files of the Department on this subject will j
be found printed as Senate Document No. 155, i
second session Twenty-Fifth Congress, and as |
Executive Document No. 433, and Report of \
Committees (H. R.) No. 1,050 of the same session 1
of Congress; which was referred to the Committee '
of Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
"BLUE BOOK.
On motion by Mr. MURRAY, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Piintins? be discharged
from the furthei consideration of the isolation winch was
referred to them, in icference to tne propriety or punting
five hundi ed e\tra fopie? of the Bl'ic Hook of the present
year, for Hie txe of the members oi Pus and thai
the same be laid upon the table
On motion by Mr. MURRAY, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Printing he di-#harged
from the f'lt liier consi delation of a le-uiuuon dnec' ,ic them
to inquire into the expediency i.f ren-irti'Mj a ic-<du'jon di
reeling the ^ intmgof tftuty thousand additional copies of
the Mechanical and Agricultural Patent Office repoiufor
1852->53, for the use of the membeu of the House i and that
the same be laid upon the table.
On motion by Mr. MURRAY, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Printing be discharged
from the further consideration of the memorial of Joseph
L Smith, representing that the pro>perity of the country
will be greatly promoted by the distribution, under authority
of law, of the President's anuual menage, with tin; accom-
panying documents, the Patent Office repoits, Geological
and Topographical reports, and such other documents as
CongrefS may deem appropriate, to each common school
in the United Siaies, for the Use of ihe people of th>ir re-
spective school di&nicts; and that the s-ame be laid upon
the table.
On motion by Mr. MURRAY, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Printing be discharged
from the further consideration of the resolution of inquiry
in regard to the printing of the Census repoit; and also from
the tui tiier consideration of the memorial ot J. C. G. Ken-
nedy, in relation to printing the statistics, ot manufactures..
And it was referred to the Select Committee on
Printing.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentuck)*. I offer ihe fol-
lowing resolution, from the Committee on Print-
ing:
Resolved, That there be printed, for the u^o of the House
of Kepiesi-iitauves, thirty thousand copies of the. mechani-
cal putt oi the Patent Office report, and ten thousand copies
lor the une oi tiie Commissioner of Patents.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would like to make one
suggestion in that connection. I am very willing
that there should be a libeial appropriation for the
Patent Office report. If you print forty thousand
, copies of the mechanical part, it will give nearly
I two hundred copies to each member, which is
| more than we need of that document. I think it
| would be*far better to print a small edition of this
j part, and a larger edition of the agricultural part,
j The whole community are anxious to get the
i agricultural part. I find, when I get two hundred
! copies of the mechanical part, that, in my district,
| there are not probably over twenty or twenty-jive
I persons who care anything about receiving!!; and
j the mechanics who do get it find that the abstracts
! contained in the document are so impeifeet that
i they derive but little pracucal use from them.
I On the other hand, if 1 had oneortwo thousand
| copies of the agricultural part I could dispose of
I them to verygrcatadvantage, as there aieso many
| individuals anxious to get them. I hope, there-
i fore, that the gentleman from Kentucky will re-
j dure the number of the mechanical part to fifteen
! thousand copies, which will give every member
I sixty or eighty copies, and make a larger increase
i of the edition of the agricultural part. 1 make
j this suggestion to the gentleman over the way, and
I hope that he will either move, or allow me to
i move, to reduce the number of the mechanical part
| to be piinted, with 'a view of increasing the edi-
| tion of the other part.
! Mr. STANTON . The ideas of the gentleman
1 from North Carolina [Mr. Ot.tmgmax] accord fully
. with my own, and the resolution of the committee
| is intended to cairy them out. This resolution
i proposes to publish twenty thousand copies less
| than were published last year. The work is not
j so important or valuable as the agricultural part,
j and the committee thought it better to diminish the
i number of the one and increase the other. Sixty
1 thousand copies of this part were published lust
year, and the resolution proposes to i educe it to
fo?ty thousand now, that we may arid the differ-
ence, twenty thousand, to the agricultural part.
Thirty thousand copies are intended for distribu-
I tion by members, and ten thousand for the use of
| the Commissioner of Patents. This will not give
I us more than we can readily send to our constitu-
| ents.
: Mr. CLING-MAN. The edition of one hun-
| dred thousand copies of the agricultural part last
j year gave us four hundred copies each, thirty
j thousand ought to give us one third of that nurn-
i her. It will give us one hundred, which I think
unnecessarily large.
Mr. STANTON. We did get four hundred
copies of the agricultural part, and this thirty
thousand copies will allow to each member one
hundred and twenty.
Mr. MURRAY. I was about to. say, that at
the last, session of Congress we ordered sixty
thousand copies of the mechanical part of the
Patent Office report to be printed; fifty thousand
tor the use of members, and ten thousand for the
use of the Patent Office. This number gave two
| hundred copies of this part of the report to each
| member. We propose now to reduce the num-
I ber of the mechanical part, and increase that of
the agricultural. The agricultural report has not
yet been made. The committee propose to print,
for the use of members, thirty thousand copies of
the mechanical report, which will give one hun-
dred and twenty to each member, and ten thou-
sand copies for the use of the Patent Office. That
is the c< ncfusion to which we have come.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I desiie to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Printing what
number of this document has been heretofore or-
dered by former Congresses?
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. We printed
sixty thousand last year.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 hope the usual number will
be printed. We have all of us got mechanics
enough m our districts to distribute them among.
Mr. CLINGMAN. They do not want them,
Mr. BAYLY. I think they do want them
Mr. STRAUB. I ask that the resolution may
be read again. I do not precisely understand it.
The resolution was again read by the Clerk.
Mr. STRAUB. Do I understand, that this is
the report for the present year?
Mr. STANTON. It is the report which was
submitted a few days ago.
Mr. STRAUB. Well, it is a report which has
not yet been printed; is it not?
Mr. STANTON. It has not yet been printed.
Mr. STRAUB. If it be in older, I will move
to amend by striking out the number inserted in
the resolution* and to insert sixty thousand.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope that motion will not
prevd.il. I have tried, daring the last three Con-
gresses, to get northern members, who are sup-
posed to represent a larger number of mechanics
than we at the South, to exchange agricultural re-
ports for my mechanical reports; but I have never
been able to get one of them to exchange with
me. I have sent my mechanical reports to the
mechanics of my district, and have received com-
plaints from them for so doing. They say they
would rather have the other p?.U. I have no
doubt that if the number of mechanical reports
were much reduced, and the number of agricul-
tural increased to a corresponding extent, we
should much better meet the wants of even the
mechanics of the country.
I do hope, therefore, that if we are to spend
money in printing and circulating these Patent
Office reports, that the number of the mechanical
will be diminished, and that of the agricultural in-
creased. I myself think the number reported by
the committee is too large, but it should certainly
not be increased.
Mr. HUNT. 1 would suggest to the gentle-
man from North Carolina that he moveto increase
I the number of the agricultural report to the same
extent that he diminishes the mechanical.
.Mr. CLINGMAN. That is what I desire.
Mr. I3L1SS. I do not know what the wants
and requirements of the people may be in that
section of the country in which the gentleman
from Noch Carolina resides, but I do know well
that, m that portion of the country from which I
come, there is no document furnished by the Gov-
ernment in so great a demand as the mechanical
report of the Commissioner of Patents. It has
been utterly impossible to supply the demand, or
I any considerable portion of the demand, for that
! document. A large portion of the people, and a
j very valuable portion of them too, in the West
j are engaged in mechanical pursuits, and they
! look to this document for the Information they de-
I sire.
The States have nearly all of them agricultural
institutions, which furnish probably to the people
nearly all the information which they can get
from the agricultural branch of this report*; but it
is not so with the mechanics. Hence, for good,
and sufficient reasons, there is a greater demand
for this document than for the other branch of
this report; and for the benefit of the people which
I represent, as well as for others, I hope that .a
libera! supply of this valuable document will be
printed for distribution among them.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Believing that the
Ilouse understand this question perfectly, without
any further explanations, I move the previous
question.
Mr LANE. Will the effect of*the previous
question, if seconded, he to bring the House to a
vote upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania?
The SPEAKER. That will be ita effect.
