1986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
from Michigan say that if any debate arises on
the river and harbor bill he will give way.
Mr. STUART. 1 said that if it ran into a
lengthy debate, by and.by 1 would give way for
an Executive session.
Mr. BELL. Now, Mr. President, I appeal to
that honorable Senator to say whether, if this bill
is not taken up, we have any prospect of getting
the decision of the Senate on it this session. If
we allow it to be overslaughed now by an Execu-
tive session, and then by appropriation bill after
appropriation bill, all of which must and will pass,
as you know, we shall have this hill postponed
until the last night of the session, and then we
know what will become of it.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator will allow me
to interrupt him, I do not believe that he and i,
being firm friends of this bill, can do better than
just vote against Executive session, and against
all the appropriation bills until this is disposed of.
That is my intention, and I shall vote to take up
no other appropriation bill until this bill is dis-
posed of. i think we had better not spend much
time in discussing it.
Mr. BROWN. I shall vote against going into
Executive session, for the reason which I have
assigned two or three times before: that I see no
necessity for pressing Executive business upon us
to the exclusion of matters of legislation. I should
not have said anything now except to say, that if
we fail to go into Executive session, I shall vote
against taking up the river and harbor bill. I do
not wish to be understood as voting against the
Executive session for the purpose of taking up
that bill. I am opposed to taking it up at all.
Mr. GrWIN. The chairman of the Committee
on Finance has the fortification bill ready to report
without a solitary amendment. In my opinion, it
will pass in five minutes. There will be no de-
bate upon it at all. It contains the estimates of
the Department only. It passed through the
other House, and it is not proposed by any one
here to amend it. I believe the same thing may
be said of the Post Office appropriation bill; and if
we should spend a short time this morning on !
those appropriation bills, to which there will be
no objection and no amendment, we shall make
very important progress before we go into Execu-
tive session, if the Senate determine to do that. I
therefore hope the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Hunter] will ask the privilege of reporting these
appropriation bills, in order that they may be
passed at once.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the friends of the
river and harbor improvement bill will insist upon
supporting the motion of the Senator from Michi-
gan. It is very obvious that unless the friends of
those improvements,nowmake a stand, and agree
to vote against everything until the decision of the
Senate can be had on taking up that bill, we shall
not reach it at this session. As the bill now stands,
I believe, with my colleague on the Committee on
Commerce, [Mr. Stuart,] it will occupy but little
time of the Senate. As regards the Executive
session sought for by the Senator from Virginia,
it will be perfectly easy for the Senate, if it is found
that this bill leads to a protracted debate, at one
or two o'clock to postpone its further considera-
tion until to-morrow morning. We can go on
with it for a time, and leave the rest of the after-
noon for Executive session. It is said that these
appropriation bills can be passed in an hour or
two. If they can be passed in an hour or two
before the river and harbor bill is taken up, they
can be passed in an hour or two after it is disposed
of just as well. The river and harbor bill is a'
House bill. Our action upon it makes it complete;
and there will then remain nothing bu,t the action of
theExecutive to determine whether itshall become
a law or not. I hope that the vote on taking up
this bill will be considered as a test vote with the
friends of the measure. *
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Louisiana that if I could be permitted
to report these two bills, to which I imagine there
will be neither amendment aor opposition, they
•would not interfere with his taking the stand
which he desires to take in reference to the river
and harbor bill. I think we can get through with
them in fifteen minutes.
Mr. G WIN. The Senator from Louisiana cer-
tainly will not object to the fortification bill. His
State, as well as mine, is interested in it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the river and harbor bill
be taken up, I will agree to lay it aside, by unan-
imous consent, for a minute or two, so as to pass
those appropriation bills, and then go on with it
again. I want the bill taken up.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not promise to take up
the river and harbor bill.
Mr. WELLER. I hope we shall have a vote
on this proposition. We are in the habit of con-
suming a great deal of time in discussing the ques-
tion whether we shall do anything or not, or the
order in which we shall do it. If this river and
harbor bill pass, under the Constitution the Pres-
ident will be entitled to ten days to consider it.
There are not ten days of this session left; and,
in my opinion, he would require full ten days to
satisfy himself of the constitutionality of it. I do
not know what we should gain by taking it up.
Mr. JOHNSON. I may get the ear of the
Chair, probably, by raising a question of order. It
is this: We have a morning hour set apart for the
transaction of specific business. It seems to be
impossible to get that business transacted. The
whole hour seems to be consumed in this debate
on the river and harbor bill. Now, is it in order,
in any way, to bring forward a motion to take up
the river and harbor bill during the morning hour ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order
to suspend the usual order of business by a vote
to that effect.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is there any motion pending
in regard to the river and harbor bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
motion pending to go into Executive session.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope very much that the
Senator will allow us, before he asksus to go into
Executive session, to get clear of the regular morn-
ing business, because we have not had an oppor-
tunity for a week, I believe, to devote the hour to
that business.
Mr. MASON. If the Senate will determine
to proceed to the consideration of Executive bus-
iness, I shall then, with great pleasure, allow half
an hour, by unanimous consent, to be devoted to
morning business beforeactually going into Exec-
utive session.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is all I want.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 desire to say that I think
we had better proceed with the river and harbor
bill. The appropriation bills are sure to pass—
there is no fear of them; but the river and harbor
bill may not pass. I hear only one reason why
we should not take it up; that is, that it is so late
in the session that it will not leave ten days for
the President to examine it after we have passed
it. That is a reason for taking it up immediately.
I hope, therefore, that the friends of the bill will
insist upon taking it up, and taking it up now,
and not give way for the Executive session. '
Mr. DAWSON. In reply to the argument of
the Senator from New York, I beg to say that it
has been intimated by the friends of the river and
harbor bill that it will take less time to consider
it than any of the appropriation bills. We had
better, therefore, agree to the proposition of the
Senator from Virginia; for the President will then
have more time to consider bills that may require
mature examination. There is no bill, gentlemen
may be assured, upon which the President will
require so little time for consideration, as the river
and harbor bill; for upon that subject his mind
has been long since made up.
Mr. CHASE. I trust the river and harbor
bill will be taken up. If there are votes enough
to confirm any treaty, there are, as everybody
knows, votes enough to sit it out and compel the
fulfillment of it. We can take up the treaty any
day next week; and if the friendsof the treaty de-
sire it, and they are in the majority, they can
accomplish the whole object in a single day.
It is impossible to do that with the river and
harbor bill. So also with the appropriation bills.
No appropriation bill, during my period of ser-
vice here, has ever failed. We know from ex-
perience that in one instance, at least, and 1 think
in more than one, the river and harbor bill has
failed, in consequence of being taken up at too
late a period in the session; and I think we shall
risk nothing now in saying, that if the river and
haroor bill is not taken up this week, it will not be
taken up for definite action at all.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Senator from Ohio
says there is no danger of the appropriation bills.
That may be; but how do we pass them? On
the last nights of the session ? Suppose the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, or the chair-
man of the Committee on Ways and Means in the
other House, should, under the terrible labor
which they have to encounter, break down during
this oppressive weather, what kind of condition
should we be in? They are especially in charge
of these matters; and they are especially ac-
quainted with them. It is not the way to legis-
late upon appropriation bills to put them off to
the last.
Mr. BADGER. Will my friend from Penn-
sylvania allow me to suggest to him that if we
consume the whole morning in debating whether
we will do anything, we may break down the ap-
propriation bills, the river and harbor bill, and
everything else. By continuing this course we
shall do nothing.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That is true; but as I only
occupy about half the time which the honorable
Senator does in making speeches, I shall make a
few more remarks now. I consider legislative
business much more important than any Execu-
tive business that we can transact, at any rate
during the present session; and if either class of
business is to go over, I prefer that it should be the
Executive business; because if it should be very
pressing, and the interests of the country should
require<ys to assemble here again, the Executive
can call us together. For these reasons I shall
vote against ffoinsj into Executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
on Mr. Mason's motion, and declared that it wan
lost.
Mr. MASON called for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, it is too late.
The Chair has decided.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL-
Mr. STUART. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the river and harbor
bill.
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays werffirdered.
Mr. ADAMS. I desire to say that yesterday
morning I made a motion to take up the bill for
the relief of Mrs. Batchelder. I gave way, with
the view of considering the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, with the understanding that
that bill was to be called up this morning. I shall,
therefore, vote against this motion, for the pur-
pose of calling up that bill, if it should fail.
The yeas and nays were taken, with the fol-
lowing result:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Badger, BpII, Benja-
min, Bright, Cass, ohase, Clayton, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Dodge of Xovva, Douglas, Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Geyer,
Gillette, James, Johnson, Jones of Tennessee, Penrce,
Pettitj Pratt, Rockwell, Rusk, Sebastian. Seward, Shields,
Shdeli, Stuart. Sumner, Thomson of New Jersey, Wade,
Walker, and Welier—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Brodhead, Brown, Butler,
Dawson, Fttzpatrick, Gvvin, Houston, Hunter, Mallory,
Mason, and Toombs—12.
So the motion to take up the river and harbor
bill was agreed to.
After the motion was agreed to, and before pro-
ceeding to the consideration of -the bill, various
memorials and reports were received by unani-
mous consent, which are classified elsewhere, and
| the following business was transacted:
CHAHTAHKEE, NUSCOG&E, AND CHAHTAH
TERRITORIES.
Mr. JOHNSON. Early in the session I intro-
duced a bill to establish the Territories of Chah-
tahkee, Muscogee, and Chahtah, which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories. I am now
directed by the committee to report it back. I ask
that the usual number of the bill and reports in
the case may be printed; and, under the instruc-
tion of the committee, that the bill be made the
special order for the 15th of December next.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is first on making it a special order.
The motion was agreed to, and the motion to
print was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am instructed by-the Com-
mittee on Printing to recommend that five thou-
sand extra copies of the bill and report be printed
for the use of the Indian department, with the view
of distribution amongthese different tribes of In-
dians, that they may be heard from distinctly
through their councils, their chiefs, and their
principal people, by the next session of Congress.
I ask, then, under the instruction of the Com-
