1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1987
mittee on Printing, that five thousand additional
copies may be ordered for the Indian department.
The motion was agreed to.
BRIG GENERAL ARMSTRONG.
Mr.GEYER. I asktheSenate to considerthe
motion which I submitted some time ago to recon-
sider the vote by which the bili for the relief of
the owners of the private armed brig General
Armstrong was rejected. The object is simply
to place it on the Calendar.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to, and the
bill goes on the Calendar.
GOVERNOR RAMSAY.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I hope the Senatenow will
oblige-me by taking up the resolution for printing
additional documents in regard to the investiga-
tion of charges against Governor Ramsay. It
will lead to no debate at all. It is absolutely
necessary to act upon it now.
The motion to proceed to the consideration of
the resolution was agreed to.
The resolution was as follows:
Resolve!, That in addition to the documents in the case
of Alexander Runsay, late Governor of the Terutory of
Minnesota, ordered to be printed on the 8th instant, all the
papers on file, as well as the correspondence between the
Commissioners and the First Comptroller, he printed in
Executive document No. 61, of the present session.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move to strike out the
words "as well as the correspondence between
the Commissioners and the First Comptroller,"
and insert, t( all the papers on file referred to said
committee."
That amendment, I believe, suits all parties and
interests, and has been agreed upon.
The amendment was agreed to; and the resoiu*
tion, as amended, was adopted.
ROCK ISLAND.
Mr. SHIELDS. I ask the unan imous consent
of the Senate to take up the bill granting the right
of way across Rock Island for a railroad
Mr. STUART. I ^hink the Senate had better
not take up that now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent. Does the Senator from Mich-
igan object?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
BOSTON, PHILADELPHIA, AND NEW YORK
COURTS.
Mr. TOUCEY. I ask leave to report back
from the Judiciary Committee the Senate bill which
passed the House with an amendment, providing
temporary accommodation for the courts in Bos-
ton, New York, and Philadelphia. I ask for its
consideration now.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to taking up any-
thing for consideration but the river and harbor
bill. I object to anything but reports and me-
morials. I am compelled to do so, or we shall
not get at the river and harbor bill at all.
POSTAGES.
Mr. RUSK. I want to make an appeal to the
honorable Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stu-
art,] to the honorable Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. Benjamin,] and to the Senate generally. |
A very important bill has come from the House i
of Representatives in relation to postage, which |
will simplify the business of the Post Office Depart- i
ment and increase the revenue, two things which I
are very desirable. It is a very short bill, and the i
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads pro- j
pose butavery short amendment. lamsurethere \
can be no objection to it, and unless it returns I
immediately to the House, it may fail. I
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires j
unanimous consent to consider it.
Mr. CHASE ohjected.
Mr. RUSK. I understand the Senator from
Ohio interposes objection.
Mr. STUART. Let us now proceed to the j
consideration of the river and harbor bill. !
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL. j
The Senate accordingly proceeded to consider !
the bill from the House "making appropriations
for the repair, preservation, and completion of cer-
tain works heretofore commenced under authority ,
of law." :
It was considered until half past four o'clock, !
when the Senate adjourned.
[See Appendix for the debate on the River and j
Harbor bill.] i
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 23, 1854.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. I rise to a
question of privilege. I d*esire to say, in reference
to the special committee appointed by the House
the other day 
Mr. OLDS. That is not a question of privi-
lege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
yet whether it is or not.
Mr. WASPIBURNE. The House will recol-
lect that a special committtee was appointed a
few days since to inquire into the circumstances
connected with the alteration of bill No. 342,
" making a grant of land to the Territory of Min-
nesota for the construction of a railroad therein;"
and also as to interpolations made in a certain
joint resolution. The committee have neaily fin-
ished their investigations in relation to the first
subject committed to them. As to the second
subject—in relation to the interpolation of any
joint resolution of this House—the investigation
involves matters of delicacy to me, which, with
other considerations, render it proper, in my
judgment, that I should be excused from further
service on the special committee. I therefore ask
the House that I may be excused.
Mr. LETCHER. What is the matter of deli-
cacy involved ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. It is not proper for me
to state it.
Mr. COBB, (in his seat.) I would move that
the whole committee be excused. It is too deli-
cate a subject.
Mr. W ashburne was excused; and the Speaker
thereupon appointed Mr. Simmons as his substi-
tute.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting to the House a report from the Colonel of
Engineers, submitting a report and estimate on
the improvements of Brazos river, in Texas; also,
reports on surveys of Georgetown harbor, South
Carolina, and Savannah river, from Savannah to
Augusta, in conformity to the act of August 30,
1852.
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, the communi-
cation and accompanying documents wereordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled Senate bills
of the following titles; which thereupon received
the signature of the Speaker:
An act for the compensation of James W. Low
and others, for the capture of the British private
armed schooner Ann, during the late war with
Great Britain;
An act for the relief of Purser T. P. McBlair;
and
An act supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to authorize notaries public to take and certify
oaths, affirmations, and acknowledgments, in cer-
tain cases.
Also, the following House bills:
An act for the relief of John S. Jones and Wil-
liam H. Russell, surviving partners of the firm of
Brown, Russell & Co.;
An act for the relief of the Pine Grove Acad-
emy, in Louisiana;
An act for the relief of George Mattingly; and
An act for the relief of John Frazer, and the
administrator of the estate of John G. Clendenin,
deceased.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is one appropriation
bill still behind, and to dispose of which will take
but a very short time, and for the purpose of act-
ing upon it now, I move that the House resolve
itself mto the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I am anxious to get rid of it,
and I hope we may go into committee.
Mr. OLDS. I call for the regular order of
The SPEAKER. This is private bill day.
The post route bill was introduced the other day
under a suspension of the rules; and day before
yesterday it was postponed, and by unanimous
consent, the House proceeded to the consideration
of another matter.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will allow us to dispose of this remaining
appropriation bill first.
I Mr. OLDS. The disposition of the post route
i bill will not occupy more than ten minutes.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, is not this private
bill day ?
| The SPEAKER. The Chair states that this
! is private bill day under the rules. The Chair
also states, however, that the House is now act-
ing under a suspension of the rules, which makes
the post route bill the first and only business in
order before the'body.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer now the resolutions
which I offered yesterday? I think they contain
' nothing which can be objected to.
' Mr. OLDS. Let us dispose of the post route
i bili first, and "then 1 shall have no objection to the
' gentleman's resolution.
j The SPEAKER. The question is upon sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Before that ques-
tion is put I desire to have the bill read. 1 call
; for its reading now.
! Mr. OLDS. It will take two days to read it.
| Mr. JONES. We have been here eight months,
• and I cannot, for one, consent to the passage of
] any bill without having it read to the House, so
I that they may know what there is in it,
! Mr. OLDS. If the House will permit me to
! make a statement not exceeding three minutes, i
j think 1 can obviate all difficulty.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask a question
j: before the gentleman makes his statement. If the
i1 gentleman from Tennessee intends to persist in
II his demand for the reading of the bill, it is useless
to have the statement. But if it will satisfy the
gentleman, and obviate the necessity for the read-
ing of the bill 
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Alabama objects.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not at all. If there is any
prospect of dispensing with the reading of the bill
I shall be glad to hear it.
Mr. OLDS. I wish to state to the'House that
this bill contains nothing except post routes. I
have a letter from the Postmaster General recom-
mending the reestablishment of these post routes.
I have also a certificate from the clerk in the Post
Office Department, who prepared these routes so
far as the work was done in the Post Office Depart-
ment. But, sir, I have a precedent for making
the motion that the reading of the bill be dispensed
with. The present Speaker entertained such a
motion at the last session. I move, therefore,
that the reading of the bill be dispensed with. I
will repeat what I said the other day, that this bill
would make seventy columns of the Globe, and
would take the Clerk two days to read it.
Mr. JONES. It should have been here six
months aa:o, when we could have had it printed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would in-
quire of the gentleman whether, besides the estab-
lishment of these post routes, there are not one or
two sections of the bill of a general character? If
so, I would hke to have them read it.
Mr. OLDS. There is no section relating to
1 anything except the establishment of post routes.
!j Mr. WASHBURN. But I thought, perhaps,
|i there were one or two sections relating to their
i' establishment besides that merely defining them,
ji Mr. OLDS. None at all.
|! Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the gentleman
| from Ohio a question which may obviate some of
|i the difficulty in reference to this bill. I ask him
I whether this bili proposes to repeal any post route
i! which has heretofore been established?
1 Mr. OLDS. None whatever. They are all
retained; and if any of them should have been
omitted in the bill, they would not be repealed.
1 There is no repealing clause in the bili.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion to dispense with the reading
of the bill.
i The yeas and nays were not ordered.
! Mr. PHELPS. I call for tellers. We shall
' find ourselves without a quorum unless they are
j ordered.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Jones, of
! Louisiana, and Cox, were appointed.
