420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
jiia.il route from Marengo to Toledo, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the memorial of J.
H. Rinehart and others, remonstrating against
any change in the act of Congress of 27th Jan-
uary, 3851, relating to settlers in t!\e Maison
Rouge grant; which was referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN ATO REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the case or Su-
san Coody and Richard Fields be withdrawn from the
of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON", it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the case of
Coombs Greenwell be withdrawn from the files of the Sen-
nate, and referred to the Committee ot Claims.
On motion by Mr DAWSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the case of
Jo.sepli M, Hernandez be withdrawn from the files of the
Henate, and retired to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, it was
Ordered, That thememoiiaNof physicians and of various
medical associations and institutions of Massachusetts, on
the subject of anesthesia, be withdrawn fiom the files of the
Seriate, and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill granting cer-
tain additional powers to the corporation of the
city of Washington; which was read a first time,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Ouvay H. Berrymari, praying to be allowed an
amount equal to the balance found against him on
the settlement of his accounts as acting purser
while in command of the United States schooner
Onkahye, and which amount he had been obliged
to pay over to the United States, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
was read, and passed to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Philip F. Voorhees,
praying to be allowed his expenses incurred in
carrying public ministers of the United States to
Siam, and other places in the East Indies, and
elsewhere, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for the relief of Captain Philip F. Voorhees,
United States Navy; which was read, and passed
to a second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. FISH, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the memorial of John
C. Fr. Salomon, praying an appropriation to en-
able him to test the utility of carbonic acid gas as
a motive power, reported adversely thereon?
Mr. JBRODFIEAD, from the Committee of
Claims, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives for the relief of the Utica
Steam Woolen Company, reported it back with-
out amendment, with a recommendation that it
pas-*.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the administrator of
Major Elijah J. Weed, praying that the account-
ing officers be authorized to settle his accounts on
equitable .principles, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Naval Atfdiis; which was
agreed to.
RIVER AND HARBOR BIIX.
Mr. STUART submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be, and they
art-* hereby, in^trnctdd to repmt to the Senate, at n* eatlv a
day as one can lea^onably lie piepaied,a bill making ap-
propriations lor the improvement ot huibor* <uul iivera.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I present the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to inform the Senate whether the valuation of ceitain nn
pavements, amounting to .$3,999, valued bv aircnf-s of the
United State*, in 1834, m the name of David Cartel, a Cher-
okee, who enrolled and emigrated west under the eighth
article of the treaty of 183ft, \va<s included in the claim of
wild Carter, amounting to $4,">43. adjudged to him for spoli-
ation m the nature of rent of land and null*, under the fif
auic!e oftliti treaty ot lb:i5->36, bv Messrs Lumpkin
Kennedy,commissioners for adjusting claims under &aid
treaty, from which the claimant had been dispossessed for
- jrce yeans; also, state by what authority said valuation of
$53,999 wa-: cut down to $1,251 50, and anyfurther inform-
ation on file respecting the claim which may affect its
validity.
This resolution asks for information to enable
the committee to decide upon a claim which has
been referred to them; and the information cannot
be obtained by any other process than by a reso-
lution of the Semite. The resolution calls for ex-
tracts from the files of the Department, which, by
a regulation of that Department, are not accessi-
ble except upon a resolution of this body or of
the other House. I therefore ask the Senate to
consider the resolution at this time.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resohed, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
stiucted to inquite whether anj fmther legislation is necea
saiy to protect the nnnu-tenaf officer* ot the couits, of the
United States in the discharge of their respective duties,
and that the committee leport by bill or otherwise.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
The bill to provide for the ascertainment and
satisfaction of claims of American citizens for
spoliations committed by the French, prior to the
31st day « f July, 1801, was read a third time.
The PR.ESIDSNT. The question is, e< Shall
the bill pass? "
Mr. CLAYTON. I was accidentally absent
yesterday when the yeas and nays were taken on
the engrossment of the bill. I desire to record
my name in its favor, and therefore 3 ask for the
yeas and nays upon its passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered and taken,
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bayard, Benjamin, Clay-
ton, Dawson, Dixon, Evans, Fish, Foot, Gejf'i', Hamlin,
Houston, James, Johnson, Jone* ofTennes-.ee, Maiiory,
Moiton, Pearce, I'etfit, Piatt, SobaMinn, Sewaul, Sniiih,
Thompson o( Kentucky, Toombs, and Weller—37.
NTAVS - Messrs. Adairiv, Atehi*on, Riodhead,
Chase, Dod«e of Wiacoiwn, Dodge of fowa, Dousrla*,
Fnv.patnck, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Nom  Htdeli,
Walkei, and Williams—15.
So the bill was passed.
ADDITIONAL LAND DISTRICT.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con- ,
sider the bill to establish a land district in the '
State of Florida, to be called the district of Tampa.
It proposes to create all that patt of the land dis-
trict of Nunansville and St. Augustine, in Florida,
lying south of the line dividing townships nine-
teen and twenty, south, into a new land district,
to be called the district of Tampa; and that the
act shall take effect at the expiration of six months
front} its passage.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time,'and passed.
SAN PEDRO A PORT OF ENTRY.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to the con-
sideration of the bill constituting San Pedro, in the
State of California, a port of entry arid delivery.
It ptoposes to constitute the counties of Los
Angeles, Santa Barbara, and San Bernardino,
California, a collection distiict, to be called the
thstiict of San Pedro, for whirl, district San Pedro
is to be the port of entry. The collector of the
district is to receive $3,000 per annum, with an
additional maximum compensation of $2,000, if his
emoluments and fees amount to that sum. It also
proposes to enact that Santa Barbara shall remain
a port of delivery, in the same manner as if now
constitutes a port of delivety in the distiiet of San
Diego.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 move to amend the third
section, after the word (< delivery55 where it first
occurs, by inserting the word " therein," so that ,
it will read, " that Santa Barbaia,in said district, j
shall leniam a port of delivery therein!
The amendment was agreed to. I
Mr. HAMLIN. This subject was very care-
fully examined oy the Committee on Commerce,
and the bill has the approbation of the Appraiser
General of the revenue, who made a petsonal ex-
amination of the matter, and has no doubt that
this a place where a poit of entry should be
established.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
the amendment was concurred In; the bill was oi-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read
a third time, and passed.
PUBLIC LANDS IN OHIO,
On motion by Mr. CHASE, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to the con- «
sideration of the bill to grant to the State of Ohio
the unsold and unappropriated public land re-
maining in that State.
It proposes to grant to the State of Ohio all the
unsold and unappropriated lands which may re-
main therein on the 31st of March, 1854, to be
disposed of as the Legislature shall direct; with a
proviso that the grant shall not in any manner
affect any right of preemption or other right vested
in any individual; and that the lands, the proceeds
of which are reserved for the use of certain Indian
tribes, shall not be included within the grant. It
also proposes to direct the Commissioner of the
General Land Office to proceed to close the current
land business in Ohio, and to transfer to the Gov-
ernor of the State, before the 31st of August next,
all the archives relating to public lands in that
State, except those of the Chillicothe district, re-
lating to lands lying in the State of Indiana, within
that district, which shall be attached to and sub-
ject to sale in the Jeffersonville district in Indiana.
The lands granted are to remain charged with all
liabilities and equities to which they are now
subject.
Mr. DAWSON. Will the Senator from Ohio
be good enough to state how many acres of land
are supposed to be undisposed of in that State,
and are now to be granted to Ohio?
Mr. WELLER. Only two hundred thousand.
Mr. CHASE. That is all; two hundred thou-
sand acres.
Mr. DAWSON. Only two hundred thousand!
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
CEMETERY IN DUBUQUE.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I ask the Senate now
to take up the bill " to relinquish certain lands to
the city of Dubuque, in the State of Iowa," which
has been reported from the Committee on Public
Lands. It is merely to authorize the city of Du-
buque to exchange a lot of ground given to that
city as a cemetery, for another lot, outside the
limits of the city, and of a larger extent. There
can be no objection to it at all.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. No amendment being proposed, it was
reported to the Senate without amendment, was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was
read a third, and passed.
RALATKA AND BAYPORT, FLORIDA.
On the motion of Mr. MALLORY, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill to constitute Palatkaand Bayport, in
the State of Florida, ports of delivery respect-
ively, which had been reported from the Com-
mittee on Commerce without amendment. It pro-
poses to create the places named ports of delivery,
and to subject them to the same regulations and
restr'ctions as other ports of delivery m the Uni-
ted Sutes; and to direct the appointment of a sur-
veyor of customs to reside at each, who shall, in
addition to his own duties, perform the duties and
receive the salary of the surveyors prescribed by
the act of Congress of the 2d of March, 1831, " al-
lowing- the duties on foreign merchandise imported
into Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cincinnati, Louisville,
j St. Louis, Nabhviile, and Natchez, to be secured
j ami-paid at those places. It also proposes to an-
I nex Palatka to the collection district of St. John 5s,
i and Bayport to the collection districtof St. Marks,
and to extend all the privileges and facilities to
them which are afforded to the places named in the
act ot'March 2d, 1831."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
ndment, oidered to. be engrossed for a third
.ding, was read a third time, and passed.
TERRITORY OF NEBRASKA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to organize the Teuitory of Nebraska.
The pending question is on the amendment
moved by Mr. Douclas to the 14th section of the
substitute reported by the Committee on Territo-
ries, to stiike out the words
— 'winch [Hie Missouii compromise act] wa- supttr-
Th
ani£n
J*
