1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
seded by the principles of the legislation of 1850, commonly
called the compiomise measures, and is hereby deulaied
inoperative,"
and to insert,
—which being inconsistent with the principles of non-inter-
vention by Congress with slavery in the States and Territo-
jicSj a^ recognized by the legislation of 1850, commonly
called tile compi online measures, n hereby declared mope-
rarive and void, it being the true intent and meaning of this
act not to legislate slavery into any Territory or State, nor
to exclude it therefiom; but to jeave the people thereof
perfectly free to form and regulate their domestic institu-
tion^ in their own way, subject only to the Constitution of
the United States.
Mr. HOUSTON continued and concluded the
speech which be commenced yesterday. [See Ap-
pendix for speech.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois to the fourteenth sec-
tion.
Mr. CHASE. I would inquire whether the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois is capable
of division ? If so, I wish to have it divided, so
that the question may first be taken upon the pre-
amble, as it may be called, to the main proposi-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would inquire of the Senator from Ohio how he
would propose to divide the amendment?
Mr. CHASE. I wish to have the question
first taken on the reason assigned for the repeal,
or for the declaration that the act of 1820 is inop-
erative and void, so that the declaration wili stand
as a substantive and distinct proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion
of the Chair the amendment is not susceptible of
that division.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment, and they were taken, and
resulted—yeas 35, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atclnson, Bayard, Hell, Benja-
min, Btodhcfid, Biown, Butler, Cass, Ohuton, Dawson,
Dixon, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Evans, Fitapafriok, Geyer,
Gwin, Hunter, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennes-
see, Mason, Morton, Norns, Poarce, Petut, Fiatt. {Sebas-
tian, Slide!!, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs,
Weller, and Williams—35.
NAY'S—Me&sis. Allen, Chase. Dod^p of Wisconsin, Eve-
rett, Fif>!i, Foot, Houston, Sewaid, Sumner, and Wade—10,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The cpestion
is now upon the substitute reported by tire com-
mittee for the original bill.
Mr. CHASE. I desire to submit an amend
went, to insert immediately after the words which
have just been inserted, the following :
Under winch the people of the Territory, through th^ir
appDjniate rcpiesentativof, may, if they see fit, prohibit
the eti&tence o|- slavery th'nein.
I ask for the yeaa and nays upon the amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHASE. I will state, in very few words,
the design of this amendment. The amendment
just adopted declares that it is the true intent and
meaning of this act not to legislate slavery into
any Territory or State, nor to exclude it therefrom;
but to leave the people thereof perfectly free to
form and regulate their domestic institutions in
their own wpy, subject only to the Constitution of
the United States. The amendment had already
declared theA5issouri prohibinoninconsistentwith
th e principle of non-intervention by Congress with
slavery m the States and Territories as recognized
by the legislation of 1850, commonly called the
compromise measures. It will be seen that the
amendment just adopted does two things. It puts
a construction on the acts of 1850, and then it con-
strues the act of which it is a part. It declares-
the principle of the acts of 1850 inconsistent with
the Missouri prohibition; and it declares for the
act, of which it forms a part, that its design is to
leave the subject of slavery to be disposed ot by
the people of the Territories, subject only^t
limitations of the Constitution ot the IT
Stai-°s.
Now I desire to have the sense of the Senate
upon the question, whether or not, under the lim-
itations of the Constitution of the United State?1,
the people of the Territories can prohibit the exist-
ence of slavery there?
There can he no reasonable objection to the ex-
pression of the judgment of the Senate on this
question. The very amendment just adopted is,
for the most part, only an expression of the judg-
ment of the Senate on a question of interpretation.
The only words of legislation in it are these;
the
(Tinted
" Is hereby declared inoperative and void;" all the
rest is opinion, judgment, intent.
Now I want a little clearer understanding of one
important point. I want the judgment of the Sen-
ate upon the question whether, under the limitations
of the Constitution, the people of the Territories can
protect themselves against slavery?
After I have obtained a vote on this question, I
shall want to know—and if no other Senator shall
do it, I will move amendments calculated to ascer-
tain—whether it be intended to give the principle
of non-intervention, asserted by the bill, full scope? 1
If it is to be adopted, I want to see it fully and
thoroughly carried out.
I object to the amendment which has just been
adopted, that it will have opposite interpretations
in different sections of the country. Jn one sec-
tion it will be construed as leaving the whole sub-
ject of slavery completely at the disposition of the j
people of the Territories; and in another section ■
as so binding up the people, by its reference to the
limitations of the Constitution, that they can in
no case, and by no means, however disposed to
do so, protect themselves against the introduction
of slavery. I shall detain theSenate,forthe pres-
ent, no longer. My desire only is, that the Senate
and the country may understand clearly the scope
and purpose of the amendment I now submit, and
to have a vote, by ayes and noes, upon it.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, the principle
which the Senator from Ohio has announced as
the principle of his amendment is, that the ques-
tion shall be left entirely and exclusively to the
people of the Territories whether they will prohibit
slavery or not. Now, for the purpose of testing
' the sincerity of the Senator, and for the purpose
of deducing the principle in his amendment cor-
rectly, I propose to amend it by inserting after
the word "prohibit" the words " or inti oduce;"
so that if my amendment be adopted, and the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio, as so
| amended, be introduced as part of the bill, the
principle which he says he desires to have tested
here will be inserted m the bill—that the people
of the Territories shall have power either to in-
troduce or prohibit slavery, as they may think
proper. I suppose the question will be first taken
on the amendment which I offer to the amend-
ment.
Mr. SEWARD. Is an amendment to an
amendment to an amendment in order?
Mr. CHASE. The amendment which I offered
is an amendment to an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Maryland is not now in
order.
Mr. PRATT. Perhaps the Senator from Ohio \
will accept it. [
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to ask a j
question of the Senator from Ohio. His object i
in offering tins amendment must be obvious to ]
the Senate. lie either intends to perfect the bill i
and make it acceptable, or he intends to embar- ;
rues it. One of these two things is inevitable. !
Now, I wish to ask the Senator from Ohio !
whether, if we adopt his amendment, he will vote j
for the bill? I hope he will answer the question, j
lie refuses to answer, and it is therefore obvious
that his purpose is to embarrass the bill. I hop-':
no friend of the bill will suffer himself to be en-
tangled in this way.
: Mr CHASE. Mr. President, I have no ob-
• jection whatever to answer the question put to me
j'from the honorable Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
| Jones.] I say to him distinctly, that I will not
[ vote for this bill, unless relieved of every clause
looking towards the abrogation of the Missouri
] prohibition.
j Bat, sir, is anything less doubtful than that it is
I the right and duty of a Senator, who sees that a
bill containing important provisions, so obnoxious
! ss to make it impossible for him to vote for it, is
vet likely to pass the Senate—is it not, I say, the
right and duty of a Senator, under such circum-
stances, to endeavor as far as practicable to make
: the bill in other respects such as he desires it to
, he? A measure of legislation may fail to com-
i mend itself to my judgment, and yet may be ren-
dered vastly less obnoxious by amendment than
in its original shape. I have moved this amend-
ment, therefore, in good faith. I wish to see the
bill perfected, asnear as may be, in accordance with
the principle upon which it is said to be framed. j
I remaiked, when last up, that 1 should probably
have other amendments to offer, and I may as well
indicate briefly the nature of those amendments.
The advocates of the bill say that it is framed
upon the principle of non-intervention. But what
kind of non-intervention ? You refer the question
of slavery to the people of the Territories, to be
acted upon through their Legislatures; do you not?
Certainly you say so. But then the Legislature
of the Territory is to act upon that question, sub-
ject to the restrictions ami limitations of the Constitu-
| tion of the United Slates,
Now, sir, there are great differences of opinion
here as to what the limitations and restrictions of
the Constitution are. Some Senators think that
the Constitution of the United States lias no opera-
tion at all in the Territories, unless extended to
them by express enactment. Other Senators are
of opinion that the Constitution extends over the
Territories from the moment of acquisition. Other
Senators maintain that the Constitution, properly
interpreted, would have prevented the existence
of slavery in the Territories altogether, and would
render it impossible for a Territorial Legislature to
introduce slavery by a valid enactment. Other
Senators contend that, under the Constitution, no
Territorial Legislature can exclude slavery.
Now, sir, 1 desire to have the sense of the Sen-
ate upon the question, whether the Territorial Le-
gislatures to which you propose to refer this great
question—vital to the future destiny of the people
who are to emigrate into those Territories—can,
" subject to the Constitution," protect themselves, if
they see fit to do so, from slavery? The Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Pratt] has proposed an
amendment to my amendment. I cannot accept it.
But it will be entirely within the power of the Sen-
ate, after adopting my amendment, to agree to his,
if they see fit to do so.
Mr. SHIELDS. If the honorable Senator will
; permit me, I will suggest to him, if he wishes to
| test that proposition, to put the converse, as sng-
' gpsted by the honorable Senator from Maryland,
i and then it will be a fair proposition. Let the Sen-
ator from Ohio accept the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Maryland, for the purposeof testing the
question.
Mr. CHASE. I was about to state why I
could not accept the amendment of the Senator
from Maryland. I have no objection that the
votes should be taken upon it; and it is probable
that it would receive the sanction of a majority
here. But with my views of the Constitution, I
cannot vote for it. I do not believe that a Terri-
torial Legislature, though it may have the power
to protect the people against slavery, is constitu-
tionally competent to introduce it. A majority
; here probably think otherwise. A vote upon my
j amendment will not prevent a vote from being
I taken upon the proposition of the Senator from
| Maryland. I cannot vote for his amendment.
' He will not vote for mine. There may be a ma-
jority for each, and yet a proposition uniting both
| 'might be reverted. I submit, therefore, to the
j good sense of the distinguished Senator from Illi-
! nois, [Mr. Shields,] whether it is not fairest to
| take a separate vote upon each proposition ? If
! there be a majority who believe that the people of
i a Territory can, under the Constitution, protect
\ themselves from slavery, let them say so. And if .
,! another and a different majority, who think that
I the people of aTerritory can, ifthey see fit, intro-
i duce slavery, let them say so. There is nothing
' in the adoption of the one amendment which
j would preclude the adoption of the other. Butlet
] us have a vote upon the distinct and substantive
proposition, unembarrassed by connection with
1 any other; then let the proposition of the Senator
. from Maryland be submitted and voted upon un-
embarrassed bv any connection with mine.
is fair. In my judgment it is the only fair mode
of ascertaining the sense of the Senate. J he sole
object of my amendment is to let the people of the
: coutvry see whether those who assert the prin-
ciple of non-intervention are willing that the peo-
ple of the Territories may, if they see fit, exclude
^fy/r^President, I have referred to the limitations
! under'which the Territorial Legislatures are to act
under the provisions of this bill. They may legis-
I late among other subjects, upon that of slavery.
1 But'how? Freely' Without restraint ? Isnon-
: intervention the real principle of this bill? Why,
i sir, according to one of the provisions of this bill,
j every art of the Territorial Legislature is subject
