THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
fcullocli, McDougall, McNair, Macy, Maurice, Maxwell,
Smith Miller, Nichols, Norton, Olds, Andrew Oliver,
Mordecai Oliver, Peck, Peckham, Preston, Puryear, Kid
die, Robbins, Rogers, Ruffin, Russell, Sapp, Seward,
Shannon, Shower, Simmons, Gerrit Smith, Samuel A.
Smith, Sollers, Richard H. Stanton, Hestor 1.. Stevens,
Strauh, Andrew Stuart, John L. Taylor, Trout, IJpham,
Vail, Wade, Walley, Ellihu B. Washburne, John Went-
worth, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, Wheeler, Hen-
dnekBi.,Wright, and Zollicoffer—90.
NAY'S—Messrs. Willis Allen, Appleton, Barksdale,
Barry, Belcher, Bocock, Boyee, Bridges, Brooks, Chris-
man, Clingman, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Curtis, John G.
Davis, Dick, Dunbar, Dunham, Eastman, English, Farley,
Faulkner, Fuller, Grey, Grow, Aaron Harlan,Sampson VV.
Harris, Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Houston, In-
gersoll., Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Kidwell,
Kittredge, Letcher, McMullin, McQueen, Matteson, Mill-
son, Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Noble, Parker, Phelps,
Phillips, Pratt, Reese, Rowe, Sabin, Sage, Shaw, Skelton,
William Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, John
J. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Wells, and Daniel B.
Wright—63.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
[Here a message was received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by Sidney Webster,
Esq., his Private Secretary, notifying the House
that he had approved and signed bills of the fol-
lowing titles:
An act for the relief of Charles Lee Jones;
An act to create and provide a pension for Da-
vid Powle;
An act creating a collection district in New
York, to be called the district of Dunkirk, and to
constitute Dunkirk a port of entry, and the ports
of Barcelona, Silver Creek, and Cattaraugus Creek
ports of delivery; and
An act making appropriation to defray the ex-
pense of the Cayuse war.]
[A message was received from the Senate by
Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed a bill of the
House, establishing certain post routes.]
private calendar.
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 move that the House do
now resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar,
(Mr. English in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. This is objection day.
All the bills on the Private Calendar previous to
bill No. 449 having been objected to when the
committee was last in session, the bill first on the
Calendar is House bill (No. 449) " granting
bounty land to Cornelius Coffey."
Mr. FULLER. Mr. Chairman, on a former
occasion I made an objection to Senate bill " for
the relief of the legal representatives of Major
CalebSwan,deceased." Since then 1 have looked
into the matter, and am now satisfied that the
provisions of the bill are right. 1 therefore ask
leave to withdraw my objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. We
cannot go back in that way.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 hope the gentleman from
Maine will be permitted, by unanimous consent,
to withdraw his objection to the bill in question.
He objected without having examined it, and
now he is satisfied that it ought to pass.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] as
objecting
Mr. JONES. Yes; we cannot go back.
The Clerk then reported the bill for the relief of
Cornelius Coffey. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to issue to Cornelius Coffey, late a pri-
vate in company G of the light infantry of the
United States Army, a land warrant for one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land.
From the report, which was read, it appears
that the memorialist was enlisted on the lilth of
June,1848, into the Army of the United States,
at Milwaukie, Wisconsin, by Lieutenant E. W.
Wright,of the fifteenth infantry; that the war with
Mexico had terminated on the 30th of May pre-
vious, but that the news of its termination had not
reached Milwaukie at tT\e time of the enlistment
of the memorialist; thatLieutenant E. W. Wright,
acting on orders received on the 13th of June,
1848, offered those who enlisted, (among whom
was the memorialist,) as an inducement to enlist,
the land bounty and a bounty of twelve dollars
in money; that the said inducements were held
out until the latter part of July, a date subsequent
to the enlistment of the memorialist, when Lieu-
tenant W right received orders to cease offering
those inducements; that the memorialist has re-
ceived the money bounty, but has been deprived
of the land bounty, for the reason that he enlisted
after the termination of the Mexican war, and
therefore could not have served, actually or con-
structively, in that war.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it pass.
House bill " for the relief of the heirs of James
Greer, deceased." [Objected to by Mr. Jones,
of Tennessee.]
House bill " for the relief of John H. King."
The bill and report were read.
Mr. LETCHER.. That bill comes within the
principle established by our committee, and 1 must j
object to it.
Joint resolution " giving onehundred and sixty
acres of land to Francis M. Gwin, of Indiana."
The resolution proposes that the Secretary of
the Interior be directed to issue to Francis M.
Gwin, of New Albany, Indiana, a land warrant
for one hundred and sixty acres of land, in con-
sideration of his gallant services in serving during
the Mexican war whilst he was a minor.
From the report of the committee it appears
! that Francis M. Gwin, soon after the outbreak of
I the Mexican war, expressed a desire to join the
; armies of his country; that he applied to be ad-
i mitted into Captain Sanderson's company in the
j Indiana volunteers; but being at that time hardly
! fifteen years of age, he could not be mustered into
j the service, and therefore could not receive any
j pay or emolument from the United States; that,
! undaunted by the disadvantages which oil that
j account would occur to him, he marched to the i
I seat of war with that company, and served in j
j Taylor's line twelve months, during which time I
| he performed gallant services in the battle of Buena I
j Vista; that on the day of that memorable battle, j
! with musket in hands, doing duty in the ranks,
j he fell in the rear by a rapid movement, and was
run over by the enemy's cavalry,and was left for
dead; but soon after sprang up, and, by pushing
rapidly forward, again joined the forces; and that
he continued with the command until the expira-
tion of enlistment, and only left when the troops
were mustered out of service.
The joint resolution was laid aside to be re-
ported to the House, with a recommendation that
it pass.
House bill " for the relief of Eleanor Hoople, of
the Province of Canada."
The bill and report were read.
Mr. McMULLIN. I object.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I rise to express the
hope that the gentleman from Virginia will with-
draw his objection.
Mr. McMULLIN. I do not want to be un-
derstood as being wanting in chivalry or gratitude
towards a poor woman who took care of one of
our wounded soldiers. But it is the duty of every
State in the Union to look after its own volunteers
or private citizens.
Mr. FAULKNER. This man was not a vol-
unteer; he was asoldierof the American Army.
Mr. McMULLIN, (after the next bill had been
read.) Well, at the instance of the gentleman
from Virginia, I waive my objection. 1 did not
understand that the old lady was a Canadian.
Mr. PECK. I rise to a question of order. I
inquire of the Chair whether it is in order to go
back on the Calendar in this way ?
The CHAIRMAN. Notunlessby the unani-
mous consent of the committee.
Mr. PECK. Then I object.
Mr. FAULKNER. Well, I am glad, at all
events, that the objection to this bill will not appear
ou the record as coming from one of the Virginia
delegation.
Mr. PECK, (after the next bill had been re-
ported.) I desire to withdraw my objection in the
case of bill No. 452.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the
gentleman doing so. It is not in order to go back
on the Calendar.
The bill was passed over.
House bill " providing for the grant of land to
the Vermont volunteers for their services at the
battle of I'lattsburg."
Mr. JONES, of .Tennessee. I object j that bill
is contrary to the general law.
The bill was passed over.
House bill "for the relief of Charles W. Car-
roll."
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I object.
Mr. McNAIR. I hope the gentleman from
Louisiana will withdraw his objection.
Mr. JONES. No, sir; I cannot.
Mr. W1TTE. I ask for the reading of the
report.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection has been made
to the consideration of the bill.
Mr. WITTE. I rise to a point of order. Al-
though objection has been made, I desiretheCharr
to state whether it is not competent for any member
of the House to ask for the reading of the report?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not advised
on that point; but it occurs to him that if objection
be made after the reading of the bill, it is a suffi-
cient objection to the further consideration of the
bill.
Senate bill " for the relief of Jean Baptiste Beau-
bien."
Mr. WHEELER. I object to that bill.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. If the gentleman from
New York will listen to the reading of the report
in that case, I think he will withdraw his objec-
tion.
Mr.-McDOUGALL. I saw no gentleman in
his place rise and object to that bill.
The CHAIRMAN. It is objected to by the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. WHEELER. I object to it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to have a letter
read in reference to that case.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would say, in
reference to House bill (No. 452) " for the relief
of Eleanor Hoople, of the Province of Canada,"
that I have no objection to it. My objection was
to going back upon the Calendar.
The objection to that bill being withdrawn, the
bill was laid aside to be reported to the House.
Senate bill " for the relief of Jean Baptiste
Beaubien," was then read.
It authorizes the Commissioner of the Genera!
Land Office to issue a patent to Jean Baptiste
Beaubien for certain lots of land in the State of
Illinois.
The report was then read.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have received a letter
in reference to this case from the honorable gen-
tlemanfrom Illinois, [Mr.BissELt,] which I would
ask be read
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Berkeley Springs, Virginia, July, 1854.
I feel great interest m the success of Senate bill No. 299,
which you were so kind as to reportfor me. It involves no
appropriation of money, and merely does an act of long de-
layed justice to a very meritorious and early settler of Illinois.
I am confident that, if the members of the House understood
the merits of the bill as well as you and I do, it would pass
that hody as unanimously as it did the Senate.
Should the bill not be reached in its regular order on the
Calendar, I hope that you will ask for me that the Com-
mittee of the Whole be discharged from the bill, and that it
be brotmht before the House on its merits.
I have the honor to be your obedient servant,
W. H. BISSELL.
General J. A. McDottrall.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill " for the relief of John Cole."
The bill proposes that the Secretary of the Inte-
rior be directed to pay to John Cole, of Lake
county, Ohio, now a pensioner of the United
States, the sum of ninety-six dollars per annum, in
lieu of any pension heretofore allowed to him, such
pension to be computed from the day of the pas-
sage of this act, and to be continued during his
natural life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill "for the relief of George Lynch."
The bill proposes that George Lynch, of St.
Charles county, Missouri, shall be paid a full
pension of eight dollars per month, in lieu of six
dollars per month, the amount which he is now
receiving under a special act of Congress hereto-
fore passed for his benefit. The pension of eight
dollars a month is to commence on the sixth of
June, 1852, the time at which his proof of total
disability was perfected.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
