1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1991
House bill "for the relief of Evelina Porter,
widow of the late Commodore Porter, of the
United States Navy." [Objected to by Mr. Hen-
dricks.]
House bill "for the relief of Joseph Webb."
The bill proposes that the pension of Joseph
Webb be increased so that he shall be entitled to
receive, from and after the first day of January,
1852, the sum of eight dollars per month, during
his natural life, in lieu of the pension which he
now receives under the act of June 25, 1854.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill " for the relief of John Steene."
The bill, which was read, proposes that the
Secretary of the Interior be instructed to place the
name of John Steene upon the roll of invalid pen-
sions, and to pay hira a pension, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, during his natural life,
commencing on the first of January, 1853.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill " for the relief of George Elliott."
The bill proposes that George Elliott, of Frank-
lin county, Missouri, shall be allowed a pension
of eight dollars a month, instead of the pension of
six dollars a month which he is now receiving,
under a special act of Congress, the increase of
pension to commence and be calculated from the
first of January, 1852, when his proof of total dis-
ability was perfected.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill" for the relief of Mary Rutherford,
widow of Samuel Rutherford."
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Mary Rutherford, widow of
Samuel Rutherford, upon the roll of invalid pen-
sions, and to pay her a pension, at the rate of four
dollars per month, for the period of five years,
commencing on the 1st of January, 1854.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill "for the relief of Warren Ray-
mond." j
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to \
place the name of Warren Raymond, of the State ;
of New York, upon the roll of invalid pensioners,
at the rateof four dollars per month, to commence
on the 1st of January, 1853, and to continue during
his natural life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Senate bill " for the relief of the heirs and repre-
sentatives of Colonel Alexander G. Morgan."
The bill directs the accounting officers of the
Treasury to settleand pay theclaims of Alexander
G. Morgan, of Missouri, for services in raising
troops for the Florida service, m the year 1837,
and also for military services in Florida; provided,
that the pay and allowances to him shall not ex-
ceed the compensation of a captain of cavalry,
from September 11, 1837, to March 18, 1838.
Mr. MILLSON. I would inquire of the gen-
tlemen who reported this bill, if this is the same
individual for whose benefit a law was passed m
1838?
Mr. HOWE. The same individual, but that
was for different services. I will explain themat-
ter in a very few words. This individual seems
to have been an amateur Indian fighter. Heserved
in the Black Hawk war as a volunteer, and as
aid to General Brady, without commission. He
formerly applied to Congress for pay for ser-
vices rendered m that war, and he was allowed a
compensation by a law passed for that purpose.
This bill is for pay of subsequent services ren-
dered in the Florida war. He seems to have been
a gallant man and a brave soldier.
Mr. MILLSON. I notice that the former law
for his relief, passed subsequent to the date of the
services which he asks pay for now. Did his
application then embrace a claim for these ser-
vices ?
Mr. HOWE. Not at all. In looking over the
records, my eye fell upon that claim, and I ex-
amined it with great care.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
Senate bill " for the purchase of the copyright
of a work published oy Thomas H. Sumner,
wherein he describes his new method of ascev- |
taining a ship's position at sea." ,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, That is a case j
which requires examination. Let it go over. ■
Mr. APPLETON. If thecommittee will allow !
me a moment to explain, 1 think the gentleman j
will withdraw his objection. !
Mr. LETCHER. Let the report be read.
Mr. SMITH. I withdraw my objection until j
the report is read. j
The report was read.
Mr. APPLETON. If the committee will allow
me a moment for explanation of the case, I am i
satisfied the gentleman from Virginia will with-
draw his objection. Mr. Sumner having received
the best education which this country affords,
chose for his profession that of a mariner, anij
seeing the hazard and loss resulting from not being
able to ascertain a ship's position when the merid-
ian of the sun could not be obtained, he gave his
whole mind to the investigation of the matter, and
produced a work which is now in universal use
in the United States Navy and mercantile marine.
Not being satisfied with the discoveries which he
then made, he puisued the subject with such in-
tensity, that he became deprived of God's greatest
! Messing to man on earth,and he becamea maniac,
i and has ever since been confined in a mad house,
j and supported by those who can illy afford it.
j Mr. SMITH. I withdraw my objection.
; No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
i to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it pass.
House bill "for the relief of Isaac Adams."
[Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.]
House bill " for the relief of Julia Aiken."
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
pay to Julia Aiken, the only child of William
Yool, who died in the naval service of the United
States in the year 1801, on her sole and separate
receipt, and for her sole use and control, the
amount of pension she would have been entitled
to receive under the provisions of the act of March
3, 1837, if her claim had been allowed while that
act was in force.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill " for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Gustavus B. Horner, deceased."
Mr. MILLSON. I think, as a matter of pro-
priety, after a bill has been several times reported
upon adversely, and laid upon the table by the
House, that it should not pass without objection. 1
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Why,sir, 1 do not |
understand that bill to have ever been reported
against to the House at all. It has several times
passed the Senate.
Mr. MILLSON. I object, if the facts are asl
understand them to be. I ask whether the bill
has not heretofore been rejected by the House?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not informed.
Mr. MILLSON. Thenlobject. Butiflfind
that I am mistaken, I will withdraw my objection.
Mr. SMITH. I ask that the report be read.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no report.
Mr. SMITH. Well, sir, I hope my colleague
will withdraw his objection.
Mr. MILLSON. I stated that this bill had
several times been considered and rejected by the
House. If such is the case, it appears to me the
bill ought not to pass by unanimous consent with-
out consideration. If, however, I find myself
mistaken, I will withdraw my objection.
Senate bill " for the relief of PhineasM. Night-
ingale, administrator of the estate of General
Nathaniel Greene, deceased."
The bill was reported by the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, with amendments to strike
out the word " nine,"in the fifth line, and to insert
" eight;" to strike out " eighteen," in the same
line, and insert " five," and to strike out the word
" sixty," in the sixth line, and to insert " fifty."
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Phineas M. Nightingale,
administrator of the estate of General Nathaniel
Greene, deceased, $8,005 53, with interest, at the
rate of six per cent, per annum, from July 6,
1850, until paid—the same being in liquidation of
a balance due to the estate of said Nathaniel
Greene for becoming security for Banks & Co.,
Army contractors in the Revolution. The said sum
to be paid out of any money in the Treasury of
the United States not otherwise appropriated.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside to be re-
ported to the House, with a recommendation that
it pass.
House bill " for the relief of the heirs of Lieu-
tenant Andrew Finley."
Mr. LETCHER. I object. This is the first
time that this bill has been reported on favorably,
while it has been reported against four times.
Mr. ROGERS. I think the gentleman is mis-
taken.
Mr. LETCHER. I have the record here, and
I do not think that I am.
House bill " for the relief of the administrator
of Thomas Wishart."
The bill, which was read in extenso, proposes
that the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
pay, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to the legal representative or
representatives of Thomas Wishart, late a lieu-
tenant in the continental line of the Army of the
United States in the war of the Revolution, five
year's full pay of a lieutenant of infantry; also,
the interest thereon ft-am January 13, 1854, the
time at which the first favorable report was made
in the case.
It appears from the report of the committee, which
was read, that Sidney Wishart, and other heirs
of Thomas Wishart, claim the commutation pay
i due to Thomas Wishart for his services as lieu-
j tenant in the Army of the United States in the war
| of the Revolution. The Army records of that war,
| on file in the War Department, show that Thomas
| Wishart was appointed, in November, 1776, a
lieutenant in the fifteenth Virginia regiment on the
continental establishment of the Army of the Uni-
ted States; that as such he received land bounty
from the United States, and the pay of lieutenant
to the day of September, 1778; at which time
he became, as it is fair to presume, a supernume-
rary, under the arrangement of the Army made
about that time. His name is not on the list of
officers retained in service, nor on the list of those
who became supernumerary in persuance of the re-
duction of the regiments in 1778; nor do any of
the pay accounts now in existence show that he ■
received paysubsequenttoSeptember,J778. Upon
this state of facts, and for the service aforesaid,
Thomas Wishart had no claim on the United
States for half pay or commutation; nor does it
appear that Thomas Wishart in his lifetime, or
his heirs since, set up a claim to commutation for
thatservice; but it does appear that in 1793 Thomas
Wishart petitioned Congress for the commutation
pay due to him as a lieutenant in the continental
service, and in support of his claim he adduced
evidence to prove his service as a continental offi-
cer, after he became supernumerary, as aforesaid,
in 1778, so as to entitle him to the benefit of the
resolution of Congress of the 20th of October,
1780, which allowed half pay to all such officers
as thereafter should become supernumerary, or
retire for the want of service.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to tha
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill " for the relief of Lincoln Bates."
j The bill proposes that the Secretary of the
i j Treasury be directed to pay to Lincoln Bates, out
! of moneys not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
i! fifty-five.dollars, in full of the damages sustained
■ by him as a night watchman in the public stores
i| at New York, in July, 1849, in suppressing a firs
: therein, being the amount of his account as now
j'; on file in the Treasury Department.
j From the report, of the committee, which was
'! read, it appears that previous to and on the 12th of
i January, 1849, Lincoln Bates was employed bythe
: Government as a night watchman in theappraiser's
department of one of the public stores of the New
York custom-house, at No. 12 Broad street; that
during the night of the day mentioned, while he
was so employed, he discovered that the store in
which he was engaged had taken fire from the
spontaneous combustion of vitriol; that the fire was
extending with great rapidity, and threatened the
entire and immediate destruction of the building
and contents; that the store was at that time filled
with valuable goods on storage; that he, at the
imminent peril of his life, and by extraordinary
efforts, succeeded in suppressing the fire and sav-
ing the property; that in these efforts his hands
and fac, and other parts of his person, were badly
