1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I hope that the
vote upon this amendment will not be pressed this
evening. There can be no necessity for urging
tto a vote now upon tins precise question. 1
desire to submit my views upon it. I do not de-
sire to make a speech upon the bill, nor anything
like a regular argument upon this point; but Sen-
ators certainly understand that this has been a
mooted question for a long time; and I learn from
the remarks which the honorable Senator from
North Carolina has submitted, that he thinks that
by the vote which we have just taken upon the
amendment submitted by the chairman of the
Committee on Territories, we have yielded more
than [ think wc have yielded. Sir, if gentlemen
from the South and from the North make speeches,
which are to go upon the record, and by which our
action upon tins question is in after times to he
interpreted, I shall desire to state my views upon
the pomt; so that when our present action comes
to be criticised and interpreted, it shall be under-
stood that all of us did not at the time concur in
the view taken by the honorable Senator from
North Carolina, and by the honorable Senator
from California, [Mr. Weller,] the other day, if
I undeistood him correctly. 1 may say, in a sin-
gle word, without intending to discuss the point
now, that I have not, in my own judgment, and
I trust 1 have not m my action here, yielded
the principle that the people of the Territories,
during their territorial existence, have the right to
exclude slavery. I have not intended to yield !
that point, and I do not mean that my action, in '
future times, shall be so construed. As I am not |
prepared with authorities to go on upon this pre- j
cise pomt this evening, I hope that I shall be j
allowed about fifteen minutes before the vote is
taken, when I will have the authorities with me, ;
to give my views upon this point, and this alone, j
Therefore, if other gentlemen wish to discuss the j
question furfher, I trust they will go on this even-
ing, or if not, that we shall adjourn and hear the
speech of the Senator from North Carolina to-
morrow.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As the honorable Senator
from North Carolina proposes to discuss the main
question to-morrow, and as it is late this evening-,
and as there is a necessity for an Executive ses-
sion, I move to postpone the further consideration j
of this bill until to-morrow, in order tj^at we may |
proceed to the consideration ofExecutive business. I
Mr. CASS. Will the Senator withdraw the i
motion for a moment? ;
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly. j
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, it seems to me that '
the discussion may just as well go on upon this
point as upon any other. The honorable Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] has touched on
one of the main questions connected with it, and
which has not been touched upon before. It is a
very grave and a very important question. The
power of the people of the Territories to legislate
upon their internal concerns, during the period of
these temporary governments, is most clearly
given in this bill, if the Constitution permits it.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly. r
Mr. CASS. If the Constitution does not per-
mit, they have not got it.
Mr. BADGER. That is clear.
Mr. CASS. Behind that stands the other ques-
tion, which must be discussed here; and I, for
one, am determined that my constituents shall
know my views on the point. Jt is one on which
the honorable Senator from Mississippi and my-
self differ, and have differed radically, but on
which, as I trust, we differ, and shall differ,
properly. It is whether, by virtue of the Consti-
tution of the United States, there is a kind of
motive power in slavery that immediately spreads
it over any territory, or by virtue of which any
slave may "be taken to any territory of the United
States, as soon as it is annexed to the Union. I
believe I state the point properly. It has been
before us heretofore, and is familiar to us all.
Now, behind the power of the people, given by
the bill, to exercise this privilege in respect to their
internal concerns, stands this grave question; and
the honorable Senator from Mississippi is perfectly
right in wishing to give his views upon it; for I
presume this is the point to which he alludes;
indeed, 1 am sure of it.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, before the dis-
cussion goes further upon this question, I wish to
eave myself. I am perfectly willing to vote for
the clause as it has been modified by the honor-
able Senator from Illinois, the chairman of the
Committee on Territories, but with a* very clear
judgment that, if Congress has not constitutional
competency to legislate either one way or the
other—either to'introduce or prohibit slavery in
the Territories—a territorial government has no
derivative authority to do so from any act -which
Congress can pass.
Mr. BROWN. Certainly not.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not intend to gfo into this
discussion; and I am perfectly willing to leave this
question under the Constitution.
Mr. DAWSON. There is where it ought to
be left.
Mr. BUTLER. I am perfectly willing to leave
it under the Constitution, to be decided by the law
tribunals of the country; and that is the true
ground upon which to put it. If, in the process
of settlement, the people of these Territories shall
be prepared to pssume upon themselves the attri-
butes of a sovereign State, they can then, cer-
tainly, either exclude or admit slavery. I presume
that will not be denied by any one. During their
growth, and before they undertake to become a
State, can they assume to exercise a power which
Congress itself, under the Constitution, cannot
confer upon them? Tl^y can have no derivative
power on the subject from an act of ours. ij
Mr. CASS. That is a matter to be argued. I ,j
differ from the honorable Senator m toto. j!
Mr. WELLER. I have a single remark to !i
make, though not upon the point which is now "be- j
ing discussed. Although, as I said in my remarks [
on Monday last, I am in favor of the general prin-
ciples of the hill, there are some provisions in it j|
which do not receive the sanction of my judgment, i!
I may refer to that which confers upon the Gov-
ernor an unqualified veto. I do not think I can
vote for any territorial bill which contains a pro-
vision of that sort. I see no reason why the Com-
mittee on Territories should have reported this
bill, on this point, differently from those which
have preceded it m our legislation. The veto of
the Governor should be a qualified one. I believe
in Oregon a bare majority of the Territorial Le-
gislature can overrule the veto of the Governor. I
am willing, however, to place it where the Con-
stitution of the United States has placed the veto
power here. I would require two thirds of the
Legislature to overrule the veto of the Governor;
and I would not, under any circumstances, invest
an absolute and unqualified veto in one man. I
I cannot vote for the bill with such a provision
; in it.
1 Mr. DOUGLAS. The friends of this bill have
1 had the provision to which the Senator from Cali- j
! forma has referred, and some others, under con- j
! sideration, and they intend to dispose of these two :
I points—that is, the veto power of the Governor, j
and as to the revisary power of Congress when .
! we arrive at them. These two provisions are in
' this bill because they were in the Utah bill, which \
| was our guide. 1 am aware that the former ter-
1 ritorial bills gave the Governor only a qualified 1
j veto. I believe the Iowa bill required two thirds !
! of the Legislature to overrule the veto; and in the j
I Oregon bill a majority was required. I intend,
' when we get through with this provision, to call
! the especial attention of the Senate to that subject,
! and state what my own views are upon it. The
j clause providing for a revision of the laws by Con-
1 gress has been uniformly inserted, and it arose in
j this way: In the early history of this country a
; Territory was legislated for by the governor and
| judges. Inasmuch as they had no Legislature, no
j representation, no popular Government, we re- ,
1 auired their laws to be submitted here, either for
' approval or disapproval. Since the Territoiies ,
| have had Legislatures, it has become a serious ques-!
| tion whether any such revision is necessary; but
| the friends of the bill will consider that matter
i when we get through with this point. I renew
j my motion to postpone the further consideration
of the bill, in order that we may proceed to the
ij consideration of Executive business.
I Mr. BUTLER. With the understanding that
lj the Senator from North Carolina has the floor.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Of course,
'j Mr. BRODHEAD. I move that the Senate
'j adjourn.
;j The motion was agreed to; and
; The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 15, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Mjlbukn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, trans-
mitting from the Commissioner of Customs, in
conformity with the provisions of the act of Con-
gress approved March 3, 1809, entitled " An act
to furfher amend the several acts for the establish-
ment and regulation of the Treasury, War, and
Navy Departments,"and theact passed March 3,
1817, entitled " An act to provide for the*prompt
settlement of the public accounts," a statement of
the accounts due more than three years prior to
the 30th of June, 1853, on the books of the Regis-
ter of the Treasury.  
On motion by Mr. HIBBARD, the communica-
tion was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
HOMESTEAD BrLL.
Mr. COBB. The homestead bill is now the
special order for consideration in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; and, with the
consent of the House, I shall present an amend-
ment, which I desire to be made to it, so that it
may be referred to that committee, and ordered to
be pnntfd.
There was no objection; and the amendment
was introduced, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
The same course as the above was pursued in
reference to substitutes for the homestead bill sub-
mitted by Messrs. Letcher, Grow, and Henn,
and amendments to it by Messrs. Walsh and
Etheridge.
MISSOURI COMPROMISE.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have re-
ceived, Mr. Speaker, the remonstrance of Joseph
H. Alien and four hundred and forty-five others,
citizens of Bangor, Maine, against the repeal of
the Missouri compromise; which I move be re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. BOYCE. I object to the introduction of
the remonstrance.
Mr. WASHBURN. I will then present it un-
der the rule.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BISSELL, fiom the Committee on Milita-
ry Affairs, reported back withoutamendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, Senate bill
No. 124, entitled An act for the relief of Allen
G. Johnson;" which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, made the order of the day
for to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, reported back
Senate bill No. 184, entitled " An act for the re-
lief of Mrs. Elizabeth C. Smith, of Missouri,*'
without amendment, and with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass; which was refened to a
Committee of the Whole House, made the order of
the day for to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, reported back
Senate bill No. 135, entitled " An act for the relief
of Adam D. Stuart, paymaster of the United States
Army," without amendment, and with the recom-
mendation that it do pass; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, made the orcfer of
the day for to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, reported back
House bill No. 135, entitled "A bill for the relief
of the United States troops who were sufferers by
the recent disaster to the steamship San Fran-
°1SMr. BISSELL. It will be recollected that this
bill passed the House, and went to the Senate.
That body returned it to us with three amend-
ments, and it was again referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs. That committee recommend
concurrence in the first and third amendments; and
non-concurrence in the second amendment.
Mr DAVIS, of Indiana, obtained the floor.
Mr.' BISSELL. Mr. Speaker, if I could have
the attention of the House for a moment, I would
desire to make a remark-  
b The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Davis] has the floor.
