1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I am directed, by
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, to report back
a large number of petitions from different States,
asking that all national disputes may be settled
by arbitration, with the request that the committee
may be discharged from the further consideration
of the same, and that they be laid upon the table.
There being no objection, the order was accord-
ingly made.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, reported adversely upon
the memorial of Francis A. McCauley; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EWING. I wish to present a memorial,
which I believe comes within the rule of privilege,
in respect to tjie right of one of the members of
this House to a seat upon this floor. 1 have re-
ceived this morning, as one of the members of the
Committee of Elections, a memorial, signed by
certain citizens of New York, representing that
the Hon. Mike Walsh, the Representative in
Congress from that district, is not a citizen by nat-
uralization of the United States, and that he was
born in fteland.
I wish to present this petition simply as a
member of the Committee of Elections, and have
it lefeiredto that committee, without being un-
derstood to express any opinion in reference to it,
further than simply to say that I should be very
sorry to part with my friend over the way.
Mr. WALSH. The gentleman need not give
himself any trouble on my account.
The memorial was accordingly referred.
Mr. IUSSELL, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill "for the relief of the
legal representatives of Captain William Davis,
late Commander of the United States transport
schooner Eufaula;" which was rend a first and
second time by its title, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, made the order of the day
for to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. HENDRICKS, the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions was discharged from
the further consideration of the memorial of Lieu-
tenant William H. Weirick; and the same was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee oil
Invalid Pensions, made adverse reports on the
applications of Zacarmh Long and Robert Hughes
for pensions; which was ordered to he upon the
table.
Mr. TT., from the same committee, reported
back Senate bill (No. 155) "granting five years
ludf pav to the widow or Captain John W. Gun-
nison," with a recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. li., from the same committee, reported
back Senate bill (No. 121) "for the relief of Amelia
Brown, widow of Major General Jacob Brown,
deceased," with a recommendation that it do not
pass.
Mr. II. said: It is right, perhaps, before I make
the motion which I intend to submit, that I should
stare to the House that this Senate bill for the re-
lief of the widow of Major General Brown gives
her back pension to the amount of $19,000, and
gi^es her, also, a pension tor life,' at the rate of
$101) per month. This is m violation of all the
principles that have governed the action of Con-
gress m refeience to pensions. I move that the
bill do lie upon the table.
The SPEAKER.. If there be no objection the
bill will be so disposed of.
Mr. HUGHES. I object.
Mr. ORR. I would like to inquire of the chair-
man of the committee if there is no merit at all m
the bill? Perhaps it would be better to refer it to
a Committee of the Whole House, and consider it
there.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana withdraw the motion to lay the bill upon
the table?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do, for a moment. In
reply to the gentleman from South Carolina, J
wiii say that, in my judgment, there is much merit
in ihe application of' Mrs. Brown for a pension:
but the Oonrmtiet4 on Invalid Pensions have re-
ported to tliM Housea bill, giving her such a pen-
sion as she would be entitled to under the general
law. That bill is before a Committeeof the Whole
House, and will be acted upon, and made to suit
the House, as a matter of course.
Mr. ORR. Then I have no objection to the
gentleman's motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I now renew the motion
to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. HUNT. I ask for tellers on that motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will withdraw that demand. If the House
had heard what the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Hexdricks] said, 1 am sure they would not hesi-
tate to lay the bill upon the table. The Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions has already reported a
biil for the relief of Mrs. Brown, and it has been
referred to a Committee of the Whole House.
There is, therefore, no necessity for sending this
bill there.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. PRATT. 1 hope the gentleman from South
Carolina will be permitted to make a statement.
The SPEAKER. The motion is lo lay the bill
upon the table, and it is not debatable.
Mr. HENDRICKS. For the purpose of ena-
bling the House properly to understand this whole
question, 1 will, for the present, withdraw the mo-
tion to lay upon the table, and explain the condi-
tion of this bill. The Committee on invalid Pen-
sions have repoited a bill giving to the widow of
General Brown such pension as she could receive
under the general pension law of the United States
—that is, halfpay for ten years. This bill, which
the committee have reported, gives her half pay
for ten years—no more than she could get under
the geneial pension law.
Mr. OLDS. I should like to ask the gentleman
from Indiana a question.
Mr. HENDRICKS yielded the floor.
Mr. OLDS. The question I desire to ask is thi^:
Does the bill, as it came from the Senate, propose
to give to the widow of Major General Brown
any larger pension than during the last Congress
was given to the widow of General Worth?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The bill which the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions have reported does
not give so large a pension as that of the widow
of General Worth.
Mr. OLDS. But G'eneral Worth was higher in
rank m the Army of the United States than Gen-
eral Brown.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The widow of General
Worth received fifty dollars per month. But the
Committee on Invalid Pensions did notthink that
this departure from the general policy of the pen-
sion laws ought to be followed by this Congress.
That case was a departure from the policy of the
general law. The general law gives to the widow
of any officer—if the grade which he holds be
above that of lieutenant colonel in the infantry—
the half pay for five years which a heutenaut col-
onel in the infantry would receive.
The bill which we have reported in favor of Mrs.
Brown gives her for ten years, the half pay of a
lieutenant colonel of infantry: that is, thirty dol-
lars per month. If the House consider this pen-
sion too small, it can, as a matter of course, be
increased. That bill is now pending before Con-
gress, and is, therefore, under the control of this
House. If the House think that thirty dollars per
month for ten years is not enough to give to the
widow of Geneial Brown, then, i repeat, that bill,
as a mutter of course, can be amended, to suit the
wishes of the House.
The bill which we have reported, and which is
n^w before the House, comes from the Senate;
and I am inclined to think that that bill did not
receive the careful consideration of that body, for
I have never known, in the history of mere legis-
lative action, such a bill to pass any legislative
body.
The Senate bill gives her a pension from the
year 1838, at the rate of the half pay which her
husband was entitled to receive. His half pay
while in the service was a hundred dollars per
month—his whole pay two hundred dollars per
month—a brigadier general of the Army of the
United States. The half pay since 1838 to the
present time, to which Mrs. Brown wouid be en-
itled according to this bill,would give her upwards
of $19,000 of back pension; and the bill would
also give her a hundred dollars per month for life.
I That bill, I think, the House ought to lay upon the
! table.
| A Member. I think so too. " *
j Mr. HENDRICKS. I think it ought to be
| condemned in the most emphatic manner that this
■ House can condemn it. For these reasons, sir, f
, move to lay the bill upon the table ■
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (interrupting.) I
; wish to make an inquiry of the gentleman from
- Indiana, who reported this bill.
| Mr. HENDRICKS. What is it?
I Mr. JONES. The Committee on Invalid Pen-
| sions have reported a bill giving to the widow of
| General Brown a pension, in pursuance of the gen-
| eral law of the land. I wish to ask the gentleman
, if there is any law upon the statute-books of this
; Government which authorizes the giving of a pen-
! sion to a widow of any person who dies in time
! of peace; and if the pension is due, in pursuance
i of a general law, what is the necessity for re'port-
| ing a bill at all? Why is if, that a pension was
' not granted at the other end of the avenue?
j Mr. HENDRICKS. That question may be
j very well discussed when we come to take up the
| other hill in the Committee of the Whole on the
! state of the Union. But, for the present, I say, in
1 reply to the gentleman from Tennessee, that the
general law upon the subject of pensions willgive
a pension to the widow of a soldier, or of an offi-
cer, who dies in time of peace, provided he dies
from the effect of wounds received in the public
service, or from the effect of disease contracted
during the war.
The committee found that General Brown did
die from the result of wounds received during the
war of 1812; and for that reason they thought the
widow ought to have a pension. But she cannot
get her pension through the Pension Department
of ihe Government, because she cannot make the
proof which the regulations of that Department
require. It is satisfactorily shown, to the judg-
ment of any man, I think, that General Brown did
die in consequence of wounds received in the ser-
vice of the country.
1 am in favor of paying her a pension, as much
as she wouid receive under the general law, but 1
am not in favor of such a bill as has come in here
from the Senate.
1 renew the motion to lay the bill upon the table.
The question was put, and the bill was laid upon
the table.
PENSIONS.
Mr. EDMANDS, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported back, without amend-
ment, and with a recommendation that it do pass,
Senate bill (No. 117) " for the relief of Moses
Olmsted-," which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, made the order of the day for
to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMANDS also, from the same committee,
reported back, without amendment, and with a
, recommendation that it do pass, Senate bill " for
! the relief of Mary C. Hamilton;" which was re-
; ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
i ordered to be printed.
i Mr. EDMANDS also, from the same committee*
! to whom was referred the petition of John Morri-
son, of New York, a soldier in the war of 1832,
! for an increase of pension, made an adverse re-
' port the*eon; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
! Mr. EDMANDSalso, from the same commit-
tee, to which was referred the petition of O. II.
: Wln'ney and others, from Mexico, New York,
' for another law in regard to pensions, made an ad-
I verse report thereon; which was ordered to lie on
' the table,and be plinted.
; Mr. EDMANDS also, from the same commit-
! tee, to which was referred the petition of Susan
Worth, of Massachusetts, asking for a pension,
\ made an adverse report thereon; which was or-
! dered to lie on the table, and be printed,
j [A message was here received from the Senate,'
1 by the hands of Asbury Dickiys its Secretary,
1 informing the House that the Senate had passed a
! bill of this House of the following title:
j H. R. 175. " An act for the relief of John O.
I Means."
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of thefol-
ing titles:
S. 19. "An act to authorize the State of Illinois
to select the residue of the lands to which she is
entitled under the act of 2d of March, 1827, grant-
/
