1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1993
twice adversely reported on, and I therefore now
object to it.
Mr. EDGERTON. When reported on ad-
versely there was no record evidence of the court's
condemnation of the vessel. The committee called
for the evidence, and on it reported favorably on
the bill.
Mr. M1LLSON declined withdrawing his ob-
jection.
Mr. ORR. There is no necessity for reporting
the next six bills. The standing committees rec-
ommend that they do not pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think it would
be better to report them to the House, with a rec-
ommendation that they do not pass.
Mr. ORR. I have no objection to the course
suggested by the gentleman from Tennessee, as it
will rid the Calendar of these cases.
Mr. MILLER, of Missouri. I hope the gen-
tleman from South Carolina will adhere to his first
motion.
Mr. ORR. Very well, then. 1 object to the
consideration of the following Senate bills next in
order upon the Calendar, as they are reported
with a recommendation that they do not pass.
An act for the relief of Michael Nourse;
An act for the relief of the sureties of Daniel
Winslow;
An act for the relief of J. Boyd, of Louisiana;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of the late Captain William Or. Williams;
An act for the relief of Jacob Gideon;
An act for the relief of John McAvoy; and
An act for the relief of John Devlin.
House bill " for the relief of Lloyd Dorsey and
others."
The bill authorizes Lloyd Dorsey, of the county
of St. Charles, and State of Missouri, to enter, at
the proper land office in said State, at the Mini-
mum price of the public lands, the southeast frac-
tional quarter of section twenty-two, township
forty-six, range four east, containing one hundred
and forty-two and eighty-nine one hundredth acres;
and to enter, for the use and benefit of the heirs
of George Pitzer, deceased, the southwest frac-
tional quarter of section twenty-two, township
forty-six, range four east, containing one hundred
and four acres, and the northeast fractional quar-
ter of section twenty-seven, township forty-six,
range four east, containing forty-six acres; pro-
vided, that nothing in this act contained shall pre-
judice the rights of any person or persons having
any legal or equitable claim to the lands herein
mentioned, or any part thereof.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill " for the relief of Sidney P. Pool,
of the State of Maine."
The bill directs that the Secretary of the Interior
place the name of Sidney P. Pool upon the roll of
invalid pensioners; and that said Pool be paid a
pension, at the rate of six dollars per month, from
January 1,«&54.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Senate bill " for the relief of Jonas P. Levy and
Jose Maria Jarrero." [Objected to by Mr. Jones,
of Tennessee.]
House bill " for the relief of George J. Rall-
ston."
The hill instructs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of George J. Rallston upon the
pension roll, and to pay him at the rate of eight
dollars per month, from January 1, 1854, to con-
tinue during his life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill " for the relief of Joseph McMinn."
The bill was read.
It instructs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Joseph McMinn upon the pension
roll, and to pay him at the rate of four dollars per
month during his natural life, commencing the
pension from the 1st of August, 1854.
Mr. EDMANDS. I move to amend the bill by
substituting the word "January " for the word
" August," so as to make the pension commence
from the 1st of January, 1854.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside to be re-
ported to the House, with a recommendation that
it pass.
House bill " for the relief of Asa Leach."
The bill was read. It instructs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Asa Leach
upon the pension roll, and to pay him at the rate
of four dollars per month, commencing August 1,
1852, to continue during his life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Senate bill "for the relief of Thomas C. Nye."
[Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.]
Senate bill " to authorize the payment of invalid
pensions to the heirs of Lieutenant Robert White
and others."
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Mr. ORR. I make the same motion, in refer-
ence to the next seven cases, which I made a few
minutes since in reference to some already passed
by. The Committee of Claims have reported
them, with a recommendation that they do not
pass.
The following seven Senate bills, to which Mr.
Orr objected, were then laid aside under the rule:
An act for the relief of Mary D. Blaney, widow
of the late Major General Blaney;
An act for the relief of Rulif Van Brunt;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of the late Colonel John Anderson;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Daniel Loomis, deceased;
An act for the relief of Lieutenant A. J. Wil-
liamson;
An act for the relief of Hezekiah Miller;
An act for the relief of John P. McElderry. .
The next bill in order was Senate bill for the
relief of James Dixon. [Objected to by Mr.
Hendricks.]
Senate bill " for the relief ofLeviPierceand An-
drew Hodge, jr."
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Post-
master General to settle with and discharge Levi
Pierce and Andrew Hodge, jr., sureties on the
official bond of William H. Ker, formerly post-
master at New Orleans, on their paying or secur-
ing to pay, within one year, the sum of §12,500;
and either of the said sureties may thus be dis-
charged on his paying, or securing to pay, one half
of the above sum; provided, the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and the United States district attorney for
the eastern district of Louisiana, shall be satisfied
that it is for the interesl of the United States that
such settlement should be made; and provided
further, that such settlement with, and discharge
of one surety, shall not be construed to discharge
the other.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it pass.
Senate bill " for the relief of Henry La Rein-
trie."
The bill, which was read, authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Henry La
Reintrie the sum of $593, which shall be in full
satisfaction and discharge of said La Reintrie's
claim for services rendered to the United States
legation near the Government of Chili, and as
bearer of dispatches from that legation to Wash-
ington.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it pass.
Senate bill " to provide compensation for the
services of George Morrell in adjusting titles to
lands in Michigan."
The bill was read, as follows;
Be it enacted, tic., That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay to Maria
Morrell, widow of George Morrell, late a judge of (he United
States for the Territory of Michigan, for the services of (he
said George Morrctl, in ascertaining, adjusting, and settling
claim? to land, and performing other duties m conformity
with the act entitled "An act to provide tor the adjustment of
titles of land in the town ofDelroitand Territory ofMichigan,
and for other purposes,1'approved the 21st of April, 1806,
and with « ■ n act relative to the plan of Detroit, in Michi-
gan Territory," approved the 28th of May, 1830, Ut the rate
of $500 per annum, from the time of his appointment as a
judge of the United States for said Territory, to the 24th day
I: of September, 1836, to be paid out of any money in the
i I Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. I desire to amend
that bill before the question is taken upon it. I
move to insert after the words " George Morrell"
where they first occur, the words " and William
Woodbudge and Henry Chipman;" to strike out
the words "George Morrell" where they last
occur, and insert the word "judges," and to
change words in the singular to the plural where
it is necessary to make the bill conform to such
amendments.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object. Arethoseamend-
ments reported from a committee?
Mr. STUART. They are not; but there is a
bill pending for the relief of those gentlemen,
which, in its provisions, is exactly the same as
this one.
Mr. KERR. I never objected to any proposi-
tion here in my life. But I understand that the
claims of these two individuals have not been
before any committee for investigation.
Mr. STUART. Certainly they have been in-
vestigated by a committee, and a bill reported for
their relief. All three of these persons were
judges of the Territory at the same time, and
stand upon precisely the same footing.
Mr. KERR. Then I do not object.
The amendment was then adopted, and the bill
as amended, laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Senate bill " for the relief of Asa Andrews."
The bill, which was read in extenso, authorizes
and requires the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury to settle and adjust the accounts of Asa
Andrews, late collector of customs for the district
of Ipswich, in the State of Massachusetts,for office
rent and expenses, including clerk hire, and for
the services of a deputy, during the time he per-
formed the duties of said office, and that the amount
found due, not exceeding $1,983 80, be paid to
said Asa Andrews, or his legal representatives.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it |
Senate bill " for the relief of William Darby."
The bill, which was read, provides that there
be paid to William Darby the sum of §1,500, in
full compensation for his labor and materials fur-
nished in surveying and making a map of the ter-
ritory of Louisiana, in the years 1812 and 1813.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Senate bill "for the relief of William Gr.
Smith."
The bill, which was read in exlenso, proposes
that the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized
and required to pay, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $500, to
William G. Smith, for recapturing a vessel in the
war of 1812, together with a midshipman and
four seamen of the British navy; which prisoners
were delivered to Commodore Perry,at Newport,
Rhode Island.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House resolution " to pay Jonas W. Nye, out
of the contingent fund, the sum of $525, in full
satisfaction of his claim for compensation for the
use of horses and carry-alls furnished the post
office of the House under a contract with the
postmaster, dated June 15, 1844."
The resolution was laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Senate bill "for the relief of Sylvester Petti-
bone."
Mr. McMULLlN. I have examined this case
and am not disposed to object, if the friends of
the bill will accept an amendment increasing the
amount from $500 to $1,000.
Mr. KERR. The bill does not require the pay-
ment of any sum, though the committee recom-
mend that he should pay $500 and the costs. I
submit to my friend from Virginia, with all def-
erence, that $500 and costs is quite enough to
require a man to pay under such circumstances.
I think, if the committee will hear the report, they
will be satisfied that $500 and the costs are all we
ought to require.
Several Members. Read the report.
The report was then read by the Clerk.
Mr. McMULLlN. I propose to amend the
bill by making the amount $1,000.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I knew this old
man well. I appeal to the pity of the gentleman
from Virginia, and I hope he will consent to the
sum of $500.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I propose an
amendment which I hope will be acceptable to the
committee; it is provided the party shall pay
$500 and costs.
