496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
ing land to aid that State in opening a canal to
conneci the waters of the Illinois river with those
of L-ike Michigan;" and
S. 36. "An act to provide for the ascertainment
and satisfaction of claims of American citizens for
spoliations committed by the French prior to the
31st day of July, 1801."
In which lie was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.]
Mr. EDMANDS, from the same committee,
reported back without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, House bill (No. 167)
" for the relief of pensioners under the act of Feb-
ruary 3, 1853."
The bill was then read by the Clerk, as follows:
Beit enacted hy the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of ~$mericainCon<cre&* assembled,
the widows of officers, non-commibMoned officer*, musi-
cians, soldiers, mariners, or marines of the Revolutionary
Army ,wlio are entitled to pensions under the act of February
3, lfc-53, shall commence thoir pensions irout the same date
as the pensions million ?n'd !>) the act of July 2D, 1848, which
date is the 4th day of March, Jfe4S."
Mr. E. sauf: I hope that the House will con-
sent to pass the bill at this time, as its provisions
are perfectly simple and plain, and are such as
should commend themselves to every man who
desires to see justice done to a class of petitioners
who are not now provided for by existing laws.
Mr. ORR. 1 hope that the bill will be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and printed. It is piopused to modify the
law which was passed the 3d of February, 1853,
in a material particular, if 1 understand it from the
reading. The report which has been submitted
by the committee in this case has not been printed.
It was the intention of those who voted for the bill
passed in February, 1853, to restrict the com-
mencement of pensions granted to widows by that
act to and from the time when the application
should be made, or, at least, not a time prior to
the.passage of the act. It, is the correct piinciple
upon which all pensions should be granted. If
the principle of giving pensions can be justified
upon any ground at all, it is upon theground that
the Government gives to the beneficiary the means
of subsistence. It is a gratuity, and the excuse
for the gratuity is, to give him a support; and we
should not, therefore, go back eight or ten years
behind the tune when the bill giving the pensions
is pushed. At all events, a hill of this character
.should be referred to the Committee of the Whole,
* and printed. Let the report also be printed; arid
if there be anything wrong in it, let the Commit-
tee of the Whole have an opportunity of revising
and amending it. 1 hope it will be sent to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Prior to the pas-
teage of the act of 3d February, 1853, no widow of
a levolutionary soldier could receive a pension
who had married that soldier subsequent to the
year 1800. The act of February 3, 1853, pro-
vided, that the widows of revolutionary soldiers
should receive pensions, notwithstanding the fact
that they were married subsequent to the 1st of
January, 1800; and no matter at what time. By
this act, the widows of these soldiers are entitled
to pensions, under the same rule, and subject to
the same restrictions, as widows married prior to
the 1st of January, 18U0. Now, sir, when the
act of 1853 was passed and applications for pen-
sions came to be presented under it, the Commis-
sioner of Pensions so construed it, that no pen-
sion should commence before the passage of the act
granting the pension. That was the construction
given at the Pension Office; and why is it that
it has been contended that such a construction is
wrong? Because, when that law was passed,and
applications came to be made under it, if the pen-
sion must commence with the date of its passage,
February 3, 1853, not enough would be due to
pay the agent making the application.
Hut is not the principle, that the pension shall
commence with the passage of the act granting it,
a correct oner Suppose you allow it to date back
to 4th March, 1848—nearly five years before the
passage of the law—and suppose that the soldier
himself, who, in the mean time, had been receiv-
ing a pension, died on the 1st of January, 1853,
if you give the construction to the act of 1853
"which this bill proposes, it seems to me that by
such a constf action you would give two pensions,
one to the soldier, and one to the widow. 1 there-
fore say, that the hill, at least in this respect, re-
quires arayadmentj that the motion of the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] should pre-
vail, «and that the Committee of the Whole should
have an opportunity of examining it.
Mr EDMANDS. The act of February 3,1853,
not only states that this class of widows shall re-
ceive a pension, but it also1 defines explicitly the
manner in which it shall be granted. It provides,
that they shall receive pensions in the same man-
ner as the pensioner under the act of 1848. But,
sir, the Commissioner of Pensions has seen fit
so to construe that act as to make their pensions
date from February 3, 1853; and it is inconse-
quence of that construction that these pensioners
come forward, very properly, as I believe, and
ask that they may be allowed their pensions from
the same period as those under the act of 1848.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts whether the law of 1853
provides for a five years' pension ?
Mr. EDMANDS. Itdoes. That is the extent
to which it can be allowed, and if is only for half
pay at that. But, sir, 1 would also look into the
intent of the law of 1848, and into the intent of
the law of 1853. The law of 1848 merely pro-
vided, that those widows who were married prior
to 1800 should have pensions commencing with
the passage of that act. The law of 1853 steps in
to say,"that tho.se who married subsequently to
1800 shall have the same rights and privileges as
those who marned prior to that period. 1 demand
the previous question,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 'I wish to ask the
gentleman a single question, if he will withdraw
the demand for the previous question. The gen-
tleman from Indiana inquired of the gentleman
who reported the bill, if the act of 1853 does not
limit the pensions to five years, and I understood
him to respond in the affirmative. Now, my un-
derstanding of the act is, that the fust section of it
extends additional five yeat&' pensions to all
widows of soldiers who have heretofore received
five years' pensions. The second section of the
ai*r extends the benefits of the pension laws to all
widows of revolutionary soldiers who have been
married subsequent to 1800. There is no pension
law ever passed by Congress which limits pen-
sions to revolutionary soldiers to five years, or to
any other period. The second section gives
them during lite, and that is the pension which it
is now requned shall go buck and commence on
the 4th of March, 1848. If the pensions were for
only five years, it would be a matter of indifference
whether they commenced in March 1848, or in
February 1853, but this is to give them pensions
for life.
Mr. EDMANDS. This bill is merely to carry
out the act of 1853; it is merely declaratory of
that act. I move the previous question. .
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr.' EDMANDS. I cannot withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. MILLSON. I wish to ask if this is the
bill which the Commissioner of Pensions says
will cost the Government §^00,000 a year?
The SPE \KER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts declines to withdraw the demand for the
previous question, and debate is therefore not in
order.
The previous question received a second, and
the mam question was ordered to be now put.
The question now being on referring the biii to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, it was put; and, on a division, there were—-
ayes 71, noes 48.
Mr EDMANDS. I call for tellers.
Tellers weie ordered; and Messis. Campbell
and Vail were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 80, noes not counted.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. FULLER. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not quite expired.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Before that question
is put, I wish to say to the House that 1 am in-
structed, by the Committee of Ways and Means,
to declare their readiness, if it shall be the pleasure
of the House, to report a deficiency bill, in order
that it may be referred and printed.
Mr. DEAN. For the purpose of allowing the
gentiemari to make that report I withdraw my
motion.
The SPEAKER. Did I understand thegentle-
man from Kentucky to ask the consent of the
House to make the report?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I said I was in-
structed by the Committee of Ways and Means
to inform the House of their readiness to report
to the House, if it shall be their pleasure, a de-
ficiency bill, that it may be referred and printed.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will allow
the Chair, he will suggest that the Committee of
Ways and Means will soon be called upon for
reports, tf the House continues the call a short
time longer.
Mr. DENT, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Libeas FI. Babb, of Conway, New York, asking
for an increase of pension, made an adverse re-
port thereon; which was ordered to lie upon the
table, and be printed.
Mr. DENT also, from the same committee, to
which was referred the petition of Leeman Gibbs,
Watertown, Wisconsin, a soldier in the* war of
1812, asking for a pension, made an adverse re-
port theieon; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DENT also, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to piovide a pension for James K.
Welch, of Fulton county, New York; which was
read a first and second time by its title, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, made the
order of the day for to-morrow, and ordered to be
pi inted.
Mr. DENT also, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill: which was read a first and second
time by its title, as follows, made the oiderof the
day for to-morrow, and ordered to be printed:
"A bill to be entitled 'An act to create and
provide a pension for David Towle, of Oxford
county, in the State of Maine.' "
Mr. DENT. I have been instructed, by the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, to report a bill
in the case of Captain Thomas Porter. Before
the report is made, I desire to state the peculiar
circumstances which surround this case.
Since 1 was directed to make the report, and
since the report in the case was made up, and the
bill itself drawn in conformity thereto, I have
been informed, by a gentleman from Indiana, that
Captain Porter is dead.
I desire that the bill and report be read, and I
hope, considering the peculiar circumstances of
the case, that the bill, with an amendment which
will be offered to it, will be passed now.
The gentleman from Indiana will move an
amendment to the bill. The case is a meritorious
one, and I hope it will receive the prompt consid-
eration of the House. I ask that the bill may'be
read.
The bill, after being read a firstand second time
by its title, was read through.
The bill provides that the name of Captain
Thomas Porter shall be placed upon the roll of
invalid pensions, at the rate of twenty dollars per
month, to commence on thesecond day of March,
1831, deducting therefrom such sum or sums as
hertufore have been allowed and paid to him as
pension money.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Is it intended to put
this bill upon its passage?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. DENT. I desire that the report may be
read, as a part of my remarks.
The report was then read, as follows:
W. B. W. Dbvt, fiom the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, in the case of Captain Thomas Porter, makes the
following report:
That Thomas Porter entered the service in Captain
James A. McOtelland's troop of volunteer light diagoonsm
the month of October, 181*2; continued in said s>omce for
one year; was severely wounded at ibe battle of Misg-jno-
vvav, on the 19th December, 1812—so much f-o (hat he had
tn he and was carried on a litter from the battle around to
Dayton, Ohio, and from thence to Lebanon, Ohio, in a
eleisih. His horse was killed in said battle. Pamallv re-
covering from said wound, he joined hi-! tioop in the follow-
ing spring, and marched to Fori Meigs; was in the first
«iese of said fort, at which place he was slightly wounded
by a cannon ball, the same lulling a second horse for him
while in the attitude ol marching He continued in the
service till tiie close ot the campaign, partaking m all the
engagements of his squadron, and terminating with the bat-
tle of the Thames, attor which he was discharged. Shortly
