1994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
Mr. KERR. Verywell; I am willing to accept
that amendment.
Mr. SMITH. I think it will be accepted all
round.
[Cries of " Question !" " Question!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia, who first addressed the Chair, [Mr.McMtJL-
un,] proposed that the party should pay $1,000.
His colleague, who last addressed the Chair, [Mr.
Smith,] proposes to make it $500 instead of
$1,000, •
Mr. SMITH. 1 ask my colleague to modify
his proposition as 1 have suggested.
Mr. McMULLIN. I have thought, Mr.
Chairman, that the 
[Cries of " Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The question cannot be
debated. Does the gentleman accept the modifi-
cation of his colleague.'
Mr. McMULLIN. I do.
The question was put; and the amendment was
amended.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the bill will be laid aside, as amended, to be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
it pass.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. I object.
House bili " for the relief of L. R. Lyon and |
DeanS. Howard, of the State of New York."
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
of the United States to cause to be paid to L. R.
Lyon and Dean S. Howard, late partners, under
the name and style of Lyon & Howard, of the
State ofNewYork, or their legal representatives,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of $8,617 81, in full for
the balance due them for constructing a dredging
machine at Whitehall, New York, under contract
enteredinto November 2, 1836; and a dredging
machine to be delivered at Monroe, in the State
of Michigan, by contract entered into October 15,
1836.
Mr. McMULLIN. I call for the reading of
the report.
The report was read.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it pass.
House bill " further supplemental to an act enti-
tled, ' An act to authorize the payment for prop-
erty lost, captured, or destroyed by the enemy
while in the military service of the United States,
and for other purposes.' "
Mr. LETCHER. It seems to me that bill is
out of place upon this Calendar. It is a general
law and not a private claim. I think itshould go
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that the bill be
laid aside to be reported to the House, with a
recommendation that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Senate bill " for the relief of Urban Stoll."
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Interior to pay to Urban Stoll, now a pen-
sioner of the United States, a sum equal to sev-
enty-two dollars per annum, from July 4, 1845,
to the time when his presentpension was allowed.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill " to refund to the officers of the cus-
toms and others, of the district of Passamaquod-
dy, certain moneys."
Mr. LETCHER. I object, unless there is a
report.
Mr. FULLER. Those moneys were paid by
the Clerk, by mistake,into the Treasury,instead
of paying it to these officers. There are letters
from the Secietaiy of the Treasury and Attorney
General which show the facts.
Mr. LETCHER. I think a report from a
committee ought to accompany the bills in all
these cases. And unless there is a report, 1 ob-
ject.
Senate bill " for the relief of Captain Charles
G. Merchant."
It directs the proper accounting officers of the
Government to settle the accounts of Charles G.
Merchant, brevet captain of the United States
Army for the second quarter of 1849, on just and
equitable principles, without reference to theusual
forms, so as to relieve the said Charles G. Mer-
chant of the effect of the loss of his quarterly re-
turns for said quarter; provided the amount to be
allowed to the said Charles G. Merchant in such
settlement shall not exceed $215 69.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill "for the relief of John Frink."
It directs the Postmaster General to pay to John
Frink, out of any money appropriated for mail
transportation, $750, the amount of two fines—
one ira the third and the other in the fourth quar-
ter of 1839—wrongfully imposed on said Frink,
and deducted from his pay for carrying the mail
on route No. 2811, from Joliet to Danville, Illi-
nois, in said year.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill " for the relief of Jacob Boker, of
Sandusky City, Ohio."
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Jacob Boker, of Sandusky City,
Ohio, upon the pension roll, and cause to be paid
to him the sum of eight dollars per month, for
and during his natural life, commencing June 27,
1854.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. I ohjected to the bill
of the Senate for the relief of Sylvester Pettibone.
Understanding, however, that it is a very hard
case, I withdraw the objection.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. It seems to me
that we had better go through the Calendar first,
a-nd then return and take up such bills as the ob-
jections to are withdrawn. I therefoie object now
to the withdrawal of the objection.
Senate bill "for the relief of Thomas Ellis."
The bilf requires the Secretary of the Interior
to place the mime of Thomas Ellis, of Platte
county, in the Slate of Illinois, upon the roll of
invalid pensions, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, from May 11, 1852, during his life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill " for the relief of Tunstall Gluarles."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is no re-
port accompanying that bill. I object.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the committee will
allow me 1 will state 
Mr. WALSH. I object to any statement.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 understand
that the gentleman who reported the bill for the
relief of Tunstall Cluarles, did so with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass.
The CHAIRMAN. It does not so stand on
the Calendar. The Chair understands that the
bill was reported without any recommendation at
all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Chair is mistaken,
and I hold that the gentleman from New York
has not the right to object to correction of the
Calendar. I reported the bill from the committee
with a verbal recommendation that it do not pass.
There is no wuften report.
The CHAIRMAN. The Calendar will be
corrected as indicated, unless objection be made.
There was no objection, and the correction was
accordingly made.
House bill for the relief of " Reginald alias Nick
Hiliary." [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
Senate bill " for the relief of Gaston T. Raoul."
The bill authorizes Gaston T. Raoul to enter,
free of cost, six hundred and forty acres of land,
according to legal subdivisions, on any of the
public lands of the United States, subject to entry
at private sale, in full compensation for claim No.
456 of the report of James O. Cosby, dated June
7, 1813, and for which a certificate of confirma-
tion, No. 168, was issued on the 24th January,
1838, by the register and receiver of the land
office' for the John Core claim, for his son, a
minor, in the parish of Livingston, State of Louis-
iana.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Senate bill " for the relief of A. G. Penn."
The bill in this case authorizes A. G. Penn, of
the parish of St.Tammany, Louisiana, to enter, by
way of preemption, the southwest quarter of sec-
tion twenty-three, township six south, of range
ten east, in the Greensburg land district, State of
Louisiana, upon his paying therefor to the proper
officer of the land office $1 25 per acre, provided,
the act shall not be so construed as to interfere
with any adverse claim to the land authorized to
be purchased, if any such there be.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Senate bill "for the relief of Frangois Consin."
Mr. NICHOLS. I move that the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it be laid upon the table, for the
reason that a bill of precisely the same import
passed the House last Saturday.
The motion was agreed to.
Senate bill "for the relief ofW. P. S Sanger."
Objected to by Mr. Walsh, of New York.]
Senate bill " for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of George McGirk," was the last upon the
Calendar.
The bill was read. It authorises the legal rep-
resentatives of George McGirk to enter without
payment, one hundred and sixty acres of land in
any land office in the State of Missouri, in lieu of
a tract of land claimed by them in said State; and
it directs the Register of the Land Office, on pay-
ment of his fee, to issue the necessary certificate,
on the return of which a patent shall issue in fa-
vor of said legal representatives.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. Chairman, I ob-
jected to-day to bill No. 457, " for thereliefofEme-
line Porter, widow of the late Commodore David
Porter, of the United States Navy." That bill was
reported from the committee of which I am a
member—the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
But the evidence in that committee did not satisfy
my mind of the troth of the facts reported by the
committee. I therefore objected to the bill to-day.
Still, I am unwilling to continue an objection to a
bill reported by the committee of which I am a
member; and I now ask the unanimous consentof
the committee to permit me to withdraw my ob-
jection.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to his withdraw-
ing it.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. The Chairunder-
stood me as objecting to Senate bill No. 239, " for
the relief of Sylvester Pettibone," and the bill was
passed over. Now, the Chair misunderstood me.
I did not object to the bill, but I insisted on going
through the Calendar first. I had no objection to
the bill at all.
The CHAIRMAN. It was objected to by the
gentleman from Ohio on the left of the Chair,
[Mr. Stuart.]
Mr. JOIN ES. He has withdrawn that objection.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair states that it
is not iri order to go back on the Calendar with-
out the unanimous consent of the committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] not to oppose
my withdrawing objection in the of Mrs.
Porter. 1 do not wish to appear as objecting to a
bill that has come from my own committee.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from In-
diana does not wish to be found objecting to a bill
reported from his own committee; but if he is not
satisfied that the bill is right, I think it but proper
that he should object to it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think I have a right to
withdraw my objection.
The CHAIRMAN. Not unless by unanimous
consent. Does the gentleman from Virginia with-
draw his objection ?
Mr. LETCHER. I do not, sir. I say so dis-
tinctly.
The CHAIRMAN. Then it will not be in or-
der to go back on the Calendar.
Mr. FAULKNER. The committee will rec-
ollect that the gentleman from" Maine [Mr. Ful-
ler] objected last week to the Senate bill " for the
relief of the legal representatives of Major Caleb
Swan." This morning he rose in committee and
asked unanimous consent to withdraw his objec-
tion. But the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] objected to his doing so, because we had
not gone through the Calendar. We have now
passed through the Calendar, and 1 ask 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
under the standing objection it will not be in or-
der to go back to the Calendar.
Mr. LETCHER. What standing objection?
Does the Chair refer to the objection made by me ?
