THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 30, 1854.
New Series....No. 72.
I think it makes a strong appeal to our sense of
right and justice, and to our sympathies, too. In
the last eight or ten years we have scarcely made
a single Indian treaty where we have not given
ten cents an acre for the ceded lands; and 1 ob-
serve by one, or two, or, perhaps, three reports
made at different times by the Bureau on Indian
Affairs, that the cost of the purchases made within
the last six or seven years, has amounted to
twenty-five cents for every acre ceded to the Uni-
ted States upon the average. Some cessions have
cost much less; but others occasionally a great
deal more. You know, sir, that in our treaties
with some of the tribes east of the Mississippi, we
have given them their wholelands, only reserving
such portions as would pay the expenses of sur-
vey and sale, conceding to them the whole net
proceeds of their country. These were the terms*
upon which one or two treaties were made in Ohio,
when some of the Shawnees and their confed-
erates, .or brethren, emigrated from Ohio to the
west of Missouri. The same terms were con-
ceded to the Chickasaws, when they left their ori-
ginal country, and went west of the Mississippi.
The heads of families of the Cieeks themselves
were allowed, under the treaty of 1832, to take
reservations, with liberty to sell to the whites.
We know what finally were the consequences of
that measure. It is not necessary to pursue them
now, or to connect them with this subject; so that I
hope we shall have no war here upon that question.
But, sir, this application is in relation to eight
or nine millions of acres of land which were taken
from our allies in 1814. I have attempted to state
the facts of the case as well as I could from having
recently cast my eyes over them, though 1 had
once investigated the subject very fully.
1 can tell the Senator from Virginia another very
strong ground, and a very plausible and rational
one, on which we may account for this claim
never having been brought forward before. At
the close of our war we were not very liberal to
the Indian tribes. Our Treasury was overwhelmed
by a large debt, contracted during the war with
Great Britain, which was just then about to be
brought to a close. In 1814 we did not measure
out justice liberally at all to our conquered do-
mestic enemies at home—the Indian tribes with
whom we were at war. We had nn compassion
for them. As you see, in this capitulation'of Fort
Jackson, we took the whole of their country—
three or four of the hostile chiefs fleeing into Flor-
ida, and .finding a refuge there, the rest taking
refuge among their old allies, but recently enemies.
The Treasury of the United States was not in a
condition to induce the officers of theGovernment,
-or its agents anywhere, to listen to appeals in
regard to justice or injustice, and if these Indians
had so appealed, the country was not then in a con-
dition to listen favorably to those appeals. That
state of things continued for'a long while, for we
did not get clear of the war debt of 1812 until
1823 or 1833.
But, since that time a different measure of jus-
tice and liberality has been acted upon by this
Government m all its transactions with the In-
dians. Now, if it be true that m our treaty stip-
ulations with the Indians, when we have bought
their lands, when, for the last ien years, we have
felt ourselves bound to do justice to their claims,
to their natural and just rights, and have allowed
them twenty-five cents an acre, is it, in the eyes
of a magnanimous and just Government—I will
not say with an overflowing Treasury, for that is
not a fair argument, but when we are able to be
just, I will not say to be generous and liberal—is
it right to object because these claims were not
recently prosecuted from year to year, and from
time to time, by these Indians? Ought we not
rather to endeavor now to right that injustice
which was done in 1814?
I am not able myself to form an opinion as to
what ought to be the measure of redress that we
should render to them. I believe, by the report
of the Indian Bureau during the last Administra-
tion, it was estimated that, in view of the long de-
tention of this money, in view of the late period
72
at which it is proposed to give this justice to the
friendly Creeks, that they ought to be allowed
twenty cents an acre for the lands taken in 1814.
I understand that the Committee on Indian Affairs
have thought it more expedient and more just to
the Government, under all the circumstances, to
allow them but six and a quarter cents an acre.
This was land taken from our friends and allies
in the Creek war, not one foot of which was pre-
tended to have been conquered territory, but which
was held exclusively by the friendly Indians.
The boundary may be truly said, as has been said
in some of the papers that I have seen, to have
been marked out with the sword. Even remon-
strance or discussion was refused. They were re-
duced to the privilege of drawing up a protest, and
of appealing to the Government for some indem-
nity for this gross wrong; for the friendly Creeks
felt it so, and had a right to feel it so. It was not
in human nature to have other feelings; and it is
known by those who have been connected with the
tribe ever since, that it has been felt as a grievance
by the friendly Creeks, that they were rubbed, as
they call it, unjustly by the power of the sword
in that capitulation of 1814, of these eight or nine
millions of acres.
1 have also seen a statement that these friendly
Creeks might justly claim indemnity for eight or
ten millions of acres of land; which, a long period
ago, when they were on terms of friendship with
the Cherokee Indians, they permitted that tribe to
occupy. When that question came up in a treaty,
m ascertaining the rights of the Cherokee nation
to those lands—some eight or ten miliums of acres
in the northeastern part of Alabama—General
Jackson being one of the commissioners, and
Governor Meriwether, or some other distinguished
person of the South, being the other, upon a full
investigation of the Cherokee claim, it was decided
that the country belonged rightfully to the Creeks,
and that the Cherokees only occupied it by per-
mission. This would make eight or ten millions
of acres more in regard to which the friendly
Creeks have a just right to complain that they have
been deprived of. They allowed the Cherokees
to settle on them; and the United States took them
from the Cherokees; and they were claimed, I
believe, by Georgia; but not one cent was ever
allowed the Creeks for them. This, to be sure, is
only cumulative, and is only an additional circum-
stance why we should view the present claim with
favor, if it be just in itself.
Sir, I think that notwithstanding the fact that
this claim is brought forward at this late day, it is
founded upon principles of justice and right, and
that its presentation affords this Goverument an
opportunity of doing justice to a weak and feeble
people; and that we owe it to our fame and char-
acter to blot out that part of the page of history
which records that, m a capitulation which took
place between the commanding general of the
forces of the United States and the Creek Indians,
in 18J4, m addition to taking the whole,or nearly
the whole of the country occupied by the hostiles,
the United States took eight or nine millions of
acres from their own allies m arms, who were most
important auxiliaries in the war, and never con-
ceded one cent as a consideration therefor.
I think that the Government ought to make
restitution in the best way it can, and to pay the
friendly Cieeks at least five or six cents an acre;
I will not say ten cents, although we have been
paying (since we have had the means, and have
been disposed to be liberal and just to other In-
dian tribes) twenty-five cents an acre. I think it
is but reasonable; I think it would add to the
credit and honor of the country, under such cir-
cumstances, to concede this amount, at all events,
this five or six cents an acre, if the facts be as I
have stated them, and I believe they are. I know
there was a small strip of land of the hostiles
reserved, and something was said at the time the
treaty was made in regard to Us being an equiva-
lent. 1 have investigated that point as far as I
could, and I have not been able to find that there
ia the slightest pretense for saying that it was
anything like an equivalent, or was so under-
stood or accepted by the friendly Creeks. There
was also a claim for indemnity for spoliations and
property destroyed. 7hat went before the House
of Representatives, and was pending for a long
time before Congress, in one shape or another.
Mr. Lowndes made a report on it, which was a
puzzle to me at first. As I read it at first, I un-
derstood him to mean that there was proof that
the Indians would have taken $60,000 as indem-
nity for the lands of which they had been arbitra-
rily deprived; but on more thorough investigation,
I found that the report related to another mat-
ter, and not to land.
For the reasons which I have stated now—
though I have not thoroughly investigated the
subject within the last two or three years, except
to cast my eyes over the memorials and briefs,
and to listen to the statements of the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin—I am of opinion that it
would be but just to grant this claim. I will not
detain the Senate by any further remarks upon
it.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, this amend-
ment proposes to go back forty years, to 1814, to
readjust an old settlement between the Creek In-
dians and the United States, and to set aside, in
part at least, the treaty which was then made,
upon the ground of inadequacy of consideration.
The proposition 1 regard as a very dangerous one;
and 1 think it involves two considerations which
it behooves us to weigh well before we agree to
this amendment.
The first is, whether we shall now begin to act
upon the principle that we are bound to go back
forty years, and rip up old Indian treaties and
settlements, on the ground of inadequacy of con-
sideration, for the purpose of now doing them jus-
tice. And the next consideration is, whether we
are bound, upon such evidence as we can now com-
mand, to give the Creeks more than they have
already received, even if we should assume the
obligation of read justing the settlement. My own
opinion is, that if we commence the policy of re-
opening these treaties, we shall find that there is
scarcely one made prior to 1840, which we shall
not have to reexamine and readjust upon the
grounds which are here set up, I believe, too, sir,
that when we come to make that attempt, we shall
find that, even if we had the disposition to reopen
these settlements, it will be perfectly impossible
for us to collect the evidence upon which we can
make a fair decision. We cannot collect the tes-
timony which will enable us to determine the rel-
ative understandings of the parties; that is, what
was understood on the part of the representatives
of our Government ana of the Indians at the time
the treaties were made. We should find it diffi-
cult, too, to ascertain what was the just amount
of consideration to be paid them, if we should set
aside these Indian treaties for the purpose of giving
them a fairer compensation.
Sir, what is the consideration which we should
pay to the Indians, and what are their rights?
Not the consideration which we would pay to the
fee-simple proprietor; not theconsideiation which
we would pay to a foreign nation which held the
| ultimate title in the land; but some sort of com-
pensation, something to satisfying them for aban-
doning the right to rove over the land and catch
game, when it becomes necessary to use that land
for the purposes of civilization. Now, I think it
would be very difficult to ascertain what that right
is worth. If we estimate it according to what
they made out of it, that is, according to the
scanty subsistence which they managed to derive
from it, the worth of the game, and such habita-
tion as it afforded them, I think it will be found
that there is not a treaty we have ever made in
which we have not given them more than an
equivalent for that value. In addition to this, it
will be found that we have not only given them
such considerations as satisfied them at the time,
or ought to have satisfied them, and were better
for them than this right which they exercised of
roaming and hunting over this country, but w&
have constantly guarded and protected them—~
protecied them against civil wars, proteel«$ tkesa
