1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1995
The CHAIRMAN. Yes. The Chair under-
stood the gentleman from Virginia as objecting
going back on the Calendar.
Mr. LETCHER. Then the Chair misunder-
stood me. I made no such objection. The sim-
ple question was, whether the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Hendricks] should have leave to with-
draw his objection to a certain bill, and to that I
objected.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair will hear
the proposition of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Faulkner.]
Mr. FAULKNER. I have stated all that I de-
signed to say. I trust now 'that there will be no
objection to the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Ful-
der] being permitted to withdraw his objection,
which he made without consideration, and with-
out knowledge of the facts. He has since ex-
amined the bill, and he is perfectly satisfied that
it ought to pass.
Mr. HOWE. What bill is it?
Mr. FAULKNER. Senate bill No. 33.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has not heard
the gentleman from Maine ask to withdraw his
objection to any bill. ' -
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I withdraw my
objection to Senate bill (No. 363) " for the relief
of Jonas P. Levy and Jose Maria Jarrero."
No further objection being made, the bill was
laid aside to be reported to the House, with a rec-
ommendation that it pass.
Mr. FULLER. On a former occasion T ob-
jected to Senate bill " for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Caleb Swan, deceased." I have
since examined the bill and papers, and am satis-
fied that the bill is right, and 1 therefore withdraw
the objection.
No further objection being made to the bill, it
was laid aside to be reported to the House, with a
recommendation that it pass.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. I withdraw my ob-
jection to Senate bill 44 for the relief of Sylvester
Petti bone."
Mr. WALSH. I object.
The bill was laid over under the rule.
Mr. RUSSELL. On Friday last the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Nichols] objected to House bi 1
to authorize Robert Graham to locate six thou-
sand nine hundred and ninety-three acres of land
in lieu of one undivided half part of certain lands
patented to John Edgar and John Murray St.
Clair by the Governor of the Northwestern Terri-
tory. The gentleman from Ohio is now willing,
I believe, to wiihdraw his objection.
Mr. BRIDGES. 1 object to i£.
The bill went over under the rule.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 now move that
the committee rise and report the bills to the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed %'e chair, the Chairman of the committee
reported that the Committee of the Whole had
had the Private Calendar under consideration, and
had directed him to report back to the House,
House bill further supplemental to an act entitled
14 An act to authorize the payment for property
lost, captured, or destroyed by the enemy while
in the military service of the United States, and
for other purposes," with a recommendation
that the same be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; also Senate
bill " for the relief of Francois Cousin," with a
recommendation that thesame be laid on the table.
Also, that the committee had directed him to report
back to the House the following resolution and
bills, with a recommendation that they pass.
A joint resolution for the relief of John A.
Bryan;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Major Caleb Swan, deceased;
A bill granting bounty land to Cornelius Coffey;
Joint resolution giving one hundred and sixty
acres of land to Francis M. Gwin, of Indiana.
A bill for the relief of Eleanor Hoople, of the
Province of Canada;
An act for the relief of Jean Baptiste Beau-
bien;
A bill for the relief of John Cole;
A bill for the relief of George Lynch;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Webb;
A bill for the relief of John Steene;
A bill for the relief of George Elliott;
A bill for the relief of Mary Rutherford, widow
of Samuel Rutherford;
A bill for the relief of Warren Raymond;
An act for the relief of the heirs and representa-
tives of Colonel Alexander G. Morgan;
An act for the purchase of the copyright of a
work published by Thomas H. Sumner, wherein
he describes his new method of ascertaining a
ship's position at sea;
A bill for the relief of Isaac Adams;
A bill for the relief of Julia Aiken;
A bill for the relief of the legal representative of
Gustavus B. Horner,deceased;
An act for the relief of Phineas M. Nightingale,
administrator of the estate of General Nathaniel
Greene, deceased;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant
Andrew Finley;
A bill for the relief of the administrator of
Thomas Wishart;
A bill for the relief of Lincoln Bates;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Charles Pavie;
A bill to revive the act approved Mar:h 3,
1823, and the act approved May 26,1824, supple-
mental thereto, in reference to the Rio Hondo
claims to land in Louisiana;
A bill authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay John Charles Fremont for beef furnished
the California Indians;
A bill authorizing the Secretary of theTreasury
to settle the accounts of Thomas Jordan, assistant
quartermaster in the United States Army;
A bill for the settlement of the claims of W.
P. Buckner and Pierce Crosby, passed midship-
men in^the United States Navy;
An act for the relief of Dr. S. R. Addison,
passed assistant surgeon in the United States
Navy;
A bill for the relief of Herman Crittenden;
A bill for the relief of William Gove, of
Maine;
A bill for the relief of Jonathan Pearcej
A bill for the relief of William Parker;
A bill for the relief of Zebina Rawson;
A bill for the relief of Polly Carver;
A bill for the relief of Lloyd Dorsey and others;
A bill for the relief of Sidney P. Pool, of the
State of Maine;
An act for the relief of Jonas P. Levy and Jose
Maria Jarrero;
A bill for the relief of George J. Rallston;
A bill for the relief of Joseph McMinri;
A bill for the relief of Asa Leach;
An act to authorize the payment of invalid pen-
sions to the heirs of Lieutenant Robert White
and others;
An act for the relief of Levi Pierce and Andrew
Hodge, jr.;
An act for the relief of Henry La Reintrie;
An act to provide compensation for the services
of George Morrell in adjusting titles to lands in
Michigan;
An act for the relief of Asa Andrews;
An act for the relief of William Darby;
A bill for the relief of William G. Smith;
A resolution to pay Jonas W. Nye, out of the
contingent fund, the sum of five hundred and
twenty-five dollars, in full satisfaction of his claim
for compensation for the use of horses and carry-'
alls furnished the post office of the House under
a contract with the postmaster, dated June 15,
1844;
A bill for the relief of L. R. Lyon and Dean
S. Howard, of theState of New York;
An act for the relief of Urban Stoli;
An act for the relief of Captain Charles G. Mer-
chant;
A bill for the relief of John Frink;
A bill for the reliefof Jacob Baker, of Sandusky
city, Ohio;
An act for the relief of William Brown;
An act for the relief of Gaston T. Raoul;
An act for the relief of A. G. Penn;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of George McGirk.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If it is in order, I
move that the House concur in the report of the
Committee of the Whole House.
[Cries of " Right! " " Right!"]
Mr. JONES, And then the Clerk can put the
bills in regular order upon the Journal.
The SPEAKER. There are various other rec-
ommendations in reference to particular bills. The
Chair understands the proposition to be to concur
in the report of the committee in all its recommend-
ations in reference to the bills which have been
reported to the House.
There was no objection; and the report of the
Committee of the Whole House was concurred in.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
A message was here received from the Senate
by Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed the bill of
the House (No. 48) making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1855, with amendments, in which he asked the con-
currence of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is impossible for the
House to consider these amendments properly un-
less they are printed. I ask, therefore, that the
bill, with the amendments, may be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and that it may
be printed. If the House will assent to the prop-
osition, I think lean get it printed by to-morrow
morning.
There was no objection; and the bill and amend-
ments were accordingly referred and ordered to
be printed.
SYLVESTER PETTIBONE.
Mr. WELLS. I ask the unanimous consent
; of the House to discharge the Commirtee of the
| Whole House from the further consideration of
Senate bill (No. 239) "for the relief of Sylvester
S Pettibone."
i There was no objection, and the bill was re-
| ported to ihe House.
; Mr. WELLS. I now move to put the bill upon
i its passage.
! The bill was read through, it provides that
I Sylvester Pettibone, of Wisconsin, and his real
j and personal property, be released and relieved
from two judgments in favor of thp United States,
obtained against him, the said Pettibone, m the
district court of the United States for the district
of Wisconsin, and from all liens and encumbrances
ereated by said judgment: Provided, That the costs
of the suit in which said judgment was rendered
shall first be paid by said Pettibone.
Mr. LETCHER. The committee made an
amendment to that bill.
The SPEAKER. So the Chair understands,
but it does not necessarily come up with the bilk
The committee is simply discharged from the con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose the
| amendment may come up by general consent.
The SPEAKER. Certainly, it may come up,
| if there be no objection.
' The amendment was reported. It alters the
! proviso at the end of the bill, so that it will read:
Provided, That $500 and the costs of the <*uft in which
said judgment was rendered, shall first be paid by said Pet-
tibone.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. This is a case
! in which the whole property of a very respectable
! old man m Wisconsin has been sold for forfeiture
; of bail on his part in favor of the United States.
| It is either sold, or about to be sold.
S Mr. KERR. K has been sold,
j Mr. STANTON. Tins relief is a mere act of
ji graceon the partof the Government of theUnited
j] States; and I think that it is a small business to
i propose to reserve $500. If the bill is to be passed
I] at all, give the old man his land back on the pay-
ji ment of the costs, and without other reservation.
!! [Cries of " Agreed !"]
ji Mr. SMITH, of New York. With the per-
il mission of the gentleman from Wisconsin, I will
I! say a word. I know this old man. I have known
jj him more than thirty years. He removed from
|) my neighborhood to Wisconsin. He was one of
! the pioneers who broke the way to the settlement
of that country. His little all has been sold under
i this judgment. Is it not punishment enough for
I his imprudence to require him to pay the bill of
I costs? I acquiesce in the spirit and letter of the
j remarks ofjny honorable friend from Tennessee,
and I hope that the House will be content to re-
lease the poor old man on the payment of the two
bills of costs
Mr. KERR. I wish to add one word to what
has been said. As a member of the Judiciary
Committee, I had charge of this particular case.
I myself entertained the opinion that he ought to
be released entirely. I have always insisted on
