1986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 29,
that; but we went into committee to-day, and in
order to induce gentlemen to withdraw their ob-
jections, we agreed to an amendment, that Mr.
Pettibone should be made to pay $500. I think
that it would be bad faith to back out from that
amendment now. I think the House ought to
agree to it. Had not the amendment been adopted
in committee, we would not have got the bill into
the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If gentlemen will
let the vote be taken, the amendment will be voted
down.
Mr. WELLS. I call for the previous question.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered toe be now put.
The question was taken on the amendment; and
it was rejected.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was rejected. The
friends of this bill 
[Cries of " Order ! "]
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not now in
order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I withdraw the motion I
made, and move to recommit the bill.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
resting upon the bill, and no motion to commit is
in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. May I not make an ap-
peal to the friends of the bill?
[Cries of "Object."]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it in order to
move to lay the bill upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order.
Mr. SMITH. I make that motion, and call for
the yeas and nays. I want a record of the vote.
I call on every honest man upon this floor——
[Cries of "Order! order!"]
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SINGLETON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a personal explica-
tion.
Several Members. Let us get through with
this bill first.
Mr. SINGLETON. I was necessarily absent
this morning when the vote was taken upon sus-
pending the rules, for the purpose of introducing
a bill repealing the fugitive slave law. I wish
merely to say that, if I had been present, I should
have voted against suspending the rules.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Smith's
motion, and it was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The question now recurred upon Mr. McMbl-
lin's motion, that the vote by which the amend-
ment was rejected be reconsidered.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken; and Mr. Edgerton's
motion was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WELLS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
W. P. S. SANGER.
Mr. WALSH. 1 objected to Senate bill No. 169
for the relief of W. P. S. Sanger, on the ground that
it was for extra pay, and that the bill did not state
the amount due. But I have been assured by a
number of gentlemen that the bill is perfectly cor-
rect; and I therefore ask leave to move that the
Committee of the Whole House be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill.
Mr.LETCHER. I object. We have just had
a sample of that mode of doing business.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the House concurred in the report of the
Committee of the Whole House, in relation to the
various bills and resolutions reported by it: and I
also move to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The question was taken; and the latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendments to the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, which have
been just sent in from the Senate, and committed
to the Committee of Ways and Means, will re-
quire the consideration of that committee during
the hours of the session of this House. I there-
fore ask the permission of the House to enable
the Committee of Ways and Means to sit in com-
mittee during the .hours of the session of this
House.
Mr. HENN. I wish to amend that proposi-
tion so as that it may include in the same permis-
sion the Committee on Enrolled Bills. They are
in the same condition as the Committee of Ways
and Means, and have to be in and out of the
House every five minutes. I also propose that
they be allowed to vote whenever they come into
the House.
The order was made in respect to both these
committees.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move also to include in
the same order the select committee appointed to
examine the charges in reference to the alterations
in the Minnesota railroad bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to amend the
proposition by including all the other commit-
tees.
The motion of Mr. Campbell was agreed to.
Mr. JONES. 1 think it is very good time now
for this House to adjourn; and I submit that
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The House thereupon (at a quarter before four
o'clock, p. m.) adjourned till to-morrow at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 29, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal;
but he was interrupted by
Mr. COOPER, who moved that the further
reading of the Journal of yesterday be dispensed
with; which was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, accom-
panied by reports on the improvement of the Bra-
zos river, Texas, and surveys of Georgetown har-
bor, South Carolina, and the Savannah river, from
Savannah to Augusta, in the State of Georgia;
which was read, and ordered to be printed.
PETITION, ETC.
Mr. RUSK submitted an additional document
in relation to the claim of Betsey W. Eve; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Also, the petition of Samuel D. Hay, United
States district attorney for the district of Texas,
praying compensation for services in prosecutions
for violation of the neutrality laws on the Rio
Grande; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
PETITION WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. GEYER, it was
Ordered, That R. H. Milter liave leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill for the
relief of Thomas Ap Catesby Jones, surety for a
former postmaster at Norfolk, Virginia, reported
it back without amendment.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill for the relief of the legal heirs of Ben-
jamin Metoyer was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that they had passed the following
bills from the Senate:
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Major Caleb Swan, deceased;
_ An act to authorize the payment of invalid pen-
sions to the heirs of Lieutenant Robert White
and others;
An act for the relief of the heirs and representa-
tives of Colonel Alexander G-. Morgan;
An act for the purchase of the copyright of a
work published by Thomas H. Sumner, wherein
he describes his new method of ascertaining a
ship's position at sea;
• An act for the relief Sylvester Pettibone;
An act for the relief of Levi Pierce, and Andrew
Hodge, jr.;
An act for the relief of Henry La Reintrie;
An act for the relief of Dr. S. R. Addison,
passed assistant surgeon in the United States
Navy;
An act for the relief of Jean Baptiste Beaubien;
An act for the relief of William Darby;
An act for the relief of Urban Stoll;
An act for the relief of Asa Andrews;
An act for the relief of Jonas P. Levy, and Jos®
Maria Jarrero;
An act for the relief of Captain G. Merchant;
An act for the relief of William Brown;
An act for the relief of Gaston T. Raoul; and
An act for the relief of A. G. Penn.
The message also announced that the House had
passed the following bills of the Senate, with amend-
ments, in which they asked the concurrence of
the Senate:
An act to provide compensation for the services
of George Morrell, in adjusting titles to land in
Michigan; and
An act for the relief of Phineas M. Nightingale,
administrator of the estate of General Nathaniel
Greene, deceased.
Also, that the House had passed various bills,
in which they requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The bills received from the House were accord-
ingly read a first and second time by their titles,
and referred—the following to the Committee on
Pensions:
An act for the relief of Julia Aiken;
An act for the relief of George J. Rallston;
An act for the relief of Mary Rutherford,
widow of Samuel Rutherford;
An act for the relief of John Steene;
An act for the relief of William Parker;
An act for the relief of Herman Chittenden;
An act for the relief of Warren Raymond;
An act for the relief of Zebina Rawson;
An act for the relief of William Gove;
An act for the relief of George E. Elliott;
An act for the relief of Joseph Webb;
An act for the relief of George Lynch;
An act for the relief of Joseph McMinn;
An act for the relief of Jonathan Pearce;
An act for the relief of John Cole;
An act for the relief of Asa Leach;and
An act for the relief of Jacob Baker.
The following were referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims:
An act for the relief of Sidney P. Pool;
An act for the relief of Loyd Dorsey;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Charles Parie; and
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of George McGirk.
The following were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs: *
An act granting bounty land to Cornelius Cof-
fey;
An act for the relief of Eleanor Hoople, of the
Province of Canada;and
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to settle the accounts of Thomas Jordan,as-
sistant quartermaster in the United States Army.
The following were referred to the Committee
on Claims:
An act for the relief of Lineoln Bates;
An act for the relief of Polly Carver, widow
and executrix of Nathan Carver, deceased; and
An act for the relief of L. R. Lyon and Dean
S. Howard, of the State of New York.
The following-was referred to the Committee
on the Post OfHce and Post Roads:
An act for the relief of John Prink.
The following was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims:
An act for the relief of the administrator of
Thomas Wishart.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with the various Indian tribes for the year
