428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
J
and he also objected to the bill, because it proposed
to do away wi'h the Missouri compromise. If the
Missouri compromise should be repealed, he earn-
estly believed, before God, it would be the last
compromise that ever would be made between
clashing interests? of different sections*, that it would
not be the last that would be rendered null and
void.
[The speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. FE3NTON. Will thegentleman from Ver-
mont allow me to occupy five or ten minutes of
his time in explanation ?
Mr. MEACHAM. The gentleman can go on.
I cannot r-peak any longer.
Mr. CLiNGfMAN. I should like to know if
the gentWman yields the floor altogether?
Mr.MEACHAM. I do.
Mr. FENTON then addressed the committee
in remarks which will be found embodied with
those subsequently delivered, in another column of
this day's proceedings. He was interrupted, be-
fore concluding1, by the fall of the Chairman's ham-
mer, which intimated that the portion of the hour
yielded to him by the gentleman from Vermont
]Mr. Meacham] had expired.
Mr. WHEELER obtained the floor.
Mr. FENTON". Am i not still entitled to the
floor ?
The CHAIRMAN. TheChairunderstood the
gentleman from New York as taking a portion of;
the time of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Meacham.]
Mr. FENTON. I asked permission of the
gentleman from Vermont to make an explanation,
tie yielded the floor to me before I commenced
my explanation. At the expiration of the hour,
I addressed the Chair, desiimg then to make my
remarks.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the gentleman's right to the floor has expired, and
that his colleague [Mr. Wheeler] is entitled to it.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Do I understand the
decision of the Chair us taking the Hour from the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Fenton ?]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so decided.
Mr. LANE. Then I appeal from the decison
of the Chair.
Tile CHAIRMAN. The Chair still adheres
to theopinion, that the gentleman from New York |
is not entitled to the lloor. j
After some discission in regard to the right of
Mr Fenton to address the committee during an
hour upon his own right to the floor under the
rale, in which Messrs. Wentworth, of Illinois,
Peckham, Wheeler., McMullin, Lane, of In-
diana, and Letcher, participated.
Mr. WHEELER expressed a willingness to
yield a portion of his time to his colleague, [Mr.
Fenton*.]
TheCHAIRM AN decided,that if the gentleman
from New Yoik yielded the floor, except for per-
sonal explanation, he must yield it entirely.
Mr. WHEELER. Am I to understand thatif
I extend this courtesy to my colleague I lose my
right to the floor ?
The CHAIRMAN. That is the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. WHEELER. Then I do not yield the
floor.
Mr. LANE. I now insist that the question
shall be taken on my appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
The question was then put, " Shall the decision
of the Clnur stand as the judgment of the Com-
mittee'5' and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained,
ruling that Mr. Wheeler was entitled to the floor.
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
addiess this committee with some little reluctance,
notwithstanding the gratuitous assertion of the
honorable gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Smith,]
that "he knew I was anxious to make a speech
for my constituency." Sir, when I arrive at that
point in my political history of which he boasts,
I will hold my peace; until then, I shall at all
times, despite the threats of power or Executive
promises, speak the honest sentiments of my heart,
in behalf of an honest constituency. Sir, in the
discharge of my duty I shall be honest and fear-
less. i came here to sustain the principles of thp
Democratic party, and to assist m legislating for
the common good, not to pin my faith or opinions
to the coat-sleeve of any man or any Administra-
tion. I ata here to do my duty to my country
and myself. If, in the discharge of that duty, I
use language that grates harshly upon the ear,
attribute it to the plain garb in which truth is
ciothed, rather than a desire to wound the sensi-
bility of any member of this House. Sir, to me
the most despicable position for a man on this floor
is to have a motive for his vote, and be ashamed to
avow it. I do not insinuate that such has been the
case; I do not say that the Executive sword has
been suspended over the head of any member of
this House; but I do say there have been some
who, honored by a seat upon this floor, have pro-
gressed m notoriety, and hold conspicuous places
when they do not enjoy the illargest liberty;" that
under the cowardly threat of decapitating one friend,
and refusing to appoint another, men have exposed
themselves to the suspicion of having forgotten
their allegiance to their constituency, and the com-
mon good.
In passing the "White House" at the other
end of the avenue a few days ago, a friend, look-
ing at us graceful columns and fine proportions,
suddenly exclaimed, " Axes Ground Here." I
was then, for the first time, stiuek with the force
of the answer, (when asking why a certain mem-
ber voted as he did,) " Oh ! he has an axe to grind."
It seems that there is a great Government grind-
stone, the approach to which is guarded by a
modern Cerberus, called " Yield All." In order to
use this grindstone you have to divest yourself of
all independence of thought and action—you are
to have no will of your own. Having constituted
j youiself a " living corpse," you are at liberty to
give a keen edge to your axe, in order that you
may cut through the grating of principle and
seize fast hold of the spoils.
Sir, my constituency did not send me here to
sharpen my axe at the expense of principle; they
sent me hear to yield nothing; they sent me here
, to stand up boldly for sound, National Democracy
' against our common enemy, regardless of spoils
or Executive dictation. They use no trick or sub-
| terfuge to obtain place. Jt requires no interpreter
' to teli what they mean when they speak. They
are independent in their action—asking for nothing
to which they are not entitled—and that they will
have (if at all) without fawning. " 1 shall m all
, the best obey them."
Sir, there was a time in the history of this Gov-
ernment, when, to insure the success of a great
public measure, it was not necessary to ask—
Does the President approve it?" " How does 1
Mr. Guthrie feel on this subject?" " Won't Jef-
ferson Davis take offense?" " Will Caleb Cush-
ingj independent in nothing but his politics, sanc-
tion it?" I say, sir, there was a time when such
questions would have been an insult to gentlemen
on this floor. That, however, was the golden age
of piinciple, when it was not necessary daily to
define one's position; when men's principles were
embodied m all their acts; when there was no man-
worshipping or timeserving; no getting astride of
the line, waiting the issue of the contest, and then
leaping to the side of the victor, and claiming the
spoils. The man who dared that, was sure to
have his shins cracked on both sides of the line,
and be made (as he should be) a political cripple
for life. But, alas! times have sadly changed.
Nothing can now be done* without consultation
with the " Powers that be." You mu^t trim your
sails to the Executive breeze, or you will be driven
among the breakeis; you must lose all independ-
ence, and submit to a dictation as impudent as it
is overbearing; you are commanded to take to
your bosom the assassins who struck down the
party in 184Q; you are to make a glorious " union."
of all the isms of the day, in order that the De-
mocracy may be invincible. The old rank and
file, who have borne our banner in triumph thiough
many a hard-fought contest—whose courage is
undoubted, and whose scars are honorable—are
thrust aside to make room for—whom, sir? For
renegades and traitors; for the ragged camp-fol-
lowers—the miserable deserters, who, near starva-
tion through their own treachery, now crave the
food that will strengthen them for a still more
damning treason. Has it come to this? Is the
Democratic party so powerless—utterly power-
less—as to need the assistance of its enemies?
Must she not only grant an amnesty, but pay a
bounty to traitors, or meet defeat? Where, oh
where is that quickening, life-giving power that
for sixty years has crowned with laurels the genius
of our party ? Where is that spirit that breathed
into our system an activity that enabled us to
embrace the land that lies between the Atlantic
and the Pacific, and say to all the world—this,
this is the gift of a liberal, unadulterated, National
Democracy ?
That spirit is still with us, and we need not the
aid of designing and treacherous men; that spirit
is fully equal to its mission, is fully able to cope
with enemies without, or traitors within. It
makes no truces; it grants no amnesties; it pays
no bounties; it cannotlive in the same atmosphere
with Van Burenism,or Free-Soilism.
Sir, the people I have the honor to representare
national, in the strictest sense of the term—op-
posed to Van Rurenism, Free-Soilism, or any
other ism that can in the least degree raise the
question of disunion. They are against all—all
—Federal encroachments upon the rights of the.
States, and will denounce any President who ex-
ercises his official power to muzzle any citizen in
the free expression of his opinion, or m the exer-
cise of the elective franchise; and the President
who does it, in my humble opinion, has m his na-
ture the elements of weakness and despotism.
They are in favor of honest men for office, those '
who have never altered their principles or deserted
their party. Now, sir, in this connection-, I will
say that this Administration has been charged
with filling the highest places with the Free-Soilers
of 1848. How has this charge been met?—with
argument ? No, sir; on the contrary, piivatechar-
acter has been most villainously traduced, and the
columns of the " Organ" fairly staggered under
the weight of calumny they contained. This is,
indeed, a "crushing-out" Administration—I thank
the Attorney General for that word. Instead of
convincing argument, we have had presented to
us a salmagundi of abuse—a kind of cross between
blackguardism and refined vulgarity; instead of
the keen, clear cutting of the practical anatomist,
it is the mangling of the blacksmith's sledge: in-
stead of manly boldness and eloquent vindication,
it is unmanly cowardice and base vituperation.
Why, sir, an individual as humble as myself
could not escape the lank iawsof this hyena press
that fattens on the blood of character. ] have'heen
assailed in the most indecent manner; and my oc-
cupation has been sneermgly alluded to. Well,
sir, what matters it if I am a hotel keeper—does
that place me without the pale of Congress ? Does
that banish me from the company of honorable
men ? Does it debar the expression of opinions,
for which I entertain honest reasons? Sir,
tl l bad railujr be a toad,
And live upon the vapor of a dungeon,"
than be the proprietor or editor of a paper so en-
tirely void of respect, and whose somersaults on
great public questions are as astounding as the
sadden evolutions of traveling mountebanks. I
had always been under the impression that the
vocation of hotel keeping was an honest calling,
quile as necessary to the comfort and necessity of
society as to be the "Organ" of an Administra-
tion " that runs with the hare and holds with the
hounds." Hotel keepers must stand up to theii-
advertisements; they must treat their guests like
gentlemen; they must not tell them they are gro-
cers, sawyers, or tape sellers; they must give them
bread and meat, and that of the best kind, or they
'j will change their quarters.
I! Not so with that political hotel at the other end
!! of the avenue, called the " White House." Gen-
ii tlemen know from experience they must put up
jj with what they choose to give them there, or leave
■ the house, and have all out of doors for their com-
! fort. Now, sir, 1 am one of those who would nre-
j j fer, like Lazarus of old, to sit outside and wait for
! God's mercy, rather than be in doors and have
j: crammed down my throat what I could not keep
jl on my stomach. If 1 mistake not, the father of
that organ's master (one Colonel Benjamin Pierce)
once kept a tavern. I am told that wfien he made
his hotel-inausural, he stood up to his advertise-
ment—the entertainment to which he invited his
guests was what they expected and found. His
meats were said to have been served upon separate
dishes, and not indiscriminately hashed together.
But a truce, sir, to this pleasantry.
My Free-Soil colleague [Mr. I-Iughf,s] has had
the hardihood to insult the one hundred thousand
national men of New \ork, by asserting on this
floor, that at the next election in that Slate a fife
and drum would draw together but a corporal's
guard. 1
