1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1997
ending the 30th of June, 1855, and for other pur-
poses.
The Speaker of the House having signed the
above enrolled bill, the President pro tempore ac-
cordingly affixed his signature thereto.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary, announcing that he had this day approved
and signed the following acts:
An act for the compensation of James W. Lo w
and others, for the capture of the British private
armed schooner Ann, during the late war with
Great Britain;
An act for the relief of Purser T. McBlair; and
An act supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to authorize notaries public to take and certify
oaths, affirmations, and acknowledgments in cer-
tain cases.,,
PHILADELPHIA, NEW YORK, AND BOSTON
COURTS.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will present to
the Senate the bill to provide for the accommoda-
tion of the courts of the United States in the dis-
trict of Massachusetts, which has been returned
from the House with an amendment.
Mr. TOUCEY. I hope that the Senate will
mow act upon the amendment. I think there will
be no discussion in regard to it. I will state that
the Senate passed a bill providing for the tem-
porary accommodation of the courts m Boston.
The House amended it by providing for the tem-
porary accommodations for the courts in Phila-
delphia and New York, and annexed a second
section, authorizing the President to make con-
tracts for the purchase of sites and plans for the
erection of buildings. The Committee on the
Judiciary have reported to concur in that amend-
ment, with a further amendment making the con-
tracts conditional, and subject to the approval of
Congress, to which there can be no objection.
The amendment to the amendment of the Mouse
was agreed to; and the amendment, as amfeded,
was concurred in.
WASHINGTON AND A LEXANDRIA RAILROAD.
The PRESIDENT. There is also a bill upon
the table authorizing the extension of the Alex-
andria and Washington railroad into the District
of Columbia, which has been returned from the
House of Representatives with amendments.
Mr. ADAMS. One of the amendments is very
important. I move the reference of the bill and
amendments to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope that will not be done.
I think we can act upon it. I shall ask the Senate
to disagree to the amendments of the House.
Mr. ADAMS. I withdraw my motion.
The PRESIDENT. The question then is on
concurring in the amendments of the House.
The amendments were published among the pro-
ceedings of Friday, the 21st instant.
Mr. SHIELDS. I desire to ask a question for
information. I was not in the Senate when this
bill was originally passed. I was very much
opposed to a railroad crossing the Avenue between
this and the Executive Mansion; and I desire to
know whether that is authorized by this bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. This is the same bill which
was before the Senate on the application of the
Washington and: Alexandria Railroad Company,
asking the right of way across the Long Bridge.
The Senate refused to grant that privilege; but,
as the bill shows, gave the privilege of building a
bridge across the Potomac river, at or above the
aqueduct, and granted the right of way through
the District of Columbia, to connect with the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad on the western side
of the city. In that situation it went to the House,
and the House have appended an amendment,
giving the right of way on the eastern side of the
city to a point on the Potomac river opposite to
Alexandria. I am opposed to that on the ground
that it is calculated to embarrass the original bill.
If the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company de-
sire a privilege of that kind, they ought to apply
for it in a separate bill. For that reason I move
that the Senate disagree to the amendment of the
House.
Mr. COOPER. I am told if the Senate con-
cur in the amendment, it will defeat the road pro-
vided for in the bill; for it will be impossible to get
subscriptions to that road. I am, therefore, in
favor of the motion made by the Senator from In-
diana.
Mr. PRATT. The original charter, to which
the amendment of the House was placed, was a
charter authorizing an individual to make a rail-
road connecting with the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad on the west of the city, by making one
through Georgetown across the rotomac river
above the aqueduct. The amendment of the
House is to authorize the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company to make a connection with the
Virginia works at Alexandria, by carrying a road
from the terminus of the company in Washington
to the east, so as to strike the eastern branch of the
Potomac river above the navy-yard, and crossing
at that point, and going on the Maryland side of
the District of Columbia on that side of the eastern
branch of the Potomac, along the margin of the
river, until it arrives opposite to Alexandria, where
it is calculated by boats to take the passengers
across to Alexandria. My friend from Indiana
says that he is altogether opposed to this; that if
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company want
this connection, they ought to introduce a new
bill. Why, Mr. President, if the privilege ought
to be granted to them, it will strike every one that
there could be no place so proper as the present
bill in which to grant it. Here you are about to
give a private individual, for private purposes,the
right to make a railroad to connect with another
road which has cost some *$1,500,000, and you are
as>ked to refuse to that road which has made the
great connection between this city and Baltimore,
and consequently with the East and the West,
the privilege of connecting their road with the
Virginia roads running south.
Now, sir, except for the mere isolated desire of
giving to this private corporation the pecuniary
advantages which the charter would give to him,
there is no member who will rise in his place and
assert that this privilege ought not to be granted
to the road.
When the original bill was here, something was
said by my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Walk-
er,] about the charges made on the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad. Mr. President, that road is not
to blame, and never has been to blame, for the
charges supposed to be exorbitant in carrying pas-
sengers between this city and Baltimore. When
the application was made to the Legislature of
Maryland for a charter, at my instance—for 1 was
then a member of the Legislature—for the purpose
of relieving the State from a debt which she had
incurred, a per capita tax of fifty cents was placed
upon passengers over that road, or one fifth of the
gross receipts of the road went to the State as a
bonus. The charge which was made, therefore,
of fifty cents, which goes into the State treasury,
is one from which it is not within the compass
of the company to relieve themselves; and they
ought not to be blamed, as they have been by my
friend from Wisconsin, and others, for the charge
which is supposed to be exorbitant.
But I state again, the rejection of the amend-
i mentofthe House will give to a private corporator,
instead of to a company that has already done so
much, the exclusive right of making the connec-
tion between the Baltimore and Ohio railroad at
the East, and the Virginia works of internal im-
provement in the South. I was in favor of au-
thorizing this individual to make this road, and 1
do not care (if it does not interfere with the conveni-
ence of the people of Washington, which is pro-
tected by the amendment absolutely, by requiring
I the authority of the corporation before it can be
made) how many railroads are built here. The
more that are made the better, if they do not in-
terfere with private interests. This is the first
time in the legislation of the country that I have
ever heard of excluding from a participation in
such a benefit a company which has gone to all
the expense of making an extended connection
between the seat of Government and other places,
and also to the Virginia companies going south,
because you want to give the exclusive privilege
to an individual. Mr. President, I do hope that
a sense cf common justice will induce the Senate
to concur in this amendment. If they do not pre-
fer to concur in it, and there be doubt about the
policy of it, let them reject the whole bill. In the
present position of things, as £ said before, there
is no immediate necessity for its passage. We
might at another session, perhaps, be better ad-
vised as to the proper course to pursue.
My friend from Indiana [Mr. Bright].tells me
that this is a public company, for whose benefit
the bill was passed, i have never seen its charter.
It is immaterial, however. The Senator says it
is a chartered company—chartered through Mr.
French and somebody else, who are associated
with him in making this road. You are then to
give to a new and independent company, which
has expended no money and made no improve-
ment, the exclusive patronage of making a con-
nection between roads which have expended mil-
lions for the convenience of the country, induced,
I admit, by a sense of what is necessary for their
own profit. Virginia has spent, and is spending,
some $15,000,000 or $20,000,000 on roads. Many
of these roads concentrate here. The Baltimore
and Ohio railroad has spent some $15,000,000 or
$20,000,000, by which communication between
the seat of Government and the far West, and
between the seat of Government and New York
and other places, has been established. J ask, can
any one announce any principle whya new com-
pany should be incorporated to make this com-
munication, instead of allowing a company which
has been long incorporated, and spent so much
money, to do it for themselves ? The object is to
connect the southern roads with the northern
roads. Let the Virginia and Maryland roads do
it. I know, at least 1 am notified by the directors
of the Virginia roads, that they are altogether
opposed to putting this into the hands of a private
individual I hope, therefore, if the amendment
be wrong in any particular, the Semite will alter
it and send it back to the House; hut do not let
us, by hasty legislation, do injustice to those per-
sons who have spent so much capitalin producing
the benefits which have resulted from this con-
nection with the seat of Government.
Mr. RUSK. I shall say but a very few words
upon this subject, for I know that time is very im-
portant. The original bill which passed the Sen-
ate, passed under very strong guards. It had un-
dergone the thorough investigation of a committee.
One of the strongest oppositions which it met with
when it was introduced and proposed that the rail-
road should eross the river at the Long Bridge,
and one of the most difficult to overcome, and
which, unless the objectionable provision had been
stricken out, would have prevented the passage of
the bill, was, that it would obstruct the navigation
of the river. Now, here is a privilege in the
amendment to the same effect, accorded to the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad.
Mr. PRATT. My friend is mistaken. I do
not desire him to fight shadows while he is arguing
a point. This road is to strike the eastern branch
of the Potomac above navigation.
Mr. RUSK. The original bill, as it will be
well remembered by Senators, had many of its
provisions, which were regarded as too liberal,
stricken out, and it was restricted. It was re-
stricted with regard to the avenue. No private
property was allowed to be gone through at all.
The Senator from Maryland is mistaken in sup-
posing that it is for the benefit of private individ-
j uals. The bill proposed that an incorporated
| company should do the work. There is also in-
, corporated by the Legislature of Virginia a com-
i pany for the othei1 side of the Potomac. Buthere
I is an amendment sprung upon us to give to an
j incorporated company, the Baltimore and Ohio
i railroad,the,privilege of going through the streets;
I and if they can get the consent of the corporation
i of condemning and using private property; and if
I they can get the consent of the President of the
j United States, of going through any of your re-
! served grounds. This! ought to investigate before
! I agree to grant such privileges. It would be wrong
■ to encourage two rival companies within three or
four miles of eaeh other, because both would be
broken down, and we should not get the connec-
tion which is so desirable to the public. But if it
were desirable that we should have two roads
within two or three miles of each other, who in
the Senate is prepared to give the privilege to the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, when we
do not know anything about the provisions of its
charter? If there were no other objections, I
should vote against it on that ground. The ori-
! ginal bill which went from the Senate received the
careful examination of a committee, underwent a
lengthy discussion in the Senate, and was adopted
