1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
Mr. IIUGIIES, (interrupting.) I will say to
the gentleman that t made no such remark. I
said that if the existence of " Hards" and "Softs"
had been left upon that question alone, no other
issues being brought in, then, in such case, it would
have taken the fife and the drum to collect the
ii Hards" together.
Mr. WHEELER- That is about the same
thing.
Mr. HUGHES. I did not speak of the next
election, or of any election.
Mr. WHEELER. Taking the gentleman as
he says, yet prophecy does not always turn
out to be history, and it may be so with the pre-
diction of my colleague. We are to have a
State election in New York in November next,
and the National Democrats will not fail to have
their ticket in the field. That the Whig party will
make their nomination no one doubts; and if the
Free-Soilers, with or without the cooperation of
this Administration, dare to put forth their candi-
dates, the result will show where the strength of
the Democratic party of New York lies. I shall
not aim to vie with my colleague in the character
of a prophet, but will leave the result to show
whether we have four votes to their one, or not.
Now, Mr. Chairman, this slur is worthy of
being cast by one who boasts that he voted for
Van Buren and Adams, and under like circum-
stances would do it again. This impertinent as-
sault could only come from one who hides himself
and his duty to the country behind the burly forms
of his constituency. Sir, let me say to that gen-
tleman that very possibly the hour of his reckon-
ing is coming—nay, is close at hand—when that
life and drum will be used for the legitimate pur-
pose of drumming from the ranks, to a certain no-
torious tune, these camp-followers and peculiar
friends of the Administration—those who make
bargains to break them. Such men, stripped of
their borrowed plumage, will hereafter go forth
bearing the brand of the letter " D," as an evi-
dence of their second political apostacy.
Now, sir, I desire to trace the progress of this
Administration from its inauguration into power
up to this present time, and see if it has not
proved faithless to the trust the Democracy of the
country reposed in it. I recollect with gratifica-
tion the inaugural of General Pierce. The doc-
trines it contains commend themselves totheheart
of every patriot. But, sir, it is one thing to preach
and quite another to practice. The "Union was
to be preserved inviolate;" and how has it been
doner By the appointment of men to the Cab-
inet who fought the battle of the Union and the
Constitution ? By the choice of men who all then-
lives long had labored for the success of Dem-
ocratic principles? No—no, sir. The national
men of the party have been overslaughed, and a
man made the chief adviser of the President who
for a quarter of a century warred against the Dem-
ocratic party. They have taken to their busoms
and confidence men who possess to such an extent
the elements of fanaticism—ruthless and merci-
less—that they would strike down the Constitu-
tion and sing peans of rejoicing over a torn and
dismembeiecl Union. Can the tongue be silent
when the eye witnesses such outrages committed
in the honored name of Democracy ?
"The Union was to be preserved inviolate,"
and how ? By resting upon the strong arm of that
JefiTersonian creed that despised alliance with trai-
tors ? No, sir; that was too antiquated—too old
fogyish. in cu'der to preserve inviolate the Union,
it was thought necessary to bargain and huckster
with the Free-Soilers of IS4S—with/cm? exceptions
men of no consistency, of no principle, and whose
capacious maw can digest all the spoils a treach-
erous Administration ran cram it with, and then
impudently ask for more. But, sir, not only was
the Union <o be preserved inviolate, but the rights
of the Scales to lie held sacred. How within
pledge carried out? Go to my own State, and ask
the one hundred thousand honest, principle-loving,
National Demociats what they were lighting for in
November last, and they will tell you that they
were resisting the encroachments of the Federal
Executive; and they did it successfully. _ They
fought, Mr. Chairman, for the rights oftheir State
against the impudent and tyrannical power or an
Administration that had shamr-h's^ly coalesced with
the enemies of the Constitution, and sent its own
officers heading bands of hired ruffians to a conven-
tion of the people to speak by authority. I say
bands of hired ruffians, armed, and of the most
desperate character, led on by two officers of the
Federal Government, who overawed and con-
trolled its action; and when my " Soft" colleague
[Mr. Westbrook] made the assertion that this
was incorrect, he was guilty, eitherignorantly or
willfully, of misrepresentation.
Go to Massachusetts, and ask the cause of the
indignation of the people of that State, and they
will tell you that a Cabinet officer spoke through
the trumpet of the President, and threatened Dem-
ocrats with a •' crushing out," if they dared to do
that which this Administration has been doing
ever since it came into power—coalescing with
Free-Soilers. And how did they receive the mes-
sage? They looked upon it as a direct interfer-
ence in the rights of their State, and hurled back
with indignation the letter of the Attorney Gen-
eral, preferring, if they were to be lectured at all,
to .have a fattier of the party do it, and not an
apostate from the Wing faith; to have a man
whose skirts svere clean, and not one who owed
all the positions he ever held in the Democratic
party to {he success of coalitions. And why, sir,
was this same letter, to which I allude, telegraphed
by a Whig—who boasts of it—to the State of
Mississippi, on the eve of an important election,
long before it was sent to Massachusetts? Who
paid the expense of telegraphing this long letter to
that State. This Whig has assured me, repeat-
edly, that the bill was sent to the office of the Union,
the organ of the Executive, and there promptly
paid. Why was it done? Why could not the
Administration refrain from meddling in the elec-
tion of a sovereign State? Alas ! who would have
thought that the rights of the States would be thus
outraged?
But not only was the Union to be preserved in-
violate, and the rights of the States held sacred,
but every citizen was to walk forth free and un-
trammeled, m all the majesty of freedom. How
was this pledge fulfilled? Why, sir, they ap-
pointed Greene C. Bronson collector of New York
without his solicitation, and because he would not
submit to the airogaut dictation of those who were
seeking to lower him in the estimation of all hon-
est men, he was dismissed; but not until he had
left on record a correspondence as imperishahle as
it is ennobling; that reflects credit upon his head
and heart; that adds to the sum total of our coun-
try's honor, while it administers a scathing rebuke
to a Cabinet despotism that seeks to make tools
out of men who are infinitely their superiors.
Again, sir. During the last election m New
York how were the citizens in the employ of the
Government treated? Were they left free and
untrammeled? No, sir. They were made'—that's
the word, made—to contribute funds to support
the c< Fiee-Soil ticket," and in case of refusal were
threatened with dismissal. Many of these em-
ployees hud large families, and not liking the
cheerless prospect of being unprovided through [j
the corning winter, were forced to yield. Others !|
refused, and would not give. They are still m ■:
office, but expect to be removed, now that the con-
firmation of Mr. Redfield has been effected. Is
this protection to citizens in the just exercise of
opinions? Are men, previous to taking position ,
under the Government, to forego all right of j
thought or expression? If so, then Democracy is ;
only another name for slavery—slavery the most j
abject and intolerable. j
Now, sir, I am not only speaking to members j
of this House, I am speaking to the people of the j
country. I know not whether the committee will i
agree with me in what I have said, but I l.now the ■
people do, because they have experienced the
crushing hand of the A dministration in the manner !
to wh ch I have alluded. They know that the j
doctrines promulgated m the inaugural have been
discarded; they know the promise has only been '
kept to the ear, and they are now asking, Why
has the plighted faith been violated; why has the ^
President coalesced with Free-Soilers? Why has
the sovereignty of the States been invaded ? Why ,
have citizens been trammeled m the just exeicise
of their rights ? Why were the compromise meas-
ures repudiated, and their friends tauntingly told
" that thev never had the strength to electa Pres-
ident.'" Sir, 1 do not believe the Baltimore plat-
form was a swindle. The people do not believe
it. There was no acquiescence; u was an uncon-
ditional approval. Everywhere thoughout the
land the people are rising up and declaring the
assertion false, that General Pierce was not elected
solely on the strength of the compromises. We
were not cheated; we were not swindled. Gen-
eral Pierce was not whirled into power upon a
delusion—it was a living, breathing, soul-stirring
reality. The Constitution and its compromises,
was the battle-cry; the Constitution and its com-
promises was the stake; the Constitution and its
compromises was the consummation of the most
overwhelming victory in the annals of politics.
Sir, the " Hards" of New York claim that victory
as theirs; they claim it as the original and stead-
fast friends of those measures; they claim it as
men wl\o have done their whole duty to their
country; they claim it as men who, in all time to
come, will do their whole duty to their country.
Sir, one word m conclusion. I was astonished
to hear the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith]
apply a test to the " Hards" of New York—a test
of their Democracy. Sir, they need no testing.
When the Constitution was in danger they stood
by it; and if it is about to be endangered again,
they will standby it. Heasks whatmstheNew
Yoik Hards want, if it is not the sympathy of the
once chivalrous South. Let me tell him they de-
spise sympathy—they want acts. They.want the
South to be true to the Constitution and State-
Rights, and not to be blinded with office and Ex-
ecutive promises, so that they seemingly forget
that there is a Constitution, and that there is still
a principle left called State-Rights. They want
them to have honor enough left not to deliberately
stifle investigation into the acts of a treacherous
Executive, who has proved recreant to the great
principles upon which he was carried into power.
True, sir, the Hards have been mocked at, and
spit upon by the Administration-—that they have
been denounced as disorganizes and mischief-
makers—that they have been called place-hunters.
The Executive has endeavored to drive us outside
the pale of the party; ail that envy or malicecom-
bined could heap upon us has been our portion;
and yet they are now begging—begging the Hards
on this floor for their votes to aid in the passage of
the Nebraska bill. Where are their allies—the
Free-Soilers? Certainly they will not desert the
Administration in this, its hour of dire extremity
Sir, there is a story told somewhere of a dis-
tinguished British officer, who, during the Revolu-
tion, paid a visit to a lady in Charleston. They
were walking in the garden, when the officer
called her attention to a beautiful flower, at the
same time asking, u what is it called?" She re-
plied, M it is called the rebel flower." " And
why?" said he. 11 Because," was the answer,
"the more it is trodden on, the more it flourishes."
Now, sir, there may be a moral in this, when ap-
plied to the " crushing-out " policy of the Ad-
ministration.
Mr. FENTON next followed, in reply to the
speech made Rome time since by Mr. Smith, of
Virginia. He denied the right of that gentleman
to preset ibe a test for members on this floor, and
if the Nebraska bill should be presented as that
test, the gentleman would find Softs springing up
all over the North. Mr. F. then gave his views
on the Nebraska bill, and earnestly opnosed the
repeal of the Missouri compromise of 1820.
[The speech will be found in'the Appendix.]
Mr.BOYCEnextobtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. ROBBINS, who moved that the committee
do now rise.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chairman
reported that the Committee of the Whole on toe
state of the Union had had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House b'll (No. 37) "to encourage agriculture,
commerce, and manufactures, ' and had come to
no resolution therean.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw the motion for a moment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw it.
DEFICIENCY BILLS.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Perhaps it may be
the pleasure of the Hf<use, before u adjourns, to
adopt the suggestion made bv me this morning in
relation to the Committee of Ways and Means,
