430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
and allow the-bills which they have brought for-
waid to be referred and printed, so that the matter
may be in possession of the House.
[Cries of "Agreed !" 41 Agreed !"]
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the gentleman should make the re-
port ?
Many Voices. " Yes !" " Yes !"
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE then reported from
the Committee of Ways and Means " A hill to
supply the deficiency in the appropriations for the
services of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1854;"
■which was read a first and second time by its
title.
The SPEAKER. The hill will be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, unless objected to.
Mr. WALSH, i object.
The question was then put to the House, and
carried in the affirmative; and the bill way referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALSH. Was it in order for the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to make a report at
this time?
The SPEAKER. It was in order, by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. WALSH. I certainly made objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
objection, or he certainly would have been gov-
erned by it.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. t wish to report an-
other bill from the Committee of Ways and
Means, being a hill to provide for the completion
of certain custom-houses and marine hospitals
therein mentioned.
Mr. HAMILTON". I object to its introduction.
Mr. BRECK1N Ri DGE. I hope that the House
will allow the bill to go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union,
The SPEAKER. The precise bill which the
House agreed, by unanimous consent, should be
reported, was the deficiency bill. The Chair must
enforce the rules if any gentleman objects. Does
the gentleman from Maryland withdraw his ob-
jection ?
Mr. HAMILTON. I am opposed to that bill,
and i will take every legal advantage to defeat it.
J do not withdraw my objection.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to be heard one moment
upon this question of order, if the House will in-
dulge me. The request, sir, that whs made by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge,]
was one that he was authorized and directed to
make by the Committee of Ways and Means, and
it was that he might report these bills together.
The committee were unwilling that the subject
should be opened or submitted to the House unless
the bills were received in that way. They felt
desirous that these bills should he placed before
the House for its judgment and deliberation, and
they thought that wise and consistent legislation
required that the subjects should be kept separate,
so that the [louse might fairly understand the
measures before them, and be unembarrassed by
having measures connected which the votes of the
House heretofore may be said to indicate it wishes
to consider and vote upon separately. I hope that
the matter may come before the House as it was
proposed by the committee, and then the House
may make such disposition of it as they see fit.
Any other course would be getting from the com-
mittee what it. has never mtended or determined
to give.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will state,unless I
have forgotten what I did say, that I asked the
consent of the House to report bills from the
Committee of Ways and Means; and if reference
wan had to my remarks 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the gentleman from Kentucky arose in 1ms place
and stated to the House that he desired to make a
report of the deficiency bill. What the purpose
of fhe gentleman from Kentucky was it is impos-
sible for the Chair to understand.
Mr. PRATT. I think that the Chair must be
mistaken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that he
cannot be mistaken as to the language used by
the gentleman from Kentucky. By unanimous
consent the report submitting the deficiency bill
•was made. The gentleman from Kentucky pio-
poses now to report another and a different bill;
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Hamil-
ton] makes objection. It is not in the power of
the Chair to control the matter. It is certainly
not in order for the gentleman from Kentucky to
report the bill which he desires now to submit,
unless the objection be withdrawn.
Mr. HAVEN. Perhaps 1 may be allowed to say,
that I do not doubt that the Chair states correctly
what he understood the gentleman from Kentucky
to say, but I desire also to say that 1 feel it my
duty to announce to the House that these two bills
were reported together by theCommittee of Ways
and Means, and that it was the understanding of
that committee that they should go together to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and that one should not be repoited unless the
other was at the same time reported, that the
House might exercise its sound judgment upon
them.
Mr. HUNT. It seems to me that if this matter
was distinctly understood, there would be no dif-
ficulty with respect to it. I hope the gentleman
from Maryland will withdraw his objection, and
allow this bill to go along with the other to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York appeal from the decision of the Chaii ?
Mr. HAVEN. I do not; but { desire to call the
attention of the Chair, and of the House, to the cir-
cumstances under which these bills were reported.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no doubt as
to what was the intention of the Committee of
Ways and Means. He does not doubt that the
two bills were designed to be reported together; j
but he is greatly mistaken if the gentleman from i
Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge] so stated when he ;
asked the consent of the House. I
Mr. HAVEN. J will not appeal from the !
decision of the Chair; but while I am upon the I
floor, in order to set the Committee of Ways and I
Means ri^ht, duty requires that 1 should move to J
reconsider thevote by which the first bill reported ^
to the House was referred to theCommittee of'
the Whole on the state of the Union, it is the '
only method by which I can place that committee
where it placed itself, and desires to stand.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I have but one re-
mark to make. 1 have just told the House for
what I thought I had asked their consent. The
Chair understood me differently. I find, however,
that gentlemen around me have the same recol-
lection as myself, that I asked the consent of the
House to report bills from the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will allow
the Chair to say that if he has misstated the re-
quest of his colleague from Kentucky, he will be
very happy to be corrected in his recollection by
the House; but he has stated, and now repeats |
that it is his recollection, that the gentleman rose in
his place and asked the unanimous consent of the
House to report a deficiency bill. The consent
of the House was given, and the report was made;
and the Chair must say, m all candor, that he does
not recollect'any oth^r remark made by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. There need be no diffi-
culty, however, in reference to the matter.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will the Chair allow me
to make a single remark ? I
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn- ;
sylvania will remember that the gentleman from I
New York [Mi. Haven] has submitted a motion j
to reconsider the vote by which the bill reported I
by the gentleman from Kentucky was refeired to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the ,
Union, and has the floor upon that question. ;
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, I have no doubt that |
the gentleman from New York will allow me to j
ask him a single question. \
Mr. HAVEN. If the gentleman simply desires f
to make an inquiry, I will yield him the floor. !
Mr. FLORENCE. I only desire it for that j
purpose. i
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I ask the gentleman ]
from Pennsylvania and the gentleman from New i
York to allow me to say, as 1 feel a little sensitive I
upon this point, and as the recollection of the i
Chair is different from mine, that there are other [
gentlemen around me whose recollection agrees i
with mine; and, not only this, but I am informed j
by a fnend that the reporter who took down my :
language at the time says I was correct. j
Mr. HUNT, (Mr. Florence yielding the j
floor.) In justice to the Chair, I will say that I !
understood the gentleman from Kentucky as the '
Chair has stated; but nevertheless, it is no matter
whether he has made such a mistake or not. Gen-
tlemen are all agreed that theie should be a refer-
ence of these two billf, as the report of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. Let us then make
that reference, and adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from New York a single question, and will
occupy the time of the House but a moment. I
wish to ask him why these two bills have been
separated, and whether that separation was made
by the order of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and has received their sanction?
While upon the floor, I may be permitted to
say, that in the confusion incident to the motion
to adjourn—I say "incident to," because such a
motion always creates confusion in this House—
I understood the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Breckinridge] distinctly to say that he desired
to make a report from the Committee cf Wavs
and Means. Well, I certainly concluded that fie
had the unanimous consent of the House to make
a report of one, two, three, or four bills. The re-
port is a unit in itself, so far as the privilege is
concerned, and I apprehend that the gentleman
has a right to report two or three bills. I ask the
gentleman from New York whether both of these
bills have received the assent of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and if so, why they are sepa-
rated ?
Mr. HAVEN. I would not trouble the House
to listen to me while I answered all the questions
put to me by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no objection to the
reporting of these bills, as is known to the House.
Mr.- HAVEN. Let me state briefly, in an-
swer to the fiist interrogatory, why the bills were
separated. The committee think*it is proper that
limitations and restrictions should be put upon
appropriations for custom-houses and marine hos-
pitals. The committee thought that that course
was wise. I, for one, thought so, and I think
the whole committee thought so too. I so indi-
cated my opinion to the House some days since,
whilst the former deficiency bill was under con-
sideration.
I will add, sir, that the Committee of Ways
and Means have been censured from all parts of
the House, heretofore, for not regarding the es i-
mates from the Treasury, and for not divining in
advance what the wishes and sense of the House
were on these subjects, and for not reporting their
bills beforehand, as the Houseafterwardsdeterm-
ined it wanted them. Now, sir, the committee
desired to report both these bills to the House,
because the disputed or contested items contained
in both of them have received the deliberate sanc-
tion of the House, on the yeas and nays.
The committee therefoie determined that whilst
doing justice to the House, and to the business
they were transacting, they would reflect the
sense of the House in these two bills, and let the
House complain of itself, and not of the Commit-
tee of Ways Hid Means, if it was dissatisfied.
The committee desired to reflect back, as far as they
could, the deliberate acts and opinions of the
House; they felt that would be consistent for the
committee, and they knew the House would
hereafter remain m its action consistent with what
it has done heretofore on this subject. That is
the reason why the bills have been reported, and
in the shape in which they are reported, so far as
I am concerned.
Mr. ORR. { desire to make-a suggestion to
the gentleman from New York. I understand that
he moves to reconsider the vote by which the de-
ficiency bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. Is that his
motion?
Mr. HAVEN. It is.
The SPEAKER. That is the motion.
Mr. ORR. Then I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman what he will accomplish by the reconsid-
eration of that vote? The bill is already in the
possession of the House. I regret that the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Hamilton] persists in
his objection to allowing the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to report the second hill; but it seems to me
that the gentleman from New York will not ac-
complish the purpose he has in view, even if his
motion "to recon&idei pi evails.
The Committee of Ways and Means, if the
gentleman will pardon another remark, will, in all
probability, be called for reports to-morrow, during
