1998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
on mature deliberation; but this amendment is
sprung upon us, and it proposes to give to another
company a great deal more extended privileges
than the bill originally proposed to give to the
other company.
Mr. BROWN. This bill is taking up all tKe
morning hour. We have very little time to de-
bate a bill of this sort, and, therefore, I move that
it lie on the table.
Mr. TOUCEY. I hope the motion to lay the
bill upon the table will not be agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. We cannot get a vote upon
the bill. If the Senate would consent to come to
a vote, I would withdraw my motion; but really
we ought not to consume the time with its dis-
cussion.
Mr. BADGER. In effect it would only be
postponing the bill to the next session. We have
no time to consider it now.
Mr. PRATT called for the yeas and nays on
the motion, and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Boll,
Benjamin, Brown, Cass, Chase, Pearce, Pratt, Rockwell,
Sliileil, and Stuart—14.
NAYS— Messrs. Bright, Butler, Cooper, Dawson, Dodge
of WU-cousiu, Dodge of Iowa. Evans, Fessenden, Pish,
Fiizpatrick, Gt'yer, Gillette. Hunter, Johnson, Jones of
Tennessee, Mason, Morton, Norris, Rusk. Sebastian, Sew-
ard, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Toueey,
Wade, Walker, and Weller—28.
So the motion to lie on the table was rejected.
Mr. MASON. I wish to say a single word in
reference to the State of Virginia, which I repre-
sent here. My impressions are favorable to the
railroads proposed to be benefited. Both propo-
sitions are that this road shall be done by private
companies, and by those companies alone; and
my.disposition would be, wherever the public in-
terest would admit it, to give to those companies
the largest liberty to construct ways for the pub-
lic convenience. But I do not know how far the
interest of the State which I represent may be
affected by terminating the railroad at the point
proposed b.y the amendment, t shall, therefore,
vote against the amendment, with the knowledge,
that although the Baltimore and Ohio company
has been operating their road for twenty years,
this plan did not occur to them until an apparent
rival interest started up in Virginia to make a rail-
road to cross the Potomac at a different point. I
shall therefore vote against the amendment.
Mr. TOUCEY. X am opposed to this amend-
ment in toto. 1 am in favor of the legislation
which has already taken place on the part of the
Senate. 1 think it is due to the people of this Dis-
trict, both the inhabitants of Washington and the
inhabitants of Georgetown, that the Senate should
adhere to the bill as they passed it before. I ask
a moment's attention. After we had provided
that there should be a railroad from Alexandra
by way of Georgetown, without interfering with
the navigation of the river, to connect with the
Baltimore road at this depot, the Baltimore and
Ohio company steps in and proposes to extend a
branch to the east of this Capitol, opposite to
Alexandria, by which they will have the power
of carryitig all the freight and all the passengers
down to a point upon the Potomac, opposite Alex-
andria, and thus break up the legislation which
was intended by the Senate, and which was in-
tended in Virginia. I hold that it is due to the
people of this District, as well as to the people of
Virginia, that the railroad from Alexandria, by
way of Georgetown to the depot in this city,
should be carried out, and that we should not in-
corporate into the bill an amendment that will de-
feat it.
Sir, I am in favor of that road for two or three
considerations. In the first place, it is the shortest
way, and by the route which is proposed by the
bill as it passed the Senate, passengers can come
from Alexandria to the depot in a shorter time than
they can by any other way, because they are not
interrupted by the passage of any ferry which re-
quires slow movement. According to the cele-
brated engineer whose report has been laid on our
tables, it is the shortest route in point of time. In
the second place, it is due to the citizens of George-
town. They are entitled to the accommodation
of this road Cars passing through to the south
by way of Georgetown can take passage there,
and can connect with the northern roads by that
route in less time than by any other, according to
the report of the engineer. I am also in favor of
it, because I desire to get rid of any obstruction
in the river below Georgetown. Whether there
will be a bridge actoss that river m any place,
either below or here, whether it will ultimately
lead to one or not, 1 do not know. I say I am
utterly opposed to it. I think it is due to the citi-
zens of Georgetown that the river should be kept
open. I am opposed to closing up these great
channels of communication which the God of na-
ture has opened. I say they have a right to have
the channel kept open, and not have it obstructed.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask the Senator from Con-
necticut whether the amendment provides for a
bridge across the Potomac?
Mr. TOUCEY. It does not; but!suggest that
it will probably lead to a bridge there.
Mr. COOPER. If the Senator from Connecti-
cut will allow me, 1 will state a fact that will for-
tify his views. The bill, as it passed the Senate,
I am told by an authority that I will vouch for,
was satisfactory to the Councils both of Washing-
ton and Georgetown, and they are opposed to the
amendment.
Mr. TOUCEY. I have the same information.
I understand that the bill, as it passed the Senate,
is satisfactory to the inhabitants of Georgetown
and Washirigton, and I say that we, the exclusive
Legislature of this District, are bound to look to the
interests of our constituents, the inhabitants in the
District; and I am unwilling to allow this company,
that already has a road in the North, to step m
merely for the purpose of interrupting the com-
munication that is proposed in that bill. I consider
the bill, which has already passed the Senate, as
the only means that will ever clear out the obstruc-
tions of this river, and give to the citizens of
Georgetown their rights—their equitable rights;
and it will relieve the inhabitants of Washington
from the obstruction in the river that already ex-
ists, and which, in my judgement, and I think in
the judgment of every prudent man, is prejudicial
to the health of the city. I say that upon every
consideration we ought to oppose this amendment
and adhere to the bill as it passed the Senate, and
the House of Representatives will probably ap-
prove of it.
Mr. DAWSON. It is a great mistake on the
part of the Senator from Connecticut to suppose
that the city of Georgetown alone is interested in
this matter.
Mr. TOUCEY. I do not suppose it.
Mr. DAWSON. They have scarcely any in-
terest in it at all. Here is a disconnection from
the Baltimore arid Ohio railroad depot to Alexan-
dria. The question is, how we shall make up
that want of connection. A proposition came
before this body asking us to sanction the laying
of a road across the Long Bridge to connect with
the Baltimore depot. The city of Georgetown
interposed, and said that it would lead to the per-
manent location of the Long Bridge, and thereby
damage the navigation of the river, and increase
sickness in the city of Georgetown, and be a gross
detriment to it. Then, without any application or
investigation, we granted the right to a railroad
upon the opposite bank, on the Virginia side, to
above the heights of Georgetown, and around the
heights to the railroad depot for Baltimore. Now,
sir, look at that route, and I beg any southern
man to look at it, and say whether we are going
to submit ourselves to such an inconvenience?
When you get here to start down South, directly
in an opposite direction you turn North, and go
around the heights of Georgetown for four miles to
go to 'Alexandria. That was done by way of an
amendment to the bill, which passed to carry us
directly over the Long Bridge.
When the bill was before us on a former occa-
sia, Mr. President, f told you that the southern
i railroad and the northern railroad companies were
j all exceedingly anxious to close up this discon-
nection. After this arrangement is made to carry
a road around Georgetown and across the river
above the Falls, the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
claim that they can carry their road directly down
to the southern branch of the Potomac, and then
across to the city of Alexandria, which would be
in a direct line, and four milesshorter, than around
Georgetown. Now, are we not entitled to it?
Where is the objection to it? The Senator from
Connecticut says that it will deprive the company
that is already established of a vested right. Sir, it
has no vested right whatever.
Mr. TOUCEY. 1 did not say so.
Mr. DAWSON. What kind of a road did you
say ?
Mr. TOUCEY. I stated that a company was
already organized in Virginia. They propose to
connect, by the shortest road in point of time, by
way of Georgetown. It is acceptable to the people
of Georgetown and to the people of Washington,
as I understand; and it will close up this gap with-
out needing a ferry, in winter as well as in sum-
mer, to cross the river.
Mr. DAWSON. In the first place, there is no
company incorporated in Virginia to carry the
road up by Georgetown; none at all. They can-
not cut a foot of land there until the Virginia Le-
gislature meets and grants the charter. It is alia
mistake about their having a charter for that. It
has yet to be obtained from the State of Virginia.
Mr. TOUCEY. It has to be modified.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from Georgia is
mistaken. I have a certified copy of the charter
in my hand.
Mr. DAWSON. To where does it give the
company the right to run the road ?
Mr. PRATT. To the Long Bridge.
Mr. BRIGHT. Not at all. I will read from
the charter, of which I have a certified fopy.
"Then from the city of Alexandria, in the State of Vir-
ginia, to the city of Washington, in the District of Colum-
bia, crossing tile Potomac at some eligible point between
the two cities."
Mr. DAWSON. Yes, sir, that was intended
to be up to the Long Bridge. Well, now, Mr.
President, what do we propose to do here? We
propose to make two roads, one almost four miles
nearer than the other, down to Alexandria in a
direct southern line. You propose to make one
four miles further by a circuitous route. You say
you want no bridge across the Potomac. We do
not want a bridge across that river. We do not
propose to make any obstruction. We propose
to have a ferry boat there similar to the one on
the Susquehanna, which passes on the great route
to New York. Where is the harm in that? I
cann® see that there is a single ground for oppo-
sitioifl^u, especially when it is desired by all the
compamra north and south. The railroad com-
pany of Maryland has the right to run directly
opposite to Alexandria, and the only thing to be
done is to connect with Alexandria. That will then
give a direct route to the south, and a direct route
to the north. I hope, Mr. President, that for the
convenience of the country, the whole country,
we shall have the opportunity of making a road
on a direct line by a practicable route, arid not be
driven to the necessity of going around the hills
of Georgetown. It is important to the South, and
important to the traveling interest.
Mr. RUSK. I desire to ask the Senator a
question. He says the distance is four miles
greater by way of Georgetown. How far could
he travel on a railroad during the time it would
take him to change from the cars to the ferry boat
and cross the river?
Mr. DAWSON. I cannot state anything in
relation to that. I do not know even the practi-
cability of the route. I do not know whether a
bridge will be built. All I know is this: that a
railroad succeeds best when made in a line to go
direct from point to point; and any temporary
obstruction or passing a water course is no justi-
fication for turning around and going a longer
distance.
Mr. BAYARD. There is one objection to this
amendment, which will render it impossible that
1 should vote for it. The Senate passed a bill
authorizing the Washington and Alexandria Rail-
road Company to construct a railroad between the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad depot, stationed in
this city, and that of the Virginia Railroad Com-
pany, stationed in Alexandria. That bill having
passed the Senate, was sent to the House, and it
comes back with an amendment from the House,
which authorizes the construction of a road for a
similar purpose—a rival road by a different route
between the same points. Now, sir, I have no
evidence that the convenience of the traveling
public requires the construction of two roads,
and I do not believe it would be practicing good
faith or sound legislation to give to these two
companies the privilege of cutting each other's
throats for the purpose of benefiting the traveling
community. I do not think it is proper to give
