1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
the morning hour, when they can submit this
second bill. The two bills, being1 separate, would
have to go on the Calendar, each one taking us
place thereon; and if the committee report the
second bill to-morrow morning, it probably will
not be placed on the Calendar below the position
it would have occupied if the gentleman from
Kentucky had been allowed to report it this even-
ing. I woo Id therefore suggest to the gentleman
from New York that he should not press his mo-
tion to reconsider, inasmuch as nothing can be
gained by it.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 receive in all kindness, as 1
have no doubt it was intended, the suggestion of
the gentleman from South Carolina; but I .de-
sire to say here, and will repeat while 1 have the
floor, that the Committee of Ways and Means
have been u pitched into " from all quarters in this
House, and, as one of that committee, I am de-
termined that this House shall quarrel with itself,
and not with the committee, in reference to these
bids. I will not, for one, consent that the report
of the committee shall be divided. It came in
here united in reference lo these bills, and I ask
that they may be reported together, as the com-
mittee intended to have them reported,or that the
House let us have them back under our control.
Mr. CLING MAN. By the permission of the
gentleman from New York, I would suggest a
point of order to the Chair. A difficulty 8nses
in determining what was the extent of the leave
which the House granted to the gentleman from
Kentucky—whether it was to submit a report
embracing two bills, or only a single bill, i sub-
mit to the Chair that the House is the proper
judge of the extent to which it went in that leave,
ami that the Chair may properly refer it to the
'House to say—each member voting according to
his own understanding—what was the extent of
the leave given to the gentleman. Then, if a
majority hold that permission was given to the
gentleman to make a report embracing two bills,
he can report the second bill. It seems to me
that the Speaker'would be right in submitting the
question to the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be very
happy to give the subject that direction, and leave
it to the House to determine what it was that it
intended to do.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. Then 1 hope the Chair
will state the question in that wav.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
man permit me to interrupt him to make a re-
mark ?
Mr. HAVEN yielded the floor for that pur-
pose.
Mr. JONES. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from New York, who holds the floor, I
will state that 1 was not in my seat when the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge] made
his request, and consequently I cannot determine
what his exact language was. But I think it is
immaterial what it was. All whom I have heard
speak of it—the Chair included—agree that he
stated he wished to make a report from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means as to the bill or bills
supplying the deficiencies in the appropriation of
the current year. Then, sir, all the items m these
bills have been heretofore before the House, and
have been voted in as deficiencies. The most of
them, if not every one of them, seem to be for
custom-houses, asking for deficiencies; and if all
of them had been in theone biH, theie would have
been but one report. In my opinion, there is but
the one report made by the committee at the same
time; and whatever may have been the phraseology
employed by the gentleman from Kentucky, it
spems to me that, from the nature of the case,
and from the position of the two bills, and from
what wasted by the committee when they author-
ized the report to be made, that they included both
of these lulls which they proposed to report. One
bill comes as much under the force of thisiequest
to repot f the deficiency bill as the other.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Let the House determine
whether they gave leave or not, as they under-
stood it. They can vote just as they understood
the matter at the time. I think that is a fairway
of settling the difficulty.
Mr. PRESTON made some remarks, which,
owmg to the confusion m the Hall, were too indis-
tinctly heard to be reported, maintaining that the
Committee of Ways and Means had, by the votes
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and on yeas and nays in the House, been
fully instructed as to what should be reported in
the bills now the subject of controversy. lie saw
no reason why both*bills should not be received,
referred,and printed. His recollection coincided
with that of the gentleman fiom Kentucky [Mr.
Breckinridge] as to the extent of the request
made to the House, and to which unanimous con-
sent was accorded. He [Mr. Preston] was forti-
fied inhisrecollection by thpgentlemen around him.
He therefore thought that the matter was perfectly
plain and trusted that, withoutdiscussion, the sense
of the House would be taken, as proposed by the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,]
as to whether the House should permit the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to make an uncondi-
tional report instead of a contingent one.
Mr. HAVEN still retaining the floor.
Mr. KE1TT. Will the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Haven] yield to me for a moment ?
Mr. HAVEN. With pleasure.
Mr. KEITT. I merely desire to state a point
of order in relation to this matter.
Mr. HAVEN. That you could have done
without my consent.
Mr. KEITT. 1 agree with the remarks made
by the Chair; and yet 1 have not a particle of ob-
jection to the introduction of those bills by the
gentleman from Kentucky. Indeed, 1 should be
j glad to have them introduced. But I submit a
point of order, whether or not they can be re-
ceived by this House. These bills can only be
introduced by unanimous consent. This being
| the case, can a majority now, by indirection, ac-
' comphsh the same purpose? If there be a single
individual m she Hon.se voting against it, I submit
that it is but fair to him to give him the exercise
of those rights with which he is invested by par-
liamentary rule. This bill, therefore, I submit,
j cannot be mtmduced, unless by the unanimous
| consent of the House.
Mr. HUNT. Tlie difficulty can be remedied
! in this way. This is a part of the deficiency bill;
a part of the one report; and in this way a ma-
1 jontycan agree to leceive the report under the
, leave otiginally granted; or the House may grant
1 leave on motion.
j Mr. HAVEN still retaining the floor,
j Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman
, from New Yoik permit me to make a suggestion?
! Mr. HAVEN. Of course, with pleasure.
! Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman has
moved to reconsider the vote by which the bill
I making appropriation for the deficiencies has been
' referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
; state of the Union. If the House adjourns now,
■ the Committee of Ways and Means can report
. the other bill m the morning. Then the gentle-
, man can withdraw the motion to reconsider, and
the bills will go together upon the Calendar to the
Committee of the Whole, and the object sought
will be accomplished. I do not see how the gen-
i tleman can get at it, unless in some such way.
i The SPEAKER. The Chair states that he has
; no recollection at all of any intimation from the
: gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Grcckinridcc]
j that there were two bills to be reported. Hisrec-
, oliection is that the gentleman from Kentucky
j rose and asked the unanimous consent of the
1 House to allow iiim to introduce a deficiency'bill.
i The gentleman from Kentucky thinks that the rec-
} oliection of the Chair is incorrect. Other gentle-
' man, too, think the Chair misreme&nbered the pre-
| cisc request made by the gentleman, and gianted
j to him by the House.
I The Chair would be happy, as far as the mere
■ point of recollection is concerned, if the House
would take that matter in then- own hands. If
I confined to the rules, the Chair must decide that
! the objection made by the gentleman from Mary-
. land [Mr. Hamilton] to the introduction of the
' second bill, is conclusive m regaid to it, and that
it, cannot be introduced. The Chair hopes the
. House will determine what they agreed, by unan-
imous consent, should be introduced by the gen-
' tleman.
; Mr. HAVEN. 1 hope it will do so.
i Mr. WALSH. With the consent of the gen-
1 tleman from 
• The SPEAKER. The Chair only asks the
. House to relieve the Chair.
j Mr. WALSH. I remarked to the Chair that
. I objected to the introduction of the first bill.
I The SPEAKER. Very true.
Mr. WALSH. The Chair said he did not
hear the objection. Now my objection stands
good, if this one does.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
objection made by the gentleman from Maryland
must stand, according to the rules.
Mr. HAVEN. One word more. The House
is very liable to get fatigued in these operations,
and to grow uneasy and weary. I hope it will
pardon me. But! have no objection to proceed-
ing with this matter to-night, as long as I can keep
myself in such a position that the Committee of
Ways and Means, of which I am a member, shall
not be made, by the hasty action of the Houge
here, and by the misunderstanding of the Chair,
to do a thing which they have not intended to do.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say in reply
to that that the gentleman from Kentucky should
have been more explicit.
Mr. HAVEN". \ remarked that 1 didnotdoubt
that the Chair stated truly what he understood to
be the proposition of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. I therefore feel bound to insist upon my
motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was referred, and on that motion I demand the
previous question.
Mr, DEAN. I move that the House do now
adjou*^.
The question was put; and, upon a division,
there svere—aves 34, noes 55; no quorum voting.
Mr. GOODRICH. I would inquire whether it
is in order to take an appeal from the decision of
the Chair?
Mr. HENDRtCKS. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentlemarurise to
a question of order?
Mr. HENDRICKS. T do. Can any business
be done by this House when there is not a quorum
present ?
The SPEAKER. There cannot.
Mr, HENDRICKS. Then 1 object to all busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ascertain
whether there is a quorum present.
The Chair then proceeded to count the House,
and announced that there were ninety-three gen-
tlemen present.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that the Housg
adjourn.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 desire to inquire of the Chair
what the condition of this matter will be if the
House should  d]ourn now?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Yoik [Mr. Haven] will be at liberty to call up
his motion to reconsider the first thing to-morrow
unless it interferes with some previous motions of
the like character.
Mr. ORR. I would suggest to the gentleman
from New York that he had better withdraw the
demand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. A motion to reconsider is a
privileged question. There are now one or two
motions to reconsider entered upon the Clerk's
Journal, which will take tlie precedence of that
made by the gentleman from New York,
j Mr HAVEN. Underthe decision made by the
' Chair, and relying, as I believe 1 may, upon the
1 desire of the House to see justice done, at least in
i one instance, to the Committee of Ways and
■ Means, when they ask for it, I withdraw my call
i for the previous question, and move that the
House do now adjourn.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Haven's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, rn.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 36, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr WELLERpresented thememorial of Lewis
Warrington, jr., purser in the United StatesNavy,
praying to be allowed the difference between the
pay of a purser of a frigate and that, of a first-class
|( steam-frigate, while thus employed on boajd the
I steamship Mississippi; which was lefeuedtothe
Committee on N&vol Affairs.
Mr. JAMES presented the memorial of the
heirs-at-law of Captain W. H. Allen, late of the
United States Navy, praying Congress to grant
