2000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29.
on the 19th of April, 1836, and to pay him eight
dollars per day, deducting any amount which he
may have heretofore received.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time,-and passed.
WILLIAM G. SMITH.
House bill for the relief of William G. Smith
■was read twice by its title.
Mr. JAMES. I aslt for the passage of that
bill now.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to consider
the bill as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to require the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay $500 to William G. Smith for
recapturing a vessel in the war of 1812, together
with a midshipman and four seamen in the British
navy; which persons were delivered to Commo-
dore Perry at Newport, Rhode Island.
No amendment being made, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, ordered to a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
LOUISIANA LAND CLAIMS.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
revive an act, approved March 3, 1823, and an
act approved May 26,1824, supplemental thereto,
in reference to the Rio Hondo claims to land in
Louisiana, was read twice by its title.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the Senate will pro-
ceed to the consideration of that bill now. It
simply extends the time for the investigation of
the claims.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to revive for the space of two years,
from its promulgation, the acts severally approved
March 3, 1823, for the examination of titles to
land in that part of the State of Michigan situated
between the Rio Hondo and Sabine rivers, and
May 26, 1854, and to direct that the register and
receiver at Nacogdoches shall severally receive as
full compensation for the duties required of them
by the acts revived, the sum of fifty dollars, when-
ever they shall have finished the business required
of them, and forwarded their report to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills:
An act for the relief of Lewis E. Simonds; and
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay John Charles Fremont for beef fur-
nished to the California Indians.
Winch were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 ask by general consent that
a private bill reported from the Committee on
Claims, for the relief of Daniel Steenrod, maybe
taken tip. If it gives rise to debate, I will be willing
to let it go over.
Mr. SLIDELL. There are a great number of
bills in precisely a similar situation which haVe
come from the House, and been reported from the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. PETTiT. We had better take up the
whole Private Calendar.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senators have just dis 
posed of one of their own bills.
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senate will proceed
to the consideration of the river and harbor bill.
I believe my motion is pending.
Mr. MASON. I feel it to be my duty agiiin to
ask the Senate to go into Executive session in
?reference to taking up the river and harbor bill.
need not assign the reasons to show that thereis
a pressing necessity for the discharge of Executive
business. The Senate are aware of them. I ap-
prehend we cannot take a vote on this river and
harbor bill. I think there is business of more
importance in Executive session, and I hope, there-
fore, the Senate will not take up the bill, but will
go into Executive session.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am satisfied that time will
be saved by permitting me to take up Senate bill
No. 434 (providing for taking charge of the Lou-
isville anu Portland canal, and to preventthe same
from falling into bad repair,) before we proceed
with the consideration of the river and harbor bill.
It is merely to give to the President power to take
charge of this work until Congress shall legislate
on the subject.
Mr. WALKER. It is in the river and harbor
bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. I know it is; but I wish to
strike it out of the river and harbor bill, and have
it acted upon independently. The bill contains
one section, and I apprehend there will be no ob-
jection to it.
Mr. M ASON. I certainly should object to giv-
ing the President charge of any internal improve-
ment in the world.
Mr. STUART. I wish to press my motion to
take up the river and harbor bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
no control over the Senate. The motion is a de-
batable one.
Mr. STUART. I am aware of that. I hope
the question will be taken.
Mr. Stuart's motion was agreed to; and the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, resumed
the consideration of the bill making appropriations
for the repair, preservation, and completion of
certain public works heretofore commenced under
the authority of law.
Several hours were consumed in the considera-
tion of this bill, and without disposing of it, the
Senate adjourned.
[The debate on the bill will be found in the Ap-
pendix.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, July 29, 1854.
The House met at 11 o'clock,a. m. Prayer by
Rev. Henrt Slicer.
READING OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. STRATTON. I hope that, by unanimous
consent of the House, the reading of the Journal
of yesterday will be dispensed with.
Mr. PECK. I object.
Mr. MILLSON. There never was an occasion
when itwas morenecessary that the Journal should
be read. The House yesterday passed a batch of
bills without ever having the titles of them read.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the Journal.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order is
the proposition to discharge the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads from the further con-
sideration of certain memorials which were sub-
mitted the other day by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Jones,] and to refer them to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of privi-
lege, as to the correction of the Journal. From
my hearing of the Journal as it has been just read,
1 observe that the bill "for the relief of the legal
representatives of Major Caleb Swan, deceased,
is reported as having passed the House yesterday.
That bill could not have passed the House; and
it is necessary that 1 should explain to this body
why it is that it could not have passed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If thegentleman
will permit me, I will explain the matter.
Mr. MILLSON. With pleasure.
Mr. JONES. When we first took up the Private
Calendar yesterday in Committee of the Whole
House, the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Fuller]
proposed to withdraw the objection which he had
made on the preceding Friday to the bill of the
Senate, No. 33—the Swan case. I then objected
to going back, or rather 1 stated that we could not
go back on the Calendar; and it was held by the
chairman ofthe committee that,without unanimous
consent, we could not, and the bill was accordingly
not taken up. We went through the remainder
of the Calendar, commencing where we left off last
week; and, if I recollect aright, after we had gone
through the bills, the gentleman from Maine again
rose and asked to withdraw his objection. To
that request there was no objection, 1 believe.
Mr. MILLSON. That is what I was about to
state to the House; but the gentleman is mistaken
as to the facts. When the gentleman from Maine,
near the close of the session, came forward and
proposed to withdraw his objection to the bill for
the relief of the heirs of Caleb Swan, deceased, I
rose in my place and distinctly said, " I object to
the withdrawal of it." I spoke so loudly, and so
earnestly, perhaps, that several of my colleagues
rushed to me, and insisted that I should not ob-
ject, and that I should withdraw the objection,
which I declined to do. My objection was in-
sisted upon,and I would have objected originally,
if the gentleman from Maine had not done so.
Afterwards, the chairman of a Committee of
the Whole House made a report to the House
without indicating any particular bills, which the
Committee of the Whole had ordered to be laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that they do pass. After the report of
the chairman of the committee was made, the
fentleman from Tennessee made a motion, which
then regarded as somewhat extraordinary, that
the House should concur in the whole report
of the committee, and the bills were then acted
upon, without having the title of any one of them
read. But the consent of the House to the pas-
sage of the bills, reported from the committee,
only applied, of course, to such bills as the com-
mittee Had agreed to recommend. The committee
could not have recommended the passage of a bill
to which 1 objected.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would say, that
he is informed by the Clerk, that his recollection
is very clear that the gentleman from Maine made
two efforts to withdraw his objection, and on the
second occasion, he was allowed to do so by the
unanimous consent of the committee, and so the
Clerk has recorded it.
Mr. MILLSON. It was just before the ad-
journment of the House, for l was here until the
adjournment, and among the last to quit the
Hall. I was near the Clerk's desk, and the
gentleman from Maine came down and desired to
withdraw his objection to a certain bill. I asked
for the title of the bill. It was given, and I then
said I objected. Mycolleague here, [Mr. Faulk-
ner,] and my colleague behind me, [Mr. Smith,]
came up, and urged me to withdraw the objection.
Mr. FAULKNER. I was standing near my
colleague, and heard him object to that bill.
M®, HENDRICKS. I rise to a question of
order. i
The SPEAKER. Tha gentleman from Vir-
ginia is upon the floor upon a question of order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is in reference to the
same question that I desire to say a word. 1 was
going to say that the House can know nothing
in reference to, the action of a Committee of the
Whole House, except what is reported by the
chairman, and what appears upon the Journal;
and I do not think it competent for the House to
correct the Journal in reference to what took place
in committee.
TheSPEAKER. The Chair takes it forgranted,
however, that the House must, in some way or
other, have the power to correct the irregularities
and errors of the Committee of the Whole, But,
in what precise form the case may be reached, the
Chair cannot, at this moment, state.
Mr. FAULKNER. I will say to the House
that I was standing near my colleague when he
objected to the bill for the relief of Caleb Swan's
heirs. I was, at the time, near my colleague. I
heard him make the objection, though not, as I
think, in a very loud voice. I thought, at the
time, that the objection came rather late. In this
I may be mistaken. I immediately commenced
conversation with my colleague, for the purpose
of satisfying him that he was in error in making
the objection. That colloquy between us lasted
for some five or ten minutes.
Mr. MILLSON. I will state that I made the
objection immediately when the gentleman from
Maine proposed to withdraw it. My colleague
from the Fauquier district [Mr. Smith] was near
me at the time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, took the floor.
Mr. ORR. Is the question debatable ?
The SPEAKER. Explanations are in order.
Mr. SMITH. I was going to state that this
particular bill has attracted a good deal of atten-
tion in the House, not on account of-the amount
involved for it seems that is small, but because of
the peculiar hardship of the case. I confess that
having become acquainted with the circumstances
of the case, I participated very strongly in that
feeling, not from the fact of having any personal
or representative interest in it, for I had neither,
but simply as an act of justice.
