1142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
counts of receipts and disbursements for the Post
Office Department, for the year ending 30th June,
1853; which was laid upon the table, und ordered
to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 move, with the
unanimous consent, that the substitute for the |
Nebraska-Kansas bill, offered yesteiday by the
gentleman from Illinois, be ordered to be printed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope that will be
done. The motion is one which 1 myself intended
to submit.
Mr. JONES. I make the motion in pursuance
of the general understanding of the House, yes-
terday, when the reading of the substitute was
dispensed with.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, it
will be so ordered.
There was nonobjection, and the substitute was
ordered to be printed.
$5r. JONES. Now, I would ask that the Sen-
ate bill be also printed. The copies which were
printed have all been exhausted.
There was no objection,and it was so ordered.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from theCommittee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
following titles; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Speaker:
II. R. No. 134. An actfor the relief of Fayette
Mauzy and Robert G. Ward.
H. R. No. 188. An act for the relief of the
heirs of Anthony G. Willis, deceased.
H. R. No. 267. An act for the relief of the
legal repiesentaiives of Captain William Davis,
late commander of the United Suites trmispoit
schooner Eufala.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
js a motion to recommit the following bill: "A bill
granting lands equally to the several States to aid
in the construction of railroads ami for the sup-
port of schools;" and upon that motion the gen-
tleman from Maiyland [Mr. HamiitonJ is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. f move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itsell
into the Committee of the Whole on the stale of
the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair announced that
the gentleman fiom Maryland was entitled to the
floor; if he yields for that purpose, the motion
can be entertained.
Mr. HAMILTON. I would not, by any course
of mine, prevent the disposition of any matter by
the House. I will therefore yield the floor to my
friend from Illinois.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then 1 submit the
motion which 1 have indicated.
The question was taken on Mr. Riciiakdson's
motion; and it wuk agreed to.
NEBRASKA BILL.
The rule were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the stateof theUnion, (Mr. Olds m the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the bill
" to organi/.e the Terutories of Kansas and Ne-
braska. "
Mr. INGERSOLL obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the House during his hour m relation to
the foreign policy of the United States. A report
of his speech will be found m the Appendix.
Mr. ZOLLI COFFER said that the subject of
organizing a territorial government for this Ter-
ritory was introduced in Congress ten years ago.
He would prefer thatour Go\ernmentshould pur-
flue the policy heretofore pursued towaids other
Territoiies, but he was for the principle of this
bill, regaiding the nunn featme to be thr-f proviso
which repeals the Missouri act of 1890. He
claimed for the South equal privileges of rights
and occupancy with other parts of the country m
the Territories. He referred to the history ot the
passage of that law, and, in the course of his re-
marks, said southern men agreed, acquiesced in
it, lor the sake of peace, having been assured that
it was to be as a wall beyond which aggressions
on southern rights were not to extend. If the
compromise had been adhered toby the North, he
should be the last man to disturb it. But the
North, soon after the passage of the law, disse-
garded it. In every question that has ever been
presented, the anti slavery men of the North have
repudiated the binding efficacy of the compromise
of 1820 in the extension of slavery. He further
advocated the bill until the expiration of the hour
to which he was hmitlllin debate. A report of
j his speech will be found 1m the Appendix,
i Mr. ZOLLICOFFER having concluded—
Mr. WALLEY next obtained the floor, and
addressed the House at length in opposition to the
Nebraska and Kansas bill. His speech will be
found ii) the Appendix.
Mr. LATHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. I1E1TT. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts has been interrupted several times m the
couise of his speech, and I trust that he may be
allowed to proceed for ten minutes further.
[Cries ot " Let him go on !" " No, you will
break the rule '"]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no power
to let the gentleman from Massachusetts proceed
beyond the hour allowed hnri under the rule.
Mr. HUNT. 1 hope that the gentleman will
be allowed to proceed, lie was interrupted, it
appears to me, by the consent of the committee,
and by the consent of the committee he ought to
be allowed ten minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no power
to let the gentleman proceed without the consent
of the com mutee.
Mr. HUN T. I do not appeal tothe Chair,but
to the committee. 1 know that the Chair has no
power; but ns the Chair mteirupted the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, I think that it is an argu-
ment with the committee why he should be allowed
to proceed tutiher.
The CHA IRMA N". The gentleman is mis-
taken; the Chair did notinteriupt the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. HUNT. I heard you say frequently,
" Will the gentleman give way to surh and such
gentlemanThat was an mtei rupUon. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. With the permission
of the gentleman bom Caliiornia, I will submit a
suggestion. There are a great many gentlemen
who destie to speak on this subject. It we have
an understanding that we are to speak 
Mr. COBB, (m his seat) To nine o'clock
to-night. [Great Laughter J
Mi. RICHARDSON. If we hold our session
to a late hour to-night, gentlemen can go home
and get their dmneis, while those who wish to
i. speak can stay heie and have an opportunity to
do so. They will at all times have audiences.
Mr. HUNT. I shall submit to no dictation;
and 1 trust that the committee will go on accoid-
mg to parliamentary law. [Applau.se.}
Mr. LATHAM. Mr Chniiman, i have here
prepared, a speech upon the claim of California to
what is commonly known as the " civil fund
I am perfectly aware that the House is deeply
anxious to hear only those peisons who want to
speak upon the Nebraska bill, i do not propose
to consume at this time the attention of the H ouse
upon a question of vital importance alone to my
people and State. 1 have frequently read my
speech myself, and am pretty well satisfied with
it, Mr. Chairman, [laughter,] and I do not care
about reading it to empty seats. [Laughter.] I
therefore respectfully ask of the House to permit
me to print it, and when printed, I respectfully ask
of all the members, as i have thus obliged them,
to oblige me by reading it. [Great laughter, and
ciies of" Agreed l" "That's right!")
Mr. ENGLISH obtained the floor.
Mr. W RIGHT, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the committee do now take a recess for two hours.
[Cries of " No !" " No !"]
Mr. WRIGHT. I modify my motion so that
it will be that the committee take a recess for one
hour.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion will be enter-
tained.
Mr. HUGHES. I move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. ENGLISH. I do not yield to the motion
that the committee do now rise. 1 only yield to
the motion for the taking of a recess of one hour.
Mr. HUNT. 1 demand tellers on the motion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. IIUGHES. If the motion for a recess be
put, 1 insist on the right to submit mine, that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. COX. The gentleman has not the floor to
make his motion.
Mr. WRIGE^T. 1 withdraw my motion that
the committee take a recess.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
the committee do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana is still on the floor.
Mr. ENGLISH addressed the committee, taking
the ground that under the Nebraska bill, as it came
from the Senate, slavery can have no legal exist-
ence in the Territory, unless a Legislatuie favora-
ble thereto shall be chosen by the people; second-
ly, that .slavery cannot exist there; and thirdly,,
that the bill i-s just to all sections of the country,
and is in strict conformity with the genius of our
republican institutions. [His speech will be found
in the Appendix]
Mr. COX obtained the floor.
Mr. WHEELER, i rise to what I deem a
privileged question. There is no quorum present,
and, under the circumstances, can the committee
continue in session longei ?
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Keitt in the chair.)
The gentleman from Kentucky is upon the floor/
Mr. COX. I yield to the gentleman, if his-
question be a privileged one.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the question is not a privileged one.
Mr. WASHRURN, of Maine. I would ask
the Chair, whether he decides that it is in order for
the House to remain in session when no quorum,
is present?
The CHAIRMAN. The House is now in
committee, considering the Nebraska-Kansas bill.
The Chair does not know that there is no quoiuni
piesent.
Mr. COX. As there has been a speech just
made on the side of the question which I desire to-
advocate, 1 will yit-Id to the gentleman from New
Yoik, (Mr. Simmons.] 1 will follow him, and
promise to do so to-night. I yield to the gentle-
man, if it be the pleasuie of the committee, with
the understanding that he shall now proceed, and
that 1 follow him this evening.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN. Does the Chair overrule
the point of order which I made?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does.
Mr. W A SH BURN. Then I take an appeal
fiom that decision of the Chair.
Mr. CLINGMAN. There is no privileged
question m committee.
The CHAIRMAN. So the Chair decides.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 object to the farming out
of the door.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has yielded the floor to the gentleman from;
New York. No privileged question can be enter-
tained m committee, and the gentleman from New
Ymk will now proceed.
Mr. SIMMONS. I claim the floor to speak ar*
hour.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will pro-
ceed.
Mr. WHEELER. For one I will not, stay in
the House where such decisions are made.
Mr. SIMMONS. I want every moment of
my time.
Mr. SIMMONS argued that the Missouri-com-
promise is a contract, a binding law, and which
the courts would be bound to hold against the
action of Congress, much to the mortification of
gentlemen of both Houses, unless he had lead law
for thntv years to no puipose. He hkewisespoke
against the policy of repealing the Missouri act.
Mr. COX, whilehe declared that quiet should be
given to the country by the passage of this bill,
vet he did not feel that his northern friends who
oppose it are unpatriotic. He referred to histori-
cal documents to show that the North never re-
gaided the Missouri act of 1820 as a compact.
Therefore, the charge of the South violating a
compact came with a bad grace from the North.
M r. DA YIS, of Rhode Island, said that, whether
the bill should pass or not, the effects already pro-
duced in mousing agitation on the question of
slavery were such as could not be avoided. The
agitation against that institution was not now con-
fined to that clo^s which had so often been stig-
matized at fanatics, but had extended already to
men of business m the North, and even to the
emigrants, who are manifesting their natural op-
position to slavery. He contended that slavery is
inconsistent with true democratic principles, and
