THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Cokgress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JULY 31, 1854.
New Series No. 126.
At the time when my colleague from the Nor- i
folk district [Mr. Millsost] made the objection, I ;
was standing near him, having- approached him '
for the same purpose that my colleague from the
eighth district [Mr. Faulkner] has stated, both of
us, 1 am sure, with the kindest intentions, to in-
duce him to withdraw his objection. While thus
engaged, the gentleman from Maine proposed to
withdraw his objection. My colleague [Mr.
Millson] objected, but the objection was not
heard by the chairman, and the bill was laid aside,
reported to th« House, and passed. That is the '
history of the whole transaction. The whole !
question comes to this: The chairman did not 1
hear the objection, and the bill was therefore laid
aside. He did not hear it, and, therefore, it was !
the same, it seems to me, as if no objection had i
been made. The case is similar to -a case yester- I
day, when I objected, and the objection was not |
recognized, with the exception that there were
much more offensive and obnoxious circumstances
in my case than in this.
Mr. ENGLISH. As chairman of a Com-
mittee of the Whole House yesterday, I desire to
Bay, that I have no recollection whatever of the
action upon this particular bill. The memoran-
dum which I kept during the progress of business
in committee I handed to a reporter for the Con-
gressional Globe. I have no exact lecollection of
what occurred in the committee yesterday, and
have, unfortunately, no other paper now to which
I can refer.
Mr. MILLSON. My statement to the House
was, that when the gentleman from Maine with-
drew his objection, I inquired what bill it was?
The name was given, and 1 then said in an audible
tone "I object." This is my statement to the
House; and although I referred to my two col-
leagues, yet while I have no desire to intimate that
their concurrent statement would not fortify any
statement I might make, I take occasion to say
that 1 did not refer to them because I deemed that
it was necessary to fortify my statement by then-
attestation. I referred to them simply to show
that, as they came to me, I spoke audibly. It was
with no other view I referred to my colleagues.
Mr. SMITH. I will say that my colleague was
standing here, where the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Fuller] is now sitting. My colleague from
the eighth district [Mr. Faulkner] was about
three steps from him. I, myself, was within two
or three steps. We might have heard the objec-
tion, as we did; but the Chair might not. have
heard it, as he did not. There is no doubt about
that.
Mr. MILLSON. I have simply risen, Mr.
Speaker, to a correction of the Journal. I have
stated that I objected to the bill. I did not require
the indorsement of either of my colleagues to my
statement. If I required any, there ate a number
of gentlemen here who also heard me make objec-
tion. My reference to my colleagues was merely
to show, that as theycameto urge me to withdraw
my objection, they could have hardly supposed
that the objection was too late. If they had sup-
posed that it was too late, they could have hardly
imagined a necessity for its withdrawal. And to
show, also, that, as they heard me, 1 spoke loud
enough—as loud as it was my duty to speak under
the circumstances.
Now, if the bill had been reported to the House,
if it had been read in the House, if the question
had been taken on its passage by its title, then we
could reach it by a motion to reconsider. That
is now too late. The order of the House only
applied to those bills which were laid aside in
committee to be reported to the House; and as this
bill was not laid aside in committee, I presume
that it was not, or the chairman did not report
these bills, naming the title of any of them; and
as the House only agreed to pass those bills which
were reported, 1 thought that the only way to
reach my object was to make a motion to correct
the Journal.' I have nothing further to say on the
subject.
The SPEAKER. It is stated by the gentleman
from Virginia, in his place, that the Journal ot
126
yesterday is improperly made up in this: That
the bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Caleb Swan, deceased, was not, as stated by
the Journal, reported to the House.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to say a word in con-
nection with the correction of the Journal.
[Cries of "Order-!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman.
Mr. SMITH. Gentlemen cry order. I am
unwilling to violate the rules of order at any time.
I wish to ask—and I am in order—whether, if an
objection made be withdrawn, and then renewed,
and not heard by the Chair, that is an objection
at all to be regarded by this House? The gentle-
man does not say that the Chair heard the objec-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The subject is not debat-
able. The facts connected with it may be ex-
plained. A motion is made to amend the Journal.
The statement is, that the Journal does not repre-
sent the facts correctly in connection with the hill
which has been indicated; that the bill could not
have been repoited to the House, having been ob-
jected to by tl}£ gentleman from Virginia. The
memorandum m the Clerk is, that the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House. It will be in
the recollection of all, that the bills were passed
en masse, without the reading of the title of any of
them. Under the circumstances, the Chair enter-
tains the moiton to correct the Journal, and thinks,
if the correction be made, the effect will he to send
the bill back to a Committee of the Whole House.
The question now being upon Mr. Millson's
motion,
Mr. COBB called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cobb and
Clingman were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
•—uyes 34, noes not counted.
So the ypas and nays were ordered. .
Mr. ORR. May i be indulged m a remark or
two upon the merits of this matter?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. A
statement of facts connected with the case would
be in order.
Mr. ORR. X desire to state what I understand
to be the fact.
Mr. PECK. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The"" gentleman may state
what he knows to be facts. [Laughter.]
Mr. ORR. I do not like to violate any rule of
order. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Peck] called me to order. If I get out of order,
I suppose the Speaker can set me right.
The SPEAKER. That is doubtful. [A laugh.]
Mr. ORR. is it true m point of fact that an
error has been committed m making up the Jour-
nal '
The SPEAKER. That is the question which
j we are trying.
I Mr. ORR. Was not the report of the chair-
! man of a Committee of the Whole PJouse,that
i this bill was laid aside, with a recommendation
! that it do pass ?
[Cries of u Order!" " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. That is a question of fact
which is also being tried. And the Chair must
here remark, that the gentleman fiom South Caro-
lina is making an argument according to the most
approved style, [laughter;] and to that extent is
out of order.
Mr. ORR. Well, I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to indulge me for two minutes.
[Cries of " Hear him !"]
! The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
i House that the gentleman from South Carolina be
j indulged ?
Assent was expressed.
j Mr. ORR. My reason for asking this courtesy
■ from the House is this: I think the precedent
I which we are about to establish, is an important
, one that of changing the Journal when there has
been no error committed. Now, I have no doubt
i that the statement made by the gentleman from
] Virginia [Mr. Millson] is entirely correct. I
have no doubt that he intended to object, and did
object, to the bill m question. But an objection
is not one, if it does not reach the ear of the Pre-
siding Officer. Do we not, almost every day, see
instances of gentlemen asking the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a particular measure?
Some gentleman says " I object," the Speaker
does not hear the objection, and entertains the
motion. Now, would it be competent for the
House, after having passed a bill to a second or
third reading, to go back, and say that an error
had been committed, inasmuch as a member had
objected to it, but which objection was not heard
by the Chairman of the committee? That is the
very gist of the matter. The Chair did not hear
! the objection of the gentleman from Virginia; and
| it is, to all intents and purposes, just as if objec-
I tion had not been made.
j The SPEAKER. The Chairman of the com-
; mittee states that he does not recollect anything
| about the matter.
i Mr. HUNT. With the indulgence of the
| House, 1 would make one remark m relation to
\ this matter.
i Assent was expressed.
! Mr. HUNT. This, Mr. Speaker, regards the
1 integrity of our proceedings. There was some
I confusion here yesteiday aiismg from theconver-
! nations which gentlemen held in the House at the
time the committee was in session. A man of
i honor, a member knowing his privilege, objected
' to a certain bill. The objection was heard by
i; friends around, and it is entitled to its due weight,
' as coming from a Representative on this floor,
j There is no reproach cast upon the gentleman who
; occupied the chair, or upon the Clerk. But the
: fact being known, it is now a part of the truth of
i the proceedings of the body, and it becomes this
\ House to give a true record to the country,
j Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to remark, that I
j have not stated to the House that I did not hear
i the objection of the gentleman from Virginia.
What i stated was, that I had no recollection of
the case, one way or the other; and the memoran-
dum which I had kept of the proceedings of yes-
terday I handed to the reporter of the Globe;
therefore I have no paper to which I can refer to
remind me of the facts.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understood
the gentleman from Indiana; and the Chair sup-
posed he had so represented him to the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Vugtnia. I rise for the pur-
pose of calling the attention of members of the
House to the fact that the Chair was heard by
one of the members from California [Mr. McDou-
gall] distinctly, and with a loud voice, to an-
nounce that the bill would be laid aside to be re-
ported to the House, with a recommendation that
it pass.
Mr. PECKHAM. I wish to state to the
House that I sat in my place here, and distinctly
heard the gentleman from Virginia make the ob-
jection; and heard appeals made to him to with-
draw it.
Mr. SMITH. Still, that does not touch the
fact. .
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. I wish to
state to the House, that I made a written memo-
randum in my diary of those bills that were laid
aside to be reported to the House; and I find here
the observation in writing, opposite to the bill m
question, that it was so laid aside. The obser-
vation I set down in those cases where that re-
sult was announced from the Chair. 1 could not
have heard the objection of the gentleman from
Virginia; for if I iiad, I should have marked the
objection. , .
'Mr. HUG-HES. 1 rise to a question of order.
I desire to ask a question from the Speaker for
information. I ask if, under the rules and prac-
tice of the House, we have a right to go behind
our own record upon the statement of any gen-
tleman on this floor?
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Hughe*] is addressing the Chair on a
