2002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
question of order. It is, to he sure, in the nature
of an argument. However, the Chair thinks that
it is perfectly competent for the House to correct
the Journal. The Chair thinks that the House
may correct any mistake, such as that alleged by
the gentleman from Virginia, to have been com-
mitted in this case. And if not m the shape of cor-
recting the Journal, then it can be done in the shape
of a question of privilege, and the subject matter
can be set correct. The Chair has no doubt about
the power of the House.
["Cries of " Question " Question!"]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of privilege. The proposition here is to correct
the journal. Now, if the Journal is right, ac-
cording to the understanding of the Presiding
Officer, it cannot be corrected.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inform the
gentleman that debate is out of order.
[Cries of " Call the roll! "]
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in'thenegative—yeas 63, nays 84;as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Barksdale, Belcher,
Bennett, Boyee, Bugg, Ohastaiu, Chnsmaii, ClirK, Cluig-
mnn, Colquitt, Craige, Cullom, Dowdell, Edniundson,
Ellison, Faulkner, Flagler, Goode, Goodrich, Greenwood,
Grey, Grow, Wiley P. Harris, Haven, Houston, Hunt,
Daniel T Jones, George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Knox,
Lamb, Letcher, McCulloch, McMulhn, McQueen, Matte-
son, Maurice, Millson, Morgan, Mornson, Murray, Par-
ker, Peck, Peckham, Pennington, Phillips, Pratt, lleese,
Kohbins, Rowe, Rufthi, Sage, Shaw, Skeiton, Stratton,
Andrew Smart, John J. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Upham, Vansant, Daniel B- Wright, and Zolheoffer—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, WilhsAtlen, Appleton, Banks,
Benson, Benton, Bridges, Carpenter, Cannhers,Chandler,
Churehwell, Cobb, Cook, Corvvin, Cox, Crocker, Curtis,
John <3. Davte, Dawson, Dick, Drum, Dunham, Eastman,
Eddy, Edgerton, Edmands, Thomas D. Ehot, John M.
Elliott, Evertnm, Farley, Fuller, Guldings, Aaron Hsulan,
Harrison, Hendricks Henn, Hibbaid?Hie«:!er, Hill, Ilowe,
Johnson, Kerr, Kurtz, Lane, Lindley, McDougall, Me-
Nair, IVIfiey, Maxwell, Mayall, John G. Miller, Nichols,
Noble, Norton, Mordccai Oliver, Orr, Prmsle, Puryear,
Ready, David Ritchie, Rogers, Uu-.seP, Sabin, Sapp,
Seward. Shower, Gerrit Smith, Fredeuck I'. Stanton.
Richard H, Stanton, Hexfor L Stevens, John L. Tnjlor,
Thurrtton, Trout, Tweed, Vail, Wade, VVaibrid^e, Walley,
Ellihu B. VVashbnrne, Israel W.tMiburn, Wells, John
VVentworth, Wheeler, and Hendnck B. Wright—8-1.
So the motion of Mr. Mjllson was not agreed
to.
Mr. HENN, when his name was called on the
above vote, stud: 1 vote " no," because 1 do not
think the House has any right to correct the action
of the committee in this way.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bill, which thereupon received the signature of the
Speaker:
An act making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30, 1855, and for other purposes.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. HOUSTON here obtained the floor.
Mr. FENTON. Will the gentleman give way
for a moment, that I may make a personal expla-
nation > It will take but a moment
Mr. HOtJSX'ON. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. FENTON. I had no knowledge yesterday
of the intention of thegentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Eliot] to oflfera resolution to repeal the
fugitive slave law. Ac the time the resolution
was made by him to suspend the rules for that
purpose, I was absent from my seat attending
to necessary business at one of the Executive de-
partments. If I had been here, I should have
voted in favor of suspending the rules.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire also to say,that I was
confined to my room yesterday, and for several
preceding days, by indisposition. Had I been
nere, I should have unhesitatingly voted against
the proposition of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Eliot.]
Mr. READY, f desire to say that I was de-
tained from the House yesterday by indisposi-
tion when the motion was made to suspend the
rules for the purpose of introducing a bill to re-
peat the fugitive slave law. Had I been here, I
should have voted in the negative.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hors-
ton) I would also say that, at the time the motion
was made to suspend the rules yesterday, by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, I happened to be
out upon official business*, and as my position is
uncertain and not well understood, [laughter,] i
think it important to feay that, had 1 been here,
I should have voted in the negative. ^
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE. ^
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Djckins, Esq., their Secretary, inform-
ing the House that the. Senate had agreed to an
amendment of the House to a bill of the Senate
entitled "An act to provide for the accommoda-
tion of the courts of the United States in the dis-
trict of Massachusetts," with an amendment, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
OCEAN MAIL STEAMER BILL.
Mr. FULLER. I ask the gentleman from
Alabama, who has the floor, to yield to me to
make a motion to take up the bill in relation to
the safety of lives on board of steamboats, &c.
I desire to take up Senate bill (No. 408) from the
Speaker's table, which contains a provision to ex-
tend the provisions of that act to the Pacific coast.
It is a very important bill, and I desire simply to
offer an amendment to it, that it may be acted
upon, and be sent to the Senate to receive their
action.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would state to the gentle-
man that the Committee of Ways and Means
have adjournedio meet again at one o'clock, for
the purpose of considering the civil and diplomatic
bill. This appropriation bill, in reference to mail
steamer service, remains upon thPfcalendar of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and I propose to occupy the time from now until
one o'clock in the consideration and passage of
that bill; and for that purpose I move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. FULLER. I am admonished that the
close of this session is near at hand, and I fear the
bill may go over, and not be passed. Its passage
now will probably save the lives of hundreds of
passengeis.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is this question
debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton'^ motion; and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. English in the chair,)
and proceeded to consider the first bill upon the
Calendar, being House bill 44 making appropria-
tions for the transportation of the United States
mail by ocean steamers and otherwise, during the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1855."
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to dispense with the
first reading of the bill, and that the clerk proceed
to read it by paragraphs for amendment.
The motion way agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the com-
mittee rtse, for the purposeof goinginto the House
and closing the general debate upon this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr. English]
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had, according to order,
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the bill of the House No. 96, and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move the usual resolution
to close debate upon the mail steamer appropria-
tion bill. 1 do not know whether any one wishes
to speak upon it or not.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think five minutes will
belong enough to allow for debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. Very well, { move the usual
resolution to close the general debate upon House
bill No. 96, in five minutes after the committee
shall again resume its consideration.'
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider do lie upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. a
Th§,motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
I resolved itself into the Committeeof the Whole on
l/the vState of the Union, and resumed the consider-
' ation of the bill ii making appropriations for the
transportation of the United States mail, by ocean
steamers and otherwise, during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1855."
The Clerk then proceeded to* read the bill by
paragraphs for amendment.
Mr. OLDS, i move to amend the second para-
graph of the bill, by striking out from the word
"dollars," in the eighth line, to the end of the
paragraph, as follows:
" And that the Secretary of the Navy is hereby directed
forthwith to give the notice provided tn the first section of the
act entitled 'An act to supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1853,' approved the 21st day of July, 1852, to term-
inate the arrangement for the additional allowance for the
transportation of the United States mail between New York
an&Liverpool, in the Collins line of steamers, as therein
provided."
^Mr. Chairman, I do not make this motion be-
cause I am in favor of this increased compensa-
tion to Collins's line, for I am opposed to it, but
my construction of the statute is that Congress
cannot give notice, until after the 31st day of De-
cember, 1854. Now, the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported at an early day of•
the session, a bill not only giving this notice, but
putting an end to all'these steam mail contracts. It
now stands on the Calendar, but cannot be reached
at this session of Congress. My proposition is
to strike out this clause of the bill now under con-
sideration, for the reason that I think the statute
does not permit notice to be given until after the
31st day of December, 1854. At thene^t session
the bill reported from the Post Office Committee
will come up for consideration.
Mr. ROBB1NS. Is there a notice of the kind
referred to in this bill? If so, where is it?
Mr. OLDS. There is, and it is that part of the
bill from the eighth to the eighteenth line, inclusive.
The statute to which reference has been made,
reads as follows:
Provided, That it shall he in the power of Congress, at
any tune after the 3lst day of December, 1854, to terminate
the arrangement for the additional allowance herein pro-
vided lor, on giving six months notice."
It seems to me that that proviso will not admit
of any doubtful construction. Notice may be
given after the 31st day of" December, 1854, for
the termination of these contracts. That being
so you do not lose anything by permitting these
words to be stricken out, and letting the matter go
over until the next session of Congress, when the
bill reported from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads will come up for consideration.
You must make the compensation for this year;
and if you wait and take up that bill at the next
session of Congress, give notice and terminate all
these contracts, Congress and the people will
have lost nothing, and you will have got rid, to
say the least of it, of a doubtful construction of
1 this statute giving extra compensation.
Mr. SKELTON. I hope that this amendment
may not prevail. The gentleman says that he is
opposed to this extra compensation, but that he is
not in favor of giving the notice now, simply for
the fact that the act requires that the notice shall
be given after the 31st day of December, 1854.
We do not propose to give notice immediately, *
but to give instruction that notice shall be given
after that time.
Mr. OLDS. The bill provides that notice shall
be given forthwith.
Mr. SKELTON. Suppose it does; that does
not prevent what is proposed. We can amend
the section, and give notice according to the law.
I am in favor of terminating these contracts, and
for this reason: The great expense of our post
office system is in consequence of the extraordi-
i nary compensation paid for the transportation of
i ocean mads by steamers. The moment that these
1 contracts are terminated, we shall be able to save
j millions of dollars annually to the Government.
By abolishing these contracts we shall secure the
cheap ocean postage, and instead of the present
high rates we shall be able to have letters carried
for two cents each.
Now, 1 hold that it is proper and expedient,
that the interest of the country demand an aboli-
tion of these ocean contracts. I hope this com-
mittee will not strike out this clause, but will pass
it in a modified form; and that notice shall be given
to the proprietors for this service according to the
bill and according to the law.
