1144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
Mr. DICK. I object.
Mr. STEPHENS. I merely wish to say  
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Georgia cannot proceed, since objection is made.
The question was then taken on Mr. Rich-
ardson's motion; and it was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr.
Olds) reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state ofthe Union hud had the Union gener-
ally under consideration, and particularly House
bill (No. 236) to organize the Territories of Ne-
braska and Kansas, and had come to noconclusion
thereon.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to;
And thereupon (at five minutes past ten o'clock,
p. m.) the House adjourned until to-morrow, at
twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 10, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slickr.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating information, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate, m relation to the dock,
basin, and railway at Fensacola; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
petition of James T. Y. Thompson, of Missouri,
praying indemnity for losses sustained on his
contracts with officers ofthe United States Army;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WELLER. I ask have to present joint
resolutions passed by the Legisktuie of Califor-
nia, relative to the lands donated to that State by
the Geneial Government. 1 ask that these reso-
lutions be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands; and 1 may be allowed to invite the special
attention of that committee to the subject. They
will nee at once, from an examination of the ques-
tion, that some legislation is necessary in order to
protect the common school fund of that State.
Whether the legislation proposed by the Legisla-
ture of California will be a collect remedy lor
that, 1 do not know; but I tru&t the committee will
propei ly investigate that point. \ profess no opin-
ion on the subject.
The resolutions were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordeied to be printed.
Mr. IfWhV presented resolutions ofthe Legis-
lature of California, asking the passage of a law
for the establishment of certain post loutes in that
S'ate; which were referied to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. ALLEN presented a petition ofinhabitants
of Newport, Rhode Inland, praying the reduction
of ocean postage to two cents for a single letter;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MORTON presented thememorial of James
Jlerron and others, praying a grant of the right
of way thiough the lands of the United States for
the construction of a plank or railroad from some
point on the Perdido river to the bay of Pensa-
cola, m the State of Florida; which was referied
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DEN JAM IN presented the petition of
Nathaniel M. Woolverton, praying the confirma-
tion of his title to land in the Ouachita land dis-
trict in Louisiana; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Also, a petition of citizens of the United States,
professing the Jewish religion, praying that meas-
ures may be taken to secure to American citizens
of every religious creed, residing or traveling
abroad, their civii and religious rights; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. NORRIS presented a letter fiom the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings, communicating
information of the destruction^ a portion of the
Long Bridge, by fire, on the 8th of May, and asking
an appropriation for the repair of the same; which
was referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. SLIDELLpresenteda memorialof citizens
of the parish of Morehouse, in the State of Lou-
isiana, remonstrating against any legislation, on
the part of Congress, that will interfere with the
preemption rights of the settlers on the Bastrop
grant, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims. j
Mr. BELL presented the petition of Alexander j
R. McKee, late of Kentucky, now of the State i
of Tennessee. The petitioner states that he is '
the holder, by purchase, of a certificate of lands,
issued by John T. Mason, on behalf of the
Governor of Tex*s and Coahuila, dated 21st June,
1834, amounting to about forty-eight thousand
acres; and also the holder, by transfer, of a similar
certificate for the same amount of land, which
lands, having; been conveyed by Samuel Swart- j
wout to William Young, President of the Mount i
Savage Iron and Coal Company, in trust for the J
use and benefit of the United States, were sold by I
older of the Solicitor of the Treasury for the benefit j
of the United States. The petitioner alleges, that i
at the time the Solicitor of the Treasury adver- :
tised said certificates for sale, it was not stated, as
was done after the purchase, that s<ud certificates I
were m the hands of General Rusk, of Texas, who !
states, in wilting, that the same are not in his i
hands, but weredehvered by him to General John
T. Mason beforjg his death. The petitioner fur-
ther stated that he has called upon the Solicitor of
the Tieasury for them, but he is unable to give
anv information relative thereto, alleging that the
same have never been on file in Ins office. The
petitioner theiefore prays that Congress will pass
an act authorizing him to locate copies of said
orginal certificates on the lands acquired from
Texas by virtue of the compromise act with said
State, as the said lands, on the emanation of
said certificates, vveie subject to entiy by them.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORTON, from the Committee on Agri-
culture, to whom was referred a memorial of the '
Maryland State Agncultuial Socicty, praying the
establishment of a national agricultural school in
the District of Columbia, submitted a report there-
on; which was oidered to be printed. 1
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Patents ;
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the j
petition of the legal representatives of John Shiy, j
praying the extension of a patent granted to him j
on the 27th of October, 1836, for an improvement j
in the machine for picking or breaking wool, and I
ginned or .seedless cotton, submitted a repoit, i
accompanied by a bill to extend a patent hereto-
foie gianted to John Shly,of the State of Georgia;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
The repoit was oidered to be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was refeired the petition of
Captain Charles Cr. Merchant, of the United States
Army, praying the settlement of his accounts in
the comtnissaty department, on just and equita-
ble principles, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill for nis relief; which was read, and passed to
a second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Thomas B. Eastland,
proymg that he may be ciedited with an amount
disallowed in the settlement of his accounts as
quartermaster in the late war with Mexico; and
that he may be compensated for services performed
which weie not in the line of his duty, submitted
an adverse report thereon; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. MORTON, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the petition of John W. Kelly, praying indemni-
fication for loss sustained in consequence of the
abrogation of a contract by the Post Office Depart-
ment, for the transportation of the mails, submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom were referred documents in
relation to the claim of John Maktn, a pilot, to
salvage or compensation for relieving the United
States frigate Saianac, when in distress off the har-
bor of Savannah, Georgia, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BRIGHT, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
amend an act entitled "An act for the relief of the
inhabitants of the reserved township in Gibson
county, in the State of Indiana, "approved August
11, 1842; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
THE GlTANO TRADE.
Mr. MORTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, to whom were referred the
resolutions of the Legislature of Maryland rela-
tive to guano, to make a report thereon, accompa-
nied by the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Commutee on Agriculture be dis-
charged from the fnrthercorinderation of the resolutions of
the General Assembly of Maiyland, in relation to the s-ale
of guano in tiiat and other States of the Union ; and that
the >-aiiie be transmitted to the President of the United
States.
Mr. PRATT. I would ask the Senator to have
the resolution considered at this time.
Mr. MORTON. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to its consideration.
Theie being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. CLAYTON. I ask for the reading of the
report of the Committee on Agriculture.
The report was accordingly read; fiom which
it appeals that, while the committee admit the
great importance of guano as a fertilizing agent to
the agricultural interests of the country, and agree
as to the policy of doing away with all monopoly
in its sale, yet, as it is an article owned exclu-
sively by the Government of Peru, Congress can
afford no relief in the premises. The resolutions
contemplate theaction of the General Government
by treaty, with that of Peru, and as the treaty-
making power is vested by the Constitution in the
Piesident, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, the committee recommend that the
resolutions committed to them be referred to the
President of the United States, to take such steps
as he may deem advisable,towards accomplishing
the wishes and views of the General Assembly of
Maryland.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, perhaps it
may not be amiss to state now, in reference to
this subject, which is a very interesting one to the
agriculturists of the United States, that the Exec-
utive Department has heretofore exerted itself to
procure a treaty with Peru, placing our trade in
guano, and m other respects, on'the footing ofthe
most favored nations. While I was in the State
Department, 1 made efforts to have such a treaty
concluded; and, after a very long negotiation with
the Peruvian Minister here, Mr. Tirado, we did,
at last, succeed in making a treaty, which I hoped
would have accomplished the object which these
petitioners have in view. That treaty was sent to
the Senate, and confirmed, I believe, without any
opposition. It was then tiansmitted to the Peru-
vian Government; but, under the influence, as I
believe, of the British capitalists, who are inter-
ested in the guano of the Chincha Islands, the
treaty was defeated. The Government of Peru
refused to confirm it, and indeed the authorities
there became so much incensed that they recalled
Mr. Tirado, and sent a successor to fill his place
here.
I think the facts in regard to the subject may
be briefly and correctly stated thus: When Peru
achieved her independence, she did it by the aid
of British capitalists, who loaned her some twenty
millions. That became her revolutionary debt.
To secure that debt, the Government of Great
Britain, at the solicitation of these capitalists,
made u treaty with Peru, by which they were to
have one half the net proceeds of the Peruvian
euano Rold by them under the authority of the
Peruvian Government, both to British and to
American purchasers. Well, sir, the understand-
ing and bargain, as I understood it myself, was,
that these capitalists were to employ the shipping
to transmit the guano to market; and they were
to be allowed, on settlement with Peru, the net
proceeds of freights, insurance, and commis-
sions. Thus they acquired the exclusive carrying
trade, to a very great extent at least, in this arti-
cle. You will perceive, from the statement which
I have made, sir, how deeply these capitalists are
interested. 1 have not yet learned that that debt
has been paid. If they can retain the power which
