1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1145
they originally had over the subject, doubtless
they would be witling to advance the price as long
as the Government of Peru shall choose to ask it.
Under these circumstances, the committee is
perfectly right in saying that Congress can do
nothing. The whole matter is properly referable,
as the report proposes to refer it, to the Executive
Depaitment. I do not know what the Executive
contemplates, but I do suppose that until the in-
fluence of these capitalists can be in some way
subverted or controlled, we shall never be able to
participate in the guano carrying trade.
The resolution reported by the committee was
agreed to.
AGRICULTURAL SCHOOLS.
Mr. PRATT. There was a report, to which
my attention was not called at the time, made by
the honorable Senator from Florida, [Mr. Mor-
ton",] from the Committee on Agiiculture, in re-
lation to the establishment of an agricultural
school. The report was made on petitions which
I had the honor to present from agricultural socie-
ties in the United States, as well that of Maryland
as of other States, asking for the establishment of
such a school.
My object is to ask that the consent of the Sen-
ate be given to printing an extra number of copies
of that report. It is an important subject; and
though I suppose there will hardly be anything
done this session of Congress on it, it is right
that public-attention should be called to it. Every
one will observe that all the great national sources
of industry have received the attention of this
Government except that of agriculture. We have
appropriated millions towards the interests of
commerce, and towards every other of th'e great
industrial interests of the country, while nothing
has been done for the assistance of agriculture.
My desire is to have two thousand extra copies
of the report printed, so that the subject may go
to the public. I have read the report; it is very
ably made; and I am sure that it would be of great
interest to the agricultural people of the United
States. Therefore, I submit the motion that two
thousand extra copies of it be printed.
The PRESIDENT. That motion will go to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. RUSK. I suppose itcan be considered by
unanimous consent?
The motion was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to,
PATENT OFFICE AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
The PRESIDENT. The following order stands
first on the order of business, if there are no fur-
ther reports or resolutions to be presented:
Ordered, That there be printed, for the use of the Senate,
thirty seven thousand five hundred additional copies of
the agricultural portion ot the Patent Office repoit, with the
plates accompanying ihe same, two thousand five hundred
of which shall be for the use of the Patent Office.
Mr. HUNTER. Does not that go to the Com-
mittee on Printing?
The PRESIDENT. It has been reported from
that committee.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will lie over.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope it will be passed over.
I believe the Senator from Delaware has some
objection to it.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the resolution will go over.
Mr. STUART. I hope that resolution will be
considered now. There may be some reason,
but i do not really see why we ought not to take
it up at this time. At the last Congress, I do not
know how it was with other gentlemen, but I
suffered great inconvenience from the fact that no
printing of these documents took plaee until after
the adjournment of Congress. The whole Con-
gress was spent in determining who should be
printer, and the result was that the document was
not printed until the vacation. It works a great
inconvenience, and, besides, a very great addi-
tional expense to the transportation of the mails
of the country. I hope that the Senate will pro-
ceed to the consideration of the resoluiion now.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Vir-
ginia moves to postpone the consideration of the
resolution until to-morrow.
Mr. G WIN. I hopeitwill be considered now.
The question is, whether we are to have the agri-
cultural portion of the report.
The motion to povstpone was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I desire to move an
amendment to the resolution. It is to add an
additional number of copies for the use of the
Patent Office. That office requires a greater num-
ber; and I therefore move 10 amend the resolution,
by increasing the number to be given to the Patent
Office, twenty-five hundred.
Mr. RUSK. The resolution now proposes to
give twenty-five hundred.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Yes, sir; and I move
to amend by giving twenty-five hundred more.
Mr. RUSK. I would inquire of the honorable
Senator from Alabama, if that is offered at the
request of the Patent Office ?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Certainly; the object
is lo allow that office a sufficient number for their
use.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am decidedly of the opinion
that it is wholly unnecessary to waste the public
money by printing this document at all. It is an
unnecessary expense, which is of advantage to no
one. It is simply a compilation from agricultural
newspapers, and we are ruining the country by
unnecessary expense. My opinion is, that not
one copy of it ought to be printed. This system
of printing has got to be a very important branch
of the Government. We go on printing the mis-
erable stuff that is reported to us from the Patent
Office; and the printing now costs as much as
the judicial department of the Government, and
almost as much as the legislative. It ought to be
stopped. It is a book which nobody wants. As
to mine, I am willing to give them away when-
ever they may be called for.
Mr. RUSK, and others. I will take them.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. This matter was re-
ferred to the Committee on Punting; and I have
offered this amendment at the desire of the Patent
Office. That office really wants a much laiger
number than the committee propose to allow.
The head of (he Department set foi th in a commu-
nication to us, various reasons why they should
have a larger number than the amount which I
propose to allow, for the purpose of distribution.
1 have, however, been instructed by the committee
to offer the amendment which I now submit.
It seems to me, that as it is the settled policy of
the Government to publish works of this kind, it
is but an act of justice to the Commissioner of
Patents, to allow him the number that he deems
necessary for distribution throughout the country.
The Commissioner of X^atents asked for a greater
number of copies, but we thought twenty-five
hundred would be amply sufficient. I trust the
Senate will agree to the amendment.
Mr. WALKER. I hope the amendment will
be agreed to, and that we will give the additional
number to the Patent Office. I have heard a
former Commissioner of Patents complain of the
limited number which he had; and he addressed
to me a communication, in which he represented
that the desire of the Patent Office was to biing
itself into connection and communication with as
many of the agriculturists of the country as possi-
ble; that he derived very great facilities from this
work; that he desired to extend that intercourse
with the agriculturists, and that the limited num-
ber of Patent Office reports which were given to
him, did not enable him to do so to the extent he
desired.
Upon one occasion when he desired more, I j
know not to how many Senators application was
made, but he made application to me for the loan :
of a portion of mine. I made him the loan of
one hundied and seventy-four copies; and 1 re-
gret to say that that was the last I ever saw of
them. It was not the present, but a former Com-
missioner. I have no doubt in my own mind that
he made as good a use of them as I could hare
done; but I can very well see how it would ad-
vance the agricultural interests of the country for
that Bureau to be brought into intercourse with as
many agriculturists of the country as possible
through the distribution of this report.
Mr. CLAYTON, I am decidedly for printing,
and for printing a large number of this document,
and for disseminating it among the agricultural
community. I represent, in part, an agricultural
district of the country, and I know, through com-
munications with farmers of my State, that they
take more interest in this Patent Office report than
in all the other documents published together, and
that they would feel more deeply now the depri-
vation of the report with which you have here-
tofore supplied them, than the deprivation of any
other document which you publish.
Sir, I do not pretend now—it would not be
proper—to go into a dissertation on the advant-
ages which an agriculturist may derive from
reading this report. Among these advantages*
however, this is apparent: They see communi-
cations made by farmers from all portions of the
United States to the Commissioner of Patents
published for their information. They are enabled
to compare them with their own observations,
and they communicate in return their information #
to others. I shall vote with great pleasure for the
printing of the highest number, believing that there
is not a single document here which does as much
real practical good as this very Patent Office re-
port.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I trust we
shall print a large number of this report. I am
very well convinced that there is no document sent
to my State, which has done more good than the
one in question. I am not surprised at my friend
from Georgia speaking on the subject as he does.
The State of Georgia, I believe, has carried on
agriculture to such a perfection that no new lights
can be thrown by the Patent Office reports on
them. [Laughter.] But Florida, sir, which com-
bines all the agricultural products o£ the country,
fine crops of sugar, of cotton, of lumber, of rice,
and thousands of other things, which I cannot
enumerate here, sees the propriety and necessity
of a document of this character; and with all that
I get legitimately, and all that I can buy, beg,
borrow, or have stolen for me, [laughter,] I can-
not send off enough of these documents for the
use of my State.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have no objection to vote for
the amendment of the Senator from Alabama*
though the amountproposed is very considerable;
but 1 rise more for the purpose of claiming the
benefit of the offer of the honorable Senator from
Georgia, than anything else. I shall claim, under
the offer which he has made, being the first claim-
ant on the floor, his pro rata share of this branch
of the Patent Office report. The Senator then,
must say, of course, that I am entitled to them.
But, Mr. President, I think, in making the or-
der, we should direct who is to print whatever we
may order. There is some difficulty as to whether
the two parts of the Patent Office report are em-
braced in one order for printing. The Senate
originally ordered U^printing of the first part, as
1 understand. I tfpk, therefore, it would be
better to amend the resolution in such a way a a
to give the Senate printer the printing of this
branch of the Patent Office report.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I suppose if we
continue this practice of printing books for distri-
bution, it is hardly worth while to stop it at this
point; but I really think some honorable gentle-
men on this floor ought to give some explanation
of their views to satisfy gentlemen who have
doubts on the subject as to the power given by
the Constitution to appropriate money for the
purpose of printing works for the agricultural
interests or any other. 1 am utterly surprised
to see certain gentlemen sit quietly, and silently
listening to this proposition for printing this work,
and not raising their voices against it.
Of course I shall not pursue the consideration
of the subject any further; but I think it is due to
the hody that Senators should at this epoch in the
Government, when we have the opportunity of
bringing back the practice of it to strict constitu-
tional principles, to explain to us how, under the
powers given to us by the Constitution, we can
make an appropriation for this object.
Mr. BAYARD. I take it for granted, from the
line of remarks of the honorable Senator from
Tennessee, that it is a reflection on the opinions
of those who have different views from him on the
subject to which he alludes. Now, sir, I have
never yet heard that it is denied that there can be
no implied powers whatever, under the Constitu-
tion. The great difficulty connected with theques-
tion of construction—and it was raised early in
the history of the Government in reference to the
BanK of the United States, and the subject was
then exhausted on both sides, as any gentleman
will see if he will take the trouble to examine it—
is as to the extent of the implication. The powers
that are necessary and proper in order to carry
on the functions of the Government, and to carry
out those purposes for which this Government
