1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2003
Mr. MORRISON. I move an amendment to
the amendment to strike out in the ninth and tenth
lines the word "forthwith." I believe that amend-
ment to the amendment will meet the objection of
the gentleman from Ohio and others.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I desire to move an
amendment to the amendment.
The CHA1RMAN. It is not in order to amend
at this time, there being an amendment to the
amendment already pending.
Mr. WALBRiDGE. 1 favor, then, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio; and my reasons
for doing so 1 will briefly give. The British Gov-
ernment, through the line commonly recognized
as the Cunard line, had the uninterrupted carry-
ing of the mails from 1837 to 1849, a period of
twelve years, and paid into the exchequer of that
country, within that period of time, <£6,000,000 ster-
ling, and received for their own services <£2,000,000.
Great Britain refused to enter into any postal ar-
rangement with us until the Collins line was estab-
lished, and the keel of the Atlantic was laid. Then
a postal arrangement was made between the Uni-
ted States and Great Britain upon the following
basis:
1. That either nation has the power to abrogate
the treaty, upon giving six months'notice.
2. That the withdrawal of either line annuls the
treaty.
3. That the United States shall receive five
twenty-fourths of the postage on letters brought
by Cunarders.
4. That Great Britain should receive from the
Collins steamers eight twenty-fourths of the poat-
age.
In this ratio of increase during the present year
there will be received from postages derived from
this line sufficient to liquidate all these expenses.
The postages in the Cunard line increased to
twenty-nine per cent. If this contract is annulled
and this notice is given, all the advantages now
accruing to the Collins line must pass to the Cu-
nard line. 1 agree with thegentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Olds,] that there is no power at this ses-
sion to terminate that contract. The act of July,
1852, under which it was made, expressly de-
clares as follows: "Provided, That it shall be in
the power of Congress, at any time after the 31st
day of December, 1854, to rescind this extra com-
pensation upon giving six months' notice."
Another consideration connected with this sub-
ject is, that in compliance with such instructions,
the Postmaster General did advertise and receive
bids on all the lines or routes, but none for the
carrying of the mails between New York and
Liverpool. While bids were put in for other
lines, there was no application made for carrying
the mails between New York and Liverpool. I
wish to remark here, that, by the increasing com-
pensation, the Collins'line have averaged, each
way, two days increased speed; and in order to
make this speed; the expenses have increased in the
same ratio. A great and important consideration
which is involved m this question, is the contest
for the supremacy of the seas between this coun-
try and Great Britain. I am aware that upon the
ocean our gallant Navy has fully vindicated its
reputation to cope with that of Great Britain.
The struggle now going on between Great Britain
and America, is for the supremacy of the ocean,
and the maritime ascendancy of the globe.
The original investment for the performance of
this service was *>3,000,000. The annual interest
on that sum, at the rate of six per cent, per an-
num, is $180,000. The insurance upon the ships
is certainly not less than six per cent., and that
item amounts also to $180,000. The annual de-
preciation of the property may be estimated at
seven per cent, which amounts to $210,000, mak-
ing an average of $570,000, to be accounted for
before the receipts commence to pay the running
expenses of the ships. But yet, since the appro-
priation was passed in 1852, wages have increased
thirty-three per cent.; coal has increased three dol-
lars per ton; and the difference in these two items
of labor and fuel make an additional expense of
$5,000 per trip. But all these considerations are
subordinate to that higher question at this time,
involved in this discussion, will the Government
break its plighted faith, and disregard the provi-
sions of the act, in the form of a contract, as the
deficiency bill of 1852 will demonstrate.
The contest between the Collins and Cunard
lines is for the maritime supremacy of the seas.
It involves the commercial pride and honor of the
respective Governments to which they belong. I
know, sir, that England has achieved her proudest
triumphs onthe ocean. One of her favorite bards
has sa'd:
" Hor march is o'er the mountain wave,
Her home is on the deep.'5
And I know, too, sir, that our gallant Navy has
ever been able to cope with Great Britaift during
the last war; but "peace hath its victories not less
renowned than those of war." This peaceful
struggle is still progressing. Thus far we have
been victorious, and the greatest maritime tri-
umphs on record have been achieved by the
genius of Fulton, backed by the indomitable
energy of Collins. Sir, this contest is not indi-
vidual, it is national'—and I believe the Ameri-
can people will continue to uphold an enterprise
that has reflected upon the country so much credit,
it is not for the city of New York that I solicit
your favorable action, but for the honor and glory
of the whole Republic.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MACE. 1 desire to ask a question for in-
formation.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Indiana propose to amend the amendment?
Mr. MACE. I desire first to ask a question
from the Chair. Is the debate on this bill under
the five-minute rule ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. MACE. 1 propose to amend the amend-
ment by striking out of the eighth line of the bill
" $858,000." 1 was not in the House, Mr. Chair-
man, when the order was made restricting debate
on this bill to five minutes. 1 regard the bill as an
exceedingly important one. It will be recollected
by the House that at an early day of this session,
a committee was appointed—of which I had the
honor of being chairman—for the purpose of in-
vestigating all frauds which had been committed in
relation to the disbursement of the money appro-
priated for the mail steamer service. This being
a question of great importance, not only to the
House, but to the country at large, it strikes me
as exceedingly strange that a proposition should
be made on a question of this kind to close the de-
bate m five minutes. When the great interests in-
volved are considered, when the amount of money
paid yearly by this Governmentfor this transpor-
tation of the mails from New York to Liverpool,
and for the transportation of the mails on the Pa-
cific coast, are taken into consideration, it strikes
me as exceedingly strange indeed that any one
would make a proposition in this House, and that
this House should accede to it, to close debate m
five minutes. When you takeuuo consideration the
amount of monfey expended for the purpose of
transporting the mails, &c., how is it possible, 1
ask, that an individual can discuss thisgreat ques-
tion in the space of five minutes?
Now, sir, I desire to offer to this committee my
views in full in relation to this measure. And in
addition to that, I wish to state that almost every
man upon the committee to which I belong de-
sires that the information which is before him, m
regard to the various questions involved m this
bill, should be heard by the House.
This bill, as I understand it, is an appropriation
bill to carry out the preceding acts of Congress in
reference to these hues. I am told-—I have not
examined into it—that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office nnd Post Roads has a
bill pending in this House, in connection with
which this whole question can come up. It ought
to be investigated; but when you tie me down,
and tie down the members ofthis Houseto a five-
minute discussion, it is impossible, utterly im-
possible, as every man of this committee will bear
me out in saying, to give to the House our views
in regard to this matter fully, and as they ought
to be given. 1 trust that, inasmuch as the five-
minute rule has been adopted by the House, when
the bill reported by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads comes up,
the whole question in reference to terminating the
contracts with Collins, with Sloo, and with Aspin-
wall, may be fully and thoroughly discussed. I
cannot discuss it now. It would take, perhaps,
two hours to do it, at least one, and I trust when
that bill comes up, not only the questions m refer-
ence to these contracts, but the question m rela-
tion to what we shall do hereafter about our mail
steamer service, may be fully and thoroughly dis-
cussed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr, CLfNGMAN. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of thegentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Mace.]
I think it wrong in itself. I have an amendment
which I desire to offer to the committee, and one
which I hope will meet the views of a majority of
the House. I was one of the individuals who
voted for this subsidy of $858,000 during the last
Congress, f thought t did right then; and I am
satisfied with the vote now, and am opposed to
striking it out. At that time, I moved an amend-
ment which I intend to repeat upon this occasion.
It is to request the President of the United States
to take such steps as he thinks necessary to put a
stop to this system. The objection to the system
is two-fold. First, it pays a large amount of
money from the Treasury of the United States for
the use of ships which cannot be used in'time of
war, except for transports. But the second and
principal objection is this, that you pay large
amounts of money to the owners of ships engaged
in the business of transporting passengers and
goods, which enables them to underwork every
body else. Such a system as that ought to be
abandoned. Great Britain began it by paying-
large sums to the Cunarders. Under that arrange-
ment large sums of money were paid to them, by
which they were enabled to defy competition,
and to underwork our own people: and for that
reason they asked us to give them similar ad-
vantages. and we have been called upon in this
way to give, until both Governments pay large
sums of money. I find, by looking at a report
recently made 111 the House of Commons, by one
of its committees, that they seem disposed to
] abandon the system in England. I am notwiiling
to abandon it here, as long as the English system
is kept up.
If the proposition under consideration be voted
down, I intend to offer an amendment, and it will
be to this effect: to authorize the President of the
United States to leave the system as itnow stands,
until he can make an arrangement with Great
Britain to withdraw this aid to the Cunarders;.
and then authorizing the Postmaster General to
abolish the contract with the Collins line, and
others. There is no excuse on the face of the
earth for paying the extravagant sum we do pay*
to Sloo and others, for running from one of our
ports to another. I think we ought to let out the
i carrying of the mail by ocean steamers to the
lowest bidder. Something of that sort i$ abso-
i lutely necessary, or we shall go on in these pro-
! fuse expenditures for the benefit of particular
! individuals, at the expense of the General Gov-
' ernment. f therefore hope the committee will be
I willing to adopt such a proviso to this section as
I I have indicated, or something else that will
accomplish that purpose. I do not care whether
my amendment is adopted or not. But I hope
some proposition will be adopted by which the
President shall be authorized to make some ar-
rangement with the British Government by which
both Governments shall abolish this system.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was not
1 agreed to.
1 Mr. CLINGM AN. I move the following as a
i proviso to the section which the gentleman from
I Ohio proposes to strike out:
I Pro AM. That this notice shall not he carried into effect
i until the President shall have been able by treaty or other-
1 wi«e io induce the British Government to reduce th.-sub-
: 6idv paid to the Cunard line, or to abolish (he system nllo-
aether • in winch event the Postmaster General is mstru< ted
! to take' the necessary steps to get rid ot the existing; con-
I tracts with ocean steamers for the transportation of the
I mail.
' Mr PHILLIPS. I would suggest to the gen-
| tleman from North Carolina, that he may accom-
i p'ish his purpose better by offering his amendment
as a substitute for the clause which it is proposed
to strike out, and not as a proviso to it. I think
he will find that the proviso will be found to be
inconsistent with the section itself.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. Not at all. If thegentle-
man will listen to it, he will find that it will
answer the purpose perfectly. It. provides that,
before this notice shall be given, the President
shall, if he is abie, make an arrangementwith the
British Government by which the whole system
of granting subsidies to these lines of steamers
shall be abolished. It then authorizes the Secre-
