436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16,
Now those who were married before that day
drew their pensions from the 4th of March 1848;
and the pensioners, under the act of February 3,
1853, supposed that they could draw their pen-
sions from the same date. The construction which
the Commissioner of Pensions has given to it is,
that they were to draw their pensions from the
date of the passage of the bill. The committee
were fully aware that it was the custom, and prop-
erly so, of the Commissioner of Pensions to give
an interpretation to the act according to the uni-
form practice; and they have been very particular,
accordingly, to report a seperate pension law pro-
viding for this class of cases, so as to make that
explicit and certain which is now very indefinite.
They chose to report a general law to that effect.
They felt as though it was reasonable to do so,
when they saw that the act. of February 3, 1853, it-
self provided that the pensioners named in that act
should draw their pensions in the same manner as
those of 1848.
Mr. MILLSON. I did not say that the bill
would increase the number of pensioners. What
I stated was, that the effect of the law was to give
these pensioners a pension, not from the period of
the passage of the law, the time when they became
entitled to it by the law, but from the year 1848,
when no law existed in relation to these pensions
at all. The effect of the present law would be to
draw from the Treasury at once $1,200,000 for
that class of pensioners alone.
And, sir, the thing does not stop there; for if
we decide that widows, who are entitled by the act
of 1853 to pensions, shall commence their pen-
sions with the 3d of February, 1848, then the heirs
of those widows who have died in the interval be-
tween 1848 and 1853, will come forward and de-
mand to be placed upon the same footing as these
widows themselves. I trust 1 have now said
enough to enable the House to see that this is not
one of those unimportant bills which ought to be
considered and acted upon hastily.
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman allow me to
explain ?
Mr. MILLSON yielded the floor.
Mr. COBB. The explanation I have to make
in reference to my action in relation to this ques-
tion, during the last Congress, shall be brief, f
offered an amendment to provide for the widows
and minor children of the officers and soldiers of
the various wars. This revolutionary measure
was attached to mine in the Senate. It came back
again with some disagreement, and we had a com-
mittee of conference upon the subject. I agreed
to the measure, with the understanding that it
should not extend back beyond the date of its
As far as the matter of its having taken
$2,000,000 out of the Treasury is concerned, if I
had the work to do over again, and were satisfied
that it would take $10,000,000 to do justice to that
class of individuals for whom I was endeavoring
to provide, my course would be the same. When-
ever the case of destitute women and children
comes up here, and their rights are to be defended,
you will always find me upon their side. But
when questions come up of extending certain pro-
visions to certain individuals, who are, perhaps,
not so meritorious, I confess that I am occasion-
ally found voting against them. This is all the
explanation I have to make; and I repeat, that if
I had the same thing to do over again, though
$10,000,000 stared mo in the face, my course
would be the same.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I also desire to make a
brief explanation.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the gentleman will
allow this matter to go over, and that we go into the
Committee of the Whole on the special order,
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no objection to
that, if the gentleman from Virginia, by whose
courtesy I have the floor, will permit the motion
to be made.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I then move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. MILLSON*. I think we had better dispose
of this matter now. I do not yield the floor for
that purpose.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will then proceed to
make my explanation now. I think this question
ought to be looked into somewhat by the House
before it is finally disposed of. I think the meas-
ure introduced yesterday by the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Edmands] ought
not to be voted down upon asingleargument made
against it. I made the motion to reconsider the
vote by which it was referred to the Committee of
the Wh'ole on the state of the Union, not for the
purpose of discussing it this morning. I desired
that the motion to reconsider mightbe entered and
passed over for the present, in order that all of us
might have time to examine the question, and be
prepared to express ourselves upon it when it
should again come up for action. But the gentle-
man from Virginia, who, it seems, h&isome con-
nection with it during the last session of Congress,
makes a long speech in opposition to it 'his morn-
ing. Sir, I had nothing to do with the matter
during the last Congress. I was not connected
with the committee which had charge of it, and I
did not examine into the merits and demerits of
the bill. But the gentleman from Virginia having
this morning made along speech against the meas-
ure, and then moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table, the effect of which is practi-
cally to take the subject out of the control of the
House, I hope the motion will not be sustained.
The persons who are to receive the benefits of
this act are not long to remain among us to receive
any benefit that we can confer upon them. They
are the widows of revolutionary soldiers; and
therefore I say, that if this bill is to pass at all it
ought to pass this session. If it be finally re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, it will not be reached again till the
next session; before which time half the persons
it is designed to benefit will have passed beyond
its power to benefit. Hence I made the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, that the matter miffht be within the
control ofthe House. I thmk this was very right.
The gentleman from Massachusetts. [Mr. Ed-
mands,] when he introduced this bill, thought that
it save a proper construction to the law of last
winter. I am not prepared to say whether it does
or does not. The House ought to consider it,
and if it does give the proper construction to that
law it ought to pass.
I cannot see why the law of 1848 should give pen-
sions to the widows who were married to revolu-
tionary soldiers prior to 1800, and deny pensions
to all who were married after that year. It is an
arbitrary arrangement, and one not founded on
any reason that I can appreciate
This bill, if it passes, will, as I understand it,
place widows who were married to revolutionary
soldiers after the year 1800, in precisely the same
position that those occupy who were married prior
to that year. I think the motion to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table ou^ht not to prevail, but
that the motion to reconsider ought to be kept
under the control of the House.
Mr. MILLSON. One word in reply to the
remarks which have been made, and in explana-
tion of my personal position. I tun not very fond
of addressing the House. I trust that my course
here during a service—now not a very brief one—
has already enabled gentlemen to perceive that I
am notforward to address the House; and I think
I am generally even more reluctant to speak than
the House can be to hear me. I rarely do so
except when I think I am under some obligation
to communicate to the House the result of investi-
gations that f may have made; and, 1 must confess,
that I sometimes blame myself for allowing my
unwillingness to ask the attention of the House,
to prevent me from saying what it would perhaps
be right for me to say.
But the gentleman from Indiana states that I
made a bitter and relentless speech against the
bill, and then concluded by moving to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table. Why the gen-
tleman will recollect, that with the very view of
enabling others to present their views to the
House, I myself invited gentlemen to take the
floor during my hour before 1 closed. I invited
them to make such explanations as they desired
to make. I refused the floor to nobody, and three
or four gentlemen have sought and held the floor,
for the purpose of making explanations connected
with the bill. Surely, then, the gentleman cannot
justly charge me with makingaspeech against the
bill, and then moving to lay themotion to recon-
sider upon the table, so as to exclude all further
debate. I desired to act fairly towards the House,
and made only such remarks as I thought would
induce the House to conclude that this was a bill
which ought not to be passed upon hastily. The
bill has been referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. There let it
remain. It will still be within the power of the
House. A majority can, at any time when we
go into committee, take it up and consider it. A
bill is not beyond the control of the House when
it is in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
As to the remarks of the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Cobb,] about the propriety of reliev-
ing the wants of destitute females, perhaps my
sympathies in such cases will not be less active
than those of some other gentlemen. It does not
follow that the widows of those who served in the
revolutionary war are necessarily destitute, and
it is not the province of the Government of the
United States to relieve all cases of suffering.
When we indulge our sympathies, let us do so out
of our own private means, and not at the cost of
others. Let not gentlemen seek to place upon the
pension roll, to be supported at the public charge,
a class of persons who have themselves done no
service to the country, and who, as has been re-
peatedly decided by Congress,, have no claim
whatever on the public for support. But, at least,
though we may choose to provide for their future
support, I see no propriety in voting them a gross
sum out of the Treasury, equal to their pensions
for five years, by declaring that they shall be en-
titled to claim from 1848, instead of 3853, when
they were first placed upon the pension rolls.
I now move, Mr. Speaker, to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The question was put; pending the result,
Several Members. "Divide!" "Divide!"
The House divided; and the Speaker announced
49 in the affirmative.
Mr. ORR called for tellers.
Tellers were oidered; and Messrs. McMullin
and Robbins were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers"
reported—ayes 68, noes 65.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Mr. CLINGMA.N. I move now that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. TWEED. I demand the yeas and nays
on the last question.
Mr. HAMILTON. It is too late.
The SPEAKER. It is too late to call for the
yeas and nays after the decision is announced.
The Chair heard no demand for the yeas and nays
before the decision was announced.
Mr. FULLER. I wish to inquire, if the House
refuses to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, what will be the business
first in order ?
The SPEAKER.. The call of committees for
repoi ts.
Mr. FULLER. Then I hope the House will
not go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported, as correctly enrolled, House bills
of the following titles:
" An act supplementary to an act, entitled ' An
act to ascertain and settle the private land claims
in the State of California,' " approved March 3,
1851;
" An act for the relief of William Blake'/' and
" An act to confirm to Hercules Dousman his
title to farm lot No. 32, adjoining: the town of
Prairie du Chsen, in the State of Wisconsin."
Thereupon the same received the signature of
the Speaker.
Mr. TWEED. Are not reports in order from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions?
The SPEAKER. They are not in order until
the pending question is disposed of.
Mr. ROGERS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to make a report from the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
The SPEAIvER. It cannot be doneunless the
pending motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole be withdrawn for that purpose.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 have no objection to
withdrawing the motion a moment, for'that pur-
pose,
