1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4$9
phia post office, as there is not room fur it in the
building in which it is at present situated.
I sent some memorials on this subject to the
Committee on the Judiciary recently, and perhaps
this resolution had better go to that committee also.
I move that it be so referred.
The motion was agreed to'.
Mr. HAVEN", from the Committee of Ways
and Meant*, reported back House bill (No. 47)
making appropriation for the support of the Mil-
itary Academy for the year ending SOth June,
1855;" with a recommendation that the House dis-
agree to the amendment^ proposed_by the Senate
to the bill.
The bitl and amendments were referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. HAVEN. Has .the bill making1 appropri-
ation for custom-houses and marine hospitals been
referred ?
The SPEAKER. It has been referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I desire to say to the
Chair that I will withdraw the motion which I
submitted yesterday, to reconsider the vote by
which the deficiency bill was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent, if there be no objection,
however, the gentleman will have leave to with-
draw the motion.
No objection being made, the motion to recon-
sider was then withdrawn.
Mr. MACE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill " for the relief of General John
E. Wool;" which was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and, together with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. MACE, from the same committee, reported
a bill " for the relief of the legal representatives of
Colonel Francis Vigo, deceased;" which was read
a first and second time by its title, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, made the order
of the day for to-morrow, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. EDGERTON, from the Committee .of
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of A.
F. Clifton, made an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to lie upon the table, and be printed.
Mr. EDGERTON, from the same committee,
reported back bill of the Senate " for the relief of
Priscilla C. Simonds with a written recom-
mendation that it be rejected.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and, together with the accompanying re-
port, was ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDGERTON. I am also directed, by the
same committee, to report the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of the House, to John Lee, $*25<l; Hbemjjtlie sum with-
held from him by Richard M. Young, whencierk of this
House.
The question was put, and the resolution was
adopted.
On motion by Mr. CURTIS, it, was
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of Allan Mead
and others, asking compensation for losses sustained by
John Mead, during the war of the Revolution ; and that it
be reterred to the Commitiee on Revolutionary Claim's.
On motion by Mr. CURTIS, it was
Oidcred, That the Committee of Claims be discharged
fioin the f uithe'r consideration of the petition of John Bald-
win, asking for the pxyment of a balance undei a contract
Villi the Navy Department; and that it be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. LETCHER, from the Committee of
Claims, made an adverse report on the petition of
John T. Ball, praying for extra pay for services
rendered in the office of the Clerk of the House
of Representatives; and it was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. FULLER. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Commerce, to report back, with certain
amendments, Senate bill (No. 39) "to extend the
warehousing system, by establishing private
bonded warehouses,and forotherpurposes." And
I am directed to ask that the bill arid amendments,
and the letter ot the Secretary of the Treasury,
together with the letter of the collector of customs
of New Orleans accompanying them, be printed;
and that the bill and amendments be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Jt was so ordered.
Mr. FULLER. I now move to reconsider that
motion, and 1 ask to make a word of explanation
whyldoso. When the bill and amendments and
letters are printed the Ho-use will see that there is
a necessity for immediate action in the matter.
And after they have been printed I propose, at
the proper time, to call the attention of the House
to the matter, and to ask for its consideration.
Mr, DUNBAR. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Commerce to report back, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, Senate bill (No. 55) "to
extend the limits of the port of New Orleans."
The SPEAKER. What motion does the gen-
tleman make m reference to it?
Mr. DUNBAR. I ask that the bill beputupon
its passage. There will be, I believe, no objec-
tion made to it. I request that the bill be now
read.
The Clerk reported the bill, as follows:
"That the port of New Orleans he so extended as to em-
brace the right bank of the Mississippi river for the same
distance up the said bank as it now extends on the loft
bank."
The bill was then ordered for a third reading;
and it was read the third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. DUNBAR, it was
Ordered, That the Commitiee on Commerce;, to whom
was refei red flouse bill No. 113, upon the same subject, be
discharged from its further consideration, and that the same
be laid upon the table.
Mr. MILLSON, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back, with a recommendation that
it do not pass, Senate bill (No. 50) " for the relief
of the legal repi esentatives ofNoah Miller, of JLin-
cohiville, in the State of Maine, and for the relief
of other persons."
The bill was ordered to lie upon the table, and
the report to be printed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Has the morn-
ing hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Olds in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the business be-
fore the committee was the consideration of House
bill (No.37) "to encourageagriculture,commerce,
manufactures, and all other branches of industry,
by granting to every man who is the head of a
family, and a citizen of the United States,ahome-
stead of one hundred and sixty acres of land out
of the public domain, upon condition of occu-
pancy and cultivation of the same for the period
herein specified;" and that the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Boyce] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BOYCE addressed thecommittee on the sub-
ject of the tariff. He advocated such a system as
would impose the least amount of taxation upon
the people possible by which the Government could
be supported. He maintained, that any tariff sys-
tem which cherished and protected one branch of
industry at the expense of others was unconsti-
tutional. He was opposed to the principle .of levy-
ing upon the people a tax to build up any system
of manufacture which was in itself unprofitable;
and maintained that the proper principle of econ-
omy for the United States was to buy in the cheap-
est market and sell in the dearest.
[The speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, here obtained
the floor.
Mr. HAVEN. The gentleman from Georgia
is laboring under ill health, and, with his permis-
sion, I will move that the committee do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. With the indulgence of
the House, the Chair would suggest that the gen-
tleman from Georgia, being in ill health, desires
to speak the first thing to-morrow morning. If
he will give way, other gentlemen can occupy the
door this afternoon, and, by unanimous consent,
the gentleman from Georgia can have the floor
to-morrow morning.
[Cries of " Yes !" " Yes!"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
that to-morrow is private bill day, and private bill
days are excepted out of the special order. Yet,
if they think proper, the House can go into com-
mittee, notwithstanding.
_Mr. STEPHENS. I am perfectly willing to
yield the floor, with the understanding that the
next time the House goes into committee I shall
have the floor upon this bill.
[Cries of " Agreed !" " Agreed !"]
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection,
that understanding will be considered as the
pleasure of the House.
No objection being made,Mr. Stephens yielded
the floor, and
Mr. SAPP obtained it,who addressed thecom-
mittee in favor of the homestead policy, maintain-
ing that it was constitutional and wise. [This
speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Having- concluded—
Mr. KERR obtained the floor.
Mr. DEAN. Will the gentleman from Georgia
yield the floor, to enable me to make a motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remark
to the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Kerr,] that the gentleman from Georgia is entitled
to the floor, and has, in consequence of indisposi-
tion, postponed addressing the House until to-
morrow morning. That gentleman will therefore
be heard first to-morrow; but as the gentleman
from North Carolina has now obtained the floor,
it will be given to him next after the gentleman
from Georgia.
Mr. DEAN. 1 move that the committee do
and the motion was
now rise.
The question was put,
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chairman
(Mr. Olds) reported to the House that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had under consideration the
Union generally, and especially House bill No.
37—being the homesteau bill—and had come to
no resolution thereon.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly adjourned, at half-past
hree o'clock, p. m , till to-morrow.
i
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 17, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was; read and approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MORTON. I ask leave to withdraw from
the files of the Senate the memorial of Charles
Evans i\nd others, for losses sustained by the oc-
cupation of their land by troops of the United
States in 1814.
The PP^ESIDENT. No motion of the kind
can be entertained. This is private bill day.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the Senate will grant
me unanimous consent to have these papers with-
drawn, and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
There bein<r no objection, leave was granted.
Mr. PRATT. Now let us go on with private
bills.
The PRESIDENT. If there be any objection
the Chair cannot entertain any motion in refer-
ence to any business except private bills.
Mr. PRATT. If we are to take up the Private
Calendar we had better proceed with it at once.
If on the other hand, it is the desire of the Senate
not to proceed with private business, we had
better take up the special order immediately.
Mr PETTIT. I wish to make some reports
from the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. PRATT. The ruleisthat the Private Cal-
endar shall be taken up to the exclusion of all other
business.
Mr. PETTIT. I wish to know what the rule
jg whether it applies to the Private Calendar
alone, or to private bills?
The PRESIDENT. The rule is as follows:
Rcsolni, That for the residue of the present session,
