1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1149
colleague, [Mr. Pearce,] and the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker,] suppose it is entirely
improper the Senate should send to the House of
Representatives for the return of a bill which has
passed the Senate. I apprehend that if the effect
of the vote upon this occasion be to adopt that as
a precedent, as a common rule of action, it would
be fruitful of great injury to the interests of the
country and to ourselves. But, sir, under our
rules, every Senator, who votes in the majority,
upon a bill, has three days within which to move
a reconsideration. The adoption of the rule of
practice contended for by the Senator from Wis-
consin would, however, have this effect: if a bill
be passed at this period, and before the close
of the session, as in this case, it is immediately
transmitted to the House; and that right, which is
secured to each member who voted in the majority,
to move a reconsideration, is entirely destroyed
and taken away from him. The result must be
that we shall instruct the Secretary m no case to
send a bill which has passed the Senate to the
other House, until the expiration of the period
which the rules of the Senate give to members to
move a reconsideration, or we have the power to
make the order, which is now proposed to be
made by the motion of the Senator from Indiana.
That must be the result.
Now, Mr. President, my honorable friend from
Wisconsin says, that there is no case in which the
Senate has asked for the return of a bill where
an amendment is necessary as a matter of sub-
stance; and that the only instance of such a request
being1 made, is where the bill requires an amend-
ment in a matter of form, as in the case of the bill
returned on the motion of the honorable Senator
from Arkansas, and other cases to which he has
referred. I submit to the Senator, whether it is
reasonable to suppose that we have power to bring-
back a bill which has gone to the other House for
the purpose of amendment, merely in a matter of
form, and that we have not power to bring it back
to amend it in a matter of substance?
Mr. WALKER. If the Senator will allow me,
I will say that 1 certainly must have expressed
myself in such a manner as to be misunderstood,
if I said any such thing. I intended not to speak
of bringing back a bill for amendment at all.
What I said was, that I did not think there was a
case where a bill had been recalled by the Senate
from the House of Representatives, for the pur-
pose of considering it upon its merits de novo; but
that there were instances of bills being recalled
for such purposes as correcting them, whether in
form or substance, in a material part. I instanced
the case of the bill brought back on the motion of
the Senator from Arkansas, where we intended to
repeal an act, but had recited it by a wrong date,
so that it would not have accomplished the object
we had in view.
Mr. PRATT. It amounts, Mr. President, as
I humbly submit, to the same proposition. Now,
my friend from Indiana, who voted with the ma-
jority in favor of this bill, is convinced that his
vote was wrong, and that the man is not entitled
to the $30,000 which is proposed to be appropri-
ated by the Government. As he has correctly
stated, if the amount were three millions, the prin-
ciple would not be alteied. He is convinced that
he was in error. Under the rules of the Senate
he has three days in which to move a reconsider-
ation of that vote. But the bill has been sent to
the other House, and by the argument he is
therefore deprived of that privilege which the rules
of the Senate allow. I submit, that it is important
to the body, with a view to its future action, that
we should agree to this motion at any rate, and
ask the House to send the biil back to us, even if
the vote is to be cast as it was before, for the pur-
pose of putting down the idea that we have no
power, in the event of the Secretary sending a bill
over to the House directly when it has passed, to
exercise the privilege given to us under the rules
of the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. I was not present yesterday
when the vote was taken upon this bill. Perhaps
it would be a strong expression to say the bill was
taken out of its order, because I presume it is in
the power of the Senate at any time to lay aside
any particular business and take up any other;
but I will say that I think this bill properly should
have been taken up on the day set aside for the
consideration of private bills; and to this extent,
therefore, I think 1 am justified in saying that it
was taken up, as far as usage was concerned, out
of its order, and' it was considered at a time when,
I presume, many were not prepared to attend to it.
I do not say that I would have been here on
Friday, the day on which such bills are usually
considered; but 1 am prepared to say, that many
would have been here who were not here at the
time it was taken up. I, for one, expected that the
Indian appropriation bill would have been under
consideration yesterday, and having made up my
mind on the provision which was then under con-
sideration, I did not think it important to be pres-
ent during the early part of the day.
One word more. Three days are allowed for the
reconsideration of bills which have passed this
House. I regard it as a very valuable and im-
portant security against hasty legislation; and I
am one of those who are in favor of interposing
all proper impediments—I do not mean unneces-
sary, hut all fair impediments—to hasty legisla-
tion; and unless we can have this bill brought back
to us by this motion, the rule allowing three days
for its reconsideration becomes nugatory. I think
it ought to be brought back, and I am willing then
to hear such arguments as may be submitted in
relation to it.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I think it is
never too late to do right. If there has been an
error committed in the passage of this bill, it
ought to be corrected. There is a plain way to do
that, and it is by sending to the House of Repre-
sentatives for the bill, according to the ancient
usage of the Senate; I say, the ancient usage of
the Senate. Though the honorable Senator from
Indiana speaks of his recollection of precedents of
this kind for eleven years, I can refer to prece-
dents of the same kind twenty years ago. If he
will look back to the proceedings of the year 1834,
he will find that the light-house bill of that year,
after having been defeated in the Senate, was sent
buck to the House, and then the Senate sent to
the House for the bill, and, after considering it
again, passed it. That was an example, I respect-
fully submit to the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin, where a bill was reconsidered on its whole
merits.
Mr. President, there are but few gentlemen in
this body who will take the pains to investigate
these private claims; and we ought to be under
greater obligations to those gentlemen who do, for
the labor which they bestow on those subjects to
which the rest of us do not attend. My course
has been to pin my faith, in regard to private
claims, upon the repoits of the committees, for
the plain reason that I cannot geneially investigate
the subject myself. When I find an objection
made to a report, and the report is proved to be
wrong, then, of course, I vote accoidmg to my
convictions against it. Now, sir, my colleague,
who has looked into this subject, and who has
bestowed as much attention upon the subject of
claims as any member of this body, desires to be
heard in reference to this bill; and other gentlemen
express strongly the opinion that an error has
been committed. Well, what is there in this par-
ticular case that should prevent us from reviewing
the decision we have made ? If there is any ground
to believe that we have committed an error, it is
our duty to reexamine the subject. I trust that
the motion will prevail
Mr. JBKLL. Mr. President, this is certainly a
parliamentary motion, and one that is known to ;
the usages of legislative bodies, and particularly
in the Parliament of GreatBritain. But I venture
to say there is no precedent for such a proposition
as the present, upon the allegations that are now
made, as to the grounds for this motion. This is
the case of a claim which has been pending for
t someten oreleven years; which has been discussed
: over and over again; which a trusted committee
! of this body—the Committee on Naval Affairs—
: have carefully considered and weighed; and on
I which they have made a detailed report, that has
| been upon our tables, not only during the present
| session of Congress, but has been on the desks of
' Senators who have been members of the last two
or three Congresses. Now, after it has passed
upon a further, or new discussion, it is proposed
i to ask the House to return it to us, upon the alle-
1 gation of one, or two, or three Senators, who say
i they think they can demonstrate, if the bill be
; brought back to the Senate, that an error was
| committed in the vote of the Senate in passing
I that bill. I say the precedent for such a motion,
founded only upon such circumstances as are here
presented, is not, in my opinion, to be found upon
parliamentary records. If there were mistakes,
as stated by the Senator from Delaware, that
would be one thing. There would be good ground
for the application, if the Senate were satisfied
there was a gross error; that there was a general
misapprehension of the grounds upon which this
report was made; that the amount of the claim had
been largely exaggerated over any amount which
there were any possible grounds for bestowing, or
if there had been something like management on
the side of the supporters of the bill in taking the
body by surprise, simply upon the report coming
in on a bill that had not been under consideration
before. If such circumstances were pointed out,
they would be a good ground upon which to make
the application to the other House to return the
bill to the Senate. I apprehend that some such
mistake will be found to have been alleged in every
proposition for the return of a bill. I do notdoubt
that the honorable Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Bayard,] who took objection to this bill the other
day, is perfectly sincere. No doubt he thinks he
shall be able to demonstrate to the Senate that the
claim ought not to be allowed.
Mr. CLAYTON. Will my friend from Ten-
nessee allow me to state the grounds on which, in
the case of the light house bill, to which I have
referred, the motion was made to send for the bill,
and it was returned to the Senate?
Mr. BELL. Certainly.
Mr. CLAYTON. That bill was defeated by
the votes of some gentlemen who were in favor of
the doctrine of internal improvements. For some
reason, two or three of them had joined the oppo-
nents of the whole system of light-houses. Then,
those of us who lived along the sea-coast and the
lakes, thought, if they intended to play that game
with us, we would let them know that some
things could be done as well as others; and we
notified them that they might look out the next
time an internal improvement bill came up, and
if we were to have no light houses on the coast,
we would attend to the internal improvements for
which they were very anxious. Having given
them fairly to understand that, they agreed to re-
consider the light-house bill, and it was very pru-
dent for them to do so. They made the motion
to send to the House for the bill on that ground.
I may say, to be sure, with my friend, that they
made a mistake, but not in the way he has men-
tioned.
Mr. BELL. Where there is a mistake, it is a
legitimate ground for the exercise of this parlia-
mentary privilege. There was a case where
those men, who made the motion to send to the
House for the return of the bill, did it for fear
they would lose other measures which were pend-
ing. If so, it is a parliamentary precedent which,
I think, should hardly be followed now.
I do not know, sir, that it is worth while to
make any other remarks upon this subject; but I
wish to say that I voted for this bill yesterday
when it passed, though I believe it will be found,
on searching the record, that I voted against the
same bill upon a former occasion. I do not, how-
ever, deem myself bound, on every occasion,
when 1 feel called upon, in my judgment, to
change my vote on such a question, to give any
explanation; though, of course, if I am called to
account for it, I expect to be able to justify my-
self. I f I remember aright, the discussions which
took place on the subject at former sessions of
Congress, the oppovsition which was raised to it
was chiefly by a former Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Underwood.] I confess, my sympathies,
my feelings, and my judgment were in favor of
the course which he suggested; for it was then, or
if not then, it might at some other time, be in the
power of the Body to correct what the Senator
from Kentucky considered a gross injustice. If
1 am not mistaken, however, the whole opposi-
tion of that honorable Senator to the bill was not
founded upon the idea that great injustice had not
been done to this petitioner by the Government,
but that he was not the proper person to whom
the money should be paid. The Government
made a contract with him, which consumed four,
or five, or six years of his time, during which he
devoted himself exclusively to it. He was still
more deeply committed; for he, having but small
resources of his own, had gone to the States of
Kentucky and Missouri and obtained credit for
