1150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
himself by showing the contract which he had
with the Government, and induced a number of
hemp-growers in those States to embark in the
experiment with him; and 1 believe in Missouri,
as well as in Kentucky, they did embark in it.
They were at great expense and trouble in so doing.
They changed their former policy in preparing
hemp for market, and undertook to water-rot it.
At the time to which I refer, I carefully looked
into the case, and examined the evidence pro and
con., and my recollection is, that the proof was
conclusive, at least it was to my mind, that as
good water-rotted hemp as was ever imported into
this conntry from Russia, was prepared by those
farmers, and sold to Mr. Myerle, or intrusted to
him for sale under his contract; that it was un-
justly and unfairly condemned at Boston, and
this memorialist, Mr. Myerle, having no resources
of his own, it was sacrificed. If 1 remember aright,
though I have not looked into it now for two or
three years, the proof was satisfactory, that though
this hemp was condemned, there was strong reason
to suppose it was condemned unfairly; that it was
good hemp, and (hat it was sacrificed under the
circumstances. What was the consequence ? Mr.
Myerle, having: no resources of his own, was
unable to satisfy those who furnished it to him.
Great excitement and indignation were felt, par-
ticularly in Kentucky, and also, I believe, in
Missouri. Those farmers of Kentucky and Mis-
souri had been drawn into this scheme by the repre-
sentations of Mr. Myerle, supposing that he had
such credit under his contract with the Govern-
ment that he could not fail. They entered into
his plans, and furnished this hemp; but it was
sacrificed, as I have said, and the money did not
get even into Mr. Myerle's pockets. His credit
was prostrated in consequence, and he was utterly
rumed.
This is the proof, as I understand it. After
having given, not only his own time, but having
contracted these honest obligations with the farm-
ers of Kentucky and Missouri, the indignation
and excitement of those farmers against him, under
the circumstances, rose to such a height, that they
opposed the making of any compensation to him
unless they could be secured at the same time.
Mr. TOOMBS. Is the Senator arguing the
motion before the Senate ?
Mr. BELL. I am onlystating the grounds on
which I think this is not a fair case, on any argu-
ment that can be reasonably presented here, for
the exercise of this usage of sending to the other
House for a bill.
The Senator from Kentucky, I think, had no
doubt whatever but that Mr. Myerle had been
deeply aggrieved; but he supposed that some pro-
vision could be made legitimately, by which his
creditors would be secured in the enjoyment of a
portion at least of the indemnity granted by this
Government. That question was largely and in-
geniously discussed; and it seemed to be difficult
to adopt any plan by which thatsecuuty could be
given to them. Even now I suppose that, accord-
ing to the argument which was urged upon that
occasion, we cannot here undertake to decide the
relative claims of the farmers who produced this
hemp, and Mr. Myerle, to this indemnity. I think,
however, that there can be no doubt of the fact
that the Government owes this indemnity either to
one or the other of the parties; and as Mr. Myerle
himseKwas the contractor, the strongest and most
satisfactory view that can be j^iven of the subject
is, that we have nothing to do with the creditors
of Mr. Myerle, but that they must be left to the
courts to decide upon their rights. If Congress
shall grant him the proposed indemnity, they can
step in, and, by resort to the judicial tribunals,
right the wrong which has been done them by
Mr. Myerle. I may be mistaken, but I think
that this was the ground of opposition offered to
the bill by the honorable Senator from Kentucky
at a former day, and in that ground I sympathized
with him. I believe he never impunged lite idea
that great wrong and injury had been done to Mr.
Myerle, but he considered that greater injury had
been done to those who trusted him under the
faith of the contract, and that the indemnity ought
JLo go to them, and not to him. ° '
Mr. IOOMBS. Mr. President, the argument 1
pf the Senator from Tennessee is one relative to the >
merits of the claim, and not in reference to the mo- !
tion before the Senate. The motion before the Sen- j
ate, made by the Senator from Indiana, is one of !
right, and not of favor, and ought not to be determ-
ined with reference to the merits or demerits of the
claim. Under the rules of the Senate, a member
voting with the majority has three days within
which to move a reconsideration. Shall he lose
this right, secured to him by the rules, in conse-
quence of the action of the ministerial officer of
this body? That is the question. Strictly, the
practice ought to be, that a bill ought not to leave
this body as long as that right attaches to it. It
ought not to go within the three days, without
the special order of the Senate, except, perhaps,
towards the close of the session, when it would
not be proper to detain a bill for that period. But
as long as there is a right over the bill by any
Senator, it ought not to go from under the control
of this body, under proper parliamentary usage.
I am not familiar with the usages of-this body;
but I know, where the same rule obtains, the
usage has been, everywhere, that, as long as this
right attaches to any gentleman to move to recon-
sider, the subject ought not to be taken beyond
his reach. Now, as a Senator has this right, the
question is, can he be deprived of it by the act of
the ministerial officer of this House ? I think not;
and, therefore, this motion to put him in a con-
dition where he can use the power granted by the
rules, is a matter of right, and not of favor. It
is of vastly more importance to this body to
maintain its rights, than to pass forty such claims
as the one now under consideration.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is, pet haps, proper that I
should state that it was my intention to make the
motion to reconsider yesterday; but 1 was out of
the Chamber at the time the Senate adjourned, as
they adjourned earlier than I anticipated, and,
consequently, I did not then make the motion. I
made it at the earliest time I could this morning.
The honorable Senator from Georgia, however,
has anticipated the remarks which I intended to
make. He has piesented to the Senate the point
on which this case turns. Under the rule, as a
matter of course, having voted with the majority,
I have a right to move to reconsider within three
days. Suppose the Secretary had not reported
the bill to the House, it would have been clearly
improper to resist my motion. The motion to re-
consider would then have been the only motion
necessary. I do not intend, by making the mo-
tion, to reach the merits of the bill; and I deny
that, under our rules, the merits of the claim are
debatable under this motion. I have a right to
make the motion under the rule; and until the
rule be altered, the Senate cannot prevent action
upon my motion.
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin stated
that the precedent set last week was only to cor-
rect an error; that it was to correct a matter of
form, and not of substance. That is a strange
argument. It is, in effect, that the Senate may
make the order, for which I ask in this case, for
the purpose of correcting an error of date, but
cannot make the order to correct a matter of sub-
stance. Now, sir, as I remarked before, under
the rule 1 have a right to make this motion; and it
should prevail, as a matter of course. I can turn
to precedents where, when bills have not only
been sent to the House, but where, when they
have been passed by the House, they have been
returned to the Senate on their request. Yea, I
can go further, and show precedents where bills
have passed the House and the Senate, and gone
to the President, when they have been returned
on the request of the House which last acted upon
tlifem.
I am violating no rule in making this motion;
but, to prevent a similar occurrence, and an ex-
tended debate on a subject of this kind hereafter,
I intend to move to amend the rules so as to pre-
vent the Secretary from reporting to the House
any bill which originates here until at least one
day shall have elapsed, unless otherwise ordered
by the Senate. There ought to be such a rule.
At least, so long as the present rule exists, that a
reconsideration can be made within three days, no
bill should be sent from this to the other House,
unless by order of the Senate, until the expiration
of the three days.
I have stated that my object, in moving this re-
consideration, was to bring back this bill, that its
merits might be reconsidered. If the Senator from
Delaware can make it appear that this claim has
no merit, as a matter of course, the bill ought not
to pass. He is not alone in that opinion. I find by
reference to the Journals that when this claim was
last before the Senate, it did pass, but it passed, as
the Senator from North Carolina has stated, with an
amendment. What was that amendment ? Itwas
to appropriate $10,000 instead of $30,000; and it
passed upon a vote, by yeas and nays, of 24 to
24 on the amendment, the casting vote in favor of
it being given by the then Vice President.
Mr. BADGER. That vote was not on the pas-
sage of the bill
Mr. BRIGHT. It was on the amendment ap-
propriating $10,000, which, as a matter of course,
affected the merits of the question. I do not wish
it to be understood that I have made a motion
which is not within the rules. I submitted a mo-
tion clearly within the rules, and one that has
generally been allowed to pass without opposi-
tion. I believe this is the first instance since I
have had the honor of a seat in this body whefe
a motion to return a bill under like circumstances
has been resisted.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, T do not agree
with my friend from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]
that the application now made to the Senate is a
matter of right. The rule of the Senate is, that a
reconsideration may be moved while the subject-
matter is before the Senate, or in the possession of
! the Senate, at any tune within two days succeed-
i ing the day on which the vote may have been
! taken; but when the subject has passed out of the
jurisdiction of the Senate, the motion to recon-
sider is not in order, manifestly because the Sen-
ate cannot reconsider a vote on any subject of
which it has not possession. Suppose, for in-
stance, that the Senate now should pass a vote to
reconsider this bill, and then should send to the
House of Representatives for the bill, and the
House should decline to return it. That shows
at once it would be a perfectly idle thing for us to
reconsider a subject not before the Senate; but the
rule expressly provides for it.
Now, sir, the uniform practice of the Senate has
bepn, I believe, from the time when it commenced
its proceedings, that whenever a bill passes this
body, so soon as it is engrossed and ready to be
sent to the House of Representatives, it is taken
by the Secretary, as a matter of course, unless
there be some motion to reconsider, or unless
some gentleman intimates to the Secretary that he
does not wish the bill carried to the House; in
which case it is always retained until the time for
a reconsideration has expired, or until the Senate
order otherwise. So much is that the course of
the Senate, that it is an order entered upon the
Journal, of course, in every instance, as Senators
will find on looking at the Senate Journal, when-
ever a bill passes, that it shall be taken to the
House of Representatives for its concurrence.
This is the form:
"Rcwlrcd, That this bill pass, and that the title thereof
be as aforesaid.
Otdrrrd, That the Secretary request the concurrence
of the lloti-e of Representatives in thi* hill."
This is the order, of course, just like the order
when a vote has passed of which it is necessary
to inform the House. It is entered, " Ordered,
That the Secretary inform the House of Repre-
sentatives accordingly." It is a regular order
entered in every instance, and to be executed im-
mediately, unless there be some intimation to the
contrary.
Mr. BELL. Will the Senator read the rule ?
Mr. BADGER. These are the words of the
rule:
"20. When a auction ha5 hern once made and carried
in the atYirm.Uive, or negative, it shall be in order for any
member of the majority to move for the reconsideration
thereof; hut no motion for the ^consideration of any vote
shall be? in order after a bill, resolution, message, report,
amendment, or motion, upon which the vote wac taken,
*hdll have gone out of the po<^e<-sun> of the Senate, an-
nouncing their decision : nor shall any motion for recon-
sideration be in order, unless made on the same day on
which the vote was taken, or within the two next days of
actual ses«ioa of the Senate thereafter."
First, it cannot be moved after the matter has
gone out of the possession of the Senate: nor can
it be moved after the expiration of two days suc-
ceeding the day on which the vote was taken.
Now, sir, having said this, although 1 believe,
with my friend from Maryland, [Mr. Peakce,]
that it is establishing m itself rather a dangerous
practice for the Senate to commence sending to
the House of Representatives for the return of
private bills upon which it has passed, for recon-
sideration upon their merits; nevertheless, under
