440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Fob. 17,
t
every Friday shall be set apart exclusive for the considera-
tion of private bills on the general orders of the day ; and
that on the first Friday of every month, no such bill shall
be taken up to which there may be objection, or the consid -
eration of which may lead to debate.
Mr. FOOT. 1 do not propose to commit any
breach of the rule, but f ask the indulgence of the
Senate, and their unanimous consent, to allow me
to make a report from the Committee on Public
Lands, which I had not the opportunity to make
yesterday morning. It is important that the re-
port should be presented now. It is a railroad
bill. I desire to have it deferred for consideration
until Monday morning with the other bills which
have been assigned for that day. I presume there
will be no objection to that.
Mr. PRATT. I feel very reluctant to do an
act of discourtesy towards any one. Such is not
my intention certainly. But the rule of the Sen-
ate is that to-day is to be exclusively occupied in
the consideration of private bills which have been
heretofore reported, and are upon the Calendar.
- Now, sir, if it be the desire of the Senate that we
shall depart for to-day from that rule, well and
good; but if we are to proceed with the Private
Calendar, let us commence at once. For the last
two or three Fridays the consideration of private
bills on the Calendar has been broken in upon. I
hope my friend from Vermont [Mr. Foot] will
not suppose that it is from any indisposition to
indulge him in reporting his bill that I object.
Mr. FOOT. Certainly not.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made,
the Senate will now proceed to the consideration
of private bills.
Mr. SHIELDS. I desire to inquire whether
the rule excludes the introduction of private bills?
The PRESIDENT. It does. It excludes
everything but the consideration of piivate bills
on the Calendar.
HODGES, LANSDALE, AND JOHNSON.
The Senate, as m Committee of the Whole,,
resumed the consideration of the bill reported from
the Committee of Claims, for the relief of Hodges
and Lansdale, and of the legal representatives of
Rinaldo Johnson, and of Ann E. Johnson, de-
ceased.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cer of the Treasury to audit their claims for
tobacco destroyed by the British in 1814, at the
warehouses at Nottingham and Magruder's Ferry,
Prince George's county, Maryland, and from
such competent proof as may be exhibited to
them, within six months after the passage of the
bill, ascertain the quantity and value of the tobacco
so destroyed, and pay the amount.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to make some re-
marks upon the bill. Before doing so, I ask for
the reading of the report of the Committee of
Claims.
The report was accordingly read.
Commodore Barney, in 1814, commanded the
United States flotilla, designed by the American
Government to protect the Chesapeake bay and
its tributaries from the naval force of the enemy.
To prevent the capture of the vessels under his
command, he was compelled toabandon the Ches-
apeake, and was induced to sail up the Patuxet
river, one of its tributaries, with the hope that
the British would be unable, or at least unwilling,
to follow with their larger vessels. This expect-
ation, however, was not realized. Pie was pur-
sued by the enemy, and was compelled to blow
up his vessels to prevent their capture. From that
period the Patuxet river was occupied by the naval
forces of the enemy, and became the point from
which vaiious military expeditions were ordered
against the surrounding country,terminating with
the capture of Washington, and the burning of
the Capitol. General Winder was placed m com-
mand of this military division; the militia was
called out to resist the landing of the British forces,
and for a considerable period were successful; in
several instances in preventing the landing, and in
all instances in driving the enemy back to their
vessels.
Two public warehouses had been erected many
years before this per'od, upon the margin of the
Patuxet, for the inspection arid deposit of the
tobacco grown by the citizens of Prince George's
county—one xxt the village of Nottingham, the
other at Magruder's Ferry. These houses were
in 1814 filled with hogsheads of tobacco3 the prop-
erty of the planters of that county, or of mer-
chants who had purchased it for shipment; and
the tobacco for winch remuneration is now claimed
by the petitioner, R. Johnson, had been deposited
in the warehouse at Magruder's Ferry, and the
tobacco for which payment is asked by Hodges
& Lansdale was deposited in the warehouse at
Nottingham. The warehouse at Magruder's
Ferry was burned by the British, with all the to-
bacco it contained; and all the tobacco in the
warehouse at Nottingham was either taken away
or burned by the enemy.
The petitioners could not have claimed indem-
nity under the general laws of 1816 and 1817, be-
cause the relief designed to be afforded by those
acts expressly and exclusively applied to injuries to
real properly.
The committee, however, were unable to recog-
nize the force or propriety of the distinction which
makes the United States liable for?*ea/ properly de-
stroyed by the enemy, and which exempts the
Government from liability for personal property de-
stroyed under the same circumstances; and ihey
were of opinion that the United States should be
held liable to reimburse her citizens, whenever
private property has been (in accordance with
the usages of civilized warfare) destroyed by a
public enemy, because, of ils use for military pur-
poses by the authority of an officer or agent of the
Govern ment.
In reference to the warehouse at Magruder's
Ferry, it appears that a considerable American
force was stationed behind it. Being filled with
tobacco, it afforded complete protection against
the cannon of the enemy; and a battle was fought
with the British vessels, which continued until
the ammunition of our troops was exhausted, and
they were consequently obliged to retreat. Upon
the retreat of the American force, the British
landed and burned the warehouse, with the to-
bacco of the petitioner, R. Johnson, and others
therein contained. In regard to the tobacco de-
stroyed at the Nottingham warehouse, it appears
that this warehouse was for a considerable time
the depository of the military stores intended for
th^ use of the militia employed in the defense of
this exposed section of Maryland; and that upon
one occasion the tobacco was rolled, by the direc-
tions of the officer in command, from this house,
with which a breastwork was formed, from be-
hind which the enemy were fought and repulsed.
It also appears that when the enemy subsequently
landed and proceeded to Washington, they de-
stroyed or took away all the tobacco deposited in
this warehouse, which belonged to the petitioners,
Hodges &• Lansdale, and others.
There are many precedents to show that the
Government have paid for personal property de-
stroyed under similar circumstances.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, it strikes me
that that bill carries the principle of indemnifica-
tion very far; much further than any general law
can carry it. The accidents of war are such that
no nation can, in my opinion, indemnify private
individuals for all the losses that occur. Now, the
principle of that bill, if cairied out, would require
the Government, in case a city is bombarded, and
property in that city is destroyed by such bom-
bardment, to indemnify the citizens who suffer
losses in consequence of* it.
1 do not believe that principle could be main-
tained in any country. There are certain cases
where a Government is bound to make up for
losses—that is, where the Government itself takes
possession of a house. A general law provides for
that, or where the Government troops take posses-
sion of a house, and for the time being convert it
into a fortification, and m consequence of such
occupation the house is destroyed. Then the Gov-
ernment ought to make up for the loss; but when
it is one of the inevitable and unavoidable casual-
ties of war, such as the destruction of a city, or
the destruction of property by an enemy, then I
hold the Government is not bound to make up the
loss.
When war is carried into a country, the citizens
of that country must share a portion of the calam-
ities of that war. The Government cannot indem -
nify all those who may by possibility suffer a loss.
No Government does.
What has struck me in this bill is the length to
which the principle will carry indemnification. If
we act upon the principle, and an enemy should
bombard any of our cities, as the Americans bom-
barded Vera Cruz, it will become an obligation
and the duty of the Government to make up the
losses of private citizens who suffer in conse-
quence of that bombardment. It seems to me, no
Government could indemnify them. It may be
such that it would be impossible for any exchequer
to meet the demand. I only mention this because
the bill seems to carry the principle too far.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand the Senator from
New York [Mr. Seward] proposes at one o'clock
to request the Senate to proceed to the consider-
ation oftheNebraska bill. If thatbe so,it would
be idle for me now to go into the discussion of the
principles connected with this claim.
This claim, in common with a great number of
others, was referred to me when I became a mem-
ber of the Committee of Claims at the first ses-
sion when I was a member of this body. After
giving to these cases the •'best consideration which
1 could, I made up my own opinion against them,
though my view was contrary to that of the ma-
jority of the committee; and I wish now to assign
at length, as the principles of this bill embrace a
class of cases, my reasons for opposition to the
whole. I wish to discuss the principles upon
which the bill is framed, and the application of the
facts which are proved in the case to the principle
upon which the bill is said to be founded. It will
take some time, probably, to do that; and if the
discussion is to be interrupted atone o'clock, I
should think it would be almost useless for me to
attempt to proceed now; but if, on the contrary,
it is intended to devote this day entirely to private
bills, I am perfectly ready and willing to go on.
I only wish to know what the sense of the
Senate is as to this point. The Senator from
New York is under the impression that, at one
o'clock, he will be permitted to proceed with his
remarks on the Nebraska bill. If that is the case—
if it is the understanding of the Senate that the
discussion of the Nebraska bill shall be resumed
at one o'clock, I presume it will not be proper to
go on with the discussion of this bill now. I think
it would be more agreeable to the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland, [Mr. Pratt,] who takes a
I different view of the rase from what I do, not to
devote a portion of the day to a partial discussion
of this matter, and then postpone it. I desire to
know the sense of the Senate upon that point, be-
fore going on with any remarks which I may have
to "make, and which will probably be somewhat
enlarged. With a view to test the sense of the
Senate, I move to postpone the further considera-
tion of the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I supposed that this ques-
tion was settled when the Senate met this morn-
ing—that this day, under the rule, was to be
devoted exclusively to the consideration of private
bills on the Calendar. If, howevpr, there was a
general understanding to the contrary yesterday,
I yield to that understanding. I do not wish to
interpose a single objection to what is the general
sense of the Senate. I never will do that. I do
not think it is right, when a large majority of the
Senate desires to proceed with any measure of
public business, for me to interpose my single ob-
jection.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to have the yeas and
nays upon the motion to postpone, so as to ascer-
tain whether it is the sense of the Senate.
Mr. ADAMS. Before the vote is taken on the
motion of the Senator from Delaware, I wish to
say that I think this bill passed the Senate after a
full discussion at the last session of Congiess.
The sense of the Senate was then ascertained
upon this particular bill; but there may be some
change of opinion since that time, $nd Senators
may desire to express the reasons for that change,
I should like, however, before the question is
taken upon the pending motion, to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Shields] to
a feature in this case, differing from the principle
which he thinks it involves. I am confident that
if he looks into the facts of the case he will not
only change his views, but will vote for the bill.
Mr. PRATT. He voted for it last year.
Mr. ADAMS. I have not investigated this
claim at this session of Congress; but, if I recol-
lect it aright, from what occurred at the last ses-
sion, I think it is rot one of that class of cases to
which the objection of the Senator from Illinois
would apply. The principle on which this bill is
reported is this: The property proposed to be
paid for by the bill was used as a means of de-
fense, and the proof shows that it was destroyed
