2008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
sailing vessels, occupying thirty or forty days upon
the voyage. At length it was demonstrated that
the Atlantic could be crossed by steam*, that our
steam shuttles could ply between the United States
and the other hemisphere. The Cunard line of
steamers was established jjnder the bounty of the
British Government, to ply between Liverpool and
Boston. The mails'which had heretofore been car-
ried by sailing vessels were transferred to these
steamers, and the whole business of carrying the
mails between the two continents was carried on
by the Cunard—aBritish lineof steamers—and the
United States, the greatest maritime Power in the
world, the greatest ship-buildingand ship-owning
country in the world, had nothing to do with
it. We submitted for a time, and allowed them
to monopolize the whole business. It was not
deemed to comport with our honor nor our dig-
nity, to our position, nor the advantage of the
country that it should be so; and in time a steam-
ship company of our own was established. The
steamers were constructed, and what was accom-
plished? The time now occupied in crossing the
Atlantic from^he points in Europe and America,
instead of being, as it was before the Collins line
commenced running, from fourteen to fifteen days,
is only from nine to ten days. Time is money;
and we have saved so much in hastening the tran-
sit of freight, the mails, and passengers from one
continent to another. We have done this for the
advantage of commerce. Everybody knows how
advantageous it is that correspondence should be
carried onsn the shortest possible time, with the
greatest celerity and certainty between important
commercial points.
By the construction of these steamers we gained
an important advantage. The people and the
commerce of the country have gained by it. We
have gained a thousand fold more than we have
expended on it. The postage was then four times
what it is now. That British monopoly would
have continued to this day, and may be indefinitely,
had there been no rivalry. Jn consequence of the
competition the postage has been reduced by treaty
to one half or one third what it was before, and the
ad vantage has been felt by the whole country. By
increasing the correspondence between Europe and
America, and particularly the poorer classes who
have emigrated to this land, and their friends a"t
home, we have done great service to the country.
We have, in cheapening postage to the million,
saved more than we have expended. We have
accomplished all these great results, and we find
now, although we pay $800,000 and more each
year, yet that we receive directly and indirectly,
but really and truly, over $700,000 and lose only
some $70,000 annually, and even this loss we may
hope to overcome in a year or two.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GOODE, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN. I move to strike
out the first and second lines of the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, I would inquire ol the fiiends
of the Collins line, if these ships be all that they'
are claimed to be, if they are superior to those of
the Cunard line—and I do not pretend to deny
it—how it happens that, while the two lines are
alternating in the carrying of the mails between
Europe and America, the proceeds of the Collins
line amounted only to $150,000 for the last year,
while those of the Cunard line amounted to
§439,687>
Mr. WALBRIDGE. The reason of the differ-
ence is obvious: the Cunard line made double the
number of trips.
Mr. ALLEN. But it turns out that their re-
ceipts from postage amount to three times those of
the Collins line, f ask gentlemen why this is?
1 can explain it only on one principle, and that is
that the Collins line instead of turning its attention
to the mail interests of the country, has been
looking to the carrying of passengers and freight
betwen the two countries. I can explain it on no
other principle. Look at the amount of mail
matter sent from this country, and the amount
received from Gi'eat Britain, and compare them.
While one performs fifty trips, and the other
twenty trips during the year, the former takes
three times the mail matter that the latter does.
So much for the advantage in point of vessels.
I call upon gentlemen again, I say, to explain
■why it is that the preference in the transmission
of mail matter is given to the Collins line. I know
it is said that Great Britain prefers to transport
all her mail matter upon her own line. But that
does not answer the other objection, that the
amount of matter transported from this country
to Great Britain by the Cunard line is more than
double the amount transmitted by the Collins line.
I desire to make another remark in addition to
what was said by the gentleman from Virginia,
and it is this; That the proviso in the law giving
us the power to terminate this contract with the
Collins line after the 31st of December, relates to
the termination of the contract, and not to giving
notice. Since, then, we pay an exorbitant amount
to the Collins line, and as we receive compara-
tively nothing, so far as the revenues of the Post
Office Departmentare concerned, let us bring them
back to the original contract, and let us hold them
to it, until we can get rid of the whole concern.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 do not propose to enter
into a debate upon this proposition. My object
is to see if I cannot induce the committee to come
to a vote upon it. We have but very little time
to act upon this matter. However much we may
discuss this question here, the vote we take is
hardly a test. Although I am in favor of the pro-
viso being retained in the bill, with a view of get-
ting a test vote upon it in the House by the yeas
and nays, I would rather that it be stricken out.
Let us go into the House and have a test vote upon
this thing.
[Cries of "Agreed I" Agreed !"]
The question was taken upon Mr. Allen's
amendment; and it was rejected.
The question recurred upon Mr. Clingman's
amendment.
Mr. MACE. I offer the following amendment
to strike out, from the seventh to the eighteenth
lines inclusive, and insert:
That the Postmaster General be, and he is hereby, in-
structed to declare at an end all the ocean mail steamei
service now m use, so soon as, in his opinion, the public
interest will justify it ; and he shall anticipate ihe ending
of said contracts by advertising for the like ocean innii
steamer service to the lowest and best bidder, so as not to
obstruct the mail steamer seivice now employed.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana seems to bean amend-
ment to the original section, and not an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman.]
Mr. MACE. I offer it then as an amendment
to the amendment of the gentleman from North
Carolina. I do hope that, as I have paid much
attention to this matter of ocean mail steamers,
the committee will hear me patiently; and all the
regret that I have on this occasion is, that I have
not a full hour, that I might lay before the com-
mittee, in full, the views that 1 entertain in refer-
ence to the ocean mail steamer service, not only
between New York and Liverpool, but also in re-
lation to the Sloo and Garay contracts, and the
Aspinwall contract in the Pacific, from Panama to
California and Oregon.
Sir, let the truth be told at once, that the Congress
of the United States, from 1847 down to the pres-
ent time, have been guilty of the most egregious
blunders in relation to mis whole business, in
1847, when the first contract was made for this
mail steamer service, the general idea throughout
the country in relation to it was, that it would
have a tendency to build up the Navy of the
United States. And when the bill was introduced
authorizing the construction of four steam vessels,
the question was taken, and—strange to say—not
one single speech was made upon it except by a
gentleman from Ohio. That was the cause of all
j the subsequent legislation of the same kind that
; we have had from that time to the present. Not
only have we appropriated subsidies for the Col-
lins line of steamers, but we have done the like for
all the other ocean mail service of the country.
The whole system is wrong. The Aspinwall line
and the Sloo line show out the system in bold re-
lief. More money has been appropriated for these
lines in proportion to the amount received from
postage than has been appropriated even to the
Collins line. The whole system is wrong from
beginning to end; and it is well for Congress to
consider it now.
The point is this: these contracts have ail had
ten years to run from the period at which they
were entered into. Five years of that time has
expired, and we have appropriated more than five
millions to the service without an adequate return.
All these lines are on the same footing, and now
the proposition which I offer is the only one which,
I think, Congress ought to consider in relation to
the matter—that is, to strike from the service every
single one of these mail steamers, including the
Collins line, including the Sloo line, including the
Aspinwall line—and let all these contracts come
back to Congress for readjustment.
Mr. OLDS. 1 am opposed to all these amend-
ments except the motion made by myself; and
my reason is this, that I cannot see you can ac-
complish anything by any of these other motions.
The bill proposed by the Committee of Ways and
Means makes the compensation to this line con-
tinue up to the 30th of June, 1856; and my motion
is, that after the 31st of December, you give them
the notice. There is no loss to the Government
by delaying this matter, and you thereby obviate
every difficulty. Before the 31st of December, take
up the bill reported by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and then strike out all of
these lines. Take them up together, and treat
them all together. The terms of the proviso give
six months beyond that time. I am, therefore, in
favor of putting off the whole matter until the 31st
of December, and then take up the bill on the Cal-
endar, and strike down all the lines together.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Mace's
amendment to the amendment; and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. GOODE moved a pro forma amendment,
and said;
I offer an amendment to enable me to reply
to the gentleman from Ohio, in answer to his
proposition to postpone this notice until the next
session of Congress. Now, sir, his argument is,
that we cannot give the notice until the 31st day
of December next. On the 31st day of June one
year of this contract terminates; and if we put off
the matter until the next session, and until after
the 31st of December, I fear we shall not be able
to give the six months' notice to take effect on the
31st of June, as it is just six months from the
31st of December to the 31st of June, so that
another year may commence to run under the
contract, and we shall be in for another annual
appropriation by adopting the suggestions of the
gentleman from Ohio.
I am opposed to the amendment of the gentle-
man from North Carolina, for this reason: that he
proposes to make this matter a subject of arrange-
ment between the two Governments. Such a
thing may be pending for ten years, and nobody
can tell for how long a time. If you adopt his
proposition, when we come here at the next ses-
sion and undertake to provide for giving notice
then, it will bean argument with the gentlemen
who advocate this line, that it has become a matter
of diplomatic arrangement, and that consequently
it would be indecorous to the Executive and to the
Court of St. James for Congress to undertake to
give the notice. The support of this line causes
a loss of $665,000 a year to the Treasury of the
United States. I affirm that such is the amount
of loss to the Government annually. We pay to
this line $858,000 a year; and receive in return
only $192,000, making a difference of $665,000,
throwing off fractions—a dead loss to the Govern-
ment every year. In reference to the whole sys-
tem of ocean mail steamer service, the Govern-
ment, in supporting it, sustains a dead loss of over
a million and a half of dollars, and it can be demon-
strated by the report of the Postmaster General
himself. Is Congress prepared to carry on this
system of bounties to companies and individuals,
distributing annually among a favored few—per-
haps a dozen men—$1,500,000?
Sir, I hate demagogism, and I hate dema-
gogues; but I love truth; and it is the truth that
we are taxing the people of this country at the
rate of $1,500,000 a year in supporting these
splended mail steamers. The gentleman over the
way from Ohio [Mr. Taylor] brings up the affirm-
ation of Commodore Perry as an authority that
these steamers are fit for war purposes. I affirm
that I can bring more than a dozen authorities to
support the proposition that they are unfit for, and
cannot be adapted to, the purposes of war. Not
one of the Collins line of steamers can possibly be
appropriated to that purpose. They are good for
nothing, in that respect, in comparison with the
amount of money that has been expended upon
them. This whole system is wrong^ and rotten.
Throw open the trade and the business to the
competition of all, advertise for contracts to carry
