1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JIM
the circumstances of this case, I shall vote for the
motion made by the Senator from Indiana. I shall
do it for this reason: The remarks made in the
Senate this morning have been upon the merits of
the measure. The measure has been denounced.
It has been asserted that the claim is groundless.
It has been said that if an opportunity be offered,
gentlemen can show it to be groundless. I believe
the claim to be a good one; I have been satisfied
of thtft foryears; hut. jf, under these circumstances,
and with these denunciations, and with these con-
fident promises of successful destruction of the
merits of this claim, I should vote against asking
the House of Representatives to return the bill, it
mie-ht seem as if I were disposed, from an acci-
dental circumstance, to prevent gentlemen from
having an opportunity of being heard upon this
bill; and thereby, if the Senate should adopt that
course, if those of us who voted for that bill, and
think it right, should adopt that course, it would
be calculated indirectly, in my opinion, to do more
injury to the claim before the House of Repre-
sentatives, than the examinations of gentlemen
opposed to it will do it when the question comes
under the consideration of the Senate. That is
my view of it.
Now, sir, with regard to the practice of the Sen-
ate previously, I am aware that since I have been
a member of the body, on several occasions votes
of this kind have been taken for returning bills.
I have, however, no recollection of one, except in
the case of a bill, which might be considered as
of some national importance. And the Senator
from Indiana, I think, is mistaken in supposing
that such votes have always passed without op-
position. I remember very well a bill for which
1 voted here, which was introduced, or, at least
supported by Mr. Breese when he was a Senator
from Illinois, and in which he took a great inter-
est. I had voted for the bill on its third reading;,
and it was passed. The same thing took place
then as takes place every day: The Secretary re-
ceiving; no notice to the contrary, of course carried
the bill to the House. On the next day, Mr. Al-
len, then a Senator from Ohio, desired to submit
a motion for reconsideration, and desired that
some Senator who had voted for the bill would
do it, as he was absent at the time. It was a bill
of very considerable importance; I do not now
remember what it was. The difficulty was an-
nounced to him at once by the Presiding; Officer,
that the bill was out of the possession of the Sen-
ate; and I thereupon moved an order that a re-
quest be sent to the House of Representatives for
the return of that bill. It was done; but Mr.
Breese, who was interested in the bill, opposed
the order; and my impression is that lie opposed
it very strongly. Certainly, I know it was car-
ried against his opposition. But under the cir-
cumstances of this case, I think we should adopt
this motion made by the Senator from Indiana,
and have the bill returned, in order that his motion
for reconsideration may be entered and considered.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, 1 have an ap-
peal to make to the Senate to proceed to take the
vote on the motion which has been submitted by
my friend from Indiana. I apprehend that when
we come to take the vote,'there will be no diversity
of opinion on that question; and yet, we have
been engaged during the last hour in discussing
the merits of a bill now pending in the House of
Representatives. Everybody knows that, under
the rule, if the bill was here in the possession of
the Senate, the Senator from Indiana would have
a right to move its reconsideration; but the Secre-
tary has taken that bill to the House of Repre-
sentatives. The act of that officer, as a matter of
course, cannot deprive the Senatorfrom Indiana of
any rights that are given to him under the rules
of the body. He has, therefore, a right to make
the motion; and if it becomes necessary to send
to the House of Representatives for that hill, in
order to enable him to exercise the right, 1 appre-
hend there is no Senator here who will deny it to
him. But I do appeal to the Senate not to go into
a discussion of the merits of a bill which is not
pending before us at all. Let us get that bill back
before "the Senate; and then, if the Senator from
Delaware can satisfy me that I voted incorrectly
yesterday, I shall immediately proceed to repair
the injury I have done. I have no doubt, how-
ever, that I shall be able to show conclusively that
David Myerle has a just and equitable demand
against this Government. At all events, I am
willing to hear a full investigation of that question.
Let us therefore conclude to pass this resolution,
send to the House of Representatives for the bill,
get it again in our possession, reconsider it if you
choose, and then, unless the friends of the bill can
show it to be just and equitable, let it be voted
down. I appeal to the Senate, therefore, not to
discuss this question, upon which I apprehend
there is no difference of opinion; but let us at once
send for the bill, get it into our possession, and
then decide it upon its merits.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I do not know (
for what reason honoiable Senators have brought
me in connection with this bill, except for the fact
that when it was casually taken up yesterday, out
of what 1 considered to be us proper order, 1,
having undeistood, at a former session of the :
Senate, when it was before the body, that it
underwent the opposition of a gentleman whose
argument had great weight on my mind, and
which I could not distinctly recollect, I was desi-
rous to have it postponed for the purpose of ex- |
animation. Well, sir, that courtesy or request,
or whatever you may please to call it, was refused
to me by a veiy decided vote. I therefore con-
tented myself with calling for the reading of the
report, and with stating my objections to the claim
as they appeared on the face of the report. The
Senate then decided the bill. It is at no instance
of mine that this motion is now made; nor do I
care, in any respect, whether the bill be reconsid-
ered or not; nor am i at all sure that, if it be re-
considered, I shall open my hps in reference to it,
though I shall certainly take the trouble to look
into the papers in the case for my own satisfac-
tion, and m order to govern my own vote.
Sir, I have had some expenence here, as to the
inutility of the labor of investigating private claims.
I do not mean to give to them that labor and time
which I have hitherto given, with a view to dis-
cission, though I certainly shall as regards my
own individual action. 1 am not desirous to tres-
pass upon the time of the Senate, in regard to
matters which cannot draw the attention of mem-
bers of the body, because they do not involve
popular applause. They are the mere perform-
ance of duty, a duty to the public; and though I
have been a member of this body for but a short
period, i have been heie too long not to know
that the performance of a duty to the public,
which attaches no political importance otherwise,
is not one considered of any extensive or prevailing
moment here.
But on this question I have a remark to make.
I have nothing now to do with the merits of this
claim; but the question is on reconsideration, or
rather, on the preliminary motion made by the
Senatorfrom Indiana, which is necessary before
a motion to reconsider can be made. By the rules
of the Senate, taken altogether, the intention ob-
viously is, that within thiee days or two days,
whichever you will, a motion may be made to
reconsider any bill which has passed this body. I
admit the qualification that it has not passed from
the possession of the body; if it has, you must, of
course, resort to the motion now made. But if you
give theconstruction contended foron theotherside,
that because a bill has been hurried off, immediately
after its passage, to the other House, therefore it
shall not be reconsidered, you are leaving the ques-
tion of the n^ht of a Senator to move a reconsider-
ation entirely to the caprice of your administrative
officer. Now, I am not disposed to give any such
construction to the rule. In every case, whether
I am opposed to or in favor of a bill, whenever a
motion is made to reconsider, if it ought to be re-
considered, I shall be always willing to send to
the House for it, if it shall have gone there; for I
can see no objection arising to that course. I
shall vote, therefore, for the present motion, with-
out reference to what course I may take, or whether
I will open my lips or not in regard to the merits
of the claim when it comes before the body.
Sir, it has pleased the honorable Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Badger] to make the re-
mark—and I suppose from the rest of the current
of the debate, I have a right to apply it to myself
—that confident promises have been made that
this bill could be successfully contested. If that
remark was applied to me, (and I only draw the
conjectural inference from other remarks in the
debate,) 1 can say to the honorable Senator that I
made no such allegation. I did state to the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana that I thought I could
convince him—that I felt confident 1 could con-
vince him—this bill ought not to hay* been passed.
Sir, I should consider it a hopeless task to attempt
to convince the honorable Senator from North
Carolina that any bill in favor of a private claim
against the Government ought not to be passed.
1 confess, too, that I should have very little confi-
dence indeed of arresting a claim in any case in-
volving a largeamount of gratuities to individuals,
with the knowledge I have had, and the experience
I have gathered, of the individual influences which
are brought to bear, and the fact that those who
are to act as judges in reference to clairijs are
assailed out of doors by a thousand personal ex
parte explanations; and that the whole case itself
is always based on ex parte representationsr-on
ex parte evidence. Although this is undeniably
the fact, yet, when a Senator undertakes to inves-
tigate it, when he desires simply that justice shall
be done between the Government and the individ-
ual, he cannot get any persons to listen to him.
He is considered tedious, though he is investiga-
ting questions which he considers a matter of duty,
which involves, if you please, even to a minor
degree, the interests of the Government, but still
involve them extensively as affording a precedent.
He can get scarcely a quorum of the body to
listen to him. They would rather take their in-
formation from the out-door statements of indi-
viduals interested m the claim. With the knowl-
edge I have arrived at of the great extent to which
the practice of appealing to Senators by individ-
uals who are commissioned and employed, re-
ceiving their per centage for that purpose, is carried
by operating on the individual votes of members,
and knowing, as I do, the indisposition of the
Senate to hear the public discussion of a private
claim, on the ground that it has not sufficient no-
toriety to raise the reputation of the individual
who chooses to connecthimself with it, [ certainly
feel no disposition, whatever my own convictions
may be, to attempt, and certainly 1 cannot expect,
to convince the Senate of the propriety of those
convictions; but I did think, and I think still, that
I might be able to convince the honorable Senator
from Indiana of the impropriety of this claim.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from Delaware, I am sorry to say, seems
not to be exactly in a good and pleasant humor in
relation to this subject. He says that, if I meant
to intimate in what I said, that he had announced
an ability to show that this claim was not well
founded, I made a mistake. He announces, how-
ever, that he did say to the Senator from Indiana,
that he thought he could convince him; but he says
he never did think that he should be able to con-
vince me that any private claim against this Gov-
ernment was not well founded.
Well now, eir, the first proposition which the
honorable Senator has laid down, that he will be
able to convince the Senator from Indiana, I have
no doubt is true, for the reason that the Senator
from Indiana has announced this morning, if [
understood him, that he is already convinced this
is not a good claim, and it will not require any
extraordinary skill in dialectics to convince the
Senator from Indiana that the opinion which he
has now formed is a correct one.
Mr. BRIGHT. I know the Senator from North
Carolina would not willingly misrepresent me———
Mr. BADGER. Certainly not.
Mr. BRIGHT: I made no such statement as
he attributes to me.
Mr. BADGER. I so understood the Senator.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then the Senator misunder-
stood me.
Mr. BADGER. At least the Senator from In-
diana intimated, if I understood him, that the
opinion under which he had voted in favor of the
claim had been greatly shaken by something he
had heard, or something he had looked into, since
the vote was taken. Under such circumstances,
perhaps, the Senator from Delaware may be able
to produce that conviction in him.
But, sir, the Senator says he has no expecta-
tion of ever convincing me that any claim against
this Government is unfounded. Well, sir, one
thing is very certain; that if, upon an examina-
tion of a claim, I am satisfied, on looking into the
facts and the evidence, that the claim is well,
founded, the honorable gentleman's proposition
is true; for with the most profound respect^for the
clearness and acuteness of his understanding, and
the regular processes by which he arrives a^ h\^
