442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
The PRESIDENT. The bill has not been
returned from the printer, and therefore cannot be
taken up.
RAILROADS IN ALABAMA.
Mr. FOOT, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Public Lands, to whom was refer-
red a bill making a grant of land to the State of
Alabama, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from the line of Georgia,
on the Chattahoochie river, to the city of Mobile,
reported it without amendment, and submitted a
report recommending its passage; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. FOOT. I move that the consideration of
this bill be assigned for Monday next, in connec-
tion with other bills of a similar character, which
have been postponed until that day.
The motion was agreed to
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. SHIELDS. Before the Nebraska bill is
taken up, as I do not see in his seat the honor-
able Senator from North Carolina, whose special
prerogative it is to make the usual motion to-day,
I move that when the Senate adjourn, it be to meet
on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. McKean, its Chief Clerk,
announcing that it had passed a bill and joint res-
olution of the Senate, of the following titles:
44 An act to extend the limits of the port of New
Orleans-," and
" Joint resolution for supplying new members of
the Senate and House of Representatives with such
books, of a public character, as have been here-
tofore supplied."
Also, that the Speaker had signed the following
enrolled bills:
" Bill to confirm to Hercules L. Dousman his
title to farm lot No. 3*2, adjoining the town of
Prairie du Chien, in the State of Wisconsin;"
" Bill supplemental to an act entitled i Ail act to
ascertain and settle the private land claims the
State of California,' approved March 3, 1851,"
and
" Bill for the relief of William Blake."
INDIANA UNIVERSITY LAND.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announc-
ing that it had passed the bill of the Senate to
indemnify the State of Indiana for the failure of
title to a township of land granted to said State on
her admission into the Union,in 1816.
TERRITORY OF NEBRASKA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to organize the Territory of Nebraska. *
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, it is somewhat
out of order, owing to the deiangernent of the busi-
ness of the Senate this morning; but, nevertheless,
having received from his Excellency, the Gover-
nor of the State of New York, the resolutions of
the Senate and Assembly of that State, remons-
trating against the passage of this bill, 1 ask leave
to present them now, and ask that they may be
read, and ordered to be printed.
The resolutions were read, and ordered to be
pri nted.
Mr. SEWARD then addressed thn Senate at
length in opposition to the Nebraska and Kansas
Territorial bill, and against any interference with
the Missouri compromise. [His speech will be
found in the A ppendix.]
Mr. PETTIT. I desire to address the Senate
on this question. As the day is far spent, I do not
deshe to proceed now: but for the purpose of ad-
dressing the Senate on Monday next, 1 move that
the further consideration of the subject be post-
poned until that day.
Mr. SUMNER. I would like to suggest, also,
that 1 design to take the floor at an early day and
address the Senate on this subject, and, with the
permission of the Senate, I shall be glad to follow
the Senator from Indiana on Tuesday.
Mr. DAWSON. I desire to ask whether, if
we accept the proposition made by the Senator
from Massachusetts, taking day after day in this
way, when he savs he desires to address the Sen-
ate after another Senator, he acquires any parlia-
mentary right, other than from our courtesy, to
the floor? 1 have no objection, of course, to hear-
ing the honorable Senator 
Mr. SUMNER. I make the announcement
only as a matter of notice.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 17, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is upon the motion of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] to lay upon the table the bill
which will be reported by the Clerk.
The title of the bill was then read, as follows:
" An act to indemnify the State of Indiana for the
failure of a title to a township of land granted to
said State on her admission into the Union in
1816."
THE NEBRASKA QUESTION.
Mr. DEAN. I have received, this morning,
a letter from the Governor of the State of New
York, transmitting joint resolutions of the Senate
and Assembly of that State, passed on the 8th of
February, instant, in relation to the territorial ques-
tion now before Congress. 1 ask that these reso-
lutions, together with the letter of the Governor,
be read, and that they be laid upon the table, and
printed.
Mr. CLINGM AN. It is not necessary to read
them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let them be read.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
resolutions will be read.
Mr. W A.LSH. 1 object to the reading. I have
a copy in my possession if any gentleman wishes
to read them.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I hone there will be no
objection to their reception, and as to the reading
it is not customary in such cases.
Mr. DEAN. 1 believe it is usual to read the
resolutions of any sovereign State upon any sub-
ject pending before Congiess.
Mr. CLINGM AN. 1 hope there will be no ob-
jection to the reception, and as to the reading it
is not materia! one way or the other.
The SPEAKER. Is the objection withdrawn?
Mr. WALSH. It is not. I objected to the
reading, and not to the reception.
Mr. DEAN. I suppose they may be read by
the order of the House?
The SPEAKER. The resolutions are received
by unanimous consent, and it is in order, after
papers are received, to read them, if desired.
[Many Members. "Read!" "Read!"]
The resolutions were then read, as follows:
Resolved, (if the Senate concur,) That we view with deep
regret, and u ith unfeigned alatm, the proportion contained
in a bill to organize the Terntory of Nebiaska, submitted
on the 2.M day of January, 1854, to the Senate ot the United
States, from the Committee on Teiritories, whereby it is
declared that the " eighth section of the am preparatory to
the ad trillion of Missouri into the Union, approved March
G, 1820, was superseded by the principles ot the legislation
of 18,iU, commonly called the compromise measures, and it
is h«reby declared 1 inoperative'55 that the adoption of this
provision would he in derogation of the truth, a gross viola-
tion of plighted laith, and an outrage ami induniity upon the
free States of the Union, whose absent ha-* been yielded to
the admission into the Union ot'Mtssoiiu, and of Arkansas,
with slavery, in lehanco upon the faithful obsetvance of
the provision, (now souuht to be abiogated,) known, as the
Missouri fOinpmnn-e? whereby slaveiy was declared to he
" forever piolnbited jh ail that terutoiv ceded by Fiance to
the United Stales, undei the name ol Louisiana, which lies
north oi ol>° tfc' north latitude, nolineluded within the limits
of the State" of Mi^oim.
Resolved, (it the Senate concur,) That inasmuch a* it is
expi'-ssly, and in terms, enacted in an act entitled, An act
pioposmg to the State of Texas the establishment of her
northern and western houndaues, the relinquishment by the
said State of all territory claimed by her exterior to t.aid
boundaries, and of all her claims upon the United State*,
and to establish a territorial government for New Mexico,''
approved September 9, 1850, a^ follows, viz.: '• Nothing
heieui contained shall be conPtiued to impair or qualify any-
thing contained m the third article ol the second section of
the joint resolution for annexing Texas to the United States,
approved March 1, 1845, either as legards the number of
Slates thai may heieafter be formed out of Texas, or other-
wise which paid third mUeJ" of the second section of the
joint resolution for annexing Texas contains the following
piovision: "And in sucii State or States as shall be formed
out of said territory, north of said Missouu compromise
line, slavery or involuntary servitude (except for ei-nne)
shall be prohibited,the principle and the application of the
jHissoun compromise i* maintained, unimpaired, and un-
qualified, and that the Legislature and the people of this
[I Slate will hold the application by Congiess, of a contiary
i| intent, at this tune, to be m derogation ot the truth, an ar-
/ j bitrary exercise of assumed power, an unjust and uuworthy
violation of good faith, and an indignity to the tree States
of the Union.
Resolved, (if the Senate concur,) That although the peo-
ple of the Staie of New York have abolished slavery
within their limits, arid have thereby expressed their disap-
probation of the holding m bondage of human beings, they
are not disposed to interfere with the rights of other State's
to regulate their internal policy according to their own sense
of right. But, at ihe same time, duty to themselves, and to
the other States of the Union, demand* that when an effort
is making to violate a solemn compact, whereby the polit-
ical power of the State, and the privileges, as well as the
honest sentiments of its citizens, will be jeoparded and in-
vaded, they should raise their voice in piolest against, the
threatened infraction of their rights, and declare that the
negaiion or repeal, by Congress, of the Missouu compro-
mise, will be regarded" by them as a violation of right and
of faith, and destructive of that confidence and regard which
should attach to the enactments ol the Federal Legislauire.
Resolved, (tfthe Senate concur,) That oui Senators and
Repiesentattves in Congress he requested to oppose any
action which shall look, in any degree, to a repeal or to a
negation of the binding force of the provisions known as
the Missouri compromise, and that they use all honoiable
efforts to defeat the passage of that, or any other bill vio-
lating said eompiomise, or authorizing Oi allowing the estab-
lishment of slavery m any portion ot the Tenitories ot the
United States, north of the line established prepaiatory to
the admission of Missoun as aforesaid.
Resolved, (if the Senate concur.) That the Governor of
this State be requested forthwith to furnish copies of the
above resolutions to each of the Senators and Repiesent-
atives in Congiess from this State.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the resolutions, to-
gether with the letter of the Governor, be laid upon
the table, and printed.
The SPEAKER. Unless objected to, that dis-
position of them will be made.
Mr. McMULJLIN. 1 do not think it neces-
sary that they should be laid upon the table, and
printed.
The SPEAKER. ]s objection made to laying
the resolutions upon the table?
Mr. McMULLTN. It was my purpose to ob-
ject to laying the resolutions upon the table, but
understanding that such has been the custom of
the House in similar cases, I waive my purpose.
The SPEAKER. There being do objection,
it is unanimously ordered that the resolution be
laid upon the table, and printed.
Mr. HILLYER. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope that we will take
up the special order.
LAND TO INDIANA.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, that the
first business m order is the consideration of the
bill, entitled "An act to indemnify the State of
Indiana for the failure of title to a township of
land, granted to said State on her admission into
the Union, in 181G."
The previous question was demanded and sec-
onded upon the passage of the bill, but a motion
was made by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] to lay the bill upon the table. By the
unanimous consent of the House its consideration
was postponed to this day, and it is, of course,
the first business m order.
Mr. CLINGMA N. I rise to make a privileged
motion, and that is, that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr- PECICHAM. I hope the House will not
agree to that motion,but go into the Commitiee of
the Whole on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion,
a demand for the previous question having been
made and seconded upon this bill, that it is not in
order to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then the decision of the
Chair is contrary to the former practice of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the practice indicated by him has always been
held here.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will remind the Chair
of a precedent. When what was called Mr. Doty's
resolution was offered 
Mr. PECKHAM. I wish to ask the Chair a
single question. What was the order as to the
resolutions submitted a few minutes since?
The SPEAKER. They were laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. i was about to remind the
Chair of a decision upon this point, touching the
question now pending, which I have no doubt the
Chair will recollect very well. When Mr. Doty's
famous resolution was offered in this House, the
