2016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
Atlantic and Pacific coasts, and on the isolated
line between Charleston and Havana; for all
which appropriations are made by the bill. The
mail service on the'se connecting lines is now per-
formed under two distinct arrangements ; one for
tHeline between .New York and Chagres, or Aspin-
wall, at the rate of ยง290,000 per annum, and the
other for the hne between Panama and California
and Oregon, at the rate ot $348,250 per annum,
the transportation across the isthmus of Panama
being paid for by weight at twenty-two cents
per pound, for which an appropriation of $120,000
is proposed by the bill as already amended; and
alt constituting together one continued and con-
necting chain from New York to California and
Oregon. The sum total of these three appropria-
tions, making up the cost of these lines for what
may be called the Pacific mail service, is $758,250.
These figures are shown by the bill.
Now, sir, what is the service performed by
these lines for this great outlay; and what does
the Government realize from it for its reimburse-
ment? The service, as all know, affords us only
a semi-monthly mail between the Atlantic and Pa-
cific; and the accounts of the Post Office Depart-
ment show that the net revenue from it, includ-
ing inland, sea, and foreign postages, is only
$271,242 63 Upon this, the most favorable basis
of calculation for these lines, it appears incontesta-
bly that we are maintaining this service at the cost
of $487,007 35 over and above all that is in any
way realized from it. Nor is this all. This cal-
culation credits the lines, as I have already said,
with the inland, sea, and foreign postages, and
makes no deduction for the commissions of post-
masters and other incidental expenses. If the
proper deductions are made on these accounts, we
shall have a result showing the disbursement of
an amount largely exceeding half a million of dol-
lars beyond the net revenue derived from the ser-
vice. And besides this, it is equally certain that
no inconsiderable part of the postages received
from these lines is diverted from other existing
. post routes, equally, if not more, expeditious, be-
tween New York, New Orleans, Charleston, Sa-
vannah, and elsewhere, on the Atlantic side. We
have no means of ascertaining accurately what
sum ought to be deducted on this account, but it
cannot fad to strike the committee that the Gov-
ernment is maintaining these lines at an enormous
expense beyond the revenue it derives from them.
As I have already said, the arrangements now
subsisting secure only a semi-monthly mail; and
we all know that a proposition has frequently
been made, and importunately urged upon us by
the representatives from California, to provide a
weekly instead of a semi-monthly service, at an
additional cost of $250,000; and thus to increase
the expense to an amount exceeding $750,000
over and above the income derived from the ar-
rangements. Now, sir, while 1 cheerfully con-
cede that it is highly important to afford such a
facility of inter-communication between the two
oceans, and while 1 am not disposed to insist that
it shall be wholly self-sustaining, but am willing
to afford it at any reasonable, and even with a
liberal, expenditure of (he public money beyond
what may be realized from it, I am not prepared to
make so extravagant adrafton thenational Treas-
ury to sustain it. And yet I cannot conceal from
myself the imminent probability that even this
immense burden will be cast upon the Govern-
ment, if no practicable and rightful means can be
devised to extricate it from the existing entangle-
ments, and to secure the facility at'a less cost.
The other line referred to in the amendment is
that between Charleston and Havana. For this
line the bill proposes, in accordance with the pres-
ent arrangement, an appropriation of $50,000.
The accounts of the Post Office Department
show that the entire revenue from this line is only
$7,945 63, including inland postage; showing an
expense to the Government in maintaining this
line of $42,044 37 over and above its receipts from
the same source. If from this we make a fair
deduction for inland postages, postmasters' com-
missions, and other incidental expenses, we shall
find the expense to the Government greatly in-
creased. But this is not all. This line is wholly
superfluous, so far as I am able to discover. The
New York and Chagres line is required to touch
at Charleston, (if practicable,) and at all events
at Savannah, New Orleans, and Havana; and if
there be any necessity for the separate line between
Charleston and Havana, the committee ought to
know it.
If it be alleged that it is impracticable for the
New York and Chagres line to touch at Charles-
ton, and this be conceded, it cannot be said as
to Savannah, New Orleans, or Havana. The
Charleston mads may, therefore, readily be taken
to Savannah or New Orleans, and thence to Ha-
vana, just as the mails of other parts of the south-
ern States are distubuted from the same points,
and just as the maiis from Boston, Newark, and
other northern cities, are.taken from New York.
It is manifest, then, as it seems to me, that the
appropriation for this line is wholly indefensible,
ana is a charge upon the public Treasury for the
aid of those interests of the commerce of Charles-
ton which are almost, if not exclusively, aside
from the postal interests of the General Govern-
ment connected with that city.
I do not wish to be understood as objecting to
the making of postal arrrangements with refer-
ence to the facilities which they may incidentally
afford to the great interests of commerce, foreign
and domestic, of the whole, or of any portion, of
our common country; and I trust 1 am, and ever
shall be, incapable of any narrow or merely sec-
tional view of any great national question. On
the contrary, I would gladly afford such incidental
facilities by liberal appropriations, with direct
reference to that object; for this would be in ac-
cordance with that generous and beneficent policy
which, in my judgment, ought to characterize the
legislation of this great and growing Republic.
But, sir, while 1 would do this, I would make no
postal arrangement as a mere cover for aid to a
local commerce in which no great national or gen-
eral public interest is involved.
Entertaining these views, Mr. Chairman,I have
felt it to be my duty, especially as a member of
the select committee on the steamship mail ser-
vice, to propose the amendment now before the
committee. I offer it with no design that any
facility demanded by the public interests, and
proper to be afforded by the Government,shall be
withheld. I desire rather that greater facilities
shall be afforded; and I would make a way to
accomplish this end, as I believe may be done
in regard to the lines embraced by the amend-
ments, with greatly diminished demands upon the
public Treasury. This has been an object of
desire with Congress, not less than with the Post
Office Department, forseveral years. By an act
of the last Congress the Postmaster General was
directed to inquire and report to this Congress
for what sums these services could be procured, in
case new contracts should be made. This inquiry
was made, and the Postmaster General, in his
annual report, states that he has an offer for a
semi-monthly mail service between the Atlantic
and the Pacific for $300,000 per annum, including
the Isthmus transportation, which now costs
#120,000, nearly half of the whole sum ! This
would save the Government $458,250 annually.
The Postmaster General further states that the
same service can be increased to a iveekly mail for
a pro rata allowance; in other words, for an annual
allowance of $600,000. This would furnish a
weekly mail for an aggregate compensation less by
$158,250 per annum than is now paid for a semi-
monthly mail, and less by $408,250 per annum than
it would cost under the existing arrangements with
the increased service compensated for at the rate
of $250,000 per annum, as proposed by the bill
introduced and pressed upon us here so earnestly
by the California members. The advantages of
such an arrangement over that now existingaie too
patent to need a further exposition. The postal
facility, increased from a semi-monthly to a weekly
service, at an expense for the latter of scarcely
more than one half of that now paid for the former,
with the incidental and not less important facility
of more frequent intercommunication for passen-
gers and freight, are considerations which press
heavily for a change in the present order of things,
if such change may rightfully be effected.
The only question thstremains to be considered
is, whether this change may rightfully be effected
by the sole act of the Government? My own im-
pression is that it may. I have not time now to
enter into an examination of the facts upon which
that impression is founded. Nor is it necessary
to do so for the purposes of this amendment.
They will be found, for the most part, embodied
in the report of the select committee on the steam-
ship mail service, recently made, in the several acts
of Congress, from March 3, 1845, to this time,
relating to this service, and m Executive Document
No. 91, Thirty-Second Congress, first session,
referred to in the report of the select committee.
!f the amendment proposed that Congress
should itself now declare absolutely that these
arrangements shall be terminated, a full develop-
ment of facts sufficient to justify such action
should be clearly in the possession of Congress}
and if I were now suggesting such a proceeding,
1 should feel it to be incumbent on me to be pre-
pared, and to take the time necessary to present to
the committee the most unequivocal grounds for
such a measure, and the most ample materials for
forming a judgment upon the proposition; for no
gentleman on this floor can entertain more scru-
pulous or conservative views than myself in re-
gard to the obligation and inviolability of contracts.
But such is not the tenor of my amendment. It
proposes no hasty nor harsh proceeding; but con-
templating these arrangements as subsisting, and
presupposing a willingness on the part of those
with whom they exist to go on with them, (as
doubtless is the fact from the very great profit
which is understood to attend them,) it is designed %
to authorize the Postmaster General to put an end*
to them whenever he shall be able to make more
satisfactory arid advantageous arrangements for
the same service.
It speaks of subsisting arrangements. It does
not recognize them as contracts, nor does it de-
clare that they are not such. The question as to
whether the contracts originally made for these
lines are still binding is left open and untouched,
and to the end that the Government shall not be
involved by the act of the Postmaster General,
whether wilfully or inadvertently, (if such a sup-
position may be entertained,) in the violation of a
contract to which it may have pledged its faith,
and which has been fulfilled in good faith towards
the Government, and that the Government shall
not, throngh the Postmaster General, repudiate any
obligation lawfully binding upon it however on-
erous, it expressly inhibits him from intervening
in the matter, unless he, in concurrence with the
Secretary of the Navy, with whose Department
the contracts out of which these arrangements
have grown were originally made, and the Attor-
ney General of the United States, as the chief law
officer, shall be of opinion that the arrangements
may be terminated in good faith, and in that ease
to do so, if the public interests shall so require.
Now, sir, I am unable to see any reasonable
objection to this course of action. I presume that
if the arrangements contemplated by the amend-
ment can be superseded by others greatly more
advantageous to the Government, without a vio-
lation of its pledged faith, no gentleman of the
committee will think it consistent with that public
economy, which should everbe regarded as among
the cardinal prmciplesof the Government, to with-
hold his support from the amendment.
I have sought by the amendment to provide the
most ample protection to those with whom these
arrangements now exist against injustice, and I
have been the more particular in that respect, be-
cause of the conviction which* my short experi-
ence here has forced upon pie, that a large pro-
portion of the class of private claimants who. are
forced to prosecute their demands before Con-
gress, subjected to the law's delay, and to that
hope deferred which maketh the heart sick, have
the profoundest provocation, if not good cause, to
curse the Government of their allegiance.
If, indeed, I could suppose that those to whom
the amendment proposes to intrust the duty and
responsibility contemplated by it, would abuse a
trust at once so delicate and important, involving
not only the honor of the Government and their
own, but the interests of all the parties concerned
in the arrangements, I should withhold the prop-
osition, preferring that the Government should
suffer rather than that private individuals should
be made the victims of the injustice of a powerful
Government, against which they can have no
legal redress, and only the chance of tardy justice
from Congress.
I think it wiser to repose this trust where the
amendment proposes to place it, than that Con-
gress should act definitively upon the subject. I
have bestowed somecare upon it, and have a very
decided impression upon my mind in regard to it;
but I frankly confess that I should be reluctant to
