1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2011
declare these arrangements absolutely terminated,
or to say by my vote here that they may be term- |
inated lawfully and rightfully by the sole act of |
the Government, however much I desire it as a |
measure of retrenchment. Under all thecircurn-I
stances, therefore, I prefer the course indicated by i
the amendment. Something ought to be done to j
reduce thus enormous expenditure, if possible, \
consistently with the rights of the parties and the j
duties of the Government, i hope the amend- j
meat may be adopted, and that it may prove to be !
the incipient means of the desired reform.
Mr.WALBRIDGE. Mr. Chairman,! respond, j
with alacrity, to any measure that &hall have for its
object the multiplication of our mail facilities with
California; but that question is not now immedi-
ately involved m this disruasion. The action of
the gentjeman from New Jersey [Mr*Penning-
ton] would, it seems to me, strike at existing
contracts, where the faith of the Government has
been already pledged, and where private individ-
uals have thus been induced to invest a vast
"That the Secretary of the Navy, and the Postmaster
General,< be authouzed, At/ and with the coment of eke con-
tracting parties respectively, to rearrange the running of the
United States mail steamships, *o a* to aft'out more <lirect
dis-patch between the port* of the United States and the
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
-ayes 85, noes 47.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 move to amend the
lslmnus of Panama.' And the Po tnia^er General was j anlel,dment, hy adding at the end the following
c service from Panama to Cdhioi ma , * '
amount of capital in the public service. On the
3d of March, 1847, Congress directed the Secre-
tary of the Navy to contract, on the part of the
Government, for the transportation of the mail
from Panama to such port as he may select in the
Territory of Oregon. The United States were
then engaged in war with Mexico. The service
was remote and difficult, and the inducements
limited, except as they might be presented by the
Government. The Secretary of the Navy, in
obedience to the authority of Congress, pursued
the course usually adopted by the Postmaster
General in making contracts for carrying the
ordinary inland mails, and issued proposals, by
publication, and invited the fullest competition.
These proposals were published, for months, in
the large ciues, where capital would rnostprobably
be indnced to make the investment, and engage in
the service. A contract was finally awarded to
Major Harris, an influential resident of this city,
and by him assigned to the Messrs. Aspinwail,
wealthy and influential merchants of the city of
IMew York. By the terms of the contract, the
Secretary of the Navy reserved to Congress the
right to abrogate and annul, or to ratify and con-
firm his action, as will be seen by the following
-extract from his annual report of that year:
<• The «reat distance at which the service is to be per-
formed, the heavy expenses which must be incurred by
the contractors on the Pacific coast, the necessary shops
and materials for repair, the indispensable fuel and depot
for Anal, induce me to adept the term of ten years as Ike
duration of tkis contract, which has been adopted by the
Post Office Department for its foreign mail contiacts. I*ut
to guard myself against the reproach of exceeding the an-
thorny which it was the intention of Congress to confer, a
clause is inserted in the contract, leservins to Congress the
ri«l>l to annul the contract, at its approaching session, if it
shall be deemed proper or expedient to do so."
Such was the condition of this contract when
Congress assembled in the session of*1847 and
]>48. The authority had been reserved by the
cautious Secretary to give Congress complete con-
trol over what he had done, if they should exer-
cise the power then. Congress affirmed and sanc-
tioned his contract. Yes, sir, they did Mbre. They
realized the magnitude of the investment neces-
sary to carry out, m all its provisions, this eon-
tract, and they generously stepped forward ar.d
advanced the necessary fundsfrom the Treasury,
without interest, to enable the contractors to finish
the steamships designed for the service, provided
the contractor should deliver and take the mails at
certain other ports on the Pacific. Congress then
not only aoproved, but they amended and ratified
the terms'of the contract. That this action of
Congress was final, and the contractors became
vested with certain rights, and among them the
duration of the term of the contract, is clearly de-
ducible from the subsequent action of the Gov-
ernment. California had become an integral por-
tion of the United States. Her golden lands had
attracted thither the enterprising and ambitious
from every section of the Union. It was palpa-
ble that a mighty empire was to arise upon the
Pacific, augmenting our trade, increasing the de-
mand'for our manufactures, multiplying our com-
merce, and adding to the strength and greatness
of the Republic. It was desirable to increase the
mail facilities between her and the older States,
the increase of population in California had ren-
dered this indispensable. Congress undertook to
provide for this necessity, and during the session
of 1850-'51 it wlu enacted:
! also direciedlo maketlie service from
and Oregon conform wall Ihe Mjmce requm'd l)> the exist-
! ing contract on the Atlantic f-ide of the Isthmus, by luereas-
j mg the trips of the Pacific line to semi-monthly.'"
| The Administration under which the original
I contract was formed had gone out of power, an-
j other had come in, yet no change was sought to
i be effected that should abrogate the contract; for
in the supplemental contract, providing for an in-
crease m the number of irips, it provided for pay-
, ment '' beginning on the commencement of said ser-
I rice, and ending oil the last day of September, 1858,
1 being the termination of said contract.15
Sir, the faith of the Government was thus sol-
emnly pledged for the period of ten years. In the
mean time, circumstances have materially changed
the condition of our affairs. Our interests on the
Pacific have multiplied and augmented in a ratio
unprecedented in any previous period of our his-
tory. California has augmented the value of
every species of property throughout the Union.
Yes, sir, she has raised the price of labor through-
out all civilized States. _ It is due to her and to
ourselves that we multiply and increase the facil-
ities between her and us. I shall be ever ready,
by my action here, to do so whenever it can be ef-
fected; but where the faith of the Government has
j been pledged, where individuals have acted upon
j that faith, where they have invested large means,
j while we are seeking to promote the public good,
! let it not be accomplished by an utter disregard of
i the rights of others. Fidelity to contracts is the
loftiest obligation recognized m nations or indi-
viduals. If this service is no longer desired, let
us first comply with our contract; and if it is to be
abrogated, let us liquidate the damages, and leave
no imputation that we have acted in punic faith
with those who have entered into covenants with
I move to amend the amend-
us.
Mr. BARRY.
ment as follows:
Insert ill it " the Collins line from New York to Liver-
pool, and the line IroniNew York, via Southampton, to
Bremen."
! In proposing to discontinue other lines, Mr.
1 Chairman, I do not see why all the mail lines ex-
1 isting between this country and Europe should not
1 be included. I do not see why the Collins line to
• Liverpool, and the Bremenand Southampton line,
i should be leftoutof the arrangement. Theamend-
; merit before the committee, which I propose to
! amend, leaves out the Collins line and the Bremen
' and Southampton line; and it seems to me that if
| we are to indulge in extravagant appropriations
! for ocean mail service, they ought to be for ser-
I vice between different points of our own country;
for the benefit of the country at large. They
should be to secure full, free, and speedy commu-
i nication between different parts of the Union,
! instead of being squandered on a few lines con-
i necting one or two commercial points with other
r portions of the world. The Bremen and South-
ij ampton line makes just as many trips as the Col-
li lins line. The twolines run semi-monthly. They
!■ make two trips a month each way; and yet you ;i
only give the Bremen and Southampton line ij
something over $350,000, while to the Collins
line, making the same number of trips, you give ;
$875,000, or thereabouts. While we propose to |
discontinue this enormous monopoly to the Col- i
lins line, I am ill favor of no discrimination for j
other lines. The pay of the line between New ,
York and California, as shown by previous dis- j
words:
And lhat tta? transportation of the mails tipon this line be
let to the lowest bidder.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Thequestion then recurred upon Mr. Penning-
ton's amendment as amended.
Mr. HUNT. I move to insert the words " af-
ter pubheadvertisement" before the words " to
the lowest bidder," m the amendment, as now
amended.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. MACE. I move to add the words:
That all our mail steamship contracts be at once term-
inated.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order
on the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. BARRY. I move to amend by inserting
the following:
Collins line from New York to Liverpool, and from New
York, via Southampton, to Bremen.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. MACE. I move to strike out the word
"Chagres." «
Mr. HOUSTON. That word has just been in-
serted, and the amendment is not in order.
| The CHAIRMAN. The word having just
I been inserted in the hill, the Chair decides that
1 the amendment is not in order.
I Mr. MACE. I move to add the words, ^ so
soon as it comports with the public interest."
The CHAIRMAN. These words are already
in the amendment.
Mr. MACE. I move to insert" 1856. Mr.
Chairman, I observe a great deal of anxiety on
the part of the committee to pass over this matter
in rather a hurried manner. It will be recollected
that, at an early day of this session, acommittee
was raised for the purpose of inquiring into every-
thing connected with appropriations for the mail
steamship service. It was raised for the purpose
of inquiring into the legality of the payments
which have been made in regard to this service.
For seven Mondays in succession I endeavored
to enlarge the powers of this committee, but at
every point I was met with objection under the
rules of this House.
Mr. BRIDGES. I ask the Chair whether the
gentleman from Indiana is in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot decide
the point of order raised by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania until the gentleman from Indiana
shall have proceeded far enough in his remarks to
determine whether he is out of order.
Mr. MACE. After I had failed in the most
humiliating manner to accomplish my object, I
did succeed in getting a clerk for twenty days for
the purpose of aiding the committee in making a
r. r .  • *i aC  li<i MOftlntinn which
report within the purview of the resolution which
had been adopted by the House. I appeal to
every gentleman upon the committee, and there
were ei?ht besides myself, if I have not been
prompt in my attendance upon the meetings of that
committee, if I have not advised with them, and
if I have not at all times been anxious to apply a
remedy to the great evil which has existed in this
Government for the last five years in reference to
our ocean mail steamers? Under these circum-
stances, then, I will not submit to he told by mem-
bers of this House—I know from what quarter the
cussion, is enormous', and it ought to be cut do wn. |' statement comes-that
" '    lines, if shown that their profits white-washing report in refwence to this case, and
And so with all the
, are enormous, they ought to be reduced. Put them
I all upon the same footing. Give the power and :
I authority to examine into them all, and if the mails ,
! can be carried cheaper, give the Government the |
1 benefit of it. I trust the gentleman will accept my j
amendment; and if he does not, that the commit- j
; tee will vote it in. !
| Mr. CLINGMAN". I am opposed to the gentle- i
, man's amendment, but I do not propose to discuss j
. it. !
i The question being on Mr. Barry's amend- !
I ment, |
i Mr. WHEELER called for tellers. I
| Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. SoLLERsand ;
i Aiken were appointed.
J pronounce here, thatany man who charges that
I have been guilty of any dereliction of duty m
reference to this whole matter, is a liar and a
scoundrel.
[Loud cries of "Order!" "Order! ]
Mr. SEWARD. I have stated thatthe gentle-
man from Indiana, in his first remarks made here
upon this subject, said that this contract was
fraudulent, and that he was able to show it. I
have said since, without seeing the report, that I
had understood that the effect of it was to relieve
these companies of all the charges made against
them, and lhat it was a white-washing report; anil
I wish the gentleman to understand that l aia
responsible tor what I say out of doors.
