THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MAY 11, 1854.
New Series....No. 73.
Mr. BAYARD. I have cast no suspicion upon
anybody.
Mr.'DlXON. I do not mean to say that the
Senator casts suspicion on anybody; but his argu-
ment is directly at war with the idea that the com-
mittees have done their duty. There is something
in the manner, Something in the tone of the Sen-
ator, which strikes at the propriety of the action
of our committees, and which is calculated to make
an impression on the Senate that the report made
by the committee, in this case, is not founded on
the facts; or that the committee is so obtuse in its
perceptions of what is right, resulting from the
testimony, that it is wholly incapable of arriving
at anything like a correct conclusion; and that its
members are improper judges of what should be
ascertained from that testimony. You cannot
understand the Senator's argument as meaning
anything else.
Nor, sir, can I admit the honorable Senator's
argument in another view of it, viz: that this body
is passing claims which have no merit in them.
It is a fact, which cannot be disputed, that this
Government, instead of doing justice to claimants,
is too frequently in the habit of withholding jus-
tice from them. Instead of coming to the rescue
of those who have claims on her, she tramples
their petitions under foot, and treats the petition-
ers as unworthy of the aid or assistance of the
Government they may have served. You have
but to look to the history of the past; you have
but to look to petition after petition, and memorial
after memorial,presented here by the revolutionary
soldiers and their descendants, and there you find
that the Government, instead of acting upon the
principles which the Senator seems to attribute to
it, has acted upon motives of parsimony, regard-
less of justice, defiant of all the great principles
which should influence governments which act
upon great patriotic ideas. It has, in fact, looked
rather at the dollars and cents, than to meting out
justice to those who have been foremost in sus-
taining the great principles upon which all our
rights are dependent. I have not found that
looseness, which the Senator seems to attribute to
the Government, in passing laws for the benefit
of its citizens. God knows how many bills are
now upon the table, how many petitions are be-
fore your committees, how many reports have
been made in favor of the petitioners? How, sir^
have they lingered here in the Senate, and how
have they been delayed after passing this body ?
Poor claimants may be suffering, yea, almost
perishing, for the want of that attention which
should be given to their claims, some of which
appeal in powerful language to the heart of every
man who loves justice, and is grateful to those
who assisted in defending the rights and interests
of the country.
I shall, Mr. President, vote for the return of
this bill, not because I atji satisfied that the vote
which I gave yesterday was not correct, but be-
cause I think it due to the Senator from Delaware,
if he desires to investigate the testimony upon
which the report has been founded, that he should
have the opportunity of doing so. It is due to
me, too, because my opinion is predicated upon
the report. That report establishes two facts:
First, that the petitioner was employed—which
was, to all intents and purposes, an employment
binding, in my opinion, upon the honor of this
country—by one of the Departments of the Gov-
ernment, to make the experiment which was made
of water-rotting hemp. He did make it; the com-
mittee report that he made it; and they report, not
only that he made it, but that, in the making of
it, he expended a vast amount of money, so as to
ruin and bankrupt him. The committee report
another fact—that the commissioners who were
appointed by the Government to receive the hemp,
and to determine whether or not it was such as,
under the contract, he was bound to deliver, did
not act upon fair and correct principles—that the
hemp strictly came up to the contract—but yet it
was rejected.
These are the facts Which are reported. Now,
whether they be true or not, I shall not take upon
7S
myself to determine. All I know is that they
are so reported. The Senator thinks he can prove-
that the facts are not so; that he can prove that
the report itself is not properly founded. If that
is the case, I shall change my vote. If the Senator
can demonstrate those facts to me—and I assure
him that I at least am open to conviction—I shall
most unquestionably retrace my steps and vote
differently from what I have done. On the other
hand, I shall not agree with the Senator, that this
is a mere gratuity. I do not place it upon any
such ground. I do not believe in its being a gra-
tuity. The Government either did, or did not
employ this man. If it did, and it agreed to re-
ceive the hemp, and then acted in bad faith in not
receiving it, and if he was thereby subjected to
loss, I say it is a violation of a contract between
the Government and the citizen, and to compen-
sate him is only in accordance with the great
principles upon which courts act, and upon which
justice is administered. For these reasons, I shall
vote to bring the bill back to the Senate. Then I
shall vote to reconsider it. If gentlemen do not
prefer to argue the merits of the bill on the motion
to reconsider, which I understand they have a
right to do, I will vote to reconsider it with the
view that they shall have a full opportunity of i
arguing the merits of the bill. j
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I am sorry to !
trespass on the time of the Senate, but 1 owe it to !
myself to make an explanation in reference to the !
remarks of the Senator from Kentucky. I cer-
tainly did not mean to say, for one moment, that
in reference to revolutionary claims against this j
Government, Congress had been over liberal. I |
am not aware that I have been inclined to oppose
any general law in reference to compensation for
revolutionary services, or any other provision in
the nature of a gratuity for services rendered to the
Government, not constituting in themselves a legal,
obligation. For a general law, I would go almost as
far as any man; but 1 am opposed to this system
of special legislation. In this case, as between the
honorable Senator from Kentucky and myself,
there is a difference of opinion, which depends upon
investigation. I have not taken much pains to ex-
amine them,but after the experience which I have
had I must say, that I have not been able to see
any thing like a denial of justice to private claim-
ants against the Treasury of the United States;
but that, on the contrary, nine cases out of ten
that have been passed, ought never to have been
passed. There may have been some cases of a
refusal to do justice, but, as a general rule, if that
Senator will take the trouble to examine a book
which has been recently printed by order of the
Senate, the List of Claims, as it is called, and will
go through the reports upon them to the extent
that I have done, he will find, that where there
has only been persistency enough on the part of
the claimant, although there may have been one,
two, three, or four, or even six adverse reports
against the claim, he always ultimately gets it. I
find that three or four adverse reports generally
insure it to him, and that the result is this: that
as between the Government,and the claimant, the
decision of the Senate has no finality when it is in
favor of the Government; but when it is in favor
of the slaimant it is final, and the money is paid.
The result is that you always indicate to parties
that they may come forward with further evidence,
and if they find that the Senate, at that particular
time, is composed of members indisposed to pass
such claims, they wait for four, or six, or eight,
or ten years, if necessary, and then, when all
memory of the transaction is gone, they again
bring forward the claim and it is allowed.
And further, it seems to me the more remote a
claim is, and the less means we have of acquiring
a knowledge of the facts, the more certain it is to
pass this body. This has been the result of my
examination of claims here. We pride ourselves
on our simplicity and purity, and republicanism;
but I believe we are the only Government in the
world that passes private claims in the manner we
do, and on the species of evidence we do—a spe-
cies of evidence to which, if you were to resort
for the purpose of deciding rights between man
and man, would be laughed to scorn in any court
of justice in the world; and yet, as between a
claimant and the public, it is considered all-suffi-
cient for the purpose of disgorgingfromtheTrejis-
ury in favor of the man who has the most sagacity
in procuring the evidence, and having a partial
representation of his case as against even the in-
dividual claimant who, with more modesty, may
have less energy in order to have explanations
made. That is my experience.
The motion to direct the Secretary to request the
return of the bill from the House of Representa-
tives was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WELLER. This has resulted just as 1
| expected. We have spent "two or three hours in
"the discussion of a question about which there
| was no difficulty. I was anxious that my friend
1 from Delaware should have a full opportunity of
! speaking. I think he hns been gratified. I now
! move that the Senate proceed to the consideration
: of Executive business.
I The motion was agreed to.
! The Senate accordingly proceeded to the'con-
; sideration of Executive business; and, after some
j time spent therein, the doors were reopened,and
\ the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 10, 1854.
The House met at the usual hour. Prayer by
Rev. Henry Si,icer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I intend before I take
my seat to move that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. Before doing so, however, I desire to
notify the House that it is my intention to-mor-
row to introduce a resolution terminating the de-
bate upon the bill to organize the Territories of
Kansas and Nebraska.
Several Members. At what time?
Mr. RICHARDSON. To-morrow morning.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, and other Mem-
bers. When do you propose to close the debate?
Mr. RICHARDSON. In reply to the inter-
rogatories made by gentlemen, i have to state
that the time at which I shall propose to terminate
debate will depend upon the opponents of the bill.
Jf they show a disposition to goon and debate it,
I am disposed to allow the utmost time that will
be possible, in order to have a final vote on the
bill before the special order takes precedence of it.
If they do not show such a disposition, then }
shall take it for granted that they do not desire
further debate, and shall move to terminate it at th$
earliest hour.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will allow me to ask him a question, as
probably this is all irregular. He says " if the
opponents of this bill show a disposition to debate
the bill." What is meant by that ? Does he ex-
pect us to continue in session here for ten of eleven
hours?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I cannot yield for further
.inquiries. I move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope, as this is an im-
portant question 
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the gentleman from Ohio be allowed
to proceed ?
Mr. HAMILTON. I object, and call for a
vote on the motion of the gentleman from Illi-
nois.
The SPEAKER. Then debate is not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Is objection made?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Hamilton] objects.
Mr. CAMPBELL. After what has taken
place; after the gentleman from Illinois has been
allowed to go on and make his statement, surely,
no one objects to my making an inquiry.
