444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
The SPEAFvER, The Chair decides that the
gentleman from Illinois has the floor.
Mr. SAPP. It appears to me that the gentle-
man from New York had the floor. *
The SPEAKER. The unanimous consent of
the House has been long since given to the gentle-
man from Illinois, to make a personal explanation.
The gentleman from New York asked no such
privilege; and the Chair is bound to decide that
he has no ri^ht to the floor as a matter of privilege.
If he had asked the leave of the House to make a
personal explanation, the Chair has no doubt that
it would have been given to him.
He declined to do that. The Chair twice sug-
gested to hnn that he could attain his object in that
form; but he chose to rely on his right under the
rule. He did so, and the Chair ruled him out of
order. The House has given its unanimous con-
sent to the gentleman from Illinois that he has a
right to be heard in personal explanation. This
is the history of the matter. . •*
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
New York, if he had put himself to the trouble
to have inquired of the reporters at the desk,
would not have brought this question before the
House. I assure hnn that I am utterly incapable
of suppressing, or skulking, from theresponsibihty
of any declaration which I make here.
Mr. MATTESON. Will the gentleman from
Illinois allow me to say one word?
Mr. RICHARDSON. With pleasure.
Mr. MAT l'ESON. I assure the gentleman that
I intended or designed no such imputation as he
deduces from my remarks.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman, Mr.
Speaker, has said that, and I accept it. But I am
not dealing with his declarations. I am dealing
with the deductions that are to be drawn in other
quarters from the statement which he has made
here.
Mr. Chairman, I presume it has happened very
often, in the experience of gentlemen who have
been here for years, that when notes of remarks
have been sent to a gentleman's room for correc-
tion, that they did not happen to get into the paper
of the next morning. Such is the case, I state
upon this floor, in regard to the remaiks I sub-
mitted here the other day. I changed, m a slight
particular only, the statement of the reporters, in
relation to the matter upon which the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Fenton] was commenting.
So far as the questions and replies between the
gentleman from New Yoik [Mr. Matteson] and
myself are concerned, the language is left pre-
cisely as it came to me, not changed, in any par-
ticular, from the form in which the reporters took
it down. The notes are at my room. I happened
to be absent from my room for a short time when
they came to get them, and the result was that
they could not. go into the Daily Globe. I intend
that they shall go into the Congi essional Globe.
The gentleman shall have the full benefit of all
that I have said or shall say here.
I must be permitted here to say, that with this
matter there seems to me to be a very morbid de-
sire to magnify this into something of vast import-
ance, and to give the gentleman some notoriety by
calling up somebody for skulking from what they
said here. If the gentleman had gone to the quar-
ter where true information could have been had,
he would have had no business with it before this
House in this shape. The gentleman makes him-
self quite conspicuous when he undertakes to de-
termine what the action of each gentleman upon
tins floor is to be. When he marks out and lives
up to his own course he will have quite enough to
do without undertaking the guardianship of me.*
Mr. CLINGMAN. I now ask that the ques-
tion be put upon the pending motion, to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was put, and decided, upon a divi-
sion, in the affirmative—ayes 92, noesnot counted.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committeeof the Whole on the stateof theUnion,
(Mr. Olds in the chair.)
THE HOMESTEAD BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee last
rose, they had under consideration House bill No.
37,beingthehomestead bill. The Chair begs lea\e
to state, that under the special order this bill
"The remark* referred to will bo found in the Appwidix,
embodied hj the speych of Mr. Fenton, on the Nebraska
bill, page 158.
would come up for consideration; but private bill
days are excluded from the operation of this order,
and the Chair, therefore, does not see how this
special order then can come up without the unani-
mous consent of the House.
Mr. EDGERTON. Do I understand the Chair,
if objection be made, that discussion upon the
special order cannot take place now ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
under the rule making the homestead bill the spe-
cial order, that bill would come up for considera-
tion were it not that private bill days are excepted
from the operation of any special order. There-
tore the homestead bill is not the special order for
this day.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will it not come up as
unfinished business, if no objection is made ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to submit
this question: The homestead bill is made the
special order from Tuesday, the 14th, to the 21st
day of February—Friday bill days beingexcepted.
If the House determine to go into the Committee of
.the Whole on the state of the Union, do they not
thereby pass over the private bill Calendar, and re-
solve to take up the special order of the day ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. TheHousehas
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of theUnion; and being entitled to the
floor, I claim my right to hold it.
Mr. EDGERTON. I supposed, when the House
determined to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, that the homestead bill
came up as a matter of course, and that we were
not to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
Puvate Calendar, until I heard the decision of the
Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair begs leave to
state to the committee, that there are two or three
bills on the Calendar ahead of the homestead bill.
By unanimous consent they can be passed over,
and the homestead bill be taken up.
Mr. CAMPBELL. There are no private bills
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is aware that
no private bill can be taken up in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The CHAIRMAN. When the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union last rose, the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] was en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, having the floor,
addressed the House on the Nebraska bill, con-
troverting the ground taken by Mr. Meacham, of
Vermont, and Mr. Fenton, of New York. After
reviewing the ground taken by the former-named
gentleman he argued that his positions were alto-
gether untenable.
In 18£1, when Missouri applied for admission,
under her constitution, into the Union, she had
made no compact or contract whatever in regard
to the existence of slavery within her territory.
She claimed admission on her right as a State, and
this compact, as it was called, was a mere law, and
nothing but a law. When Arkansas applied for
admission into the Union, did the North give her
sanction to this compact, as it was called ? If there
was any compact between the North and the South
in 1820 it was that slaveiy should exist in the
South.
The principle then settled was the principle as
between Lot and Abraham: " You shall go to the
North, and we will go to the South." The first
State that applied for admission into the Union,
alter this "compromise," was the State of Arkan-
sas. lie had in his hand the vote upon that ques-
tion, and John Gtumcy Adams moved to amend
the proposition, by providing that nothing in this
act should be so construed as relating to the sub-
ject of slavery, and eighty gentlemen from the
North voted against it.
When the gentleman, therefore, from Vermont
talked to him about compacts, and contracts, and
honor, he would ask him whether the South had
ever proposed to disturb this line? Never, never.
Every effort in that direction had come from the
North. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Fenton] had talked about this Missouri com-
promise as being a bond of union between the
North and South for thirty years; and who sought
now to unsettle that bond? The North, the North.
Well did he remember, and perhaps many gen-
tlemen here remembered also, that on the 15th"day
of June, 1850, the South had on the floor of that
House offered to continue by this compromise.
He well recollected that day; and, but with few
exceptions from the North, no man voted to recog-
nize it. The South was pressed to the wall. The
North was unyielding. They would have " all or
nothing"—every foot of territory we had acquired
from Mexico; and when the South saw that there
was no faith in the North—he spoke of the Free-
Soil sentiment of the North—they said, "If you
obliterate all land-marks we must throw ourselves
back upon our constitutional rights—the rights
we possess under the Constitution of the United
States."
In 1850 it was solemnly agreed upon that the sub-
ject of slavery should be taken out of Congress.
They might call him Whig, or Democrat, or Re-
publican, or what they pleased, but he would ever
adhere to principle, regardless of names, and that
principle was the right of people to govern them-
selves. He alluded to the speech of Mr. Webster
in the Senate, in 1850, when he declared this great
doctrine, and when it was thought by all that this
demon of discord was ejected both from the Sen-
ate and the House. In that year it was solemnly
decided, by the compromise measures, that the
people of the Territories should be allowed to form
their governments as they pleased, without regard
to any restriction. It was on that principle those
measures were passed; and he claimed, as an
American, that the North should stand upon that
principle, and upon that alone.
He recommended the gentlemen of the North
to follow the example of that great man when
Faneuil Hall was closed against him, and he went
to an open space in front of the Revere House,
and there boldly told an assemblage, of more than
three thousand persons, that they should conquer
their prejudices, and fulfill their agreement with the
South.
He granted that the compromise acts of 1850
did concede the right to come into the Union with
or without slavery, and it was only the Free-
Soil ers of the North who desired to discriminate.
If ever we were to have repose in the country, it
would only be when the Free-Soilers of the North
learned that Congress should not interfere with
! this question, but should leave to the people of the
| Territories the right to do as they pleased. He
: hoped it might be the honor and glory of this
I Congress to give sanction to those principles, so
recently established, and so nobly sustained. [His
speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. CAMPBELL sought the floor.
Mr. KERR, (who was entitled to the floorunder
the arrangement entered into yesterday.) If the
gentleman from Ohio desires to address the com-
mittee in opposition to the views which we have
just heard, I will yield the floor to enable him to
do so, if I can resume it after he has concluded his
remarks.
The CHAIRMAN. Is it the pleasure of the
committee that the gentleman from North Caro-
lina shall be considered as entitled to the floor
when the gentleman from Ohio concludes?
[Cries of" Agreed !" " Agreed !"]
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman from
Ohio can proceed.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. Will my colleague yield me
five minutes of his time, to enable me to set the
gentleman from Georgia right as to an historical
fact?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I prefer not to do it.
Mr. PECKHAM. I desire to move that the
committee do now rise, that we may go into Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman from
Ohio yield the floor for that purpose?
Mr. CAMPBELL. No, sir; 1 cannot.
Mr. PECKHAM. 1 will not press the motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion cannot be
submitted whilst the gentleman from Ohio holds
the floor.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by abbury Dickins, its Secretary, informing
the House of the passage by that body of Senate
bills of the following titles; in which he asked the
concurrence of the House.
" An act (No. 92) for the benefit of citizens and
occupants of the town of Council BIuiTs, in Iowa."
"An act (No. 112) making Brunswick, in the
State of Georgia, a port of entry, and for other
purposes."
Also sundry private bills.]
