1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2018
of the nation. But now he tells us that whatever
amendments this House or Congress may adopt,
the owners of these lines of steamers have their
remedies in the courts; that the tribunals estab-
lished by the Constitution will protect them in
their rights. Why, sir, does not the gentleman
from Alabama know—does not every gentleman
upon this floor know, that the best plea any man
couid make against the law would be nolo conten-
dere. No men would undertake to enter into a
contest before the tribunals of the country with
the Government of the United States which has
nothing which it fears to lose.
Mr. PECKHAM. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will allow me to interrupt him, I
would like to ask the gentleman from Alabama
who is going to give these prosecutors the right to
prosecute in the courts? Who are to be the defend-
ants? Does the gentleman suppose that any
persons can sue against the Government of the
United States? Is not the disposal by the Gov-
ernment of the United States, of any contract,
perfect and absolute? Talk about stieing this
Government! You can do no such thing.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is all very evident,
and it is the point to which my remarks are tend-
ing. Sir, pasy this amendment, and ali that you
would do would be to divest certain persons of
the power of demanding what the Government
had contracted to pay. Should they present them-
selves before the Department for redress, the Gov-
ernment would be armed with an act of Congress
which forbids them to pay it. When they come
here and ask for the money we have contracted to
pay them, Congress may set them at defiance, and
wear them out with delay, pleading against them
for pay that their claim is too large, and then enter-
ing the plea that the claim is too old. This Gov-
ernment is continually putting itself upon its sov-
ereignty towards the people, seldom manifesting
its justice, which is the attribute of real sover-
eignty; and it is continually putting the people
upon their fares as petitioners for their rights,
instead of coming here to assert them. The best
step that could be taken—and the motion which
I would make, if I were m a'position to do it—
would be to move to strike out the enacting clause
of the bill, let it be reported to the House, and
sent back to the committee which reported it, with
instructions to make it a bill of appropriations, as
it oujfht to be.
[Voices: s< That's right; make the motion."]
The chairman of this committee has ruled
every amendment which has been offered here to-
day, for the purpose of making new appropria-
tions—and with great justice and propriety, J have
no doubt—as out of order. But, although not
one word has been said against it, I am sure he
will concur with me that those which have been
adopted, and some of the provisions of this bill,
should have been ruled out of order as not ger-
mane to a bill simply to provide ways and means
to pay tor certain contiacts. That should be the
effect of the bill, instead of attempting to enlarge
contracts, make new contracts, and violate exist-
ing contracts, as we have been trying to do from
beginning to end.
Mr. PHILLIPS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Pennington's
amendment, as amended.
Mr. PENNJNGTON. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sollers and
Campbell were appointed.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to, the tellers having reported—ayes
82, noes 42.
Mr. BRIDGES. I move that the committee
do now rise, and leport the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr. English)
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had the Union gener-
ally under consideration, and particularly a bill
" making appropriations for the transportation of
the United States mail, by ocean steamers and
otherwise, during the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1855," and had dnected him to report
the same bock with sundry amendments.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendments reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union were
then taken up and acted on.
First amendment:
In ninth and tenth lines strike out the word "forthwith,"
and insert the following : " immediately after the 3lst of
December, 1&>4."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wish to in-
quire of the Chair if it is in order to have a sep-
arate voter I ask for a division of the question
upon the first section.
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order
Mr. WASHBURN. I understand by the 53d
rule that it is in order to ask for a division of the
question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
cannot make the division as proposed by him.
Mr. WASHBURN, i ask for the reading of
the 53d rule.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Maine
designs to take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair, the Clerk will read the 53d rule, so that the
House may act understanding^ upon the matter.
Mr. WASHBURN. I do take an appeal most
respectfully from the decision of the Chair.
The 53d rule was then read, as follows:
" Any member may call loi the division of a question
which fh.ill he divided, if it comprehend propositions in
subvianeeso di>tincl. that one, being taken away a Mibsian-
tive proportion shall remain foi the dt'ci.-ion of the House.
A motion to Make out and insert shall In; deemed indivisible,
buta motion to >trike out being lost, shall piechuie neither
amendment noi a motion 10 strike out and insert."
Mr. WASHBURN. I ask that the proposi-
tion may be read, that it may appear where the
substantive proposition was left.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman desire
a separate vote upon parts of the amendment that
has been read ?
Mr. WASHBURN. Upon parts of the bill.
Upon so much of the bill as is contained from the
ninth line to the eighteenth, inclusive.
The SPEAKER. Does not the gentleman from
Maine remember that the previous question is op-
erating, which cuts off all amendments ?
Mr. WASHBURN. I do not offer an amend-
ment. I ask simply a separate vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that no
such separate vote can be had under the rules.
Mr. ORR. The original matter is not now be-
fore the House, but the question is upon an amend-
ment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Maine is simply equiv-
alent to a motion to amend the bill. It is clearly
out of order.
The question was then taken on the appeal, and
the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Second amendment:
For carrying out the contract entered into by tfie Post
Office Department, under an "Act to provide tor a tri-
monthh mail from New Oilcans to Vera Cm/,, by way of
Tampieo and back by steam vessels, " approved August
30thj 1*51,.>>1,700.
The amendment was agreed to.
Third amendment:
On page three, after the woid " Panama." in the nine-
teenth line, strike out " ,^65,(314,"and insert m lieu thereof
"£12U,U(W."
The clause, as amended, will read:
For transportation of the mails acioss the Isthmus of
Panama, §120,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
Add the following additional section to the bill:
Sko. 3. And be it further enuded, That the arrange-
ment« now subsisting for the transportation of the, mails
from New York to Liverpool, from New Yoik, via South-
ampton, to Bremen ; from New Yoi k, via Cowe-, to Havre,
and back; from New York to New Orleans, to Charleston,
Savannah and hack; fiom Panama to California and Oregon,
arid back; and from Charleston to Havana, and back, be
terumMiefj as soon as, in the opinion of the Po«.tmas«tor Gen-
eral, it may be done eon>i-tently with the public interests ;
and that the Postmaster General shall sive notice of such
termination accordingly : Prowled, Thai, in the opinion
of the Postmaster General, with the eoneiinence of the
Secretary of the Navy, and the Attorney General of the
United States, the tame ma> be done without ihe violation
ot any contract now lawtuliy binding on ihe l/mted States;
and that the tiau-porfation o! the mails on the>e lines be let
to the lowest responsible bidder, after previous advertise-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. ORR moved to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was passed, and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following ,'
bills; which thereupon received the signature of
the Speaker:
House bill (No. 474) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay John Charles Fre-
mont for beef furnished the California Indians;
and
An act for the relief of Captain Lewis E. Si-
monds.
TEXAS CREDITORS.
Mr. ORR. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to take up from the Speaker's table Sen-
ate bill No. 9G, being a bill adjusting the debts of
the Texas creditors. «
Mr. WALSH. [object.
Mr. ORR. Then I move that the rules be sus-.
pended, for the purpose of taking up the bill indi-
cated by me.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a privileged
question. I move that the House do now ad-
journ.
The SPEAKER. The Chair saw the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Chamberlain] addressing
the Chair simultaneously with the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Orr.]
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. With due deference
to the Speaker, I assert that I rose to my feet and
addressed the Chair before the gentleman from
South Carolina.
[Loud cries of "Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I wish to remark 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The gentle-
man from Indiana brings distinctly before the body
a charge of partiality on the part of the Speaker.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I did not pretend to
charge the Speaker with partiality.
The SPEAKER. 'Then why address the
Chair on that point?
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I wished to call the
attention of the Chair and of the House to the
motive which I had in rising to address the Chair
when I first did. It was this: My object was to
call for the yeas and nays on the passage of the
mail steamer bill. It was for that purpose I rose
to my feet.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can only say to
the gentleman from Indiana, that he did not know
he had risen and addressed the Chair at all in that
connection.
Mr, CHAMBERLAIN. I made the effort to
have the yeas and nays with all my might.
The SPEAKER. The Chair reiterates that he
did not hear the gentleman from Indiana at all.
The question was taken on Mr. Campbell's
motion to adjourn; and it was agreed to.
The House thereupon, (at ten minutes before four
o'clock, p. m.) adjourned till Monday at eleven
o'clock, a. in.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 31, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slider.
} On motion by Mr. COOPER, the reading of
I the Journal was dispensed with.
J EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
| Mr. MASON. I move to postpone all prior
! orders, with a view to go into Executive session;
and on that motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. COOPER. Will my friend from Virginia
i allow me to have a resolution passed for the print-
ing of the report of Professor Espy. It will give
rise to no debate. If it does, I will withdraw "it.
Mr. MASON. If my motion can be consid-
ered as before the Senate, I will, of course, give
way to any of the ordinary morning business; not
otherwise.
PROFESSOR ESPY'S REPORT.
Tife PRESIDENT. Then the resolution of
the Senator from Pennsylvania will be received.
it was read, as follows:
