1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1151
mittee, about that time, directed Mr. Nicholson
(the Union newspaper having, in the mean time,
passed into his 'hands) to perform this service,
assuring him that he should be paid at the same
rate as was allowed and paid to his predecessor.
Now, sir, neither the late nor presentproprietors
of the Union had or have any contract with the
Senate. The Senate may, with the greatest pro-
priety, employ any one else; and whom can they
employ with so much propriety as the printer
whom they have elected for this body?
My resolution, however, does not propose to
interfere with existing relations between that paper
and this body—not at all. It simply proposes
that the Sentinel shall perform like service, pro-
vided its proprietors will perform it on the same
terms.
The honorable Senator from Alabama is mis-
taken, when he snys, that by the adoption of my
resolution this work will be paid for three times.
The publisher of the Globe only, I; believe, is
paid for reporting the proceedings of this body,
and even he is complaining that the price paid is
not sufficient, and asks for an increase of compen-
sation. Mr. Nicholson, also, in his letter request-
ing to be continued as publisher, &c., to the body,
asks for increased compensation, and I have no
doubt there is much justice in the request.
But the proprietors of the Sentinel make no such
request. ^Rather than occupy the outside position
they now do; rather than deprive their readers of
a full and complete report of the proceedings of
the body of which they are officers, they offer to
accept the terms of your resolution, and will, I
have no doubt, comply with the very letter of its
provisions, if it shall be the pleasure of the Senate
to pass the order.
Mr. BROWN, i am very glad to hear the Sen-
ator from Indiana say there is no contract with
the editor of the Union to do our reporting, for
certainly the reporting is done in that paper, in my
judgment, in an exceedingly unsatisfactory way;
but we have no right to complain if we are under
no contract, and therefore under no obligation to
pay for it. He who contracts with the Senate to
report its proceedings, ought to do it, and do it
promptly; but who does not know that-the pro-
ceedings of the Senate are deferred in the columns
of the Union, sometimes for seven or eight days,
and even longer? I believe, in fact, some are not
published at all. The-questions to which they
relate lose all their interest when the publication is
deferred, and then, when the public has been allowed
to make up its mind and come to a conclusion, on
insufficient evidence, on one side of the question, the
other is sent out to it. This, I think, is ajustcause
of complaint, if we are paying the editors to publish
the proceedings of the Senate. If, however, they
are doing it on their own account, they have a right
to select such matter as they think proper to print,
and to print it at such tunes as they think proper.
J believe that the debate which sprung up here
incidentally the other day, on the President s veto
message, has not yet appeared in the Union. The
message has appeared, and has gone to the coun-
try. The editors of that paper have thought
proper to make their comments on it; but if the
debate which occurred in the Senate 011 the subject
has appeared in that paper, it has escaped my
observation. I think a paid reporter of the Senate
has no right to act in this way, but that he ought
to publish the proceedings, and publish them
promptly; and if he cannot do that, he should
throw down his contract, and cease to ask pay for
doing that which he does not do at all, or which,
at least, he does not do in a proper way.
Before we enter into a contract with another
paper, I should certainly like to know from some
who are conversant with the subject, whether it
is going to do this work in a more prompt way;
whether our proceedings are to appear in some rea-
sonable time after they have transpired; because,
if they are not, I shall be just as much opposed to
paying bim as anybody else. "When questions
are discussed here, it is of the first importance to
Senators themselves that the debates should be
published, and published promptly, so that, while
the matter is before the country, it may have a
fair opportunity of making up a just and proper
judgment in regard to it. It is not fair, it is ex-
ceedingly unjust, to defer the publication of our
proceedings until the public mind is made up on
the question to which they relate; for, m this
go-ahead age of ours, when th  mind has once
concluded upon a subject, it cannot be reopened,
unless by some very powerful appeal, or an alto-
gether new presentation of the question. For
these reasons I should like to know from my
friend from Indiana, whether there is a prospect
that the proprietors of the Sentinel will keep up
the publication with the proceedings of the Senate,
or in some reasonable time, say within a day or
two after they occur?
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 will answer the question by
saying that I have no means of knowing that fact;
but these persons are employed at. the will of the
Senate, and they can be dismissed at any time. If
a person employed under an order which we make,
neglects his duty, it is in the power of the Senate
to dismiss him at any time; but I take it for
granted, as a matter of course, that if this service
; be undertaken by the proprietors of the Sentinel,
they will perform it faithfully. I have no doubt
of it.
1 Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I shall move to
] refer this resolution to the Committee 011 Printing,
I and I wish to give my reasons for doing so. It is
i well known that some three years since—I think
last March three years ago—the editors of the In-
telligencer, an old-established paper here of many
years' standing, threw up a similar contract with
the one now proposed to be made, because they
could not afford to fulfill it at the price allowed
them. It is also known that the late proprietor of
the Union did the same thing. It is further well
known that the editor of the Globe, who certainly
prepares the debates of this bodyand of theother
House-of Congress with an ability and accuracy
that cannot be surpassed, has made a publication
lately, which I have seen, in which he shows that
he loses a large amount of money by reporting at
the present rates. Now, I know what will be the
result of all this. These gentlemen will not print
for nothing, nor without a profit; and at the close of
this session of Congress, we shall be called upon
to make up to them what they have lost by this
contract.
Mr. President, 1 think that one official paper
for the Senate and the House of Representatives,
is enough. We have the Congressional Globe,
which is ably conducted, with a reporting corps,
in my opinion, equal to any m this country, and
my impression is that we had better dispense with
the rest of the papers which report our proceed-
ings fully, and have but that alone. I think the
proposition of General Armstrong to decline his
contract, should havebeen accepted, as that of the
National Intelligencer was accepted. I think it
is better not to have the reporting and printing of
the debates of the Senate and of the House, con-
by what terms, or on what authority it is proceed-
ing?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I will explain. The
former proprietor of the Union requested the Sen-
ate to release him from his obligation to report the
proceedings. His communication was referred to
the Committee on Printing, but before that com-
mittee acted upon it the proprietor died, as is
known to the Senate. We then concluded to de-
.fer action until the paper was placed in the hands,
of some other person; at least we did not act upon
it until after the present proprietorgot possession
of the Union. He then addressed a communica-
tion to the Committee on Printing, claiming the
right to report under the contract made with a
former proprietor. That contract was examined
by the committee, and we regarded it as a judicial
question, and signified to him that if he considered
himself entitled to report under the contract, he
could proceed, but that we were not called upon
to say whether he was entitled to claim the benefit
of the former contract or not; hence we^reported
a resolution to the Senate, asking simplyto be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the sub-
ject. We believed that it was a question between
him and the accounting officers, whether they
would recognize him as legally authorized to re-
port our proceedings, and receive compensation
for doing so. I understand, that since that period
he has assumed the character of reporter, and has
received compensation for reporting the debates of
this body from that time until the present. Such
1 understand to be the facts; and this is the history
of the matter.
Now, sir, if this were a new question, and I had
to select a reporter for this body, I should cer-
tainly be willing to confer the reporting on the
gentleman who has been selected by the majority
of this body to do its work. But 1 sympathize,
as I remarked before, with the sentiments of the
honorable Senator from California, and I believe
it was the deliberate opinion of the committee that
we should have but one person to furnish reports,
and put him upon a footing that will enable him
to have the reports done correctly, and in a man-
ner that will be creditable to himself a"nd to the_
country.
I think the evidence which we have before us,
is sufficient to satisfy the mind of every Senator
that the reports in the Globe are equal to any in
any country. Where, then, is the necessity to
appoint an additional reporter? Wealready have
two. Is it to afford information to the members
of this body? By no means, because we have the
Globe and the Union laid upon our tables every
morning; and in the absence of the Union, if it is
the judgment of the Senate that that paper is not
nected with the political papers of this District any
longer. Originally our reporting was given to one |j an authorized reporter, here is the .Globe* What
paper of each party. Subsequently, the editor of j| then, I repeat, can be the object1 of creating the
the Globe, who has for a long time printed the [' additional expense of $20,000? I am not accurate
proceedings of Congress, came into the reporting. || as to the amount; but 1 think it is near tfiat sum.
I move, now, to refer this resolution to the j' I ask the Senate, where is the necessity for adding
Commitiee on Printing; and I hope the committee ji the additional expense of $20,000, when we have
will give the subject a thorough investigation. I
think the proper course for us to pursue, is to have
reports, made in the style m which they are made
I in the Globe, and when we are informed by the
but one official paper for the Senate; and let that 'j proprietor of that paper, that unless he receives
' ' '' 1 .. .. ' f| increased compensation, hecannotcontinue to give
i those reports?
. I Divide the annual expense of between $60,000
will * come in for additional compensation, and |j and $70,000 between several, and your reporting
be the Globe. I believe further, that at the end
of this session of Congress, all these printers who
aie printing for nothing, and finding themselves,
claim twenty or thirty per cent, for what they have
done, in addition to theprices they have received.
1 have seen that done heretofore; and I have no
doubt it will be done again. I think, however,
that we should be doing our duty to the country
by having one official paper in which the proceed-
ings are to be published. I move the reference of
the resolution to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I think my honorable j
(riend from Indiana is laboring under a mistake, j
when he says that the Globe is reporting without j
claiming compensation. j
Mr. BRIGHT. I did not say the Globe. 1
Mr. FIX'ZPATRICK. I should have said that •
the Senator's remark applied to the Union. He
asserted, as I understood, that the Union was pub- !
lishing our proceedings without claiming compen- j
sation. j
Mr. BRIGHT. Not at all. I said I under- !
stood the Union was continuing the publication |
of reports under an arrangement with the Commit- j
tee 011 Printing. '
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Not at ail.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then I should like to know !
will not be on as good a footing, and not so cal-
culated to give satisfaction to the country, or to
this body, as if you were to take half the amount,
or less than half the amount, and appropriate the
money for the payment of a solitary reporter.
These are the reasons which have influenced me
in coming to the conclusion which I have ex-
pressed to the Senate. I reiterate, that we had
better dispense with all the reporters but one; and
such was the opinion of theCommittee on Printing
when we investigated the matter. We came to
that determination; and, after we had reported the
facts, recommended an increased number of th$
Congressional Globe to be taken for each Senator.
The present proprietor of the Union says that
he is entitled to the contract of the former proprie-r
tor of that paper, and under that contractile has
gone on making reports, and is receiving conj«
pensation for them, as I am assured. It is a mat*
ter of indifference to me whether the Senate refer
the resolution to the Committee on Printing, or
dispose of it now. Whichever theSenate prefers
will suit me; but my deliberatejudgment and con-
viction is that which I have expressed, that-we
