448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20.
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon; and, on his motion, it was or-
dered that the conferees on the part of the Senate
be appointed by the President pro tempore.
HARBOR AND RIVER IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill for removing
obstructions in the mouth of the Mississippi river,
at the Southwest Pass, and the Pass a 1'Outre,
have directed me to report it with a substitute.
As the bill contains but a single section, and is a
matter of importance, I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate now to take,it up for consideration.
- Mr. STUART. I shall have to ask my hon-
orable friend to postpone the consideration of the
bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the honorable Senator
from Michigan will reconsider his determination
to oppose the immediate passage of the bill. A
bill appropriating an amount nearly as large, for a
purpose much less important and much less na-
tional, passed the Senate the other day by unani-
mous consent, without even a report on the sub-
ject. 1 allude to a bill appropriating §200,000 for
the improvement of the navigation of the Cape
Fear river. The bill just reported by my col-
league for the removal of the obstructions in the
passes of the Mississippi is one which, I presume,
will command the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate. I think there will be no objection to it. Un-
less, therefore, there be some special objection on
the part of the Senator from Michigan, X hope he
will waive his objection.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, if there is one
thing more unpleasant to me than another, it is to
interpose an objection when gentlemen with whom
I agree in sentiment, or to whom I am opposed,
desire to do a particular thing. But I will say, in
a few words—for I cannot, of course, at this time
be permitted to say much to the Senate—that I
agree, in reference to these appropriations, with
the gentlemen who are the most liberal under (he
powers conferred in the Constitution. But here
is a fact that has met me in the face ever since I
have had the honor of a seat in Congress, and mem-
bers of this House, as well as of the other, ought to
understand and contemplate it. The fact is, that
there is a very considerable minority of Con-
gress opposed to river and harbor improvements.
The rules of the House of Representatives are
such that that minority there can prevent, when-
ever they choose, the consideration of a single
bill; that is, a bill having for its object a single
appropriation only. Now, if the friends of har-
bor and river improvements mean to surienderthe
whole thing; if it is the sense of the Senate and
of Congress to surrender the whole question to its
opponents, they will fall into this snare of report-
ing separate bills; because just so long as they do
that, and just so long as the rules of the House of
Representatives remain as they are, one single bill
eannot pass except as a matter of grace; and when
you pass a hill as a matter of grace you exasperate
all the remainder of the country that stands upon
an equal footing; and it is for that reason that I
signified, in the committee, my intention, both in
and out of it, to oppose the passage of separate
bills.
Let a bill be prepared, such a one as ought to
be reported and presented—and I offered a resolu-
tion the other day with the view to instruct the
Committee on Commerce of the Senate, if the
House does not act in season, to report—and let
us act upon it; and I may suggest, in view of some
past legislation of the Senate, In us act with dis-
cretion and with prudence, and it can be passed,
and ought to be passed. But if separate bills are
considered, as I have said, they will be lost. And
I will suggest to the Senate how they will be lost,
and then 1 will consume no more time at present.
By the rules of the House of Represei^atives, ap-
propriation bills are entitled to precedence over all
other business. A bill making appropriations for
rivers and harbors has been repeatedly adjudged
by the House to fall within the provisions of the
rule, and hence in Committee of the Whole the
majority can take up that bill, whenever they
choose to act upon it, and pass it. A separate
bill clearly is not within the rule; it goes upon the
Calendar; and inasmuch as the discussion in that
body in Committee of the Whole permits the
member speaking to discuss anything lie chooser,
the result is that everything except the subject
under consideration is discussed during the whole
Congress; and separate bills ot this character, or
any other, are not reached.
I will state a fact. A bill was reported quite
eaily in the first session of the last Congress in
the House of Representatives to provide for an
appropriation in money to construct the St. Mary's
Canal; and although the first session of that Con-
gress was nine months long, and' we also sat the
constitutional time of the second session, we did
not get within sixty of that bill.
It will be recollected by the Senator from Missis-
sippi, who was then a member of the House, [Mr.
Brown,] that the chairman of the Committee on
Roads and Canals reported separate bills for im-
proving the rivers early in the session, among the
very first bills that were reported at the first ses-
sion of the last Congress, and we never came near
one of them during the whole year; and I say now,
what I have frequently said in that House, that if
Congress were to sit nine years continuously,
with the rules of that House as they stand, a mi-
nority opposed to river and harbor improvements
can prevent you from leaching a .separate bill.
My object, therefore—and it is said with the ut-
most friendship to my friends from Louisiana
and to this measure—is simply, at theproper time,
to call the attention of the Senate to these facts;
and if the Senate decide the question against me,
decide to surrender the whole question of river
and harbor improvements, I certainly shall not
oppose it; but, as at present advised, 1 cannot
consent to the consideration of this bill until we
can have Ume to take up the question and consider
it.
Mr. BELL. I wish to add a few words to the
considerations which have been suggested by the
honorable Senator from Michigan. Under the
circumstances and influences which exist in regard
to a river and harbor bill—I will not specify what
they are—at the present session of Congress, I
foresaw, at a very early day, that probably, unless
the Committee on Commerce of the Senate should
take up this subject, which I think it is their
bound en duty to do, we should have no harbor and
river appropriations duringthe session; and I agree
with the views presented by the honorable Senator
from Michigan: if we attempt to get these bills for
certain specific, very important, and indispensable
objects—and such an object I know this to be,
which is presented by the Senator from Louisiana
—one after another, it will be a death-blow to any
but some particular favored ones; and I doubt
whether even those will get through.
There is another reason which I hope will in-
fluence the Senate. I did not know, indeed, that
there was a resolution pending on the subject, but
I hope to-morrow morning the Senate will take
up that resolution, and instruct the Committee on
Commerce to report a general bill of this desciip-
tion; for it is not only highly expedient, if we
mean to direct attention to these appropriations,
and to these great and valuable objects, that the
Senate committee shall repoit a bill, and that it
shall pass through both Houses, but it is also
highly important that it should be done at an
early period of the session
We appropriated some $2,000,000 last Congress
to various objects of more or less importance—
some of very little, to be sure, buta great number
were highly important improvements—and they
are in a half finished condition. If we let these
bills lag along and wait upon the House of Rep-
resentatives until they report their bill, at a late
period in the session, when we shall have to hurry
it through near the close of the session of Con-
gress, which i think I foresee will hesome time in
the month of September, or in all probability in
October, a great portion of the appropriations, and
of the valuable works which have been commenced
under them, will be wholly lost; and the works
only commenced will be in a state of dilapidation
and decay, swept away by storms or floods, for
want of a continuation of the work. We not only
want the appropriation, but we want it at an early-
period of the session. Whatever appropriations
we propose to make, if it be the will of both
Houses to make any, ought to be passed before
the spring opens, so that the works may be recom-
menced^ I nope, therefore, the honorable Senator
from Michigan will not fail, to-morrow morning
or next day, to move for the consideration of his
resolution.
Mr. STUART. I intend to do it.
1 Mr BENJAMIN. I shall withdraw my re-
quest for the consideration of the bill, and join the
honorable Senators from Michigan and Tennessee
to gee the action of the Senate upon the fmbject of
river and harbor improvements, in the way of an
instruction to the Committee on Commerce.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. ALLEN. The Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom were referred the resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Michigan in relation to
claims for lands, have directed me to report a bill
appointing commissioners to ascertain certain facts
relative to private land claims in Michigan, and
to ask for its consideration at this time. It meets
with the approbation of the Commissioner of the
General Land Oifice.
lvhe bill was lead twice by unanimous consent,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
it proposes to appoint the register and receiver
of the Detroit land office commissioners to ascertain,
under the direction of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, what title to lands lying
within the Territory of Michigan were confirmed
by the commissioners in their several reports to
the Secretary of the Treasury, which are not cov-
ered by any act of confirmation of Congress, and
for which patents have not been issued; and that
they shall take an oath, or affirmation, faithfully
to perform the duties prescribed in " An act ap-
pointing commissioners to ascertain certain facts
relative to private land claims in the Territoi y of
Michigan."
It proposes to direct, further, that it shall extend
to claimants to land the title to which was con-
firmed by previous commissioners, and to which
the claimants did not receive any conveyance from
the United States, and to claimants to land ihe
title to which was confirmed by the commission-
ers, and who received a patent from the United
States for a less quantity of acres than was con-
firmed; with the provision, however, that it shall
not extend to claimants who received a patent
from the United States for lands included within
the metes and bounds set forth in their applica-
tion or in the confirmation of the commissioners,
or who received other lands equal in quantity;
that the claimants shall, within one year from the
passage of the bill, give specific notices of their
claims to the commissioner, minutes of which
notices, and all subsequent proceedings, with the
evidence in each case, shall be entered by the re-
gister in a book kept for the purpose; that the
commissioner shall have power to compel the at-
tendance of witnesses, administer oaths, and have
access to all records of theUnited States that may
be necessary in their investigations; and that
within two years after the passage of the bill, they
shall furnish a certified transcript of their pi oceed-
ings and the evidence, together with their opinion,
upon the merits of each case, to the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, who shall immediately
thereafter lay them before Congress, with his rec-
ommendation thereon.
Mr. GWIN. What is that bill?
Mr. STUART, f will state to the Senator,
that it is for the purpose of enabling the Land Of-
fice Department to ascertain certain facts respect-
ing private land claims in the eastern pan of our
State, with a view to their being properly adjusted.
It is a preliminary movement''to enable the Land
Office to ascertain the facts in the case.
Mr. GWIN. It makes no settlement?
Mr. STUART. Oh, no; it is only with a view
of getting the facts to enable a proper disposition
to be made afterwards.
Mr. PETTIT. The bill was drawn under my
direction and advice. It does not give away or
dispose of an acre of laud. It only authorizes the
appointment of commissioners, which is necessai y
j to enable the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to know where certain lands lie, and how
much of them there are, and to direct them to re-
port, in order that patents may be issued.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third timej and passed.
CAPITOL EXTENSION.
Mr. BAYARD. The Committee on Public
Buildings, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion from the House, authorizing a supuleme?ifal
contract for certain marble for the Capitol exten-
sion, have directed me to leport it back without
amendment, and with a recommendation in favor
