THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JULY 31, 1854.
New Series...,No. 127..
ing to the rigorous forms of a court of law, but with sub-
stantial fullness and authenticity. Applications for pen-
sions aie constantly rejected for defect of testimony. But
this leasonable practice, which is a necessary safeguard
against abuses, has been disregarded in the present case.
No evidence of any kiud—not a shred or particle—was
produced. The majority of the committee undertook to
act at once, on loose and general report, gathered at a mo-
ment of excitement from the public press. In this respect
?hey have obviously proceeded with more haste than dis-
cretion. Such a course cannot be in conformity with ap-
proved precedents. In itself it will be a bad piecedent for
the future.
But this proceeding seems more obnoxious to comment,
when it is known that it appeared, from the very sources
on which the committee relied, that the fact4; in question
are ail at this moment the subject uf judicial inquiry, still
pending, in the courts at Boston. Several citizens have
been indicted for participation in the transaction to which
reference is made, and in which Batchelder is said to nave
been killed. Th^ir trials have not yet taken place, but are
near at hand. Under these peculiar circumstances, the
indiscreet haste of the committee, thus acting in advance
of authentic evidence and lite pendente^ is enhanced by
the possible detriment to the grave interests of justice,
which all will admit should not be exposed to any partisan
Influence from abroad. The report accompanying the hill,
without any aid from human testimony, undertakes to pro
noun^e dogmatically on facts which will be in issue on
these trials. Anticipating the court, and literally without
a hearing, itgivesjudgment on absent persons, as well as
•on distant events.
On grounds irrespective of the merits of the case, the un-
dersigned object to any action upon it on the present evi-
dence, and in the existing state of things. They object for
two reasons: first, that such action would become a bad
precedent, opening the way to a disregard of evidence in
the distribution of pensions and bounties; and secondly,
that it would be an interference—offensive though indi-
rect—with the administration of justice, in matters still
pending, and involving the fortunes of several citizens.
These reasons are ample.
But on other grounds, of a different character, and vita!
to the merits of the case, the undersigned must dissent from
the majority of the committee.
Regarding the act of Congress, usually known as the fugi-
tive slave bill, as unconstitutional, while it is justly con
demned by the moral sense of the communities where it is
sought to be enforced, the undersigned are not disposed to
recognize any services rendered m its enforcement as meri-
torious in their character Especially are they unwilling to
depart beyond the clear line of precedents, in voting boun-
ties on account of such services. This, of itself, is a suffi-
cient reason for opposition to the proposed bill.
But admitting tor the moment the asserted constitution-
ality of the fugitive slave act, and it* conformity with just
principles, of duty ; and admitting further, that efforts for
us enforcement are to be placed m the same scale with
efforts to enforce other acts of Congress, of acknowledged
constitutionality and clear conformity with just principles
of duty, then the undersigned beg leave to submit that, ac-
cording to the practice of our country, such efforts have not
been considered as entitled to the ordinary reward ot pen-
sions or kindred bounties.
The pennons and kindred bounties of our country have
been founded exclusively on military and naval services.
In England, civil services, whether on the bench, in diplo-
macy,or in the departments of Slate, are subjects of pen-
sion"; but it is otherwise here. With us there are no gen-
eral laws to this end ; nor are there special laws of such
clear meaning and character as to become piecedents, sanc-
tioning pensions or bounties for civil services A report of
this committee, made by its chanman at this very session of
Ooiu ie1-^, states the iule and practice of Congress. Here
is the whole leport, (Rep Com., No. 109 :)
In Senate of the United St<ttes, Jiprxl 11, 1851—Mr.
Jones, of Iowa, made the following report:
The Committee on Pensions, to whom wa« referred the
petition of Rebecca Bright, beg leave to repoit:
" That the petitioner is the widow of Jacob Bright, an
armorer, who was killed at the navy-yard in this city by
the bursting of a shell. He being an employee of the Gov-
ernment, and in no senie to he regarded as in its - military
or naval service,* the committee run find no reason, founded
iniaivor justice, for pensioning his widow. Her case is
precisely that of the widow of a laborer, or mechanic, em-
ployed b> the daj or month upon any public work. They
theiefore recommend that the prayer ot the petitioner be
rejected.''
And yet, in the very teeth of this recommendation, made
by thenisHves at this ve.y session, the committee now pro-
pose to bestow a bounty upon such services. If tne com-
mittee weie right in their former report, they cannot be
right now. ,
Tiif report accompanying the bill shows that three of the
committee have felt that their recommendation needed the
support of ptecedents, and tln>y have ransacked me records
for tnem. Two only aie produced. _
The first in an act of Congtes^, beaming date June  ,
1794. winch provides ££ that the sum ot $2,OHO he allowed
the widow of Robert Forsyth, late marshal of the district
Ot (ieoigia, for the u e of herself and the children ot the
said Foi-vth."' ()n search m the otfice of the Secretary ot
the Senate, where this hill originated,and also at the
Trea-ut y. where the monev was paid, no papers have hem
found sliowuia the occasion ol this grant; not ha* any-
body uiulejtakrn to state anv. This precedent, then, can
be of little value m establishing an important lule in the
dispensation of national bounties.
12?
The only remaining precedent adduced by the commit-
tee is an act beariug date May 8,1830, and providing " that
the Postmaster General be directed to pay to the widow of
John Heap, late ot the city of Baltimore—who, while em-
ployed as a carrier of the mail of the United States, having
the said mail in his cu tody, was beset by ruffians and mur-
dered—out of the money belonging to the United States,
arising from the postage of letters and packets, .^oOO in ten
equal semiannual payments." On this precedent Congress
will surely hesitate to establish a rule which will open anew
diain upon the bounty of the country.
The general laws do not award pensions or bounties for
services in enforcing the revenue laws of the country, and
it is not known that any special acts have ever been passed
rewarding such services, though they"have often been ren-
dered at immineut danger to life, as well from shipwreck
as from the violence of smugglers. The proposed bill will
be an apt precedent for bounty m thh i;ir<je class of cases;
and it may properly be opposed by all who aie not ready
lor a new batch of claimants.
The undersigned venture to make a single comment fur-
ther on the report accompanying the bill. This report, not
content with assigning reasons tor its proposed bounty, pro-
ceeds to take cognizance of the conduct of the people of
Massachusetts; the citizens, soldiers, the marshal and his
deputies, the mayor and police of Boston, in the recent
transaction, and assumes to hold the scales of judgment.
In this respect it evinces an indiscreet haste similar to that
alreadydisplayed m acting on the present proposition, with-
out authentic evidence, and during the pendency of judicial
investigations. It appears troin the public journals, out of
which all onr information on this matter is derived, that the
conduct of several public functionaries on this occasion in
Massachusetts has been seriously drawn in question. The
maishal of the district is openly charged with making the
arrest of the alleged fugitive, under the fraudulent pretense
that he was a criminal—a scandalous device which no
honest man can regard without reprobation. The mayor
of Boston is also openly charged with a violation of the pri-
mal pimciples of free institutions and of the law of the land,
in sun endermg the city for the time being into the possession
of a military force, and thus establishing there thatFiiprem-
acv of arms under which all law is silent. But on these
things the undersigned express no opinion. They desire
only"to withhold all assem from the blindfold ratification
which the report accompanying the bill volunteers, without
reason or occasion, to the conduct of public functionaries
as well as of others, who, according to some evidence, may
have acted very badly. CHARLES fiUMNBR,
WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, this is the
first of the last four days of the session. I wish
distinctly to state the attitude of this question be-
fore the Senate, in order that the Senate and the
country may see, if any embarrassment should
result to the business of the Senate, upon whom
the responsibility will lie. The House of Rep-
resentatives has sent to us this morning a bill for
the relief of Betsy Nash, a very aged widow of
an officer 
Mr. ADAMS. If the Senator from New York
will allow me a moment, I desire to say that the
friends of the bill are perfectly willing to take a
vote, upon the reading of the report of the ma-
jority, and of the views of the minority of the
committee, without any argument beyond the
simple statement of the papers which have been
read. If they desire to discuss it, of course we
desire to discuss the other side.
Mr. SEWARD. I was proceeding to soy that [
the House of Representatives had sent to us a
bill for the relief of Betsy Nash, the very aged ;
widow of an officer of the army of 1812, who
suifered from disease contracted ill the public ser- i
vice at Sackett's Harbor, in consequence of which
he was disabled, and languished, and died. His
case was presented for sixteen years. It was pre-1
sented in the first place to the pension department,
and the pension department finding it not to come i
technically within the letter of the law, was obliged !
to reject it, but recommended it to the favoiable i
consideration of Congress. A bill for her relief |
passed one House and then went to the other alter- j
nately each session for several years, but never
passed the two Houses at the same session. So j
the passage of the bill was delayed without the ;
fault of the officer while living, or his widow after
his death, for sixteen years. At a very late day '
of the present session the House of Representa-
tives entertained the subject, upon the unanimous
report of the Committee on Pensions in that
House, which recommended the passage of a bill
allowing half pay for a period of ten years. That
bill came before the Committeeon Pensions of the
Senate this moraine, and, on examination, they
concluded that half pay for ten years was not
within the line of precedents adopted by their
committee, and therefore reduced .it to-five .years,
reducing the sum proposed to tie paid by the House
to a small pittance; and the committee, upon the
suggestion that the widow was old and mfirm,
and probably could not survive until the next ses-
sion of Congress, recommended its passage im-
mediately.
Now, sir, that is the case.of an old widow. It
had been long delayed, and yet now when her bill
is before us an amendment to it is proposed, which
brings up, at this stage of the session, allthe ques-
tions involved in the proceedings of the execution
of the fugitive slave law in Boston. I need not
say that it is a subject-matter entirely different and
foreign to it. It tends to bring up a disputed ques-
tion. So far from the committee being unani-
mously in favor of the amendment, there was not
a majority which united in its recommendation.
It involves question's of great magnitude, and en-
tirely irrelevant to the subject-matter of the original
bill. What is recommended in the original bill ia
a pension, which is to be granted in accordance
with the uniform practice .of Congress from the
Revolution down to this day. What is proposed
by the amendment is to give a bounty to the widow
of a person who was not a soldier engaged in the
military service of the country, but a civil officer
assisting in the execution of a process. What is
proposed in the original bill is a pension. What
is proposed in the other case is a bounty, a bounty
which is a matter of discretion, and, therefore*
unless great care is taken, may be acted, upon
from motives and considerations which might be
capricious;
Now, then, it will be seen at once that whatever
may be the circumstances of this matter, as to its
effect upon public business, this bill, if amended,
as proposed, cannot pass Congress at the present
session. Only four days remain until the expira-
tion of the session, and as to an amendment of
this character, if it shall pass here—an'd it cannot
be expected to pass without debate—the .House
of Representatives, who are engaged in very im-
portant business, cannot be likely to take up a
question which is so much litigated, and so much,
htigated in the House of Representatives, as to
the payment of a bounty to the widow of a per-
son for his assistance m the execution of the fugi-
tive slave act. It is but a few days since a prop-'
osidon to repeal that law received forty-nine votes
in the other House. And when they were pre-
pared to vote for the repeal of the fugitive slave
law, they cannot be expected to votefora bpunty.
of this character, for services in.its execution, at
least without discussion or debate upon .this-sub-
ject. • , ■■ -
Thus, then, not only the original measure, so
right, just,and humane in itself,' but this new measj
ure, which, although so questionable, many have
so much at heart, may fail. We shall, then, with-
out attaining the object of giving a bounty to the
; person named in the amendment defeat the mam
> purpose of the House of Representatives, which
i they have expressed m the bill Which they sent
i here. I regret the presentation of the subject at
i this time, because it will, without doubt, tend to
injure a meritorious claim. It is not, my purpose
unnecessarily to debate the question. Honorable
Senators who favor the amendment have said that
they are ready to take the question upon the re-
ports without argument. The effect ofsucha prop-
osition as that, would be the surrendering of the
ri ht of debate, and we should come here to the
consideration of the questions, which in future
may come up, without the benefit of that argu-
ment which is always presumed to be necessary
for the enlightenment of the country, as well as
the enlightenment of the Senate itself.^
I need not say one word in behalf of the ori-
o-inal bill. I am sure that the consideration which
induced the House of Representatives to pass it
I unanimously, and which induced the Senate unau-
I imousiy to take it up, would also induce theSen-
; ate to pass it. I appeal to them to carry out this
i intention by letting that bill pass which is in uself
I unobjectionable, and let the other come m as a
| distinct proposition for a bounty upon its own
