450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
J
things which be has said to which I wish to call
the attention of the Senate. It is necessary to-the
proper understanding of my position; and, there-
fore, I should desire the attention of the Senate
either to-night or to-morrow morning.
Several Senators. To-morrow morning.
Mr. CASS. 1 would rather go on now.
Several Senators. Go on! go on !
Mr. SUMNER. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. CASS. 1 prefer to go on, and I shall not
detain the Senate long. The Senator from Indi-
ana* has made a most extraordinary speech. He
says he has reflected upon it, and that the fire has
burned within him, I think, for about four years,
apparently wholly smothered. "Well, sir, it has
finally come out, something after the manner of a
volcano—with a great explosion, but a very harm-
less one. I did not suppose he had nursed it up
so long; and, under all the circumstances, the view
which the honorable Senator has taken is wonder-
ful, indeed. The Senator admits he did say that
Congress had power to sell the people of the Ter-
ritories into slavery. If I had said that in the
American Senate, I should be in a great passion
with myself, as he evidently is, and not being
willing to turn upon myself, I should turn upon
somebody else. It was a most extraordinary
sentiment, atrocious, indeed. Now, what were the
circumstances under which I referred to it? Two
years preceding my speech on which the Sena-
tor commented I wrote a letter, which is some-
what known, I presume, to every Senator, and
has, in a measure, become historical, in which 1 I
went into the consideration of the constitutional
power of Congress over the Territories. The Sen- !
ator, a few months after that letter was written,
when I was not here, reviewed the doctrine I ad-
vocated in the severest leans, using such epithets
as " silliness," and "absurdity," and others of a
similar character, applying them to those who ad-
vocated the same position which I maintained.
Knowing perfectly that 1 had advocated it, how
could I suppose but that he meant his remarks to
apply to me ? The first opportunity I had after I
returned here I took up the question connected
with the government of the Territories, and in so
doing,! turned over the Congressional Globe, and
reviewed all that had been said upon the subject.
Why, sir, any man who has heard the Senator
from Indiana to-day would have supposed that 1
had picked him out, and that he was the only
person to whose opinions I had alluded. I went
over the history ot the whole matter, in my ex-
amination, in order to ascertain the views of the
respective speakers, and the foundation upon which
they placed the assumed power of Congress to
govern the Territories. My own colleague was
one of them, and he will recollect the circum-
stances perfectly well. I did review them all. I
quoted their language, in order; in the first place,
to show these assumed grounds, and then, subse-
quently, to show that, in my opinion, there was
no power in the Constitution of the United States
giving the right to Congress to govern the Terri-
tories. That was my conclusion. Among these
was the Senator from Indiana; and I was far more
struck with the unjustifiable sentiments he ad-
vanced than by the strength of the argument he
displayed. I commented upon them, as I hud a
right to do. Arid it is among the extraordinary
perversions of human nature to witness the spirit
displayed by the Senator four years after the oc-
currence, at this very common procedure.
But, sir, the Senator says I said this when he
was absent. And does he suppose he can shoot
a speech like a Parthian arrow, and then place
himself beyond reach of observation? The gen-
tleman left his speech here. It was a public doc-
ument, among the Congressional archives of the
nation. It had gone out to the country, to the
knowledge of theAmeucan people. Because he
was not here, was his doctrine never to be re-
viewed? It was no personal matter; it was the
speech of a member of the House of Represent-
atives of the United States. I found it in the
Congressional Globe. It laid down constitutional
doctrines in which I did not believe. I will ask
any man, within the hearing of my voice, if this
was not a proper ground of criticism and of ex-
amination ? and I appeal to every Senator to look
at my speech, and see whether I did not examine
it in a proper spirit. There is no question but
that I had a right so to do, and he has no right
to reproach me for having performed this duty.
The gentleman examined, in my absence, the
doctrines which I had advocated, and, though
he did not use my name, no man can doubt, ^ho
knows the history of the country, that I must
have been one of the persons m his*mental eye at
the time he was so prolific in his denunciations.
It could not have been otherwise.
As to the general power and jurisdiction of Con-
gress over the Territories, I am notgoingto argue
that now. I have done that before. I leave others
to judge. I must confess 1 am better pleased
with my work since I have seen the temper in
which it has been received by the Senator. He
who is right generally preserves his self-balance.
1 will say, however, a few words, in consequence
of the positive tone and apparent self-complacency
in which the Senator asserted he had established
his position beyond doubt. How has he estab-
lished it? Why he has established it by loose
and general references and implications. He sup-
poses thepowerof acquisition to mcludethepower
of government. This is anon sequtter. We may
organize governments without the least necessity
for regulating the internal affairs of the people.
Those should be left to themselves. When you
acquire territory there is a moral necessity for the
organization of government. That you may do
as a matter of necessity. But there the necessity
and your power stops, and from that point the
right of the people to exercise the power of selfr
government commences. The two powers of ex-
ternal organization and of internal regulation are
as different as two political principles can be, and
he who does not understand the dilference, does not
understand the doctrine of our fathers, and their
separation from England.
Nosv, Mr. President, I will ask any Senator
here to put his finger upon that clause in the Con-
stitution which givey Congress the power to regu-
late the internal affairs of the Territories. You
cannot find anything like it from the beginning to
the end of that instrument. You find the power
to regulate and "dispose of" the 44 territory and
other property belonging to the United States; "
but what has the Supreme Court said about that
provision? That the word "territory" in that
part of the Constitution means land, and the
power is, in other words, the power to regulate
and dispose of the public lands; and I ask any
man if that includes the power of political juris-
diction, the power of life and death, over all the
inhabitants living there? The power to dispose of
the land, upon the construction of the Senator,
gives a political jurisdiction over all the concerns
of life, and all that makes life desirable—the right
to sell land gives the right to sell the people into
slavery. Never under the Government of Turkey
or Russia was such a power conveyed in such
language.
The Senator says that Judge Marshall so de-
cided. He did in some measure intimate such an
opinion; but the Senator quotes Judge Marshall's
words, and most singular they are; showing great
doubts upon the subject—and any candid man on
examination will say so. What does he say in
the very words which have been quoted? Why,
that whatever may be the foundation of the power,
the United States unquestionably possess it. Is
that in the usual manner of that clear-sighted,
and clear-spoken man, when he saw the subject
before him without doubt? No; it m fact aban-
dons the question of right, as not to be maintained,
and places the exercise of power upon possession
only. And the Senator repeats the same view,
and says, no matter where the power came from,
the United States have got it. Is it no matter,
j in this Government of limited power, where Con-
| gress gets its authority ? Has Congress nothing
| to do but to exercise any powers which it may
j lay its hands upon, and then justify the possession
! by,the usurpation ? That certainly is a most repre-
j hensible and dangerous doctrine. I must again
j say, however, that I could never understand how
| the Court—after determining that the word " ter-
i ritory" in the clause, giving Congress power to
S make all needful rules and regulations in the terri-
j tory, and other property of the United States, meant
i land," and that it was only a power to regulate
| lands—could decide that this Government had full
, power of life and death over the people of the
Territoiiet?.
The Senator says that I am arraigning all the
people to whom he referred, dead and living,
judges, legislators, and many other characters.
What kind of an argument is that? I acknowl-
edge the value of precedents; I am not bound
by them, indeed, but I acknowledge them as rea-
sonable evidence of the proper meaning of the
Constitution; but is that any reason why I should
not examine their truth and foundation? In a
Government like this, of written and limited pow-
ers, they are less authoritative than in any other,
for we have always our great charter to fall back
upon. The Senator has yet to learn one of the
main principles of the Democratic faith, and that
is, that no precedent supersedes the Constitution.
The repeated decisions in favor of the right to
establish a bank do not weigh a straw with the
Democratic party, and they reject the doctrine and
the usurpation. 1 submit, with all possible resig-
nation, to this solemn arraignment repeated so often
by the Senator, and which he seemed to consider
a kind of death stroke.
With respect to this question of jurisdiction,
Mr. Madison said that the Congress of the Con-
federation, which exercised a similar power, did it
without a shadow of authority. He examined
the point, and decided that its exercise was un-
constitutional. I think the Senator had better
include him in his formal arraignment, as he has
attacked me for following humbly in his footsteps.
As to the general question of jurisdiction, how
does this question stand ? One gentleman gets up
and contends that Congress have the power, be-
cause they are sovereign; another, because they
may make acquisitions, and then must govern
them; a third, because they are owners, and so on,
to the end of the chapter. There are, in fact, no
less than twelve reasons which have been given
in favor of this power; and under what kind of
a Government is it that this authority is thus
claimed ? Under a Government ofhmited powers;
of powers which cannot be executed unless you
find them in the Constitution expressly or by ne-
cessary implication; yet we hear gentlemen say-
ing here that the United States are sovereign, and
therefore may govern the Territories. Put your
finger, I repeat, on the clause of the Constitution
which gives the power. That is the place to find
it to the law and to the testimony. But you can-
not find it there. You maybe sovereign or sub-
ordinate, dependent or independent, and these
considerations are not worth a cent in such an
inquiry as this. The Constitution alone is your
guide, and should be your rule. The honorable
Senator from New York [Mr. Seward] the other
day committed the same error in maintaining that,
because under certain circumstances, you may
establish a government for a Territory, you may
do everything; you may usurp jurisdiction over
all their internal concerns. How easy does power
seek to extend itself 1 for just so said the British
Government to our fathers.
They declared " that his Majesty in Parliament
has the right, by statute, to bind the colonies in
all cases whatsoever." And what said the patri-
archs of the Revolution to this tyrannical edict?
"You have no such right. We grant you the
right of regulating our exterior concerns; but when
you come to our homes to touch our domestic
concerns we deny your right, and will resist you."
And they did. And I tell the Senator from Indi-
ana, after all he has said, that Congress has never
gone to that length. Congress has regulated the
exterior relations of the Territories; and you will
observe, that when you put this power on the only
true foundation, the foundation on which Mr.
Madison put the action of the Congress of the
Confederation, as a matter of necessity arising
under.the circumstances, you are bound to go no
further than the necessity requires. That is the
true doctrine. Does necessity require you to reg-
ulate the domestic concerns of the Territories?
No, sir; and the best evidence is, that you have
never done so but in one instance. The only case
of direct intermeddling with the internal concerns
of a Territory by Congress has been in regard to
the institution of slavery. •
I do not speak of the outlines for their govern-
ment. Men may well differ as to whether a
Territory should have three or four judges, or
how Ions: they shall hold their terms of office, or
shall be voters, or on manyothersimilarquestions.
1 willingly admit that men may differ as to how
far you may go in the execution of your necessary
power, or Jo what extent you shall be limited. I,
perhaps, should differ from many on this question;
but there is a point beyond which you cannot
