1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1161
desire further debate, and shall move to terminate it at the
earliest hour."
Mr. CAMPBELL. I was of the impression
that there was nothing said about the special order.
[Cries of " Question !" Question!"]
Mr. GIDD1NGS. I trust that thechairman of
the Committee on Territories will permit me to say
a single word.
The SPEAKER. If not objected to by the
House, the gentleman from Ohio will be permitted :
to propound an interrogatory to the gentleman |
from Illinois j
[Cries of " I object!"] j
Mr. GIDDINGS. Weoccupied seven months I
in admitting California as a State into the Union, i
I now understand that it is determined to close !
debate on this important bill in four days. j
[Cries of 44 Order!"] i-
Mr. RICHARDSON. I insist that my motion I
be put to the House. i
Mr. MACE. «Mr. Speaker  '
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi- j
ana is aware that the subject is not debatable. 1
Mr. MACE. I am aware of it. I move to lay j
the motion to close debate on the table; and on 1
that motion call for the yeas and nays. I
Mr. GIDD1NGS. I move that there be a call :
of the House. I
Mr.'CAMPBELL. I would appeal to my col- !
league to withdraw his motion for awhile.
Mr. GIDDKNGS. As the yeas and nays are
called on the motion to lay the motion to close
debate on the table, I withdraw the motion which
I made that there be a call of the House.
Mr. ENGLISH. I renew the motion that there
be a call of the House.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. On that
motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to aslc the Chair a
question in relation to this matter.
The SPEAKER, if not objected to, the gen-
tleman can proceed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object,unless both sides
are to be heard.
Many other Members objected.
The SPEAKER. It is objected to, and the
Chair must execute the rules. The gentleman
from Alabama cannot proceed.
Mr. HOUSTON. Have I not a right to ask
the Chair a question in relation to the vote I am
about to give ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to make a question of order; but he has no right,
by interrogatories or otherwise, to debate a prop-
osition of this kind.
Mr. HOUSTON. If I am not permitted to ask
a question, so as to bring before the House a fact
connected with the movement now being made,
I will state it myself. If we postpone the time
for closing the debate upon this bill until next
week, or to a period so late that the opponents of
the bill can, under the live-minute debate, prevent
action upon it before next Tuesday, we may not
be able to get it for weeks, if not months.
Next Tuesday the Pacific railroad bill comes up
as a special order, and it will riot be in order to :
move to postpone it if any one member objects. It j
being Tuesday, it will not be in order to move to \
suspend the rules; and if it were in order, it would j
require two thirds to carry the motion, which we i
have no hope of obtaining. Hence, if we do not i
get a vote before Tuesday, there is no telling when
we will get it.
The question was then taken on Mr. English's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
88, nays 97; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Banks*. Belcher, Bell, Bennett,
Benson, Benton, Breckinridge, Bugg, Campbell, Carpen-
ter, Chandler, Crocker, Cullom, Thomas Davis, Dean, De
Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Drum, Eastman, Edgerton, Ed-
mands, Thomas D Eliot,'Etheridge, Everhart, Farley, Fen-
ton, Flagler, Gamble, Giddwgs, Goodrich, Grow, Harrison,
Haven, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Daniel T. Jones, Kittredge, ;
Knox, Lane, Lindsley, McCulloch, Mace, Macy, Matte^on, j
Maurice, Meacham, Middleswarth, Morgan. Murray, No- j
ble, Noiton, Andrew Oliver, Peck, Peckham, Pennington, !
Bishop Perkins, Prwgle, Puryear, David Ritchie, Thomas i
Ritchey, Rogers, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Seymour, |
Skelton, William R. Smith, Snodgrass, Alexander H. Ste- j
phens, Hestor L. Stevens, Stratton, Straub, John L. Tay- i
lor, Nathaniel G. Taylor,Thurston, Trout, Upham, Wade, |
Walley, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Tappan j
Wentworth, and Wheeler—88. j
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis j
Allen. Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Baylv, Barks- i
dale, Rarry, Bocock, Bridges, Caskte, Chamberlain, Chris- ]
man, Clark, Clingman, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Crafge, Cur- I
tis, Cutting, John G. Davis, Dawson, Disney, Dowdell,
Dunbar, Eddy, Edmundson, Ellison, English, Florence,
Franklin, Fuller, Green, Greenwood, Hamilton, Wiley P.
Harris, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hillyer, Houston, In-
gersoll, Johnson, George W. Jones, Kidwvll. Kurtz, Lamb,
Latham, Letcher, Lilly, Lmdley, Macdonald, MeDougail,
McNatr, Maxwell, May, John G. Miller, Smith Miller,
Million, Morrison, Olds, Mordeeai Oliver, Paoker, Parker,
John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Ready,\
Reese, Richardson, Kiddle, Robbins, Rowe, Uuflin, Sew-
iud, Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, George W. Srnyih, Richard II. Stanton, John J.
Taylor, Vail, Vansant, Walker, Walsh, Warren, Wells,
Witte, Daniel B. Wright, lienduek B. Wright, and ZoJii-
cofter—97.
So the House refused to order a call.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Mace to lay the resolution upon the table, on
which the yeas and nays had been demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 95, nays 100; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Banks, Belcher, Bennett, Benson,
Benton, Bugg,Campbell, Carpenter,Ca^kie,ChamberJam,
Chandler, C/ocker, Uullom, Curu , Cutting, Thomas Da-
vis, De Win, Dick, Dickinson. D>um, Ea&tinan, Edgerton,
Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, Ethendge, Everhart,
Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Franklin, Gamble, Guiding^,
Gooduch, Grow, Hamsun, Ilaveiij Howe, Hughes, Hum,
Daniel T. Jones, Kerr, Kittredge, k nox, Lmdlej , Lmd-dey,
McCulloch, Mace, Matteson,Maurice, MayaN, Meacham,
Middleswarth, Million, Moigan, Murray, Norton, Andrew
Oliver, Parker, Peck, Peckham, Pennington, Bishop Per-
kins, Pratt, Pringle, Puryear, David Ritchie, Thomas
Ritchey, Rogers, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Seymour,
Skelton, Gernt Smith, Hestor L. Movents, Stratton, An-
drew Stuart, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurs-
ton, Tracy, Trout, Upham, Wade, Walley, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, John Wenlvvorth,
Tappan Wentworth, Wheelei, and Daniel B. Wright—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis
Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Barks-
dale, Barry, Bell, Bocock, Bovce, Breckinridge, Bridged,
Brooks, Chn&nian, Clark, Clinguiau Cobb, Colquitt, Cox,
Cratge, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Disne>, Dowdell,
Dunbar, Dunham, Eddy,Edmuud>ou, English, Florence,
Fuller, Goode, Green, Greenwood, Hamilton, Wiley P.
Hams, Hendricks, Henn, Ilihbard, Hillyer, Houston, In-
gersoll, Johnson, George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Kent,
Kid well, Kurtz, Lamb, Latham, Letcher, Lilly, Macdonald,
MeDougail, Mc.\ air, Macy, Maxwell, May, John G. Miller,
Smith Miller, Noble, Olds, Mordeeai Oliver, Orr, Packer,
John Peikins, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Preston, Ready,
Reese, Richardson, Riddle, Robbins,Ri>we, Ruftin, Seward,
Shaw. Shower, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith', William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Richaid H.
Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens,' Straub, John J. Taylor,
Tweed, Vail, Vansant, Walker, Walsh, Warren, Witte,
Hendnck B. Wright, and Zollicoffer—J00.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The question recurred on seconding the demand
for the previous question.
When the name of Mr. Snodorass was called
on the above vote, he stated that he had paired oif
with Mr. Corwin, of Ohio, or he should have
voted " No."
Mr. STAN3TON, of Tennessee, stated that he
had paired ofT with Mr. Yates, of Illinois.
Mr. EDGERTON. I would ask the gentle-
man from Illinois if he will consent to any modifi-
cation of his resolution?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have already stated
that there is no changc that I can make so as to
enable the bill to be disposed of before the special
order comes up next week. Eighty speeches
"have already been made upon this question, which
is more than have ever been made on any ques-
tion in Congress.
Mr. EDGERTON. Well, sir, there are two
hundred and thirty-three men here.
A Member. Two hundred and thirty-four.
Mr. EDGERTON. Yes, two hundred and
thirty-four men here, who have a right to speak
if they see fit*, and I know of no reason why ten
men, or forty men, should be cut off from debate.
If the gentleman will consent to a modification of
his resolution in such a manner as to enable gen-
tlemen to speak who desire to 
Mr. RICHARDSON. I decline to modify the
resolution, and call for a vote on the previous
question.
A Member, (to Mr. Edgekton.) How much
time do you want?
Mr. EDGERTON. Say till Saturday at twelve
o'clock.
[Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Being slow of mind, I
have not been able to make up my opinion on the
motion offered by my colleague; I therefore ask
to be excused from voting.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that the gentleman
from Ohio be excused from voting.
Mr. FARLEY. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I move to
lay the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Cullom] upon the table; and on that motion-
1 demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wentworth] moves to lay the motion to
excuse the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell]
upon the table. The Chair decides that that mo-
tion is not in order, for the reason that nothing
can be accomplished by it. The motion to ex-
cuse the gentleman from Ohio must be taken
without debate. Upon that motion the yeas and
nays have been demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—-
yeas 85, nays 102; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas'H.
Bayly, Ball, Barksdalu, Bell, Benton, Bridge*, Campbell,
Chrisman, Clark, Cobb, Colquit, Craige, Cullom, John
G. Davis, Dick, Disney, Dunbar, Eddy, Edmundson,
Ellison, English, Flagler, Florence, Goode, Goodrich,
Green, Greenwood, Hamilton, Wiley P. Hanis, Harrison,
Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hillyer, Ingersoll,
George W. Jones, Keitt, Kurtz, Lane, Latham, Lilly,
Lindh'y, Macdonald, MeDougail, McNnir, May, John G.
Miller, Millsori, Mordeeai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Phelps,
Pratt, Preston, Puryear, Ready, Riddle, Rogers, Rowe,
Ruffin, Sage, Sewaul, Seymour, Shaw, Shower, Singleton,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith,
George W. Smyth, Alexander H. Stephens, Hestor L. Ste-
vens^ Straub, Joh.i J.Taylor, Vail, Vansant, Walbridge,
Wairen, Israel Washburn, John Wentwoith, Witte, and
Hendnck B. Wright—8.>.
NAYS—Me>sr . Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Banks,
Barry, Bclcber, Bennett, Benson, Bocock, Boycp, Breck-
inridge, Brooke, Bung, Carpenter, Caskie, Chamberlain,
Chandler,Chuiehwell,Chngman, Crockei,Curtis,Thomas
Davis, Dawson, Dean, De Witt, Dickinson, Dowdell, Ea:>i-
man, Edgerton, Edmands, Thomas D Ehot, Erheridge,
Everhart, Farley, Fenton, Fiankiin, Gamble, Giddmg-*,
Grow, Houston, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, Daniel
T. Jones, Roland Jones, Kerr, Kidwell, Kittredge, Knox,
Lamb, Letcher, Lindsley, McCulloch, Mace, Macy, Mat-
teson, Maurice, Meacham, Middleswarth, Smith Miller,
Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Noble, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Parker, Peck, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Phillips, Pow-
ell, Pringle, Reese, Richardson, David Ritchie, Thomas
Ritchey, Robbing, Russell, Sabm, Sapp, Skelton, Gerrit
Smith, Stratton, Andrew Stuart. John L. Tavlor, Nathaniel
G, Taylor, Thurston,Tracy. Trout,Tweed, Upham, Wade,
Walker, Walley, Walsh, EJhhu B. Washburne, Wells,
Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, Darnel B. Wright, and Zol-
licoffer—102.
So the House refused to excuse the gentleman
from Ohio from voting.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a privileged question. I
move to reconsider the vote by which the House
refused to lay the resolution offered by the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] upon the.
table. I appeal to the gentleman from Illinois to
extend the time for closing debate until Saturday
next, so as to give the opponents of the bill a fair
oppoitunity to be heard.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; and upon that mo-
tion I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. HAMILTON. I rise to a question of
order; that the motion made by the^gentleman
from New York [Mr. Dean] is not in order.
The SPEAKER. For what reason ?
Mr. HAMILTON. Because it accomplishes,
nothing.
Mr. ORR. No legislative end is gained by it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the motion to reconsider is not in order.
The object which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Dean] has in view could be attained quite
as well by voting against the adoption of the res-
olution moved by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr, Richardson,] or by moving again to lay
the resolution upon the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, Is the motion
to reconsider debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr SAGE. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the House refused to excuse the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] from voting, and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table. Upon
that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Saoxe] did not vote with the majority,
and therefore cannot make the motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I voted with
