1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
pass; beyond which you have no constitutional,
no moral, no legal right to pass; and that is, when
you enter the houses of the people of the Terri-
tories, and touch their domestic altars, and their
firesides. There you have no right to go. You
have no constitutional power to go there, and you
are forbidden by the laws of God. This right of
self-government is an inalienable right of the
people, consecrated by the blood of our fathers,
' and hallowed by the affection of their sons. Sir,
you cannot interfere with it, nor can anybody else.
This is the error of the Senator from Indiana:
That because some power is necessary, therefore,
all power may be exercised. And his defense of
this doctrine—that there is no danger of the power
being abused—is contradicted by all human expe-
rience, and in the very face of all the efforts of the
American people, to limit, by constitutions, the
authority granted to their servants. He will find
it difficult to make his constituents believe that
unlimited power may safely be gianted to any one.
Mr. President, I will not detain the Senate any
longer upon this subject. The Senator from In-
diana has evinced very bad temper,! must say.
He said a great deal which, if he does not regret,
his best friends will regret for him. I think my
review of his former speech was a very fair one.
If 1 were to prepare it now, perhaps I should not
use every term I then employed. It may be, that
supposing I was aimed at, as I yet suppose I was,
that feeling may be apparent in some of my ex-
pressions. But be that as it may, everything I
said had relation to the discussion and to the argu-
ments only, nor was there anything in them winch
did not fairly arise out of the circumstances, or
which should give offense to any one.
Mr. SUMNER obtained the floor, and on his
motion the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 20, lb'54.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Fiiday was read.
CORRECTION OF JOURNAL.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I merely wish
to say that the Journal of Friday is not made up
in accordance with the facts as they occurred here.
I got up and demanded a division of the House
upon the question of adjourning till Monday.
The Journal correctly states that when the mo-
tion to adjourn over was taken no quorum was
present. And when it was subsequently taken,
and there having been no ascertainment of the
question whether there was a quorum present, I
arose in my seat, and, addressing the Speaker pro
tempore, [Mr. Wright, of Pennsylvania,] de-
manded a division of the House upon the question,
in order to ascertain whether there was a quorum,
without which the House could not adjourn over.
That fact does not appear upon the Journal.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman state
whether he was recognised by the Chaii-?
Mr. JONES. The yeas and nays were called
for, and refused. Tellers were called for, and re-
fused. I thpn called for a division of the House,
• that we might see whether a sufficient number
was present to adjourn over. The gentleman
from the Lexington district, Kentucky, [Mr.
Breckinridge,] if 1 recollect right, asked^the Chair
what the question was. The Chair stated that I
made a call for a division, and I think the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. 13.] told the Chair to
put the question, and to put it quick. He did so,
and decided that the ayes had it, and that it was
too late to call for a division.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman make a
motion upon the subject ?
Mr. JONES. I do not.
The SPEAKER. The Speaker was not in the
chair at the time of the occurrence alluded to, and
can only be governed by the records of the House
before him.
Mr. JONES. The Journal shows who was in
the chair at the time.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman make a
motion to amend the Journal?
Mr. JONES. No, sir; I only wish to state the
facts.
PRE-EMPTION PRIVILEGES IN CALIFORNIA.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Public
Lands was being called for reports before the
House last adjourned, and the gentleman from
California [Mr. Latham] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. Speaker, the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, to whieh was referred Sen-
ate bill No. 124, entitled "An act for the exten-
sion of the preemption privilege in California,"
have instructed me to report it back to the House,
with an amendment, and a recommendation of its
passage. I wish, Mr. Speaker, to say a word, in
reporting this bill to the House, explanatory of
its character. By the third proviso of the sixth sec-
tion of an act passed March 3, 1853, the preemp-
tion privilege was extended in California to the
unsurveyed lands, and for the period of one year.
The same anomalous condition of the public lands
m that State which authorized the granting of
this privilege still exists. And the bill I now re-
port, which passed the Senate and the Committee
on Public Lands unanimously, meiely aske for the
extension of this right of preemption on the unsur-
veyed lands of California, for the period of two
years from the 3d of March next. It will be some
time yet before the public lands can be surveyed,
and, of course, until the provisions of the preemp-
tion law of 1841 can be made applicable. I will
also state that since the right of preemption was
given on the unsurveyed lands m California, set-
tlements and improvements have been made of a
permanent character, and a population is there
settling whose interests are identified with the
soil, and who constitute the strength and power
of that country.
I ask, sir, in behalf of my State, and in behalf
of her energetic people, and in behalf of her future
agricultural prosperity, that this House will now
act upon this bill. The right of preemption on
the unsurveyed lands ceascs m that State on the
third March next, and unless some provision,
like the one contained in this bill, is made, all that
confusion of claims and title will ensue which
has too often resulted in bloodshed. When the
House recollects that out of the 93,622,400 acres
of land, as is estimated by the Surveyor General
to be in that State, there are 52,000,000 acres of
mineral lands, 19,000,000 acres that cannot be irri-
gated, and of course not cultivated, 2,629,000 acres
of swamp land, leaving b'ut about 20,000,000 of
acres of agricultural lands, between 10,000,000
and 11,000,000 of which are claimed under large
Spanish grants, they can see the strongest reason
why the General Government should use every rea-
sonable means to facilitate permanent settlements
in that country.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, (interrupt-
ing.) I desire to inquire of the gentleman if his bill
proposes the establishment of any new privilege
other than the extension of the right already
granted ?
Mr. LATHAM. It only proposes the exten-
sion of rights already granted. It asks no appro-
, priation of money, and establishes no new prm-
| cipie.
I Mr. WASHBURNE. If the gentleman will
i permit me, I will say I am in favor of the most
! liberal appropriations to California, and that I
have no objection to the passage of the bill at this
time.
Mr. LATHAM, (resuming.) In addition,Mr.
Speaker, I will only add, that so remote is my
State from the General Government, that it takes
months for the people to get information of a law
of this kind being passed by Congress, and the
provisions of the third proviso of the sixth section
of the law of the 3d of March, 1853, is now but
generally known, when it is about to cease: I think
the House will not hesitate to pass at once this
law, which calls for no appropriation, the estab-
lishment of no new principle, and upon the pas-
sage of which depends, in a great degree, the pros-
perity and the development of the true wealth of
my State. I therefore move that the bill be read
a third time, and put upon its passage, and on
that motion I call the previous question.
The bill was then read through, as follows, by
the Clerk.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
fires of the United Stat es of Jlmerica in Congress assembled,
That the piovi«mns of the 4th of September, 184!, granting
preemption nuht- to settlers on the public lands, as modified
and made applicable to thf State of California, by tlie act of
the 3d of March, 1853. shall he furthei modified, ?o far as
claims apply to laud? subject to private entry, by grant-
ing to each settler in said State who is entitled to preemp-
tion under said laws, an extension of ume for tlie com-
mencement of his or her settlement as the period within
which proof of right and payment shall be made for the
lands claimed as aforesaid; and the third proviso in the
sixth section of the aforesaid act of the 3d of March, 1853,
shall be so modified, as to extend said rights to settlements
made prior to and within two years after the passage of this
bill.
The following amendments, reported by the
Committee on Public Lands, were then reported,
as follows: ' N
Strike out from the word " so" in the third line to the
word " and" in the seventeenth line inclusive. Strikeout
from the word u shall" in the twentieth line to the word
" rights" in the twenty-first line, and insert after the word
" modified" in the ninth line the words " by extending the
provisions of," *o as to read:
That the provisions of the 4th of September, 1841, grant-
ing preemption rights to settlers on the public lands, as
modified and made applicable to the State' of California by
the act or the 3d of March, 1S53, shall be further modified,
by extending the provisions of the third proviso in the sixth
section of the aforesaid act of the 3d of March,1853, to set-
tlements made prior to and within two years alter the pas-
sage of this act.
Mr. LATHAM. I demand the previous ques-
tion*
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question being first upon the adoption of
the amendments, it was taken; and, upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 71, noes not counted,
Mr. RICHARDSON demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Richardson and Camp-
bell were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 105, noes 16.
So the amendments were agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and having been engrossed, was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the vote by
which the bill passed be reconsidered, and that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion
agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I want to
know what is the regular order of business? I call
for the regular order, whatever it is.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is precisely what the House is now engaged
in. The call of committees for reports has com-
menced, and further reports are in order from the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WARREN obtained the floor.
Mr. EWING. I rise to a privileged question.
In view of the fact that the time allowed for debate
in Committee of the Whole on the homestead
bill is almost expired, I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I hope not; I hope
the committees will be allowed to make their re-
ports.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Kentucky is not of such a privileged charac-
ter as will permit him to take the floor from the
gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Warren] for that
I purpose.
1 Mr. EWING. I tried to get the floor before it
I was awarded to the gentleman from Arkansas.
' The SPEAKER. But the gentleman from Ken-
' tucky was not recognized by the Chair.
; CHANGE OP THE BOUNTY LAND LAW.
Mr. WARREN. I am instructed bythe Com-
' mittee on Public Lands to report back House bill
' (No. 56) proposing to change the bounty land
; laws, with a recommendation that it do not pass,
j I am also instructed to report adversely upon
' twenty-two petitions from the State of Pennsyl-
vania, asking for a like change in that law, with
, the recommendation that they be laid upon the
, table.
I also ask, in behalf of the committee, that a
I communication from the Secretary of the Interior
upon the same subject may be considered as a part
of their report; showing, as it does, the reasons
; whi«h induced the committee to come to the con-
clusion they have, and that it be also laid upon the
! table, and printed.
' Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to make a motion.
1 The SPEAKER. No motion is in order while
' the gentleman from Arkansas is upon the floor,
and until the business before the House has been
; disposed of.
| Mr. FLORENCE. Is it not in order to mak§
/
