2020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
the constitutional provision, I am free to add the
declaration, that 1 would, at any time while amem-
ber of Congress, vote for additional legislation to
'effect that object. In all this, I subscribe to what
I deem to be the plain provisions of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and pronounce no opin-
ion whatever upon the question of slavery in the
abstract.
But, sir, the proposition that is now before the
Senate, regard it as you will, is plainly a propo-
sition to pension the widow of a man who falls in
the civil service of the country.' It is true that
the case alluded to of the marshal in Georgia, Mr.
Forsyth, is a case in point; but that was as long
rigo as 1794, and has not been acted upon to any
great extent certainly, if to any extent, at all since
that time. This question then, I say, involves the
principle whether Congress will pension the widows
ind children of individuals who fall in the civil ser-
vice of the United States, for I apprehend there is
no Senator who will say that he would confine it
to cases where individuals fell in aiding the fec'ecu-
tion of the fugitive slave law. That would be a
distinction so invidious and so obnoxious to a large
portion of the country, that nobody would think of
proposing a law like that. Therefore, 1 do not re-
gard this question at all in respect to the execution
ofthatlaw, and I am not disposed to give my views
upon it in thatlight. I think that'the report which
was made by the Senator from Jowa, as chairman'
of the Committee on Pensions, respecting the case
tfluch occurred in the navy-yard in this city, was
et case in point against this' proportion. The
committee therefore decided, and the Senate sanc-
tioned the report, that, inasmuch as that man was
not connected with the naval or military service of
the country, his widow was notentitl'ed to a pen-'
stbii, and they refused it.
Now,'sir, if Congress is about to change Ate law|
on this Bttbject, it certainly ought not to he done1
in the morning, and within five days of the heel
of the session, when there is no opportunity to
examine it or discuss it. ' Sir, [have never thought
thatit was a clear proposition originally, that'Con-
gresB possessed thepower, under the Constiiution,
to grantpehsions in military or naval 'cases. There
oertainly is no constitutional authority in express
terms, and it can only be inferred from the fact,
which you must, assume, that Without it there
would be difficulty, in furnishing the naval and
military service of the country with men; because,
unless there is a necessity of that ehhracteir isfer-
abU from the power to raise and support armies
and navies, there is no constitutional power to
grant pensions in those cases. It might be, that(
if a condition of things ha'd arisen in the country'
where a civil faw could' tiot be exec'ufed, there
would be soine analogy.'1 'If tfte President of the
United States should inform Congress, through
the medium of a message, that a law of Congress
could not be executed without holding out some
provision of this kind, the contingency might per-
haps arise which would assimilate it to what is
assumed in the case of the Army and Navy.
But, Mr. President, it will be recollected that
there is this difference: it is the business of Con-
gress to raise and support armies and navies under
the Constitution; it'is "the business of'the Presi-
dent of the United States, under the Constitution,
jo see that the laws are faithfully executed. Con-
gress, therefore, if the power is conferred by,the
Constitution, has the right to infer or!to assume
that the nayal and military service of the country
demands the passage of laws pensioning "the sur-
vivors of those who fall in the service, without'
any indication from the President whatever; be-
cause, I repeat, to raise and support armies is the
duty of Congress under the specific provisions of
the Constitution. It-Fs not the duty of Congress
to execute the laws, and therefore Congress has
no right to assume, without an indication or inti-
mation from the President of the United States,
that a law which it has passed will not be execu-
ted unless there is held out to those whose duty it
is to execute it some provisions of this character.
Hence I infer that there is a plain difference, a
clear distinction, between the powers in these two
cases—as plain a distinction as there is between
the duties of Congress and the duties of the Pres-
ident of the United States. The one is to enact
the laws, the other to execute them.
Now, sir, until the President of the United
States shall, in the mode pointed out by the Con-
stitution, report to Congress that the laws gener-
ally, or a particular law, cannot be executed with-
out some provision of this kind, I cannot consent
to vote for a bill which pensions the widow of an
individual who has fallen in the civil serviee of the
country.
I shall not detain the Senate by any lengthy
discussion; but I have deemed it my duty to say
this much, for two reasons: First, because I shall
find myself obviously compelled to vote against
my distinguished colleague, whose views are dif-
ferent from mine on this question; secondly, to
correct the impression which might possibly be
inferred from my vote, that I was opposed to the
execution of the fugitive slave law. I think I
have done enough, personally, to save myself
from any-imputation of that sort. I conclude by
repeating, that upon any proper occasion, and
upon all proper occasions, while I ahi honored
with a seat in Congress, when it shall be found
necessary, in order to execute this, or any other
law, irt the opinion of the President of the United
States, whose duty it is to execute the laws, to
have further legislation by Congress, 1 shall vote
for any further legislation to execute this, as well'
as all other laws which are sanctioned, in my
judgment, by the plain provisions of the Consti-
tution.
'Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I will not de-
tain the Senate by going into a discussion of the
merits of this claim. I ueg leave only to call the
attention of the Senator from Michigan, who has
just closed his remarks, to another case in point.
He admits the case of Major Forsyth, in 1794, to
be in point. That was one of the first sessions of
Congress under this Government. Then I would
ask him if he did not, this1 session, vote for grant-
ing a pension to the widow and children of Cap-
tain Gunnison. He was under the direction of
the Secretary of War, to be sure, but he was en-
gaged in civil engineering, an enterprise not so
hazardous to life as the execution of this law in
the city of Boston. You have precedents all
through the legislation of the Government down
to the present time.
Mr. STUART. I certainly did vote for that
case, and I find no difficulty in distinguishing it
from this. Congress passed a law by which Cer-
tain explorations 'were to be made Under the direct
tion of the War Department, and Captain Gunni-
son, who fell in that service, was an officer in the
Army, and if he had hesitated to obey the order
of the War Department, he would have been cash-
iered, and expelled from the service, as he would
have been if he had disobeyed an order white in
the actual military service of the country. Sir, I
see a distinction between the present case, and one
where Congress sees fit to pass laws calling upon
the War Department to do certain acts, and the
War Department, m virtueofthe power conferred
upon it, puts its officers in the service, and sends
them not upon the borders among the Indians,
where there is as much, and more hazard—I repeat
with emphasis to the Senator, where there is more
hazard in a small party of this character, than
there would be if there was an armyuf one thou-
sand men fighting the same Indians under a dec-
laration of war. If a man is killed under those
circumstances, I will vote as cheerfully to grant a
pension to his widow, as I would if he had fallen
under the walls of Mexico. There is a plain and
palpable difference between that case and the case
of the man who is executing civil process.
Mr. ADAMS. The Senator has shown very'
good reasons why he voted as I supposed he had
voted; and 1 do not object to that; but he has'
failed to show a distinction between Congress
passing a law and requiring the Secretary of War
to execute it, and passing a law and requiring the
President, who is the commander-in-chief of the
Army and Navy, to execute. The Constitution
requires of him to see that that law be faithfully
executed. We passed a law in conformity to the
requirements of the Constitution. The execution
,! of that law, owing to a ]*culi>ir state of circum-
J stances where it was to be executed, I repeat,
,1 was as hazardous to life (and experience has
; shown it in this case) as was the enterprise in
which the gentleman was engaged, for whose
" widow the Senator voted to grant a pension. 1
; see no distinction in the two cases. By our legis-
; lation we declare to our citizens that if they will
' go and fight our battles, we will pay them a cer-
| tain sum of money as a regular compensation for
'i their services, if they should live and return to
their families, but that, if they should lose their
lives in the service of their country, their families
should be cared for and provided for by the Gov-
ernment by pensions. I understand your policy
to be, further, that whenever you require public
service of a character hazardous to life, it is the
province of Congress, it is the duty of Congress,
as a matter of policy as well as of justice, if ail
individual, in attempting faithfully to execute that
law, loses his life, to provide for hia family.
Whether he loses his life in such a case, in the
civil or military service, can make no possible
difference. The only distinction which can be
drawn, is that, if a man is engaged in civil service,
when the ordinary discharge of that duty is" not
more hazardous than other civil occupations, if he
loses his life, the Government will not provide for
his family; but if that service be extra hazardous
to life, Congress, as a matter of policy and justice,
has heretofore provided, and should continue to
provide, for such a case.
The present case is familiar to every one. The
execution of this law, every one knows, was, un-
der the circumstances, a hazardous task. Almost
any man in' that community, if he had the choice
left to him to have gone into the Mexican war and
meet the enemy, with the sympathies of the whole
country on his side, would prefer meeting the
enemy under such circumstances, rather than to
execute the fugitive slave faw in the city of Bos-
ton. I say nothing against the city of Boston or
its citizens. I give them great credit' for" execut-
ing the law as they did, under the state of public
feeling which I know existed there at that time.
But there was hazard of life in executing the law.
The widow of James C. Batcheldcr has lost her
husband; she has lost her protector; she has lost
him on whom she had been in the habit of leaning
for support and protection; she lost him while he
was engaged in executing a law which this Con-
gress required him to execute. The only consola-
tion she has no w is, that hedied at his post in defense
of the Constitution and the laws of his country.
I was going to say, that if there was a man on
this floor, or elsewhere, unwilling to vote for this
proposition, I desired to see him; but I do not.
But t want the country to know the fact.
You cannot pay for the shedding of innocent
blood; Yo.U can'noti atope for the first pane of
anguish and grief, When this Iftdy was expecting
her huMiaijd to returri from his daily labor, and
she wasinformed he was dead; You cannot make
her compensation. But the amount proposed is
reasonable. Thatcannotbe denied;, but the only
aigument offered by the Senator from New York
against my proposition is, that the bill to which
this is an amendment is a most meritorious one,
that Congress has neglected for many years to
perform its duty in that'Case. If Congress has
neglected to perform its'duty in reference to an-
other, is that any argument that it. should fail now
to do its duty in this case >
I, faill not| however, be betrayed into a discus-
sion of the merits of this question. 1 have desired
from the commencement only to get a'votfe on it.
I take itforgranted the whole country, North and
South, will approve of the proposition. I hap-
pened to be at Boston on the next day after the'
delivery of the fugitive slave about whom the ex-
citement was raised. I heard the subject spoken
of very freely amongst the people there. I had
the honor of offering the original resolution di-
recting the committee to make an inquiry into the
expediency of granting a pension in this case, and
1 heard it spoken of; but I heard no man whether
opposed to the fugitive slave law or not, inti-
mate an opinion that Congress ought not to pro-
vide for the widow. Congress required him to
execute the law, and I take it for granted ihere is
no man North or South who will not approve such
a just proposition as this.
I desire to say, before I conclude my remarks,
that I am not urging the passage of this amend-
ment particularly on account of the necessities of
this poor lady, who has to labor for her living,
and who was dependent upon the daily labor of
her husband while he was alive. The South
would provide for her wants if they were fifty
times as great as they are; but public charity is
fickle and uncertain; and we might provide in this
instance, and in others we might not. For the
very cogent reasons offered by the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] I think it is the
duty of Congress at once and promptly, to the
