116-2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
the majority, and I make the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. SAGE. Upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was; then taken; and there were—
yeas 109, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Abmcrombie, James C. Allen, A*he,
Thomas H li.ivly, Banks, B.trksiale, Belcher, Bell, Ben-
ton, Bocock. Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Buirtr, Oa^Ioe,
Chan>berlam, Chun hwe.U, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Cranje,
* Cumminjf, John G Davit*, Dawson, Dean, Disney, jDovv-
tfell, Dunbar, Eddy, Edmund-o;t, English, Etherid^e, Flor-
rwiee, Goode, Goodrich, Oreen, Greenwood, Hamilton,
Wiley U Harris, Harrison, Haven, Mendneks, Henn. Ilib
bard, Hiliyer, Houston, Ihmt, Iiigerf.nll, Johnson, George
W. Jone?, Roland Jonc--, Rent, Kidwell, Ktniz, Lane,
Latham, Letcher, Lilly, Lmdley, Macdonald, McDonald,
McNatr, Maxwell, lYfenoluni. John G. Miller. Smith Mil-
ler. Millson, Old*-, Moiderru Oliver. Orr, P.ickei, Paiktr,
feck. John Perkins, I'help-., Phillip-*, Powell. Pmtr, I'res.-
ron, Puryar. Read v. Rco-m', Rich.mlsoii, Riddle, Thomas
Ritcliev, ltoblnn<', Ro^rs, ttnffin, Reward, stiaw, Shower,
Sihiilotun, GSeirir Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William R.
Smith, fieofgu \V. Sir^th, Alexander H. cHepijeii-, An-
drew Stuart, Davui Stuart, John J.Taylor, Tweed, Vail,
Vdiusant, W«ithndi e, Jnhn WenUvnrth, Wiite, Daniel B.
Wrifihi, Hendriek B- Wrijrht, and ZolheofFer—IHQ
NAYS.—Mes^is. David J Bailey. Ball, Barry, Bennett,
Beni-on, Campbell, Carpenter, Chn-in.m, Chnjmiiiu, Crock
er, Cullom, 'I'lionm* Davis, l)c Witt, Di« k, Dukin^on,
Edfrerton, Rdmands, Thomas D Eliot. El'ifon, Hverhart,
Farley, Fenton, Franklin, Gamble, Guiding, Grow, Howe,
Paniel '1'. Jones, Kerr, Kmre<j£e, Knox, Lmd-ley, Mt,Cul-
loch. Matte-on, Maurice, May.ill, MuMleswarth, Moitr.ui,
Morrison, Munay, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Pennineroij,
Prnigle, David Ritchie, Russell, Sa^in, Fase, Snpp, Sun
tn^ns, Str^tton, John h. Taylor, Nathaniel (i. Taylor,
Thmston, Tracy, Trout, (Jpham, Wade, Walle.y, Elhhu
B. Wa-hlmrne, Tappan Wentworth, and Wheeler—G2.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Mr. KERR. I desire to make a suggestion,
which 1 think will prove satisfactory to the House,
if they wiil allow me to make it.
[Cries of " Hear him !" u Hear him!"]
My suggestion is this: I am not disposed my-
self to cuitail the debate, as everybody knows, i
am disposed to see the rules of the House fairly
executed, and the pub lie business transacted. I
propose that debate ehall be extended through the
present week, with the understanding that it shall
be likewise extended .so as to clo.se during the next
week. I ask the general consent of the [-Jonse
that this arrangement be made, and that the con-
sideration of the Pacific railroad bill be postponed
one week, i think that a fair proposition. I ap-
peal to gentlemen by their love of order, and their
regard for the infei esrs of the count i y, to acquiesce
in thin proposition to extend the tune of discus-
sion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will mate to gen-
tlemen that on n^xt Tuesday, and from day to
day, until disposed of, the Pacific raiboad bill js
to be consideied as a .special order. Thai special
order cannot be postponed except by unanimous
consent; but il unanimous consent is given, it can
be postponed to a particular day, when it will be
the special order at thai particular day.
Mr. ETDIERIDGE. Will the House permit
me to make a suggestion and statement to the
House5 Um one of those who would lestst, in
any reasonable manner, all efforts to stifle debate
upon the question which has been discussed for
the last week or ten days. I desire that all gen-
tlemen should have a hearing upon this subject
who are disposed to speuk. My proposition is
this—and 1 think all will see its fairness and its
practicability—to go on wnh the debate, and then,
when all the gentlemen have been heard who
desire to speak, those who propose to close the
debate will certainly have good reason foi* doing
so.
And if the proposition that has been made to
close debate on this question to-day or to-monow,
be carried, there will be then many members who
dpstred to speak, but who could not be heard.
JNow, it appears to me, that if we were allowed
to go «ri with the discussion of this bill, we
might close in four or five days. Let us, there-
fore, go on with debate in a proper spirit, and
then when members who desired, have mode their
speeches, debate may be closed.
The SPEAKER The Chair presumes that
the gentleman fioin Tennessee did not understand
the statement of the Chair; and if he will indulge
him, the Chair will repeat his explanation. When
Tuesday comes, the special oider, to take up the
Pacific railroad bill, will supersede all other busi-
ness; and the proposition submitted by the gentle-
man from North Corolina, [Mr. Kerr,] is to
postpone the consideration of that measure for one
week.
Several gentlemen addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Tne gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Etheridge] still has the floor.
Mr. ETHERIDUE. it seems to be conceded
by the friends of the bill, as well as by its ene-
mies, that a fair discussion is a'l that is required.
Now, there are many gentlemen, no doubt, who
feel a personal solicitude upon this measure, and
who desire to be heard, if that is the case, it is
very hard to have debate closed within one, or
two, or three days. Suppose we should go on
and consume another week, and then debate
should not be concluded on this bill, we might
see that it could be closed in one or two days
more. Suppose that, when we adjourn on Sat-
urday evening, there should be halt a dozen gen-
tlemen desiring to speak, and who have not been
heard, then, when we meet on Monday, we
might well postpone the special order for a day or
two; and if, on Tuesday morning, one or two gen-
tlemen more desire to be heard, we might, by
unanimous consent, postpone 'hat special orderfor
another day. And when every gentleman has
thus had a fair opportunity of making known his
senmnents on the subject of the Nebraska biil, a
proposuion to shut down debate will come with
good grace from any quarter, &nd will not be re-
sisted. ifgentlemen insist on the pronosition to
close debate to-morrow, or Saturday,] shall vote
against it, for the reason that I do not know
whether myself or my friends, who deane to speuk
on the bill, may have an opportunity in that short
interval to do so.
Mr. WRIGHT. Will the gentleman from Ten-
nessee permit me to interrupt him ?
Mr. ETHER1DGE. Yes.
Mr. WRIGHT. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee make a proposition to dispose of the
special order of Tuesday next by postponing it
to a specified day?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I do not feel
authorized to make any particular pioposition of
the kind.
Mr. WRIGHT. If you are desirous that de-
bate shall continue, make the proposition to post-
pone the special order to a certain day, and the
friends of the bill will vote in favor of that prop-
osition.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I think, Mr. Speaker,
that my proposition addresses itself to the under-
standing of every gentleman here I am willing,
as far as I am concerned, that debate shall be closed
m a reasonable tune next week. I am not author-
ized to make any proposition as tolhe postpone-
ment of the special order; but I am simply desir-
ous that debate shall be closed after every gentle-
man who now desires to speak on the bill shall
have been heard, and not before.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. Speaker, I was de-
termined to urge the consideration of the Pacific
railroad bill when it should come up for consid-
eration under the special order. And I still am
determined to uige its consideration, unless under
these circumstances. I am not disposed to stifle
proper debate on this Nebraska question; and if
the House unanimously decire the postponement
of the special order on the Pacific railroad bill, and
make that bill the special order for Tuesday week,
or any specific duy—if this be the unanimous
desire of the House, for the purpose of discussing
fully this question, 1 will consent to it.
Several Members. That is fair; let us do that.
Mr. SAGE. I object.
Mr. WHEELER. I appeal to the gentleman
from New York to withdraw his objection.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 barely wish
to say a word inreply to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Etheiuogf. ] I would willingly
unite in the proposition of the gentleman from
California [Mr. McDougall] to postpone the
special order for one week, in order that this Ne-
braska bill might then,after the fullest discussion,
be voted upon, if that was what those gentlemen
acting with the gentleman from Tennessee leally
wanted; but I am certain that that is not what
they want. We have been willing from the be-
ginning to discuss this Kansas and Nebraska bill
thoroughly and fully. It has been thoroughly
discussed already. No question before this body
; since the foundation of this Government has been
| move thoroughly discussed than the leading ques-
• tiona involved in this bill. I think I may venture
| rhe assertion that more speeches have been made
I upon the bill than upon any one measure since I
j have been in Congress. We have been willing,
J and are still willing, that more may be made.
; We are wiliing to set and hear gentleman as long
as we can under the special order. We have been
willing to sit here all night. Infirm in health as I
have been, I have been'willing to sit here. 1 was
. here last night, and trie night before, to do so. But
I ask the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Em-
I EUIDCB,] who broke up the debate night before last ?
| Who moved that the committee rise last night?
; From which side did objection to going on with
; debate come ' It came from those acting with
the gentleman who is now asking further time
i to speak. There has been liberality m this ens-e,
| great liberality, unusual liberality, aheady. It is
exceedingly liberal in the gentleman from Cahfor-
nia [Mr. McDougall] to consent to postpone the
spccml order—the Pacific railroad bill. This, I
| say, is exceedingly liberal on Ins part. We are
j i willing to acccdc to it. But the fi iends of the gen-
i tleman from Tennessee will not. Nothing will
, snt'sfy them, ( apprehend Why do they not
1 accede to it, if debate waswhatthey wanted '<■ We,
. the friends of the bill—a majority of the House—
will sit here all night, and to-morrow night, and
the next night, and all next week, if thatwtll sat-
ij isfy them ! If you want free and liberal debate,
j say so, and accede to terms that will allow it, and
then allow a vote to be taken. But if factious
opposition in wh«t yon are after; if you wish to
■, (fur ft) I the national will, const Hut mnall y expressed,
i lei us know it, find we will meet you as factious
,j opposition in thn; Hon^e always bus been met.
i. The fi lends of f lie bill muW sit the question out, if
,i it takes to-night, to-moriow, the next day, and
i j even the next.
i Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island, was here recog-
j nized by the Chair.
| Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
jt Older.
|( The SPEAKER. Under the rules of the T-Tou^e
I this discussion us out of oider. It is suffeied only
j, by unanimous consent.
; Mr. RICHARDSON Then I will make the
point of' order whieh 1 desired to make upon one
j of my own friends, and not upon the gentleman
!■ from Rhode Island, [Mr. Dams ]
i Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island. In reference to
:! this question now under consideration, the gentle-
1' man from Geoigia says it has been discussed more
p than any other which has ever been presented to
■j this House since the foundation of the Govern-
l! ment. Pie should bear in mind, and the House
ij should bear in mind, that a deeper mteiest is felt
jj m it, than has ever been felt in any other; and it
is a more important question, too, than any which
has been before this House, in the estimation of a
large portion of the members of this House. And,
sir, I am in favor, and I believe the country is
in favor, of giving to every gentleman upon this
floor, who desires it, a chance to be heard, and
in favor of giving a sufficient time for that pur-
pose, without involving us in night sessions until
eleven or twelve o'clock. I do not think it
is light to deny us that privilege; and I do not
recognize the right of any man upon this floor to
curtail me in the enjoyment of that right. 1 think
an attempt to do so is an infringement of piiv-
! liege of every gentleman in this House. If it h*s
j taken a iong time to discuss this question fairly,
;1 I will say it was not brought before this House
| by those who want to discuss it. It has been
II thrown upon the House, and forced upon them,
[j and I, for one, should be glad to get it out of the
ij way at onv time. But the country expects that
■i this question will be discussed, and fully discussed;
and they further insist upon all the forms of bus-
iness of this House being observed, if liberty is
■ to be sacrificed. They want it to be guarded to
the last, and, when the last struggle comes, they
want us to use all the powers and rights which
; we have to defeat it. They are determined to
lj defeat the passage of this bill, and they aredeterm-
j! med to do it, because it is light to do so.
; Mr. INGER.SOLL. I would mquae of the
'[ Chair what the question is?
ji Mi. ORR. 1 rise to a question of order. Both
ij sides have been heard, and further discussion is
:'| out of order.
