2022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
Mr. NORRIS. But I rise to a question of order.
I submit that that m not the question. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has given notice that he
would ask leave to introduce a bill. He now asks
that leave. If there be objection, the question
must be decided by the Senate whether he shall
have leave or riot. Objection is made, and the bill
cannot be read.
• Mr. SUMNER. Very well; the first question,
then, is on granting leave, and the title of the bill
will be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (to the Secre-
tary.) Read the title.
- The Secretary read it as follows: " A bill to re-
peal the act of Congress approved September 18,
1850, for the surrender of fugitives from service or
labor.'"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on granting leave to introduce the bill.
Mr.'SCMN ER. And I have the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not occupy much time;
nor shall I debate the bill. Some time ago, Mr.
President, after the presentation of the memorial
from Boston, signed by twenty-nine hundred citi-
zens without distinction of party, I gave notice
that I Should, at some day thereafter, ask leave to
introduce a bill- for the repeal of the fugitive slave
act. Desirous, however, not to proceed in that
matter prematurely, I awaited the action of the
Committee on the Judiciary, to which the memo-
rial, and others of a similar character, were re-
ferred. At length an adverse report was made,
and accepted by the Senate. From the time of
that report down to this moment, I have sought an
.opportunity to introduce this bill. Now, at last,
1 have it. At a former session, sir, in introducing
a similar proposition, I considered it at length, in
an argument which I fearlessly assert 
Mr. GWIN. I rise to a point of order. Has
the Senator a right to debate the question, or say
anything on it until leave be granted ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. My impres-
sion is that the question ia not debatable.
Mr, SUMNER. I propose simply to explain
my bill; to make a statement, notan argument.
Mr. GWIN. I make the point of order.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. I am not aware
precisely of what the rule of order on the subject
is; but I have the impression that the Senate can-
not debate 
Mr. SUMNER. The distinction is this—■—
Mr. GWIN. I insist upon the application of
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, there is one rule
of order that is undoubted: that when the Chair
is stating a question of order, he must not be in-
terrupted by a Senator. There is no question
about that rule of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
did not inteirunt the Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. The Chair does me justice in
response to the injustice of the Senator from Vir-
ginia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Order, order !
Mr. MASON. The Senator is doing that very
thing at this moment. I am endeavoring to sus-
tain the authority of the Chair, which certainly
has been violated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the opin-
ion of the Chair that the debate is out of order. I
am not precisely informed of what the rule is; but
such is my clear impression.
Mr. WALKER. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will allow me, I will say a word here.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. WALKER. It is usual, upon notice being
given of intention, to ask leave to introduce a bi 1.
The hill is sent to the Chair, and it is taken as a
matter of course that the Senator asking it has
leave. But in this instance, differing from the
usual practice, objection has been made to leave
being granted. The necessity is imposed, then,
of taking the sense of the Senate on granting leave
to the Senator to introduce his bill. That, then,
becomes thequestion. Thequestion fortheChair
to put is, Shall the Senator have leave?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was the
question proposed.
Mr. WALKER. Now, sir, it does seem tome
that it is proper, and that it is in order, for the
Senator to address himself to the Senate, with the
view of showing the propriety of granting the
leave asked for. He has a right to show that there
would be propriety on the part of the Senate in
granting the leave. I think,- therefore, as this
may become a precedent in future in regard to
other matters, that it should be settled with some
degree of deliberation.
Mr. GWIN. Let the Chair decide the ques-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
decided that debate was not in order, in his opin-
ion.
Mr. SUMNER. From that decision of the
Chair I most respectfully take an appeal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. From that
ruling of the Chair an appeal is taken by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. The question is on the
appeal.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In order to put a stop to
the whole debate, I move to lay the appeal on the
table. That is a motion which is not debatable.
Mr. SUMNER. Is that motion in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly it is
in order.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to make one remark
in regard to the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order now. The question must be taken without
debate.
Mr SUMNER. Allow me to state the case
as it seems to me. I was on the floor, and yielded
it to the Senator from Wisconsin strictly for the
purpose of an explanation. When he finished I
was in possession of the floor; and then it was
that the Senator from Louisiana, on my right —
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts give leave to the Chair
to explain?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A point of
order was made by the Senator from California,
[Mr. Gwin,] that debate was not in order upon
the question of granting leave; and the Chair so
decided. The Senator from Massachusetts then
lost the floor, as I apprehend, and he certainly
did by following it up by an appeal. After that
he could go no further. He lost the floor then
again for a second time, and then it was that the
Senator from Louisiana intervened with another
motion, which is certainly in order, to lay the ap-
peal on the table. That is not debatable. This,
it seems to me, is the state of the case.
Mr. CHASE. Will the Chair allow me to
make a single statement?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. CHASE. The Senator from Massachu-
setts rose and held the floor during the suggestion
made to the Chair by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin. The Chair then, after the Senator from Wis-
consin had finished his suggestion, declared his
opinion to be, notwithstanding the suggestion,
that debate was not in order. The Senator from
Massachusetts then took an appeal, and retained
the floor for the purpose of addressing the Senate
on that appeal. While he occupied the floor, the
Senator from Louisiana rose and moved to lay
the appeal upon the table. That will be borne
out by the gentlemen present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is so;
but the Chair does not understand thatdebate was
in order on the appeal. The appeal was to be
decided without debate, and therefore the Senator
from Massachusetts necessarily lost the floor after
he took the appeal.
Mr. BEL.L. I would inquire whether there is
not a bill already pending for the repeal of the
fugitive slave law ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I have not in-
quired of the Secretary; but it is my belief there
is a similar bill pending; but it was not on that
ground the Chair made this ruling.
Mr. BELL. I would inquire whether there is
not such a bill pending? Did not the honorable
Senator from Ohio some time ago bring in such a
bill'
Mr. WELLER, I think he did.
Mr. CHASE. No, sir.
Mr. BELL, Then I am mistaken,
Mr. CHASE, My bill is not on that subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Louisiana,
to lay on the table the appeal taken by the Senator
from Massachusetts from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. CHASE. I ask if the motion of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana is in order when the Senator
from Massachusetts retained the floor for the pur-
pose of debating the appeal?
Mr.BENJAMIN. The Senator is not in order
in renewing that question, which has already been
decided by the Cnair.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. If the Chair
acted under an erroneous impression in supposing
that debate on the appeal was not in order, when
it actually is, it was the fault of the Chair, and it
would not have been in order for the Senator from
Louisiana to make the motion which he did make,
while the Senator from Massachusetts was on the
floor. But the Chair recognized the Senator from
Louisiana, supposing that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts had yielded the floor. The Senator
had taken an appeal; he followed it up by no ad-
dress to the Chair, indicating an intention that he
intended to debate the appeal, or the Chair cer-
tainly should so far have recognized him. But
the Chair would reconsider his ruling in that re-
spect, with the consent of the Senator from Lou-
isiana,
Mr. BRIGHT. The Chair will permit me .to
suggest that I think the motion proper to be enter-
tained now is the one proposed by the Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Norris.) The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts presented his bill; the
Senator from New Hampshire raised thequestion
as to whether the Senate would grant leave to in-
troduce it; and I think the proper question to be
put now is, will the Senate grant leave to intro-
duce a bill repealing the fugitive slave law ? The
effect of the motion of the Senator from Louisiana
would be to lay the subject on the table, from
which it might be taken at any time for action.
For one, I desire to give a decisive vote now, de-
claring that I am unwilling to legislate upon the
subject, that I am satisfied with the law as it reads,
and that I will not aid the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, or any Senator, in 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana is certainly not in order.
Mr. BRIGHT. I certainly am in order in
calling the attention of the Chair to the fact that
the Senator from New Hampshire 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana is not in order.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then I will sit down and ask
the Chair to state wherein I am out of order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In discussing
a question which is not before the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. I claim that the motion is be-
fore the Senate. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire raised the question immediately that——
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decides otherwise.
Mr.BRIGHT. Then I appeal from the decision
of the Chair, and I state this as my point of order:
that before the bill was presented in legal parlance,
the Senator from New Hampshire raised the ques-
tion as to whether the Senate would grant leave,
and that is the point now before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state the question which he supposes to be pend-
ing. The Senator from California made a point
of order that debate on the bill proposed to be in-
troduced by the Senator from Massachusetts, was
not in order. The Chair so ruled. From that
ruling the Senator from Massachusetts took an
appeal. The Chair supposed that the Senator
from Massachusetts had yielded the floor, and he
gave the floor to the Senator from Louisiana, who
moved to lay that appeal on the table. That is
the question which is now pending. The Chair
befoie suggested that if the Senator from Massa-
chusetts had not yielded the floor, he had made a
mistake in giving the floor to the Senator from
Louisiana, but he did not suppose that the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, after taking the appeal,
without some indication of hisintention to debate
it, could continue to hold the floor, and he there-
fore recognized the Senator from Louisiana. The
Chair is sorry if he did the Senator from Massa-
chusetts injustice in that respect., but he did not
hear him, and recognized the Senator from Louisi-
ana.
Mr. BRIGHT. I would respectfully ask the
Chair what has become of the motion submitted
by the Senator from New Hampshire?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The Chair did
not understand him to submit a motion, but the
Senator from California took his point of order,
Mr. BRIGHT. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
