1164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
to take place? We shall then be brought to act
within some eight days upon this great question.
After we have terminated the general debate—if it
shall be terminated—then we shall be m com-
mittee under the five-minute rale, and sometimes
questions of not half, of not a tithe the importance
of this one, are debated for a whole week under
the five-mmute rule, and this bill ought to be so
discussed, for the most valuable debate will un-
doubtedly be then. The amendments will then
come up—the House bill, the Senate bill, the bill
offered as a substitute by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Richardson,] and the bill of last ses-
sion; then, the Utah and New Mexico bills are
also talked of as amendments to this one; and
there are various other amendments that Will be
offered, and ought to be offered, and that ought to
be discussed. But just so sure as you tell us that
we are to constrain ourselves within the limited
time between now and a week from Tuesday next,
every one here knows—he is sure in his own
mind—that we cannot have that discussion which
is de&uahle—that we ought to have.
Sir, if gentlemen insist upon having action upon
this bill—although I do not consider it as import-
ant that there should be such action as they do—
let them put it off until the Pacific railroad special
order, and the other special orders, have been
disposed of. Is it not of as much consequence
and importance to the country that all those im-
portant acts of special legislation, such as the
French spoliation bill, the Pacific railroad bill, and
of public interest, as the deficiency bill—the pas-
sage of which is a matter of imminent and urgent
necessity—and some of the general appropriation
bills, should now be actcd on, as that this ques-
tion, which gentlemen themselves contend is, after
all, but the establishment of an abstract principle,
should be decided to-day or to-morrow? As we
have lived under this great wrong, if such it be—
this abstract wrong—for thirty-four years 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The Chair
must remind the gentleman from Maine that he is
wandeung far beyond the boundaries prescribed
by the leave of the House.
Mr. WASHBURN. It seems to me that I am
stating reasons 
Mr. CRAIGE. I rise to a question of order.
I understood that the gentleman from Maine {Mr.
Washburn] whs permitted, by the unanimous
consent of the House, to make a suggestion. 1
did not understand that he had a right to make a
speech
The SPEAKER. The Chair had arrested the
gentleman from Maine in the course of his re-
marks before the gentleman from North Carolina
rose to his point of order.
Mr. WASHBURN. My suggestion is 
The 8PEA K.ER. The Chair respectfully sug-
gests to the gentleman from Maine that beyond
very brief remarks explanatory of the proposition
before the body, this debate is not stiictly in
order.
Mr. WASHBURN. I respectfully submit to
the ("hair that I made this suggestion, if gentle-
men desired to have this question discussed as it
should be discussed, that it must be put over be-
yond the tune in which the special orders are to
come up. I was etating the reasons why that
suggestion was a wise and prudent one, and,
among other reasons, I urged that there was not
sufficient time to consider and dihcnss this .subject
before the special ordeis came up 
TheSPEAKER. The Chair will say, in reply
to the gentleman from Maine, that he must be
well aware that the proposition to put the special
order over one week has been absolutely refused
bythe House. Thegentleman mustalsobeaware
that his proposition was met by half a dozen
voices objecting to putting over the consideration
of this subject until the Pacific railroad hill was
disposed of. The Chair must decide, therefore,
that there is no legitimate object for the course of
remarks in which the gentleman hss indulged.
Mr. WASHBURN. Will the Chair allow me
to say, I did not understand that there was any
objection to the suggestion I made.
The SPEAKER. Objection was made by
twenty gentlemen, if the Chair could determine
fiom the number of voices.
Mr. WASHBURN. I did nut hear the objec-
tions, arising probably from the fact that I was
speaking.
The SPEAKER. The Chair reminded the
gentleman from Maine of the fact that objection
was made to his proposition to postponing the con-
sideration of this lull beyond the time agreed upon
for the consideration of the special orders.
Mr. WASHBURN. Very well; I will not
trespass further upon the time of the House.
Mr. GOODRICH. Will the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Washburn] allow me to say one
word? ['
[Cries of " I object!" "I object!"] j!
Mr. CR-AIGE. 1 rise to another question of j;
order. The gentleman from Maine [Mr. W ash- j;
burn] has been decided to be out of order, and I ji
understand by the lules that when a gentleman is M
declared out of order, that he cannot proceed in |j
order unless by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would say, in
reply to the gentleman from North Carolina, that j
the gentleman from Maine cannot proceed, if ob- j1
jection be made, except by a vote of the House, j
Mr. CRA1GE I object to the gentleman from i
Maine proceeding further with his remarks. !
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the j
House that the gentleman from Maine proceed in j
order? J
Mr. SAGE. Upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays. }
The yeas and nays were ordered. !
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is the question i
whether the gentleman from Maine shall proceed |
with his remarks?
The SPEAKER. It is whether the privilege to j
do so shall be given by a unanimous vote of the j.
House.
Mr. JONES. There is no question. I do not j
see how the gentleman from Maine can proceed j
in order, aa he has been called to oider fur pro-
ceeding out of order.
The SPEAKER. If there was an appeal from
the decision of the Chair, the question would be
upon sustaining the decision of the Chair in ruling
the gentleman from Maine out of order in the
course of remarks in which he has indulged. The
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Craige] goes
beyond that, and objects to his proceeding at ail.
The Chair decides, that if the House authorize
thegentleman from Maine to procecd and make
suggestions in connection with the course of pro-
ceedings on this bill, it will be in order for him to
do so.
Mr. CRA fGE. Mr. Speaker, I make the point
of order, that after the Chair decided that the gen-
tleman from Maine was out of order in his re-
marks, he cannot then proceed in order, unless by
the unanimous consent of the House.
The {SPEAKER. He cannot proceed in order
unless he is peirnitted to do so by a vote of the
House. He doesnot require unanimousconsent.
Mr. CRAIGE. I object to his proceeding.
Mr. SEWAIiD. I hope the objection will be
withdra wn,
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
thegentleman from Maine could not proceed unless
in the way of making suggestions in reference to
the course of proceedings of the body on this bill;
and the Chair called the gentleman to order for not
confining his renmiks to that purpose. He may
proceed m order.
Mr. DRUM. 1 call for the reading of the
35th rule of the House.
The rule was read, as follows:
" If any meir>b«r, in speakSig, or otherwise, trana-
RWfcf* the ruins of the House, the Speaker shall, or any
member may, call to order. in which ca&e the member so
railed to order «ha!J immediately sit down, unlCfS per-
mitted to exphun ; and the Hon^o shall, it appealed to, de
cide on the ca^e, but without debate ; if there be no appeal,
the derision ot the Chair t-iuilt be submitted to. If the de-
cision bo ni favoi of iho member calb'd to order, he shall
be at liberty to proceed ; if olherwi-e, he shall not be per
united to proceed, in ea^eany member object, without leave
of the IIous«; and, if the case require it, he shall be liable
to the censure of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from Maine may make a suggestion in
reference to the proceedings of this body on the
subject of the bill under consideration 
Mr. CRAIGE, (interrupting.) Then the rule
goes on to say, that a member, if called to order,
shall not proceed in order unless by consent of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from JNorth
Carolina has not looked with care into the rule;
for the rule declares that if the Chair decides that
the member is in order, and if no appeal be taken
from the decision of the Chair, the member may
proceed without the vote of the House, in order.
That is the rule, as it has been read just now.
Mr. CR-AIGE. I was under the impression
that the Chair decided that the gentleman from
Maine was out of order.
The SPE4KER. The Chair did so decide;
and the gentleman from Maine submitted to the
decision of the Chair, and proposes now to pro-
ceed in order. The Chair decides he has aright
to do that.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Under the
suggestion of the Chair, declaring that I was not
in order in the remarks which i was proceeding
to make, and with the full knowledge of the fact
that the members of this House would not hare
accorded me the consent which they did to make
a suggestion if they had supposed I would speak
on the question generally, or in such manner as
the Chair should declare out of order, I submitted
to the decision of the Chair. But I had supposed
I was in order, or, at all events, I was endeavor-
ing to be in order. I shall not now trespass any
further on the House than to say 
Mr. GOODRICH, (interrupting.) Will the
gentleman from Maine permit me a word of ex-
planation ?
Several Members objected.
Mr. WASHBURN, (resuming.) I will not
trespass on the House any further than to say that
if gentlemen are not willing to give us this fui! and'
ample time for discussion—such as we ought to
have—by extending the debate to the hour and
day indicated in my suggestion, then I must feel
obliged to object to any other proposition to close
debate sooner.
Mr. ENGLISH. Mr. Speaker, I intend to
make a general objection to all proceedings out of
order, and to insist upon the question before the
House.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Indi-
ana has a right to do that-, and the Chair will
sustain him in taking objection as well as he can.
Mr. GOODRICH. 1 simply wish to ask a
question, and to make a suggestion in teference to
this matter; and I hope I will be allowed to do so.
The SPEAKER, Only by the unanimous
consent of the House.
Several Members objected.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion that there be a call of the House, and
upon that motion the yeas and nays have been
demanded.
Mr. SAGE. I ask to be excused from voting
upon that motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the gentle-
man be excused; and upon that motion 1 demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and there were—•
yeas 50, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. David J. "Bailey, Thomas II. Bayly, Hall,
Breckinndge, Betters, Clark, Cobb, Colquitt, Cior-ker,
John G. Davis, F.ddy, English, Florence, Green, Green-
wood, Hamilton, Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Ilillyer, Hous-
ton, George \V. Jone«, Kettt, Ividwell, Kurtz, Lane, Lilly,
MeUougall. McNair. May, lohn G. Miller, Moidecai < >hver,
Orr, John Perkms, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Pratt. Preston,
Puryear, Ready, Riddle, Kuffin, Seward, Seymour, Shaw,
Shower. Samuel A. Snath, William Smith, William R.
Smith* Geoige W Smyth, Straub, David Stuart, .lohn J.
Taylor, Tweed, Walbndpe, John VVentwoith, Hemiriek B.
Wiighf, and Zoilicotler—59.
NAYS—Messrs. Abcrcrombie, .Tames C. Allen, Willia
Allen, Ashe, Banks, Bark=d;iie, Bany, Belcher, Bennett,
I Benson, Bocock, Boyce, Brooks, Cugg, Campbell, Carpen-
| ter, CHt-kie, Chamberlain, Chandler, ChriMiian, Church-
1 well, Chnguian, Craige, Gumming, Cutting, Thomas Davis,
, Dawson, Dean, Do Witt. Dick, Diokin-on, Dowrloll, Dun-
bar, Edgeiton, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, Ethe-
ridge, Cverhait, Farley, Fentrn. Gamble, Goodrich, Harri-
son, Hibbard. Howe, Ilughes, Hunt, Inger&oll, Johnson,
Daniel T.Jones, Roland Jones, Ken, Knox, Latham,
1 J-iruHey, McCulloch, Macv, Matte^on, Middlesivarth,
Mill-mi, Morgan, Murray, Norton, Olds, Packer, Patker,
Pennington, Pnngle, Reese, Richardson, Robbing Roger*,
' Russell, Sabjn, Sapp, Simmons, Skelton, Gerrit Smith,
: Stratum, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Tracy, Trout,
1 TJphatn, Vail, Walley, Eihhu B. Washbnrne, Israel Wash-
burn, Wells, Tapp&n Wentworth, Witte, and Daniel B.
; Wright—93.
So tl^e House refused to excuse the gentleman
from voting.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to reconsider the
! vote by which the gentleman from New York was
excused from voting; and upon that 1 call the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from -New
York wat< riot excused from voting*
