1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
heirs of Richard K. Meade, deceased, praying
commutation pay; which was ordered to lie on the
table, as a general bill has been reported which
will embrace that case.
Mr. BitODHEAD presented a memorial of
sundry merchants of Philadelphia, praying1 that
the provision of law by which the forfeiture of
ships is incurred, without the faultof the owners,
may be repealed; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Also, the memorial of H. Gold Rogers, late
Charge d'Affaires of the United States to Sardinia,
praying: to be allowed arrears of compensation;
■which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Aiso, the memorial of A. Kintzing, late special
examiner of drugs at Philadelphia, praying extra
compensation for performing the duties of one of
the assistant examiners at that port; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to present five petitions
from different parts of the State of Delaware,
signed by its most respectable citizens, praying
that Congress, in the organization of the Territory
of Nebraska, or any other Territory hereafter,
will adhere to the principle of non intervention as
established in the legislation of 1850, so as to pro-
vide that slavery shall neither be legislated into,
nor out of, any Territory by the authority of Con-
gress. As the subject is now before the Senate, I
move that the petitions he on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHASE. I beg leave to present a memo-
rial of citizens of Cincinnati, praying that a grant
of public lands may be made to the Cincinnati
and Mackinaw Railroad Company. This petition
is signed by a large number of the most respect-
able and influential cinzens of that city, ft states
further, very clearly and distinctly, the public rea-
sons which commend this enterprise to the favor-
able regards of the Senate. I beg leave to commend
it very earnestly to the attention of the Committee
on Public Lands.
It was so referred.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I present various commu-
nications which have been received at the office of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, which, if they
h.-id been received in time, would haveformed part
of the annual report of that officer. I move, there-
fore, that they be printed with his annual report,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of Mary
S. Ma flit, of Cecil county, Maryland, praying in- 1
demnity for the destruction of a fishery belonging '
to her husband at Spesussa Island, at the mouth
of the Susquehanna river, by the British troops in
1812; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
reports from standing committees.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Public
Buildings, to whom was refetied a resolution of
the Senate of January 5, on the subject, reported a
bill to authorize the extension and completion of
the Treasury building, and also the construction
of a building for the War, Navy, and Interior
Departments; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Indian
Aff.irs, to whom was referred the petition of the
representatives of Joseph Watson, deceased, pray-
ing compensation foi services rendered by him as
Indian agent, reported a bill for their relief; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. GWIN, from the Comnntteee on Naval
•AiT'iirs, to whom was referred sn murh of the
President's message as relates to the Navy, re-
ported a bill to authorize the construction of six
steam frigates, and for other purposes; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. GWIN gave notice that he should ask the
Senate to take up that bill to-morrow morning, as
it was one of pressing importance.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee of Claims,
to whom was referred the bill from the HouWe of
Representatives for the relief of Isaac Cook and
others, reported it back without amendment, and
recommended its passage.
He also submitted a report on the subject of the
bill; which was ordered to he printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS,* from the Committee of
Claims, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives for the relief of the ex-
ecutors of the late Lieutenant John E. Bispham,
reported tt back without amendment, and recom-
mended its passage.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Territories, to whom was referred the bill to au-
thorize the construction of a line of telegraph from
the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean, reported
it back without amendment, accompanied by a
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the me-
morial of the heirs and representatives of Colonel
George Gibson, praying five years' commutation
pay, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it he on the table, as the ob-
ject of the memorial is embraced in a general bill
now pending.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
wereieferred the following bill, memorials, &>c.,
asked to be discharged from their further consid-
eration, and that they be referred to the Committee
on Pensions:
Bill for the relief of Sophia Kirby.
Petition of Anne Royall, widow of Captain
Wi'Iiam Royall.
Memorial of Thomas Foster.
Documents relating to the claim of the heirs of
Uriah Jones.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom were referred the petition
of Richard Fields, and^the memorial of William
M. Ryer, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration; which was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. IIUNTER, it, was
Ordered, Tiuit the heirs of GiMavus B. liauier have
leave to withdiaw his petition and papoia.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the pennon of David B Sears be with-
drawn from the files ot the Senate, and relei red to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the document1? relating to the claim of
Sylvanus Culver, heir of John Pear&on, be withdrawn
from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
the smithsonian institution.
Mr. PEARCE offered the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolred, That the vacancy in the Board of Regents of
the Smithsonian Institution, occasioned by the expnation
of the teim of the Hon. It. M. Charlton, be filled by the
President of the Senate.
i The PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Douglas to
| fill the vacancy.
| Washington's birth-day.
| On the motion of Mr. BAYARD, it was
; Ordered, That when ihe Senate adjourns to-day, it ad-
| jouin to meet on Thurs-day next.
pre-emption in california.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKeax, its Chief Clerk,
announcing that it had passed the bill of the Senate
for the extension of the preemption privilege m the
State of California, with certain amendments, in
which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
The bill, as it passed the Senate, was as follows:
I " Be it eiiacfcd by the Senate and House oj Reprcenta-
I tives of the United States of *dmeiica in Congress assembled^
• That the piovipions of the act of the 4ih of September, J 841,
[ gi anting preemption rights to settlers on the public lands,as
> modified and made applicable to the State of California, by
[ the act of the 3d of March, 185.J, shall he further modified, so
| tar a« such claim* applv to lands subject to private entry by
i granting to each s-etrler in i-aid State, who i- entitled to pre-
emption under s.nd laws, an exten-ion of time for the term
; of two years after the commencement of his or hersettle-
; ment as the period within which proof of right and payment
i shall be made for the lands claimed as aluresaid, and the
' thud proviso in the «ixth section />f the aforesaid act of the
; 3d of March, 18f>3, shall be so modified as to extend said
1 rights to settlements made prior to and within two years
1 aftei the passage of this aet."
The House amended it so as to make it read:
"That the piovi«ions of the act of the 4th of September,
1811, granting preemption rights to settlers on the public
lands, as modified and made applicable lo the State of Cali-
fornia bv the act of the 3d of March, 18,13. shall be further
modified, by extending the piovu-iosi-. of tin- tfitrd pioviso
| m the<ixth section of the a'ote-aid act of the 3d ot March,
I 1853, to settlements made prior to and within two years af-
I ter the passage of this act."
I On the motion of Mr. GWIN, the amendment
made by the House of Representatives was con-
curred in. . J?
INDIGENT INSANE.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill making a grant of public lands
to the several States and Territories of the Union,
for the benefit of indigent insane persons.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, the Committee on K
Public Lands reported an amendment to this bill,
in the form of a substitute for the original bill,
which was introduced by myself, and referred to
that committee; and to that amendment or substi-
tute there is now pending an amendment offered
by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Pettit,] who
is not now in his seat.
Mr. President, this bill, with but slight mod-
ification, has been pending before Congress for the
last five or six years, and has passed each House
by decisive majorities at different terms, though
unfortu'nately not at the same term in concurrence.
The object of the bill and its provisions are doubt-
less well understood by most, if not all the mem-
bers of the Senate. It has been very fully: and
carefully considered by your Committee on iPub-
lic Lands, and we think it well guarded in all its
provisions. It can hardly be deemed necessary,
i therefore, to enter upon any extended discussion
' at this time, with a view to enforce its claim upon
the favorable consideration of the Senate. ;
By the last census, it appears there are over
thirty thousand persons in the United States la-
boring under the most fearful and terrible of all
inflictions, mental alienation or insanity; a very
large proportion of whom are in circumstances of
indigence and want, destitute alike of the ordi-
nary physical comforts of life, and of that reme-
dial care and treatment which are afforded only at
well endowed hospitals, devoted exclusively to
that purpose, and which all observation and ex-
perience show to be indispensable to their resto-
ration.
The amelioration of the condition of this large
and increasing class of our citizens, suffering under
the most direful calamity which can befall a human
being; to restore them, so far as it may be done,
to reason, to usefulness, and to happiness, is no
secondary object of public interest, or of national
concern. The subject is one which appeals not to
our sympathies only, but it addresses itself em-
phatically to our regard as legislators for the pub-
lic weal. It seems hardly possible to conceive
of any other, or more practicable mode, than the
measure proposed by this bill, by which the Fed-
eral Government, not transcending its constitu-
tional pov/ers, can more effectually contribute to
the accomplishment of this most beneficent and
I most desirable object.
! The bill proposes a grant of ten millions of acres
I from your immense public domain for this object,
| to be apportioned among all the States, new and
; old, accoidmg to a prescribed and equitable ratio,
in sections and parts of section, after it sha'li have
: been surveyed. The States in which there are
! public lands of the value of $1 25 per acre are to
j have their distributive shares selected from such
! lands. The Stales in which there are no public
; lands of that value are to receive the amount of
! their distributive shares in acres in land scrip, to
be sold l>y the States at a price not less than one
dollar per acre. No State to which scrip is to be
issued is authorized to locate it in any other State
or Territory; but their assignees may locate their
scrip upon any of the unappropriated lands of the
United States which shall then be subject to pri-
ji vate entry at $1 25 per acre.
j! This provision will prevent the location of this
j. scrip upon any of the public lands along the lines
i' of proposed railroads, whose minimum value
!; shall have been fixed at the duplicate price, or at
i. any price above $1 25 per acre. Ihe expenses of
1 these proceedings are to be borne by the several
!i States respectively. The moneys realized from
the sale of the land's and from the sale of the scrip
I are to be invested in the United States stocks, or
!} other stocks yielding not less than five per cent,
i! upon their par value; and this is to constitute a
I; perpetual fund, the interest of which shall be ap-
II plied to making provision for, and to the support
j: and maintenance of the indigent insane m some
! public hospital or institution devoted exclusively
jj to their care and treatment, and having full corps
I of officers, physicians, and attendants attached to
II them. The previous assent of the States to the
