1854.
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20f3
ator from New Hampshire whether he has with- :
drawn his motion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was not
entertained. It is not in his power to say whether
it was withdrawn or not, for it was not enteitained,
Mr. NORRIS. I think I can inform my friend J
from Indiana how the matter stands. The Sen- !
ator from Massachusetts proposed to introduce a |
bill on notice given. I raised the question that it ;
could not be introduced without leave of the Sen-
ate, if there was objection.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand the Senator
to say without notice given ? I asked leave to
introduce the bill in pursuance of notice.
Mr. NORRIS. The Senator from Massachu-
setts,! have already stated, offered his bill agree-
ably to previous notice.
Mr. SUMNER. Precisely.
Mr. NORRIS. The question was then raised,
whether it could be received if there was objection.
The question arose whether leave should be
granted to the Spnator from Massachusetts to in-
troduce the bill ?
Mr. SUMNER. That is the first question.
Mr. NORRIS. The Senator from Massachu-
setts, upon the question of granting leave, under-
took to address the Senate. He was then called
to order by my friend from California, for dis-
cussing that question. The Chair sustained the
objection of the Senator from California. From
the decision of the Chair the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts took an appeal, and that is where the
question now stands, unless the Senator from
Louisiana had a right to make the motion which
he did make, which was to lay the appeal on the
table.
The PRESIDfNG OFFICER. The question
is, unless the Senator from Louisiana will disem- !
barrass the Chairjby withdrawing it, on the motion
of the Senator from Louisiana, to lay the appeal
on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOOT. On what motion have the yeas
and nays been ordered ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On themotion
of the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to know, before
voting, what will be the effect of a vote given in
the affirmative on this motion? "Will it carry the
bill and the whole subject on the table?
Mr. FOOT. An affirmative vote carries the
whole measure on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir; if
the motion to lay on the table be agreed to, it
carries the bill with it.
Several Senators. No, no.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The question is whether,
on themotion for leave to introduce the bill, there
shall be debate? TheChair has decided that there
shall be no debate. Those who vote u yea" on
my motion to lay the appeal of the Senator from
Massachusetts on the table, will vote that there is
to be no debate upon the permission to offer the
bill, and then the question will be taken upon
granting leave.
Mr. WALKER. The Chair decides differently.
The Chair decides, if J understand, that it will
carry the bill on the table. Then, how can we
ever reach the question of leave when objection is
made?
Mr. WELLER. I object to this discussion.
The Chair will decide that question when it arises.
It does not arise now. I insist that the Secretary
shall go on and call the roll.
Mr. WALKER. Suppose some of us object
to it ?
Mr. WELLER. Then I object to your dis-
cussing it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on
reflection, thinks that the motion, if agreed to,
would not have a further effect than to bring up
the question of granting leave.  
Mr. BRIGHT. I desire to understand the
Chair. I do not wish to insist on anything that
is not right, or that is not within the rules. That,
I insist upon having. The honorable Senator from
Louisiana is right in his conclusions as to his mo-
tion, provided he had a right to make the motion;
but I doubt whether he had a right to make that
motion while themotion of the honorable Sena-
tor from New Hampshire was pending. I do not
wish, however, to consume the time of the Senate.
If the effect of the decision of the Chair is to bring
us back to the question as to whether we shall
receive the bill or not, I will yield the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is it. !
Mr. BRIGHT. Ye*y well.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken, j
allow me to read a few words from the rules and
orders, and from Jefferson's Manual.
:c One day's notice, at h-ast, shall be given of an intended
motion for leave to bring ma bill." ■
That is the 25th rule of the Senate, and then to 1
that rule, in the publication which I now hold in
my hand, is appended from Jefferson's Manual,
the following decisive language: :
When a member de%ires to bring in a bill on any hub- j
ject, he stales t<  the House, in general term', the causes ,
tor doing it, and concludes for leave to bring in a bill en-
titled, &c. Leave being given, on the question, a com- '
mittee is appointed to prepare and hung m ihe biii.*' j
Now, I would simply observe, that my purpose |
was merely to make a s'atement  j
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call to order. |
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator j
had presented his bill, and was debating it after- j
wards. The question is on the motion of the j
Senator from Louisiana, to lay the appeal on the '
table; and on that the yeas and nays have been •
ordered. I
The question being taken by yeas and nays, i
resulted—yeas 35, nays 10; as follows: ;
YEAS—Me^sr*. Adam4?, Atelnson, Bell, Benjamin, I
Biodhead, Hiown, Bmh*r, Ca*s, Clay, Cooper, Dawson, ■
Dodge ot Iowa, Evans, Fitzpamek, Geyer, Gwai, Johnson, i
Jones o( Iowa, Joiies-" oi Tenne sec, Mallory, Ma^on, Mni- ;
ton, rCoifii., Va rcc, IVtm. Pratt, Ru«k, Seh.Wfau, SluMl, .
Stuart, Thompson ot Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, '
Toombs, Toueey, and Wetler— 35.
NAYS—Me.*sr<. Cha^e, Fo.-cnden, Fi^h, Foot, Gillette,
Rockwell, Seward, Sumner, Wade, and Walker—10.
So the appeal was ordered to lie on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on granting leave to introduce the hill.
Mr. SUMNER. On that question I ask for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of order;
and 1 think if the Chair will consider it for the
moment, he will, or, at least, 1 hope he will,agree
with me. The parliamentary law is the law under
which the Senate act. Whenever there is a mo-
tion made to lay on the table a subject connected
with the main subject, and it prevails, it carries
the whole que.stioo with it. It is different entirely
from the rules in the House of Representatives.
The rules m the House vary the parliamentary
law, and you may there move to lay a matter on
the table, because that is the final vote, and is
equivalent to rejecting it, and a motion to take it
up from the table is not m order. But now the
Presiding Officer will see that if this course be
pursued, the Senate may grant leave to introduce
this bill, they may go on and pass it, and yet next
week it will be in order for the Senator from
Massachusetts to move to take up the appeal which
the Senate has just laid on the table; whereas the
whole subject on which his appeal rested might
have been passed and sent to the other House.
That surely cannot be so? The ruling of the Chair
in this respect, thereto! e, I suggest is wrong, and
the motion to lay on the table carries the whole
subject with it. U is important to have the mat-
ter settled for the future practice of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. At the first
mooting of the proposition, the Chair was of that
opinion; but he is perfectly satisfied now that it
did not carry the whole question with it. The
question was on the motion to Jay the appeal on
the table, and that motion was exhausted when
it did lay the appeal on the table. It did not reach
back to affect the question of granting leave.
That is now the question before the Senate. On
that the yeas and nays have been asked for by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STUART, I will not take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair; but I only wish to say
that as I am satisfied I am right, I do not wish,
by acquiescing m the decision of the Chair, to em-
barrass us when such occasions may arise again.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon granting leave to introduce the bill, resulted
i —yeas 10, nays 35; as follows:
' YEAS—Messrs, Chn«p, Dodge of Wisconsin, Fe^en-
I den. Foot, Gillette, Rockwell, Sewd.nl, Suumei, Wade,
\ and Walker—10.
! NAYS—Me^ra. Adams, Atchison. Bell, Benjamin,
Bueiit, Riodn^uL Riowti, F-uU'i, Gas-, Clay, Couper,
I Dawson, Evans, Fjzp^trick, G,«ycr, Gwiu, Johns.cn,
Jones of Towa, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Mason, Mor-
ton, Noms, Pearee, Pettit, Pratt,Rusk, Sebastvan, Slidell,
Siudrt, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toombs, Toucey, andWeller—35.
So the Senate refused to grant leave to introduce
the bill.
Mr. DOUGL&S subsequently said:, I was
called out of the Senate Chamber to one of the
Departments on some business, for a short time,
to-day. If I had been here when the vote was
taken on the Batchelder case, I should have voted
for it. I desire, also, to state that I should have
voted against any permission to allow the intro-
duction of a bill to repeal the fugitive slave law,
believing that the Constitution must be enforced"
under all circumstances.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. BRODHEAD. In engrossing the amend-
ments which we made to the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill an error was committed by the
clerks. A portion of the bill, as it came from us
to the House, relating to the management of the
public buildings and the powers of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, was stricken out; but
in engrossing the amendments that one was acci-
dentally omitted. Ouramendments, I understand,
are now under consideration in the House, and I
wish to send a message to them on the subject. -I
therefore offer the following resolution which has
been prepared according to the usual form:
Resolved, That the Secretary inform the House of Rep-
resentatives ilmt the following amendment, made by the
Senate to the bill entitled u An act making appropriations
for ihe civil and diplomatic expenses of Government for
the year endmx tin* 30th of June, 1855," were accidentally
omi.tfd in engro<Mn« the amendments made by the Senate
to Hio saifcbili; and that the Hou^e be requested to receive
the said amendment as a portion of those made by the
SenHte, viz :
Amend the second section by striking out after the words
"two House* of Congress," the following words: " and
further that all appropriations which are herein made, or
may be hereafter made, t*>r repairs or improvements of the
public: buildings, ground^, and stieets, within the District of
Columbia, and now under tin; charge of the Commissioner
of Public Buildings and Grounds, shall be expended under
the direction of the Secretary ot the Interior; and that ail
laws or parts of laws inconsistent with this section, shall
be, and the same are hereby, repealed."
Mr. SLIDELL. A similar error was made in
omitting a portion of the amendment which was
adopted by theSenate as the thirty-first section of
the bill, by which the clerks of the branch Mint
at New Orleans were put on the same footing
with the clerks in the Mint at Philadelphia. The
Secretary has in his possession a letter which 1
addressed to the chairman of the Committee on
Finance on the subject, which will confirm the
statement T am about to make. When that sec-
tion was offered as an amendment by the Senator
from California, I suggested an amendment which
was accepted by him, to place the clerks in the
branch Mint at New Orleans on the same footing
as to salary with those in the Mintat Philadelphia.
The chairman of the Committee on Finance as-
sented to it, and I took it forgranted that ithad been
incorporated in the amendment; but this morning,
on reading the bill, as printed with our amend-
ments, to my great surprise I discovered that it
was not there; and inasmuch as another error is
to be corrected, 1 move to amend the resolution
by adding to it that the Secretary inform the
House that we amended our one hundred and
eighty-third amendment by inserting after the
words " United States," the words " and branch
Mint at New Orleans." The connection is this:
1 It is the provision allowing $1,800 as the annual
salary of clerks in the Mint of the United States
j and branch Mint at N"ew Orleans.
Mr. STUART. Do I understand the Senator
! to say that the amendment which he now suggests
* was actually made by the Senate when the bill
was pending?
Mr. SLIDELL. I suggested the amendment,
and it was immediately accepted by the Senator
i from California as part of his amendment, which
j was adopted. There is a letter m the possession
; of the Secretary which 1 have written tothechair-.
'! man of the Committee on Finance on the subject,
M which can be read if desired.
! Mr. STUART. I only wished ta ascertain
whether that fact existed; because, if 30, it is just
such a condition of things as that where the rule
authorizes a correction.
The amendment, was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, aa amended, was ado'pted.
