1168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11.
Mr. SAGE. I think the question is upon a
motion to adjourn over until Monday. I
Mr. RICHARDSON. At this point I raise a ■
question of order. The House have refused to j
adjourn over to Monday, and I submit that it is I
noc competent for gentlemen to make the motion !
over and over again.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the motion
is in order, unless made in such a connection as
to make it out of order. That has been the prac- j
tice heretofore, and the Chair will so rule. j
Mr. CAMPBELL. Upon that motion I de- j
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the negative—yeas 54, nays 95.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
The question then recurred upon the motion
that there be a cail of the House.
Mr. DEAN. I believe the morning hour has
expired. ! move that the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be en-
tertained, for the reason that there is a motion
pending to close debate in committee, which must
take precedence.
Mr. DEAN. 1 think my motion ought to be
entertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. MEACHAM. J wish to be excused from
voting.
The SPEAK EH. The Chair decides that the
proposition of the gentleman from Vermont can-
not be received.
Mr. MEACHAM. I know that has been the
decision of the Speaker; but 1 wish to suggest to
him a decision upon this point made in a previous
Congress different from that the Chair now makes,
i send the Journal containing the decision to the
Chair.
Mr. PHELPS. What is the question before
the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is stating a ques-
tion of order. The Chair will say to the gentleman
from Vermont, that during the Twenty-Ninth Con-
gress the Journals show that a motion to excuse
n member from voting upon a motion that there
be a call of the House was entertained; but the
Chair has doubts whether it was not done inad-
vertently, as was the same thing done this morn-
ing. The Chair decides that a motion to excuse
a member upon a motion that there be a call of
the House is not m order.
Mr. MEACHAM. The motion was not only
entertained, but the member was excused from
voting by the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, further,
that the lules at that time permitted a member to
give his leawons for asking to be excused from
voting. Since that time the rule has been changed
in tins respect. The Chair has decided that such
ti motion ts not in order, and he has been sus-
tained in his decision by a very large vote of the
House, He makes that decision now, and de-
clares the question, that there be a cail of the
House.
Mr. SAGE. In order to ascertain whether the
House will not conform to precedents set by pre-
vious Congresses, I ttike an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair. After the precedent which
has been quoted, 1 wish to have a decision of the
House upon the subject. '!
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would '!
be a very liberal construction of the  uies to allow j
an appeal to be taken; but he will enteitain it. i
The question will therefore be, "Shall the deci-
sion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the ;
House?" .'!
Mr. SAGE. Upon that question I demand the ij
yeas and nays. u
Mr. COBB. If the House will allow me at si
this late hour,! desire to tender theoiive branch— i
[Cries of "Yes!" "No!" "Hear him!".:
14 Let's have the olive branch !" and considerable ,j
•confusion.]
Mr. HOUSTON objected. ,'j
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Illinois, also ob- ''
jected.
Mr. COBB. What I have to say is connected u
with the business before the House. !|
[Cries of Let's hear what it is !"] j|
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot pro-
ceed so long as objections are made.
Mr. COBB. I appeal to gentlemen to with-
draw their objections.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I will withdraw my
objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not withdraw mine.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Alabama cannot proceed. The gentleman from
Vermont submits the motion that he be excused
from voting upon the proposition that there be a call
of the House. The Chair decides that the motion
cannot be made, and from that decision thegentle-
man from New York takes an appeal. The same
decison has before been made to-day upon a similar
motion, and sustained by a vote of the House.
The Chair thinks it is a very liberal construction
to suppose that the House would reverse its own
decision within two hours, but in this one instance
he will, nevertheless, give that construction, and
permit the appeal to be taken. Pie will not say
what may be his course m the future, if such cases
again arise.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the appeal
do he upon the table.
Mr. SAPP. Upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. GOODRICH. I rriove to be excuscd from
voting upon that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
motion is not in order, and he further decides that
in this case the gentleman cannot appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Rich-
ardson's motion; and decided in the affirmative—
yeas 160, nays 34.
. So the appeal was laid upon the table.
MODIFICATION OF RESOLUTION TO CLOSE
DEBATE.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I propose to modify
the motion submitted by me this morning to close
debate m the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union upon the Nebraska bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The question is upon
ordering a call of the House, is it not? I think
we had better have the regular order of business.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If I have not the right
to modify my motion, I will not ask it as a priv-
1 efhe SPEAKER. The Chair will remind gen-
tlemen, and they will see upon a moment's reflec-
tion, that the mover of any bill, resolution, or of
any original proposition, has the right to withdraw
or modify it as he may please, before any action
shall have been taken upon it by the House. The
Chaircer'ainly thinks the gentleman from Illinois
has the right to modify his resolution as he may
think proper
Mr. BANKS. I desire to ask the Speaker if
the resolution of the gentleman from Illinois is
before the House at this tune? Is there not
another question pending?
The SPEAKER, it is before the House. It
would be necessary for the gentleman from Illinois
to withdraw his demand for the pievious ques-
tion before he could make any modification, but
the Chair thinks it would then be competent for
him to accomplish his purpose. It is true there
are other propositions intervening. There is a
motion for a call of the House, which must be
first put; but the Chair holds that it is still com-
petent for him to modify his motion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will then submit my
modification.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw his demand for the previous question?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do. And I now so
modify my motion as to close debate upon the
Nebraska bill in five minutes after its consideration
shall have again been ie^umed m committee.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. WHEELER. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; andit was decided
in the negative—yeas 65, nays 78.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that when the House
adjourns, it be to meet on Monday next; and on
that motion I demand the ye^s and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 ask to be excused from
voting on that question.* I move that I be ex-
cused. A
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman cannot be permitted.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desite to call the atten-
tion of the Chair to the fact that it has bee;*i
decided heretofore-——-
[Cries of " Order !"]
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio is
upon the floor on a question of order.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to have the question
settled whether the gentleman can ask to be ex-
cused without furnishing reasons. It is an abuse
of the privilege of the House. I put the question
on that ground.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Ohio. Unless the gentleman takes an appeal, the
question is settled.
Mr. ORR. The question is not debatable.
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr, CAMPBELL. I would say, in reply to
the gentleman from Georgia, that matters of abuse
are matters between me and my constituents, and
not between that ge'ntieman and myself.
[Cries of "Order!"]
Mr. SEWARD. The question involves the
character of this House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair trusts that the
House will allow the gentleman fiom Ohio to
present any authority he may have on the ques-
tion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The question cannot be
debated.
Mr. WHEELER. The gentleman does not
ask to debate it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I appeal from thedecision
of the Chair; and refer to a case where the ques*
tion was presented to the House on a motion to
adjourn, in 1847. I send the Journal .to the
Clerk's desk that it may be read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair makes no ques-
tion but what the gentleman may find some pre-
cedent for his position; but it was an error, and
ought to have been corrected long ago. [Great
laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. INGERSOLL. And I move that that
appeal be laid upon the table.
Mr. HIBBARD. I would make the point of
order whether an appeal from the decision of the
Chair is in order on a motion to fix the time to
which the House shall adjourn?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
House may fix its own rules. If it contradicts
itself every day it is not the fault of the Chair,
but its own fault. [Laughter.] The Chair wilt
go further: If the House is disposed to do a fool-
ish thing, the Chai& must indulge it. [Renewed
laughter.]
Mr. HUGHES. I move that the House do
now adjourn; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GUMMING-. Is the motion of the gen-
tleman from New York in order ? We have just
voted down a similar motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn is in
order. Since the House last refused to adjourn
there has been a motion made for adjournment
tiil Monday, a question of order, and an appeal
from the decision of the Chair. It is narrowing
the question down pretty closely; but the Chair
holds the motion must be entertained.
The question was taken; and the motion was
decided in the negative—yeas 71, nays 8G.
So the House (at five minutes after eleven
o'clock) refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER The question now recurs on
the motion to lay the appeal from the decision of
the Chair upon the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered. *
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 108, navs 33.
So the appeal from the decision of the Chair
was laid upon the table.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
