458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
\
late the public land, it is certain they can estab-
lish no government 'where they own no land.
Some other foundation, therefore, of the power
must be sought. I repeat, where is it? Search
for it, from one end of your Constitution to the
other, and you will search in vain. Some four
years since, in some remarks to the Senate, I went
into this subject fully, and have no disposition
now to reinvestigate it.
it is a little curious to ascertain the different
reasons which have been given why Congress
have this power. I will count them upon my
finders:
1. Is this power to sell.
2. The war and treaty-making power.
3. The right to admit new States.
4. The right to sell the public lands.
5. The right of ownership.
' 6. The right or duty of settlement.
7. The right of sovereignty.
8. The nature of government.
9. Nationality.
10 The principles of agency and trust.
11. The obligation to carry into effect the en-
gagements of the old Confederation.
12. A sort of tacit confirmation by the present
Constitution of the assumption of this power.
There is the round dozen, Mr. President, and
1 think that it would be difficult to find a stronger
argument against the exercise of this power than
this very diversity of opinion respecting its origin.
Eight plain words would have given the power
beyond doubt and beyond controversy—Congress
shall kave power to govern the Territories, until
now, sir, we have been taught to believe that the
men who formed the Constitution of the United
States were remarkable for their intellect and in-
telligence, and that that instrument was remarkable
for the clearness and precision of its language.
And, in the face of these characteristic traits, we
are asked to believe that, instead of a clear pro-
vision for the exercise of the momentous power of
instituting governments over freemen, we must
search it and find it in some one or other of the
clauses to which I have referred, and which have
not the most distant relation to the matter. Lat-
terly, u has been contended by some, with a good
deal of confidence, that this authority is derived
from the treaty-making power; and I suppose that
tliis opirnon has most advocaies&t this day. It
is unfortunate, sir, for its adoption, that, in or-
der to sustain it, we must resort to two implica-
tions from one grant of power. You have the'
right to make treaties, and, as an implication, you
have the rij>ht of acquisition.
The Constitution stops with one implied power,
but here you must have another, and claim the
authority to govern as an incident to the right of
acquisition, which is itself an incident of the trea-
ty-making power. As to the regulation and dis-
pOMtion of property when acquired, that is ex-
pressly provided form the Constitution. But there
if? another fatal objection to this assumption, it
doei not meet the exigencies of the case any more
than does the clause for selling the public land.
Eight Territories have been formed within the ori-
ginal limits of the United States, five northwest of
the Ohio, and three south of it. The region covered
by these Territories does not come within the trea-
ty-making power of the Constitution, and conse-
quently no incident affectinc; it can be derived from
the treafy-makmg authority. It makes part of
our original teintory not ceded by England, for
we did not, ask her to make any cession to us.
We claimed the whole country as our own, and
we kept it as our own, and all England did was
to recognize our right to n. Then, sir, it, is clear
that the authority to establish the northwestern
Territoi >es and the Territories of Tennessee, Mis-
sissippi, and Aiaharna, never came to Congress
through the treaty-making power. We are again
baflled in our investigations.
And now, sir, for the \iews of Judge McLean:
"Tl)!1 rrue coij-h ucfion of the Con&titution i-*, that im-
plied p'jwrxiMn only be exercised in eariying into effect
a specific power, and tins implication h limited to
imputes a-> >ha!I be aupropndto K> Uie object. That is an
admitted and rule of construction. It is believed to be
the only one which ha^ been sanctioned by -talesmen and
omits. Pnweis exereir-ed beyond tlu-s are not den ved fr<nn
Uie t'onMUution, bur inu^t depend upon an unlimited dis-
cretion, and tins K dfs pnti«n>.
Though the Senator from Indiana says there is
no danger.
k —Now, thete is no specific power in the Constitution
which authorizes the organization of a territorial govern-
ment. Such a power was given in relation to the District
of Columbia, and it was equally necessary m regard to the
other Territoi les. But if this power be implied from the
specific power given to regulate the disposition of the pub
lie lands, it must, under the above rule, be limited to means
suitable to the end m view, it Congress go beyond this
in the organization of a territorial government, they act
without limitation,and may establish a monarchy. Admit
that they may organize a government which shall protect
the lands purchased, and provide lor the adnnnitmatiori of
justicc among the settlers, it dons by no means follow that
they may establish slavery. This is a relation which must
be created by the local sovereignty. It is a municipal reg-
ulation of limited extent, and necessarily of an equally lim-
ited origin. It is a domestic relation over which Uie Fed-
eral Government can exercise no control,"
No point can be clearer than that the distinction
here drawn between the power to establish a gov-
ernment for a country, and the power to "inter-
meddle with, and to direct and control its domestic
relations, is one founded in nature, and fortified
by our whole history, from the earliest period to
this day.
What does Mr. Madison say as to the found-
ation of this power? He placed its exercise under
the old Confederation upon the true ground—the
ground of necessity. " The public interest," he
said in the Federalist; " the necessity of the case
imposed on them the task of overleaping their
constitutional authority;" and he adds that he
imputes no blame to Congress, because they could
n.oi have done otherwise. And some such idea
must have occurred to Judge Story, and to Judge
Marshall, when they used the language quoted
yesterday by the Senator from Indiana. "This
necessity of the case," or "inevitable conse-
quence," was in their view one of thegiounds of
justification for the action of Congress upon this
subject, and the adoption of the Constitution.
44 Perhaps," says Judge Marshall, "the power of
governing a Territory may result necessarily,
from the fact that is not within the jurisdiction of
any paiticular State, and is within the power of
the United States."
Now, sir, I repeat what I said yesterday, that
any man who knew Judge Marshall, that emi-
nent and able jurist, with as clear an intellect as
perhaps ever fell to the lot of any one, and whose
opinions upon all subjects were clearly formed
and clearly expressed, must be satisfied that he
hesitated upon this subject, and that his hesitation
resulted from the difficulty—impossibility, indeed
—of tracing this power fairly to the Constitution.
He knew that the Territories must be governed,
; and that the incipient measures must be taken
| by Congress. His frame of mind is sufficiently
I evinced by his saying, that " perhaps the power of
! governing a Territoi y may result," &c. May, and
\ perhaps, mark the doubt that rested on his mind;
foi it was rare that any equivocation remained
with respect to his opinions. u Whichever," he
continued,44 may be the source whence the power
is deiived, the possession of it is unquestioned."
The possession, indeed ! It is not that we are in
search of, but the rightful possession.
To be sure, Congress have exercised the power,
but we want to know whence came the authority;
and it is certainly no satisfactory answer to a man
making the inquiry to be told that " the possession
of it is unquestioned." The judge who said that,
when he looked to possession as the foundation of
the right, must have failed to find the latter in the
Constitution. It has but one foundation,sir, search
as you will, and that is the necessity of the case
which,justifies the action of a Government m cir-
cumstances not provided for, and necessary to be
met in the interests of the country.
Tendeitng my thanks to the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, and tendering them to the Senate for
their indulgence, I here quit the subject.
Mr. SUMNER then proceeded to address the
Senate in opposition to the bill. [His speech will
be found in the \ppendix.]
Mr. TOOMBS obtained the floor.
The further consideration r.f the subject was
postponed until to-morrow; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 21, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Hexry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The question first in order
is on the motion to lay on the table the bill extend-
ing the provisions of the several laws granting
bounty lands to the officers and soldiers who have
been engaged in the military service of the United
States, and to have printed the accompanying
report.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WARREN. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to
make a personal explanation in reference to the
bill now under consideration.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent
of the House that the gentleman from Arkansas
shall be heard on the matter to which he alludes?
There was no objection.
Mr. WARREN. I find, by reference to the
morning paper, that the provisions of this bill, as
well as the opinion of the committee touching u,
have been misunderstood. The committee has
been made, by the reporters, to oppose any modi-
fication of the bounty land law. That committee
has now before it propositions to modify that
law, and will leport bill or bills to effect that ob-
ject to some extent.
The bill reported back on yesterday proposes
to modify the bounty land law so as to give to
each officer and soldier who served in any war of
the United States, without regard to the time of
service, whether twelve days or twelve months,
one hundred and sixty acres of land. The com-
mittee thought it unequal, and reported adveisely
on it, after thorough investigation. They did not
intend to indicate, however, that they were op-
posed to any modification of the bounty land law.
They found, on examination, that if the provis-
ions of the bill under consideration became law,
that aUnost half of the public lands still remain-
ing in the Union would be disposed of, and that
it would require ten years for the Department to
carry them into execution. It was therefore that
they authorized me to report adversely to the bill.
We are not opposed to a change of the bounty
land law. We disclaim anything of the kind.
We are in favor of a certain modification of that
law, and shall so report to the House. We have
only decided on the proposition then before us,
which was to give to every officer and soldier,
without regard to the time or the war in which
he may have served, one hundred and sixty acres
of land, thereby placing the officer or soldier who
only served ten days on the same footing with the
one who served months and years.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. PRESTON, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced, by unanimous consent, a bill;
which was read a first and second time by its
title, as follows, and referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals:
"A bill to enlarge the Louisville and Portland
canal, and provide for its control and manage-
, ment, and to make said canal free to navigation and
j commerce."
i Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the rules be
I suspended; and that the House resolve itself into
i the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. DISNEY. I trust that motion may not
prevail.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 demand tellers on the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Campbell were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 70, noes 47.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Commitieeof the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Oli>s m the
4hair.)
i The CHAIRMAN. When the committee rose
;i yesterday it had under consideration, by special
'| order, House bill No. 37, known as the home-
|j stead bill; on which question the gentleman from
ii Illinois [Mr. James C. Allen] is entitled to the
j floor.
■j Mr. ALLEN then addressed the House, de-
li clanng himself in favor of the bill for establishing
;i territorial governments in Nebraska and Kansas,
'! and giving his reasons for supporting it. His
(j speech wiii be found in the Appendix.
!j Mr. GROW obtained the floor, and said: As a
1| number of gentlemen desire to speak upon this
i! question, and as the debate is to close at three
! o'clock to-day, I will, with the consent of the
|j committee, yield the floor now, and make my re-
II murks during the hour allotted to my colleague,
