THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C..
33d Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, MAY 13, 1854.
New Series No. 74.
Mr. GROW. I move that when the House
adjourns, it be to meet on Monday next.
The SPEAKER.. There is already pending a
motion to that effect.
Mr. CULLOM. If a motion be made to ad-
journ over for a longer period than that to Monday,
would it not have precedence?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. FENTON. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote of the House by
which the appeal of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] from the decision of the Chair was
laid upon the table; and on that motion I demand
the yeas and nays. I voted in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
that he hastily decided to-night that that motion
was not in order. It was a hasty and improper
decision, in the opinion of the Chair, and he re-
verses it. The motion to adjourn over will super-
sede the motion to reconsider. The Chair could
explain so that he thinks the House would agree
with him that the decision is now a correct one,
and that the other was hasty and incorrect The
yeas and nays were ordered on the motion to
adjourn over.
The question was then taken; and decided in the
negative-—yeas 55, nays 92.
So the House refused to adjourn over till Mon-
day next.
The question recurred upon the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the appeal from the
decision of the Chair was laid upon the table.
Mr. FENTON. On that question I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ORR. I move to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
Mr. WHEELER. On that I demand tellers.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BENSON, (at ten minutes past twelve
o'clock.) 1 move that the House do now adjourn;
and on that motion I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. PARKER. I ask for tellers.
Mr. BENSON. I withdraw the demand for
the yeas and nays, and will let the question be
taken by tellers.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to know what the
motion is ?
The SPEAKER. It is a motion to adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD. Then 1 raise a question of
order. The question just taken was in reference
to an adjournment.
The SPEAKER. That watf a proposition to
adjourn over till Monday; and since that time
two or three motions have intervened.
Mr. SEWARD. What motions have inter-
vened? The motion to reconsider was made
before the question was taken on the adjournment.
The SPEAKER. There was a motion made
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table; and
the yeas and nays were ordered upon that propo-
sition.
Tellers were ordered on Mr. Benson's motion;
and Messrs. Wheeler, and Harris of Alabama,
were appointed.
The question was then put; and the tellers
reported—ayes fi8, noes 78.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas G5, nays 77.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr. Orr
to lay upon the table the motion to reconsider the
rote by which the appeal from the decision of the
Chair was laid upon the table; and being put, it
was decided in the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 34.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Mr. EDMANDS, (at a quarter tooneo'clock.)
I move that the House do now adjourn; and I
ask for tellers on that motion.
Mr. TWEED. I call for the yeas and nays.
74
We may as well take them at once, or we shall
have tellers and the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 65, nays 78.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion that there
be a call of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 57, nays 79.
So the House refused to order a call.
The question recurred upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question on Mr. Richard-
son's resolution to close debate.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 move that when this
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Saturday
next; and upon that motion I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAURICE. I ask to be excused from
voting upon that motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Orr in the
chair.) The temporary Speaker will conform to
the decision made by the regular Speaker, and de-
cline to entertain the proposition of thegentleman
from New York.
Mr. DRUM. I believe that nine tenths of the
members of this House are in favor of having one
week's more debate on the Nebraska bill. 1 be-
lieve that can be accomplished by adjourning till
to-morrow.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. DRUM. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for tellers on that
motion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would ask
if the first question is not on the motion to adjourn
till Saturday ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstood the gentleman from Ohio to withdraw
that motion.
Mr. WASHBURN. Notatall. Hedemanded
the yeas and nays on the motion of thegentleman
from Pennsylvania, arid then withdrew the call.
The SPE AKER pro tempore. Then the Chair
cannot entertain the proposition of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Drum.] The question
now is on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw that motion.
Mr. DRUM. Then I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CUMMING. May I be allowed to ask
if this motion can possibly be in order ? Can the
rules of this House be so complicated that every
moment we may be called to vote upon an adjourn-
ment or a non-adjournment ? [Great laughter.] I
cannot believe itj and I therefore move that the
motion to adjourn belaid upon the table. [Roars
of laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair does
not feel at liberty to entertai.il the motion of the
gentleman from New York. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. BANKS. 1 desire to ask the Chair" what
is the main question before the House at this
time—the principal question?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The pending
question is on the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Dean] that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. BANKS. I understand that; but the pre-
vious motion—is it not the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] propos- i
ing to close the debate on the Nebraska bill?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is. |
Mr. BANKS. Then 1 ask thegentleman from \
Pennsylvania to withdraw the motion to atljourii,
that I may move to lay the resolution of the gen?
tleman from Illinois upon the table.
Mr. DRUM. I withdraw the motion to adjourn
for that purpose.
Mr. BANKS. I move to lay the resolution of
the gentleman from Illinois upon the table; md
upon that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask W be
excused from voting.on this question.
[Cries of " No objection !"]
Mr. WHEELER. Yes, sir, I object.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. Then I move tjjtat
thegentleman from Maine be excusedfrom vot-
ing; and upon that motion I demand the; yeas-ai) d
nays. t
Mr. BAYLY,of Virginia. Is it in order.to move,
to amend that motion so as to excufft the "gentle-
man from voting for the rest of tJhe session?.
[Laughter.] _ ,
The SPEAKER, pt-o tempore. The Chair thinks
not.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the House do
now adjourn; and upon that motion I ask for tel-
lers.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I demand the yeas and
nays. < .• .
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 05, nays 83.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. CASK1E. 1 rise to submit.a motion to
which we might as well come first as last; and I
hope that nobody will vote for it who does not
mean to stick to it to the bitter end. I move that
there be a call of the House,
Mr. SAGE. I call for theyeas.ahd naysj
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that, the House do
now adjourn; and upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. • . . '
The question was then put; and it was decidedl
in the negative—yeas 64, nays 80>. 1 * :
So the House refuse to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The questioil
now recurs on the motion of the gentleman from -
Virginia [Mr. Caskie] for a call of the House.
Mr. SAGE, Mr. Speaker, I ask leave to. be-
excused from voting on that motion.
Mr. CASKIE.. I will withdraw for a.time'my
motion for a call of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion now
before the House is to excuse thegentleman from
Maine [Mr. Washburn] from voting on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks,] which is to lay on the table the motion
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richard-
son.]
M r. STUA RT, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I renew
the motion for a call of the House; and on that-1
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that I may be ex-
cused from voting on that motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Speaker
decided that that question cannot be entertained.
From that decision an appeal was taken, a.nd the
decision was affirmed. The Chair conforms to that
decision.
Mr. GOODRICH, (at fiveminutes past two, a.
m.) I move that the House donow adjourn; and
on that motion 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The roll was called; and there were—yeas 58,
nays 74.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
now rccurs on the motion of the gentlemen from
Ohio [Mr. Stuart] for a call of the House; and
on that question the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The Clerk commenced to call the roll.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday nest. I
think we have done quite-enough of work to-day
