1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
[Mr. Dawson,] the chairman of the Committee
on Agriculture, who reported this bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We had better
adhere to the rule.
Mr. COX. I object to any such arrangement.
Mr. GROW. £ hope there will be no objection
to my suggestion.
Mr. WALSH. Oh, yes; I object to it.
Mr. COX. I object to any contract or arrange-
ment for the disposal of the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair begs leave to
say to the committee, and to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,] that objection being;
made to the proposed arrangement, he would like
to assign the floor to some gentleman who wishes
to speak in opposition to the homestead bill,
which has not yet been much discussed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose there is
no one here opposed to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Dent]
proposes to speak in opposition to the bill, and if
the gentleman from Pennsylvania will yield the
floor now, he can still have forty-five minutes
when the gentleman from Georgia concludes.
Mr. GROW. If that be the gentleman's object,
I shall yield the floor to him.
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, representing, as
I do, in part, one of the sovereign States of the
Union, I feel it to be my duty not to let this home-
stead bill pass without stating my objections to it.
I have waited, with great patience, in the hope that
some other gentleman from Georgia would secure
he floor, and do more justice to this subject than
t can hope to do. Being entirely a new member,
and unaccustomed to the proceedings of legislative
bodies, I have felt at a loss to know how to pro-
ceed to obtain the floor to speak in opposition to
the bill. 1 have desired that this bill should be
opposed by some one from Georgia, because the
people of that State are opposed to it. I have no
notes, and my remarks on the present occasion
must be rather disjointed; but I propose to enter
my protest against the pending proposition for the
disposition of the public lands now before this
committee. I am opposed to the homestead bill
for various reasons, it is unjust and unequal. It
proposes to give that which belongs to the sover-
eign States and people of this Confederacy to a
set of individuals, who, perhaps, are as little
worthy to receive it as any other class on the con-
tinent. If I remember the language of the bill,
it, in effect, really invites the pauper population of
Europe to come and take possession of our public
lands.
Mr. DAWSON. I beg leave to correct the
gentleman in that respect. There is nothing in
the bill which holds out inducements to the popu-
lation of Europe. Its provisions are exclusively
confined to those who are now citizens and resi-
dents of the States and Territories of the United
States.
Mr. DENT. A friend has just handed me a
copy of the bill, and I find the following to be its
language:
" Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That if arv individ-
ual now a resident of any one of the Stales or Terrttoues,
and not a citizen of the United States, hut, at the tune of
makii'S such application for the benefit of this act, <hall
have tiled a declaration of intention as lequired by the nat-
uralization laws of the United States, arid shall become a
citizen of the same before the iss-nanco of the patent, as
made and provided for m this act. .'hall bo placed upon an
equal looting with the native-born citizen of the United
States."
There is no limitation in the bill. Its operation
is to be perpetual, and as soon as the pauper popu-
lation of Europe are informed that in this country,
to which they are naturally disposed to corne, such
a law has been passed by the American Congress,
oar shores will belined with millions of them.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 onlyinterruptthegentleman
to turn his attention to the Innguage of the bill.
He seems to have overlooked the words "now
resident." The provisions of the bill are exclu-
sively confined to those who are novj citizens, or
now residents of the States or Territories.
Mr. DENT. Very well; then ten years hence
—for this bill makes no limitation as to the length
of time it is to He in force—those emigrants who
come here from Europe within the next five years
will then he citizens of the United States, and con-
sequently entitled to the benefits of this homestead
law
Mr. DAWSON. Not at &11. The gentleman
from Georgia labors under a great misapprehen-
sion as to the effect of the bill.
Mr. DENT. Very well; if I be mistaken, I
am willing to be corrected by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, (interrupting.) I
desire to state a few words in reference to this
matter. I suppose the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania certainly does not mean to confine the opera-
tion of this bill to those persons who are now in
the United States; because everybody knows that
the principle to be adopted, that the same argu-
ments which would carry this bill in favor of those
who are citizens of the United States to-day, would
also be carried out in favor of those who come
here to-morrow. The principle embodied here
would, if settled, apply as well to those who come
hereafter as those who are here at present.
Mr. DAWSON. The only answer that I have
to make to this objection is, that there is no pro-
vision in the Mi which confers its benefits on any
other than those who are now citizens or residents
of the United States. As to what the Congress
of the United States may hereafter do on the sub-
ject is a matter for Congress itself to decide.
Mr. DENT. I do not recognize the right of
any gentleman on this floor to interrupt me while
I am addressing the committee; and I wish to be
distinctly understood that it is no want of courtesy
on my part, when I object to these interruptions.
Still, if I make any erroneous statement, I am
willing to be corrected. But I am speaking ex-
temporaneously, without notes, and therefore do
not wish to be interrupted.
In rising at this time, Mr. Chairman, I wish it
simply to go before the House and the country,
that there is at least one representative on this
floor from the sovereign State of Georgia who is
opposed to the distribution—the disposition that is
now attempted to be made—of the public lands; not
only in reference to this homestead bill, but your
great Pacific railroad enterprise, your railroad
grants; and, in a word, to every measure that is
now pending before this House to dispose of the
public lands, except to that one which proposes
to relieve the soldiers who fought and bled to ac-
quire these territories; who served their country
when she was in danger; who stood by her in the
hours of trouble.
I understand the principles which prevail in
some of the committee rooms. I understand the
feeling of this House which prompts members to
refuse justice to those who, by the best right, are
entitled to these lands, while they are ready to
give them to the pauper population of Euiope,
and to that class of men who are too lazy to work
! for the land necessary to provide themselves a
| home.
j Hut, it is proposed to give away the land to the
j great railroad companies; it is proposed in this
j republican country to build up an aristocracy of
' wealth, by taking: away that which is common to
us all, and giving it to a few companies. Sir, I
object to the whole of this unjust and unequal sys-
tem. The public lands are the common property
of all the sovereign States, and should not thus be
alienated. The Constitution of the United States—
if, from my reading, I recollect it aright—says,
" that Congress shall have the power to dispose of
the public lands, and to make all needful rules and
regulations in reference thereto." But, in the same
clause, it goes on to say, " that Congress shall do
no act which shall be prejudicial to the United
States, or to any State of the Union."
Now, sir, if you take the public lands, and di-
vide them up between new States, with a view
that they may then give them to railioad compa-
nies, do you not do an act which is unjust—which
militates against the interests of some of the States
of the Union? What, then, is to become of the
rights which the old States have to the public do- !
main? Would you, sir, if you were a parent,!
having thirty-one children, divide your vast estate .
between the youngest twelve, and cut off from a ji
share in it those who had helped you to make your
fortune, and to accumulate it? Would you, I say, i
give all your property to the twelve youngest chil- j
dren, and depiive the rest of yowr family of that j;
which you had acquired by their coopeiation ? j!
That is precisely the argument brought in here, i.
Gentlemen argue that by giving Jo these railroad |
companies this amount of public land, you thus j'
enrich the whole country. I object to it. I ob- Ij
ject to the doctrine advocated upon this floor, that ll
owns, or that the Government is the
proprietor of, the public domain. It is not the
proprietor, it is but the agent, the common agent
of the sovereign States, and as such, can exercise
only certain delegated powers which have been
given to it. Further than that it cannot go.
What would you think of a parent who should
make such a disposition of~his estate? What
would you say of a guardian who should give to
twelve of his wards the whole estate, leaving the
nineteen pennyless upon the world, and then say
he has made the whole family rich ? You would
take him up and put him into a lunatic asylum.
; Justice is the parent of peace.
| Gentlemen representing the old thirteen States,
| and indeed any State in which the public lands do
! not he, do themselves and their States great in-
j justice to allow a set of gentlemen to come in upon
' this floor and make a kind of log-rolling business
of these matters. The homestead bill is advo-
cated by some, and grants to railroads by others.
I understand that something like a hundred bills,
of this latter character, are now pending before
both branches of Congress, The original land
system of this country is good. It has worked
well, and my doctrine is to let well enough alone.
If you proceed to give lands to some roads, to
some States, and to some companies, upon the
same principle you may proceed to give the bal-
ance to other companiesand to other States, which
will be soon knocking at your door, asking for
land. And if you continue thus to give away, in
a short time you will have disposed of the whole
public domain of the country.
Sir, the public lands are the wealth of this na-
tion. I have always been opposed to the distri-
bution of the proceeds of the pubhr lands. Being a
Democrat, 1 stand with the Democratic party. I
understand that the doctrine of the Democratic
party is that we must hold on to the public do-
main, and not dispose of it; neither to divide it
between the States nor the proceeds of the sale
thereof. That was the original Democratic doc-
trine, and I see no reason why it is not good doc-
trine to day.
If, sir, we proceed to give away the public do-
main, we deprive the Treasury of the money
which would naturally flow into it from the pro-
ceeds of the sale of such public lands. But it is
said that these lands do not yield anything to the
country. I understand, if I recollect right, that
the President of the United States m his late mes-
sage informs us that nearly fifty-four millions of
net proceeds from their disposition have been de-
posited in the National Treasury. That amount
of money has gone to support the Army, to sup-
port the Navy, and to carry on the great machinery
of the General Government. That, much less,
then, was required to be levied and raised by a
tariff.
My doctrine has been, and the demand of my
people has been, free trade. We want to keep
the public lands, to be sold as the people demand
them for settlement. We want the proceeds
thereof to go into the public Treasury, and thus do
away the necessity of having a protective tariff,
or bring our tariff to a low standard. That is
what the people of this country want. The great
body of the American people want free trade.
They want the world as a market, in which to sell
the products of their soil.
Keep your public lands; let them be sold as the
wants of the people require, whether they be for-
eigners or citizens. I am glad to see the people
o! other countries who have no homes in the Old
World come and take possession of lands here
under the laws and Constitution of the country.
We have in our possession a vast public domain,
and I am glad to see them settle upon it, and
cultivate it. Justice is the parent, of peace, and
he that does not take care of his own household
is worse than an infidel.
We should first take care of our own people.
First of all we should take care of those patriotic
men who made this the " land of the free and the
home of the brave," and those who stood so gal -
hint I y bv the flag of the country in the second war
of independence—the war of 1813—some of whom
have never received an acre of land for their ser-
vices. There are instances were men who volun-
teered, or were drafted, marched to the rendez-
vous, entered into the service of their country,
actually engaged in service twenty-nine dnys, but
who have been excluded from any benefit under
