2028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July >31,
course proposed by the gentleman from Alabama
would not be in order.
Mr. HOTJSTON. Well, sir, then I will say,
that the Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend a concurrence in that amendment with an
amendment. I move to amend the Senate amend-
ment, in the four hundred and seventy-eighth
line, by striking out "$108,200," and ittserting
" $97,800," so that the item would read:
For compensation of the Commissioner of Pensions, and
the clerks and. four messengers m his office, $97,800.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
tol *
The amendment of the Senate, as amended, was
then concurred in.
Thirty-fifth amendment:
Strike out the following:
" .For engraving bounty land warrants, $5,000;
" For stationery, $2-,500;
" For binding hooks, $1,000;
- a por furniture, .ยง500;
u For miscellaneous items, $1,000.;" and in hetl thereof
insert the tallowing:
For engraving and printing bounty land certificates,
$5,001);
For stationery, $3,000;
For binding books, $2,000;
For furniture, $500;
For miscellaneous items, $5,000;
For compensation of laborers, $1,500.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in
the amendment:
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-sixth amendment:
Strike out the words : " For paper and printing for the
Department of the Interior, $8,000."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in
the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-seventh amendment:
For addinonal compensation for disbursing clerks and
superintendents of Executive Buildings, provided m the
third section ot the act of 3d March, 1853, entitled "An act
waiting appiopriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government tor the year ending the 30th of June,
1854," for the Department of the Interior, $600.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-eighth amendment:
In the following paragraph, after the word " thousand,"
insertfour hundred."
For compensation of four watchmen for the eastern
wing of the Patent Office, occupied by the Secretary of the
Interior, $2,000.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in
the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-ninth amendment:
For the annual compensation of a librarian, to be ap-
pointed by the Commissioner of Patents, the sum ol $1,600,
the amount now allowed by law to cletks of the third class,
to be paid out of the patent fund.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committeeof
Wayy and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fortieth amendment:
For the pmcha&e of books for the library of the Patent
Office, and for supplying a deficiency in former appropria-
tions, the .sum of $5,000, to be paid out of the patent fund.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. TheCommitteeof
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in
the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Forty-first amendment:
To reimburse the patent fund for expenses already in-
curred and paid for furnishing the nww wing of the Patent
Office building, the sum of $16,000 ot the appropriation
made by the act approved 31st of May, 1854, for furnishing
said wing, be, and the same is hereby, authorized to be
transferred by the. proper accounting officers of the Treas -
ury to the credit of the patent fund.
Mr. JONES. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in the amend-
ment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Forty-second amendment:
For the preservation of the collections of the Exploring
Expedition ;
For compensation of keepers, watchmen, and laborers.
$2,980;
For contingent expenses, $100.
Mr, JONES. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-third amendment:
For compensation of the Surveyor General of Washing-
ton Territory, and the clerks m Ins office, $7,500.
Mr. JONES. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in the amend"
ment.
The:amendment was concurred in.
Forty-fourth amendment:
Strike out the words;
" For compensation of the Supenntendent of the Public
Priming, and the clerks and messenger in hi& office,$6,595,"
and in heu thereof insert the following:
For compensation of the Superintendent of the Public
Printing, and the clerks and messenger in his office, $9,595:
Provided, That the joint resolution, approved the iJOth ot
July, 1854, shall be so construed a a to embmec the Super-
intendent of Public Printing, and the clerks and messenger
in his office.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means propose that the proviso in
the Senate amendment be stricken out, and that
then we concur in the amendment as amended.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, i hope the pro-
viso wiil not be stricken out. The messengers and
clerks m the office of the Superintendent of Public
Printing, as well as the Superintendent himself,
are employed for the purpose of executing the
work of the two Houses of Congress. They are
clearly legislative employees, and, as such, are as
much entitled to this extra compensation as any
of the other officers employed about this building,
i understand that a construction is put upon the
resolution passed July 20, by which they are de-
prived of the extra compensation allowed by that
resolution. It seems to me right and proper,
while the rest of the employees at both ends of
the Capitol shall receive extra compensation under
that resolution, that these gentlemen also should
receive it. i hope the House will not strike out
that proviso.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Superintend-
ent receives himself $2,000, arid his clerks, 1
believe, $1,500 each, i think that this compensa-
tion is amply sufficient for the Supenntendent and
his clerks.
Mr. STANTON. Almost every clerk in that
department has more duties to perform, and is
more constantly at work, than the clerks employed
by the two Houses of Congress.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Towers conducted his
business with two clerks; but now there are four
employed in this department. The clerks in the
State Department are excluded from the benefit of
any increased compensation, as well as the clerks
in the office of the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing. There are a great many clerks who do not
enjoy the benefit of this extra compensation. Our
object m recommending striking out a portion of
this amendment was to let this question.<?f in-
creased compensation rest at present, so that at
the next session we may take up this subject and
mature some proper system, which shall embrace
ail these cleiks.
Mr. STAN TON. I have only to say,in reply
to the gentleman, that the increase of business m
the office made it necessary to employ additional
clerks.
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN. I desire to make
an inquiry of the geritleman from Kentucky. I
understand that the law increasing the salaries of
the'clerks of both Houses of Congress has been so
construed as not to include the Superintendent of
the Public Printing, and the clerks employed in
his office. Now, I understand that the proviso
has been added here in the Senate amendment, for
the purpose of enabling them to receive additional
compensation as the other clerks receive it. The
duties of the Superintendent have increased m
proportion to the amount of increase in the public
printing.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the amend-
ment has been exhausted already, and no further
debate is in order.
Mr. JAMES C: ALLEN. I move, then, to
increase the amount of the appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no appropriation
provided for in the proviso.
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN. I move, then, to
strike out the words " clerks and messengers," for
the purpose of making a few remarks. 1 under-
stand that, the construction given to that law cuts
off the Superintendent of Public Printing and
his clerks employed in his office, from any addi-
tional compensation., If-it be right to increase the
compensation of the other clerks in the Capitol  
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 rise to aques-
tion of order. I understand that the, gentleman
from Illinois proposes to amend the amendment
submitted by the Committeeof Ways and Means.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the proposition.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then it is an amendment
in the third degree, and is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined to
concur iij the view of the question of order taken
by the gentleman from Georgia. Under the prac-
tice of the House, we have been in the habit of
treating the Senate's amendment as an amend-
ment, and it is only amendable in the second
degree. The Chair, therefore, thinks that the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois is not
in order.
Mr. PECKHAM. What does the Chair mean
by the " second degree ?"
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment to an
amendment is in the second degree.
Mr. PECKHAM. And was not the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois to amend the
amendment?
Th.e CHAIRMAN. Yes; and thatamendment
which the gentleman from Illinois proposes to
amend is itself an amendment to a pending amend-
ment. That makes it in the third degree, and is
not in order.
Mr. PECKHAM. Then no amendment can
be in ordej- here at all?
Mr. HENN. Has not the gentleman from
Illinois a right to perfect the original amendment?
The amendment of the Committee of Ways and
Means is a motion to strike out; and the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois is in order, as
it proposes to perfect the Senate's amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS. There is no doubt about
the question of order. The original question be-
fore the House is on agreeing to the Senate's
amendment. That is the question pending. The
Committee of Ways and Means proposes to
amend it. That is an amendment in the second
degree. The proposition of the gentleman from
Illinois now is to amend that proposed amend-
ment to the Senate's amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Yes; but the gentleman
from Georgia is aware that it is in order to perfect
the portion proposed to be stricken out before a
vote can be taken on the amendment to strike
out, the amendment to strike out being considered
as held in abeyance until the proposition to per-
fect is disposed of.
Mr. STEPHENS. The amendment of the
gentleman from Ilinois is nevertheless an amend-
ment m the third degree.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair, derived from the suggestion of the gentle-
man from Iowa, the amendment of the Committee
of Ways and Means to strike out cannot be en-
tertained until the part proposed to be stricken out-
is perfected; and it is this which the amendment
of the gentleman from Illinois proposes to do.
Mr. STEPHENS. That is the case when the
vote is on the original proposition; but v/hen it
involves an amendment in the third degree, it
cannot be entertained. And hence, when there is
an amendment in the second degree proposing to
strikeout, the question is first to be taken on it.
Otherwise we might multiply amendments to the
tenth or hundredth degree.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is in
order to amend any section proposed to be stricken'
out before the vote is taken on striking out; and
upon that ground the Chair will hold the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois in order.
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN. I was remarking,
when interrupted by-the question of order, that, as
I understand, the construction given to the reso-
lution raising the salary of the clerks of this House,
cuts off the Superintendent of Printing from the
benefits of that law. I presume that no member
will dispute the fact that the business of that offi-
cer has increased in quite as great a ratio as that
of other clerks about this establishment; and I
cannot, for the life of me, see why it is that you
ought to cut him off from the benefits of the reso-
lution increasing the salary of employees of the
House of Representatives. .
It does seem to me that this bill should be so
amended, that the Superintendent of the Public
