1170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
to justify ur in adjourning over; and on that
motion i ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, is it competent
for the gentleman from Tennessee to make that
motion after the call of the roll has commenced ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There has been
no response; and the Chair is of opinion that the
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee is m
order.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craige and
Campbell were appointed.
Mr. TWEED. Is it in order, Mr. Speaker,
to call for the yeas and nays on that'
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported fifty-five in the affirmative, (a sufficient
number.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 51, nays 80.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
now recurs on the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stuart] for a call of the House; and
on that motion the yeas and nays have been or-
dered.
PROPOSITION TO EXTEND DEBATE, AND TO
POSTPONE THE SPECIAL ORDER.
Mr. DEAN. Mr. Speaker, we have been now
in session about fifteen hours, and I think it is
time for us to adjourn. I therefore want my col-
league [Mr. Sage] to withdraw the objection
which he made this morning to the motion' of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] and
to ask that this debate may be extended until next
Thursday, and that the special order on the Pa-
cific railroad bill be postponed until the Monday
following.
[Objections, and cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Ulinios. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask the unanimous consent of the House for
leave to introduce certain bills, of which previous
notice has been given.
[Laughter, and objections from nil sides of the
Hall.]
The question recurring on the motion of the
gentleman fium Ohio, [Mr. Stuart,] for a call of
the House,
Mr. SAGE. I ask to be excused from voting
on that motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
declined once before to entertam that motion, on
the ground that the Speaker has decided it out of
order, and the House sustained him in that de-
cision.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I think there is
a mistake in that.
Mr. PECK, (at thirty-five minutes past two,
a. m.) I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. SAGE. And on that motion I ask the
yeas and nays.
Mr. WHEELER. And I ask tellers on or-
dering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pringle, and
Harris of Alabama, were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported forty-six in the affirmative.
So the yens and nays were ordered.
The Clerk commenced to call the roll—
Mr. RICHARDSON, (interrupting.) Mr.
Speaker 
The SPEAKER pi o tempore. The gentleman
from Illinois is not in order; the roll is being
called, and there has been a response.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I addressed the Chair
before the call vas commenced.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is true, the
gentleman from Illinois addiessed the Chair before
the call was commenced; but the Chair did not
recognize him until after he had heard a response.
Mr. RICHARDSON. No matter. I can make
the statement which I intended after the roll is
called.
Mr. DRUM. The gentleman from Illinois cer-
tainly did address the Chair before the calling of
the roil was begun.
Air. RICHARDSON, Itisof no consequence.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn; and it was decided in the negative—veas
65. nays 78.
So the House refused to adjourn.
PROPOSITION FOR COMPROMISE.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to say, with
the permission of the House, that the proposition
which has been made by thegentleman from New
York [Mr. Dean] to postpone the special order
on the Pacific railroad bill, and to terminate this
debate some time next week, meets—as I am ad-
vised—with no opposition from the friends of the
bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object, Mr. Speaker, to
that statement, for the reason that 
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. COBB, (m his seat.) Why, it was all fair;
what use in objecting now ? You cannot keep the
statement oif the reporter's notes.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I was refused, yesterday,
the privilege of saying a word when this matter
was up, and I shall not ask that privilege again;
but I simply enter now my protest against that
statement being allowed to be made.
Mr. COBB, (in his seat.) Oh, say on, whatever
yon want. We need some lively matter; some-
thing spicy. [Laughter.]
Mr. Campbell's remarks were objected to.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask the unanimousconsent
of the House to make a statement.
[Interruptions, and cries of " Order!"]
Mr. HUGHES. Inasmuch us the gentleman
from Illinois lias made a proposition on one side
of this question, it seems right to state the senti-
ment of the other.
[Objections, and cries of "Order!" and "Let
| him go on !"]
Mr. RICHARDSON. I made no proposition.
I said that I accepted the proposition which was
made on the other side by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Dean.]
Mr. HUGHES. I simply desire to say 
[Continued objections, and cries of "Order!"]
Mr. WHEELER. Well, I object now, in
advance, to all that comes from the other side.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
recurs on the motion of thegentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Stuart.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
there be a call of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is the ques-
tion which is pending.
Mr. WHEELER, (at ten minutes to three
o'clock, a. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion is
not now in order.
Mr. WHEELER. Then I move that when
this House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next; and on that motion I ask the yeas and
nays.
Mr. KERR. I demand tellers on ordering the
yeas and nays.
Tellers wei e ordered; and Messrs. Fenton, and
Smith of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was taken ; and the tellers reported
forty-seven m the affirmative, (a sufficient num-
ber.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Thequestion was then taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 50, nays 86.
So the motion to adjourn over was not agreed
to.
Mr. HUGH ES. I again, for just two minutes,
ask the unanimous consent of the House to make
a single suggestion.
Mr. WALSH. I object. Who wants to hear
the gentleman ?
Mr. KERR. Withdraw the objection. Hear
him.
[Cries of" Hear him !" and " I object!"]
Mr. HUGHES. I only ask a single moment.
[Criesof " Order!" " Order '"and " Hear him !"]
The SPEAKER pro tempo? e. Objection ismade,
and the gentleman cannot proceed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. (Three o'clock
and twenty minutes, a. m.) T rno"ve that the
House do now adjourn.
[Cries of " Yeas and nays !"]
Mr. HUGHES. I heaul no objection to my
proposition.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair heard
an objection very distinctly.
A Voice. I withdraw the objection.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
not heard the objection withdrawn by the gentle-
man fiom New York, [Mr. Walsh,] who made
it standing in his place. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Wash-
burn;] and upon that motion the yeas and nays
are demanded.
Mr. BRi DGES. I ask for tellers upon the call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. STRATTON. f would inquire of the
Chair if it is in order to take a recess until nine
o'clock in the morning5
Mr. COBB, (in his seat.) Oh, no; we do not
want a recess.
Mr. STRATTON. I think we ought to take
a recess.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
upon the motion of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Washburn,] that the House do now ad-
journ.
Mr. PRINGLE. I would inquire of the Chair,
if the House should now agree to adjourn, to
what time would the House be adjourned, it being
now three o'clock in the morning?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sup-
poses it would be adjourned until the next twelve
o'clock; but the Chair will decide that question
when the House next meets. [Laughter.]
Mr. PHELPS. I call for tellers upon the de-
mand for the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis, of
Rhode Island, and Jones, of Louisiana, were
appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 49 
[Cries " Give it up !5' " Give it up!"]
Mr. WHEELER. I do not give it up. Count
the other side.
[Cries of " Order!" " Order !"]
Mr. WHEELER. Count the other side.
Mr. TWEED here made a remark inaudible to
the reporter.
Mr. WHEELER. I am not talking to thegen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Tweed,] but to the
Chair.
[Cries of " Order!" " Order !"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The tellers report
forty-nine in the affirmative, a sufficient number,
and the yeas and nays are ordered.
The question was then put, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 57, nays 74.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HUGHES. It is .some time since we
have had a call of the House, and I now move
that there be a call.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is the mo-
tion now pending.
Mr. BRIDGES. I call for tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The yeas and
nays have already been ordered.
The question was then taken; and was decided
in the negative—yeas 55, nays 74.
So the House refused to order a call.
Pending the call of the yeas and nays,
Mr. FLORENCE requested his name to be re-
corded, as he was asleep when his name was called.
After the call,
Mr. CULLOM said: I rise to a question of
order. It is this: The gentleman over the way
[Mr. Florence] notified the Speaker that when
his name was called he was asleep. I raise the
question that the gentleman, being asleep, has no
right to have his name recorded.
Mr FLORENCE. I submit to the Speaker,
that I awoke before the next name was called.
[Pcoars of laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the question of order raised by thegentleman
from Tennessee.
Mr. GOODRICH. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair upon the question raised by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
is not in oider. The question recurs upon the
motion to excuse the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Washburn] from voting upon the motion of the
gentleman fiom Massachusetts to lay upon the
table the resolution of the gentleman from Illinois;
and upon that question the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. MEACHAM. I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Saturday
next; and upon that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
[Cries of " Tellers !" " Tellers !"]
Telle! s were oidered; and Messrs. Kittredge
and Churchwell appointed.
