460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
the ceiebj ated law of September 28, 1850. Pay
your debts with your public lands. You owe a
debt of honor to the old soldiers. Pay it with the
public lands, so far as they can liquidate any por-
tion of it. First and foremost, above all things
connected with the public lands, I hold that the
soldiers of the war of 1812 should be paid. You
give the soldier who served thirty days in the
war of.1812 forty acres of land, while you give a
man who served in the Mexican war less than a
month, if he was honorably discharged,one hun-
dred and sixty acres. When the country becomes
powerful, and is abundantly supplied with muni-
tions of war to fight a half-civihzed puny race of
men, you give those soldiers who served less than
a month one hundred and sixty acres of land,
while those who served in the war of 1812, when
the country was weak and feeble, and when we
•were contending with a great and powerful nation,
that prided itself upon being mistress of the seas,
you give but forty acres of land. Proposition af-
ter proposition have been before different commit-
tees of this House, and have been introduced into
the House, for the relief of these men; but they
have found but few friends.
I have been a silent member of the House, yet
a constant observer, and I find that the great idea
now is, that all the various railroad bills and the
homestead Buncombe bills are included under one
general arrangement, by which if you tickle me 1
will agree to lickle you. I have seen enough to
know that some of the great railroad interests of
this country have the Legislatures of several of
our sovereign States almost m their breeches pock-
ets. 1 hope such is not the case in this House,
and that no extraneous, outside influences of this
character have been brought to bear upon us here;
but that we will legislate upon this matter of the
public lands as becomes American statesmen.
Your public lands should be held sacred.
Gentlemen argue, that by giving railroads al-
ternate sections of land they increase the value of
the lands remaining unsold, and that the Govern-
ment does not lose anything by the operation.
I hold that all theiailrouds which it is necessary
to have built—all the great lines of railroad—will
be built by private enterprise. If I am correct in
making this assertion, then let these private com-
panies go on and build their railroads, and let the
Government sell all their lands at $2 50 an acre;
or, in other words, if it is to be a speculation upon
the part of the Government—if the Government
is to make money by giving away one half the
land, and selling the other half at $2 50 per acre—
if these railroads are worth so much, it would be
better for the Government to build the roads out
of its own funds, and then sell all the lands for
50 per acre.
But, sir, it is not the policy of this country to
put the price of our public lands at $2 50 per ncre.
A humane and generous policy has always char-
acterized the course of this Government with ref-
erence to the disposition of the public domain. It
has been our policy to give these lands to poor
people cheop. A dollar and a quarter an acre is a
low price, and with that price the settler is content.
Your preemption laws have been dictated by a
humane policy. Under them the poor man who
takes possession of a quarter section of land m the
deep wilds of the far West,and has not the money
to pay for it, is protected m his right to the title,
and time is given him to make the money from the
proceeds of his farm. This is the true policy of
Government, and to change it is, in my opinion,
wrong.
If you pass this homestead bill, and give a por-
tion of your |>ubhc domain away to settlers, and
the balance to the various railroads, reserving a
little for the great Pacific, in a short time you will
find that you have killed the goose that laid the
golden p'j-g. It will all be gone.
Gentlemen talk about keening this land out of
the hands of speculators. Why, sir, that is out
of the question. Humane as it may be to give
the poor man this Umd, yet if you compel him to
live upon it five years, no Georgian would thank
you for the gift. No, sir, they are too proud—too
high-spirited to accept the gift with any  such re-
servation or restriction. If you will give it to him
without condition, he will be obliged to you for
if, and will accept it, provided all ins countrymen
shore alike with him; but no true American riti-
would thank you for the gift of one hundred
&nd sixty acres of wild land, if you had dictated
to him terms by which you would compel him to
live upon it for five years. By the terms of this
bill, if the settler absents himself for six months,
on account of sickness, or from any cause, he loses
his right to the land.
Sir, this bill'is wrong in principle. The Con-
stitution of the United States does not authorize
Congress so to dispose of the public lands. Con-
gress may, and it is its duty, to dispose of the
public lands, but it must do so in an impartial
manner. We are all interested in their disposi-
tion. The people of every State, from Maine to
Georgia, from California to Virginia, are all
equally interested. The sovereign States of this
Union are, each and every one of them, interested
in this matter.
1 am willing to make some alterations in our
present laws. This bill, even, might be so per-
fected, and put in such a shape as to meet my ap-
probation; but 1 have no expectation that such
changes will be made as will induce me to vote
for it.
I may vote for giving these lands for the con-
struction of the seveial railroads for which they
are asked, but before I shall do so, there must be
something done to make the benefit applicable to
all sections of the country. There must be some
compromise made. Compromises have come to
be very fashionable at this day; I am not, how-
ever, much of a compromise man. I believe in
j administering the Government according to the
' plain letter and intent of the Constitution. But
: if compromises are to be made, I ask for such a
i compromise in reference to these lands as will
; give the old States a fair share to divide a portion
i of this common property of us all. Let those
| gentlemen, therefore, who want the votes of the
Georgia delegation for this measure—I am not au-
thorized to speak for the whole State of Georgia,
but I may speak for the people 1 represent, and I
think in this matter I speak the sentiments of a
large majority of the people of the whole State—
< 1 say, let those gentlemen prepare a plan by which
' the old States, and the citizens of rhe old States,
J may be benefited as well as the new States, if they
i wish to get our votes. It is impossible for me
to recollect the precise amount, but a very large
amount of land—a hundred and thirty millions of
acres perhaps—has already been given away to
about fourteen of the States of this Union. A
large amount of land has thus bee.: iisposed of.
1 wish it to be distinctly understood, that 1 never
will vote a single dollar for the construction of a
Pacific railroad; nor do I believe that any States-
right man can vote a single dollar out of the pub-
lic Treasuiy for that purpose. It is not the policy
of this Government to own a railroad, and we
have no right to take the people's money to build
, a railroad. You may argue that it is a national
work; I assert that it is sectional; for wherever
I you buiid the road the people of that section will
I derive the main benefit from it, and the balance of
the country will receive no direct benefit. I repeat,
that it is not the policy of this Government to
build a Pacific railroad. It is the policy of this
Government to survey the routes and mountain
passes, and to open all possible avenues to our en-
terprising citizens. It is the policy of this Gov-
ernment to encourage manufactures and commerce.
But it is the duty of this Government, in dealing
out the public domain, to do it upon principles of
stern justice and equality. Sir, let this homestead
bili be changed. Let the representatives of those
States that want land for railroad purposes come
to those of us from the old States, and make a
fair proposition to us. Much as I have been op-
posed to the distribution of the proceeds of the
public hinds, yet if they are to be disposed of in
that way, [ desire to have them divided upon prin-
ciples of justice and equality. lam opposed to
all these measures; but lam in favor of an amend-
ment of the bounty land law of September 28,
1850; and I give notice to the House that I shall
i myself introduce such an amendment, unless I
! see one that suits me introduced by some other
i gentleman. I have known claims which called
! aloud for justice stifled in committees.
| There are the-soldiers of the war of 1790, who
i fought our Indian foes; and there are the soldiers
| of the wars of 1835, and '36, nil of whom ought to
:; be provided for.
II I speak now of the volunteers, of the men who
|| have doners we Georgians used to do; we used
II to work eight days while our neighbors fought.
and then fight eight days while our neighbors
worked. Sir, the people that I represent were
rocked in the cradle of war. The people of Geor-
gia, and South Carolina, and Tennessee had for
years to defend our frontier against a hostile foe.
Not a regular soldier ever made a track on our
soil, unless it was when President Adams sent
General Gaines with his regiment to awe the Geor-
gians into submission on account of some treaty
difficulties; and if he had not left the State quietly
and quick, he would have been eaten up for a
breakfast spell. [Laughter.] Sir, we complain
of the injustice that is done us by thi3 scramble to
divide the public lands between a few States and
incorporated companies. An aristocracy of wealth
will be built up in this country fast enough, with-
out any aid from the Government.
In this view, I will candidly acknowledge that
the homestead bill has moie merit about it than
the railroad bills. But there is too much Bun-
combe about ii,and too little justice and equality.
The bill as it now stands encourages idleness. It
proposes to give lands to those who are too lazy
to work; and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Dawson] seems to be well aware of that, for
he would compel them to live five years on the
land before he would grant them the fee-simple to
it. They are placed in a situation where they are
compelled to work or die. So little confidence
is placed in their virtue, intelligence, and patriot-
ism that it is proposed the Government shall be
their express guardian for five years.
Mr. Chairman, the remarks which I have made
have been very desultory. I am not accustomed
to public speaking. I am nothing but a plain
farmer, and have never been educated for a pub-
lic speaker. 1 am not one who could be expected
to tread the flowery paths of eloquence. When 1
rose I expected to make a few remarks only. I
would not have attempted it, but that I wanted,
so far as Georgia was concerned, to let it be un-
derstood there was one man here who opposed
this measure, and who believed he did so with the
approbation of his constituents. I am, and always
have been, a railroad man. I have shown that
by my words and deeds. I have encouraged the
building of railroads in my own State. I have
contributed from my own pocket for the survey
of routes for roads, and have even gone as a pio
neer into the wilderness; but I do not own one
dollar's worth of railroad stock, and never expect
to. I am glad to see railroads building. I look
on them as a bond of Union between these States.
They bring the men of the North and the South,
the East and the West, into contact. By their
means the men of the West are brought with dis-
patch to the sea-board.
Georgia has extended her railroads from the
sea-board to the valleys of the West. Her roads
are now to be put in connection with the valley of
the Mississippi, with all the enterprises of the
Northwest, and with the roads to be built to the
! Pacific ocean. I am in favor of seeing a road
| built from the Mississippi valley to the Pacific
[ ocean by private enterprise, and I believe that it
I will be built. Such is the spirit of the age that you
could not prevent it if you would, and ""you ought
, not to prevent it if you could. You ought to give
J the right of way. Give all the aid and comfort
you can; but give no money and no land. Let it
be built on its own merits. Let those who take
it in hand do as men do in other enterprises—let
them employ their own capital. That is my doc-
trine. Very soon our Georgia roads will be ex-
tended through Alabama and Tennessee, and put
in connection with Kentucky and Ohio. Very
; soon, indeed, wfe shall be able to go from the cities
of my State to Chicago and the far distant West
| in forty-eight or fifty hours, i am glad to see
; it. You cannot check the spirit of the age, and
i you ought not to do it if you could.
It is our duty to legislate in a just and equal man-
! ner. I desire that the public land shall be dis-
, posed of as it has been in bygone days. First and
, foremost I want to see every soldier who has a
just claim on his country paid in land. Nothing
is more gratifying to a man that has stood by his
: country's flag-, than to know that he has served
a country willing to give him a homestead. Land
is more properly given to a soldier than money.
If I had my way, I would go to your pension office
and strike out all pensions requiring payment in
money, and substitute payment in land. I would
give these soldiers as much of the public land as
