1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
The House was then divided;and the tellers re-
ported thirty-nine in the affirmative, (a sufficient
number.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to adjourn over; and decided in the negative—
yeas 65, nays 79.
So the House refused to adjourn over to Satur-
day.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion to excuse the gentleman from
Maine from voting upon the motion of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] to lay upon
the table the resolution offered by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.]
Mr. BENSON, (at half past four, a. m.) I
move that the House do now adjourn; and upon
that motion I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. KERR. I demand tellers upon ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs, Wheeler
and Greenwood appointed.
The House was then divided upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and the tellers reported forty-nine
in the affirmative, (a sufficient number.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken upon Mr. Benson's
motion; and decided in the negative—yeas 61,
nays 72.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. STUART. I move a call of the House;
and upon that motion I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. KERR. I demand tellers upon ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Henn appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
forty-seven in the affirmative, (a sufficient num-
ber.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAGE, (at a quarter before five o'clock, a.
m.) I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
Mr. OLDS. I rise to a question of order. I
notice gentlemen sitting in the Hall, and passing
between the tellers with their hats on. 1 call for
the enforcement of the 39th rule, which is as fol-
lows:
" While the Speaker is putting any question, oraddress-
ing the House, none *>halt walkoutot'or across the House;
nor in such case, or when a member is speaking, shall en-
tertain private difecouise, nor, while a member i?> j^peakmg,
(Shall pass between him and the Chair. Every person ««hall
remain uncovered during the session of the House. No
member or other pet on shall visit or remain by the Clerk's
table while the yeas and nays are calling, or bailou are
counting.''
Mr. WHEELER. I demand the yeas and
nays on the enforcement of the 39th rule. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I am decidedly in
favor of the enforcement of that rule.
The SPEAKER. It is not a question upon
which any motion can be made, or any vote ta-
ken. It is not in order for gentlemen to come into
the EIa.II with their heads covered while the House
is in session. The rule expressly forbids it. The
Chair trusts gentlemen will observe the rule. The
question is upon the motion that there be a call
of the House, upon which the yeas and nays
have been demanded.
Mr. GROW. I demand tellers upon ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Preston appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers report-
ed, forty-five in the affirmative.
While the House was dividing,
Mr. CUM'MING said: I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. There can be no question of
order while the House is dividing.
Mr. CUMMINGf. It is with reference to the
division that I rise. I want to know how long a
time is to be allowed for gentlemen to pass be-
tween the tellers? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. WHEELER. There is evidently no quo-
rum present. 1 move that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. SAGE. Upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from New Yoi k is notin order, for more than one
reason. In the first place, a motion to adjourn is
pending, which would cut off the gentleman's mo-
tion ; and in the second place, a motion for a call of
the House is already pending.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to aqnestionof privilege.
I move that a copy of the rules be presented to
the gentleman from New York, in order to save
him the trouble of making all these motions out of
order. [Laughter.]
Mr. WHEELER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri need not trbuble himself about the gentleman
from New York. The gentleman from New York
is competent to take care of himself now, and at
all times.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a question of order.
As the motion of the gentleman from Missouri in-
volves an expenditure of money, I submit that it
must be first considered in the Committee of the
Whole. [Renewed laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is out of or-
der.
The question was taken upon the motion to ad-
journ; and decided in the negative—yeas 58, nays
72.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. McCULLOCH. I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on the first day
of December next.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
Mr. HUGHES. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet, on Monday next.
'The SPEAKER. Thatmotion is not in order,
it having been just decided by the House.
Mr. WHEELER. The motion just taken was
to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is very well aware
of that fact; but it is not in order to make the mo-
tion over and over again, with the simple motion
to adjourn intervening.
Mr. WHEELER, I move, then, that there be
a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. That motion is already pend-
ing, and the yeas and nays have been ordered upon
it.
The question was then taken on the motion that
there be a call of the House; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 21.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the Houseordered that there should
be a call of the House; demand the yeas and nays,
and on ordering the yeas and nays demand tellers.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides the mo-
tion to be out of order.
Mr. WHEELER. Is a motion to adjourn in
o rd er ?
The SPEAKER. Being of that character of
motions, it may be repeated; it is evidently out of
order in the spirit of the rule.
. Mr. ORR. I will make a suggestion. After the
House has ordered a call of the House, is it in
order to move that the House adjourn?
The SPEAK ER. The Chair has made no such
decision, and will make none such.
Mr. WHEELER. I did not make the motion
to adjourn. I only asked the Chair whether it
was in order.
The roll was then called, and one hundred and
thirty members answered to their names.
The listof absentees was then called.
The SPEAKER. The officers of the House
will now close the doors.
The doors were closed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
[Cries of « No!"]
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes! Yes ! gentleman; and,
further, I demand the yeas and nays on that mo-
tion.
Mr. BRIDGES. And I demand tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Lilly and
Bugg were appointed.
The House was then divided, and the yeas and
nays were ordered, the tellers having reported—
ayes forty-three, more than one fifth of a quorum,
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 39, nays 75.
Mr. R1TCHEY, of Ohio. I move that we
take a recess until twelve o'clock this morning.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
Mr. McCULLOCH. There is no quorum
present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is.awase of that
fact; but fifteen members can order a call of
House. .• ; • ; ;
The list of absentees will now be called for ex-
cuses. '
The Clerk proceeded to call the list of absentees,
with the view to excuses. ' . *
William Aiken. - *"
Mr. KERR. I simply rise, Mr. Speaker, to.
make an inquiry for the purpose of information.
I submit whether the proper course is not, when
the name of an absentee is called, and no excuse -is
rendered, to send the Sergeant-at-Arms tor bring
him in ? ,
The SPEAKER. During my service irere.it
has been the usual practice to call through the eVi-
tire list and hear excuses. Then the Sargeant-afc-
Arms was by a general order compelled to bring
the absent members into the House, if it be the
pleasure of the House to make a special order, the
Chair sees no reason why it may not do it.
(Cries of "No special order!". " General
order! "J
Mr. WHEELER. I object to a general order;
I want special orders.
Mr. KERR. Is it necessary that a motion
should be made for special order?
The SPEAKER. It is necessary to have an
order of the House. <
Mr. KERR. 1 move that the S'ergearU-aVArms
bring Mr. Aiken here.
Mr. PURYEAR. I hope that there'will be no
special order. It would be an endless work to get
absent members present, if a special order was
made for each. I trust that the course suggested
by the Chair will be adopted.
Mr. STRAUB. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina is upon the floor to a question of order."
Mr. PURYEAR. I move a general order. I
move that the list of absentees be called through
for excuses, and that, when through, those for
whom no excuse has been offered be sent for
under a general order to the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There is no objection
to that.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would most
respectfully put an inquiry to the Chair. -
ThfirSPEAKER. The gentleman from Nwth
Carolina is upon the floor to a question of order.
The (Shair has stated,' in reference to the. power
of the House to send forindividuai members, that
it is very clear, while the practice has been other-
wise. The uniform practice heretofore has been
to hear excuses, and then make a general order
in reference to those absentees for whom no ex-
cuse was offered. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Purvejir] moves that there be a
general order to compel" the attendance of absen-
tees without hearing excuses at all. • -
Mr. PURYEAR. No, sir; the Chair misun-
derstands me. I intended to suggest that those
for whom no excuse has been offered be sent for
by general order of the House.
The SPEAKER. That is tlje old practice.
The Chair misunderstood the g^Ueman. The
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Kerr]
moves that the Sergeant-at-Arms compel the at-
tendance of Mr Ashe. The usual order is, that
the Sergeant-at-Arms take him into custody,-and
bring him to the bar of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion. ■ =
Mr. CASKIE. I have a suggestion to make
to my friend from North Carolina, and that is
that he.withdraw his proposition for the present.
Let us wait until we can see whether those with
whom we have been contending during the night
intend calling the yeas and nays on every propo-
sition to excuse men whom everybody is willing
to excuse. Then 
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am reluctant to call my
friend from Virginia to order.
The SPEAKER. This debate is irregular, and
out of order.
Mr. KERR. My habit is to act in concert
with those who are engaged in the same cause
with myself. I withdraw the motion which I
submitted, at the suggestion of the gentleman
from Virginia.
William Appleton.
Mr. DRUM. On a call of the Hobse, yester-
day, Mr. Appleton was stated to be absent from
his seat in the House, on account of severe sick-
