1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2029
Printing shall be permitted to take the increased
salary, which I have no doubt was intended to be
given to h>m, at the time of the passage of that
act; and from the receipt of which he has been
excluded, by the fact that he holds his appoint-
ment from the President of the United States, and
is not an employee or appointee of this House.
It seems to me that the amendment of the
committee ought not to prevail. If there has
been an increase of salary to other officers, and
to the Clerk of the House of Representatives, the
same reason which induced that increase, it seems
to me, ought to apply to the Superintendent; for it
is known, as I before remarked, that his business
has increased in quite as great a proportion as
that of the clerks about the Departments and of
this House
Mr. MURRAY. I am opposed to striking out
this proviso, and I wish to say only a word upon
it. All the clerks about the Capitol have had
their pay increased, with the exception of the Su-
perintendent of the Public Printing, and the clerks
in his office. I do not know of any reason why.
other clerks should bs allowed an extra compen-
sation, and the Superintendent and his clerks ex-
cluded. They should all be placed upon the same
footing, and I am therefore in favor of the amend-
ment passed by the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to ask
the gentleman from New York a question, arid
that is, if he does not think that the Superintend-
ent and his clerks now receive a sufficient com-
pensation ?
Mr. MURRAY. I was opposed'to the increase
of the compensation of any of the employees
about the Capitol; but as the House has seen fit
to increase the compensation of others, I see no
reason why these should not be included,and their
compensation increased also.
Mr. JONES. But does not the gentleman
think that they now get enough under the law as
it is?
Mr. MURRAY. I will be perfectly frank with
the gentleman, I think they all get enough. I
voted aff^inst the increase of compensation; but
as the House saw fit to do it, I think these gen-
tlemen have eoxual claims to it.
The question was taken upon Mr. Allen's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurring on agreeing to the
proposition to strike out the proviso of the forty-
fourth amendment,
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Gumming
and Chamberlain were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 73, noes 62.
So the proviso was stricken out.
The question-then recurred upon the amendment
of the Senate, as amended; and being taken, was
decided m the affirmative.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Forty-fifth amendment:
In rhe five handled and eislity-third line strike out
".5:20.750," and m^eit " so that the item, as
amended,' would read :
For compensation of the Secretary of War, and the
clerks,'ttiesaiesiger, and assistant messenger in his office,
-322,650.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a disagreement
to that amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-sixth amendment:
In the five hundred and ninety-third line strike out
"£11,600," and insert "§14,750," so ihat the item, as
amended, would read ■
For compensation of the clerk* and messenger in the
office o! tin1 Adjutant Geiie.al, $14,750.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a disagreement
to that amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-seventh amendment;
In hue hundred and one strike out u $14,001)," and
insert no that the amendment, as amended,
would rend:
For compensation of the cl^rk5? and messenger m the
office of the Qmutermii.-ter General, $16,350.
Mr. JOXES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a disagreement
to that amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-eighth amendment:
fn line six hundred and fourteen strike out £< £>10,900," i
and insertu $12,350," to that the clause, as amended, would !
read: j
For compensation of clerks and messenger in the office !
of the Paymaster General, 1*2,350. s
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee of |
Ways and Means recommend a disagreement to 1
that amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-ninth amendment:
In line six hundred and seventeen strike out" ~'S,00%"
and insert "$9,350," fco ihat the clause, as amended, would
read:
For compensation of the clerk' and messengers in the
office ot the (Jotnrmssary General of Subsistence, 09,350.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a disagreement
to that amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fiftieth amendment:
In the following paragraph strike out " $7,400," and in-
sert in Heu thereof "$$, 150:"
For compensation ot the clerks and messenger in the
ofiice of the Chief Engineer, $7,41)0.
Mr. JOJN*ES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur- ;
rencein the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifty-first amendment:
From the following paragmph stiike out " .$4,400," and i
in lieu thereof insert " •?,>.750 ' j
For compensation of the clerks and messenger in the
office of the Suigeon General, $4,400.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifty-second amendment:
From the following paragraph stiike out "$5,600," and in
lieu thereof mseit *' ,>y.95' :"
For compensation of the cletks and messenger in the of-
fice of the Colonel of Topographical Eugineeis, &5,600.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
m the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifty-third amendment:
From the following paragraph strike out "$10,400," and
insert in heu Mereot " .^12,150
For compensation ot (lie eierk^ and messenger in the of-
fice of the Colonel of Ordnance $10,400. j j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifty-fourth amendment:
Stuke our the following paragraph :
For printing and papei for the War Department, $2,400.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in
the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifty-fifth amendment:
For additional compensation for disbursing clerk and
supeiintendenf of Executive Building, provided m the third
section of the act ot the 3d of March, 1853, entitled " An
act making appropitations for the civii and diplomatic ex-
penses ot Government, for the ya.u ending the 30th of
1 June, lfco4," for the War Depariaieui, $200. '
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee of '
, Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence. ,
i The amendment was non-concurred in, ,
, Fifty-sixth amendment: !
j In the following paragraph, after the woid u thousand," ,
1 insert the word> " tour hundred
j For compensation of four watchmen of the northwest >
> Executive Building, $2,000.
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee of
j Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in
the amendment.
The amendment was concuried in. ;
Fifty-seventh amendment: :
Fiorn the following clause strike out ",$21,875
j For compensation of supciinrendent arid four watch- .
men of the building corner of F and Seventeenth streets, !
#^50: I
For icnt of house on northwest corner of F and Seven- 1
tecnth s-tieets, or such otner building as the Seeietarv of
: War may select, and warming all the room- m it, ,$-21,K75; i
For compensation of superintendent and four watch- ,
men of the'tuuldina comer of F and Seventeenth streets, j
§•2.250, and m heu thereof insert the words :
Thnty-two thousand tluee hundred and seventy five ,
' dollars ; and the sVcietary ot War is hereby authorized to
lea^e vn'id building, or souie oili<n,l'oi a term not exceeding
five \ ear*, at the rent herein authoiized. if, in his judgment, 1
' the same shall he for the public interest. |
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee !
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence m the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. That amendment' is disa-
greed to by the Committee of Ways and Means;
and I desire to call the attention of the committee
to it, for a purpose which I will now state. -It
proposes to increase the rent of the Winder
building to $30,000 per annum. Mr. Winder has
given the Secretary of War notice to abandon the
building, or agree to pay $30,000 rent per annum
for five years. I wish to suggest whether it would
not be better for us to amend the Senate's amend-
ment by offering to purchase the building at
$200,000, which was the proposition at the last
session of Congress.
[Cries of il Yes!" and "No!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I havfc-no feeling about the
matter; but it is evident that the Department will
have to abandon the budding;, or take a five years'
lease at $30,000 per annum.
Mr.CHANDLER. I would ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means-whether
he understands the proprietor of the building will
take $200,000 for it?
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 do not know. He offered
to take that amount at the last Congress.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I move to-add the
following' words:
And that the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, an*
thonzed, if, in Ins opinion, the interest of the United States
wo.iId be promoted by the purchase of the b'mtdihg owned
by Wiiham H. Winder, and now rented by the Government,
stunted at the corner of Seventeenth apd F street?, in the
city of Washington, to purchase the same at a valuation to
he made by disinterested parties, mutually rho.-en by the
Secietary of War and the proprietor, the amount of the val-
uation, so to be ascertained, to be paid by him out of any
muney m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that he had belter propose his
amendment as a substitute for that of the Senate;
Let it come m immediately after the appropriation
m the original text of the bill, because if the Sen-
ate amendment should be voted down, then the
amendment of the gentleman will go with it.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I would inquire
whether, if rny amendment be rejected, I could
olfer it then by proposing to strike out the Senate
amendment, and insert mine in heu of it?
TheCHAIRVfAN. it will be in order to move
to strike out and insert.
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 oflerit as an additional sec-
tion. In the early part of this session, the sub-
ject of purchasing or renting Winder's building
was discussed in the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, of whw,h I am a memher, and
the matter underwent a thorough examination by
them This building; has been m the occupancy
of the Government for many years, at a rent of
#21,800. Reports of committees of the House in
former Congresses were examined,'and particu*
larly that made by my friend from-Kentucky,
[Mr. Stanton-,j in the last Congress, which 1 now
hold in my hands. It was recommended by the
Committee" on Public Buildings and Grounds that
this building should be purchased at-the sum of
$250,000. Mr. Winder asked $300,0011, and -a
committee of this House two years ago proposed
to give htm $250,000 rather than rent it at $21,000
and upwards a year. 3t will be recollected by
gentlemen who were members of the last Congress
that the Committee of Ways and Means pro-
! posed—I think my friend from Tennessee [Mr.
\ Jones] suggested it—that we should buy it at
, $200,000, if Mr. Winder would agree to that price,
! and that we came within a few votes of assenting
i to the proposition. Mr. Winder stated to the
! Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds that
j he would agree to take that sum under protest as
j being less than the building cost him; but he was
i willing to take it in order to save other property
j being sacrificed.
I 1 think, without pretending to be a judge of the
! value of this property, although 1 havp examined
! this subject carefully, that the Committee on Pub-
i he Buildings and Grounds have made a proposi-
I Hon to the House which is a fair and jo3? one to
1 all parties. What is it? It is the amendment I
! send to the Chair, that the Secretary of War be
! authorized, if, in his opinion, it is necessary for
| the public interests, to buy this building at a valu-
i ation to be made by parties mutually chosen. I
: do not know what the building is worth. Mr.
: Winder says it cost him $250,000, but is willing,
as an honest and fair man, to abide by such a vai-
