2080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
uation. The building is absolutely necessary-for
the public convenience, and I think we ought to
agree to this valuation. 11 I wished to Bell a farm,
I should be perfectly willing to have a valuation
made under such circumstances as is proposed
here. In my opinion, it is the best mode of pro-
curing the building. If you say,as the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. HoosTosJ proposes, that you
will buy the building for #200,000, will Mr. Win-
der take it? Will you say that you will retain
the building and not pay the rent ?. It is, out of our
power, because Mr. Winder gave legal notice
last December that he must have $30,000 instead
of $21,000, in order t& pay his taxes, insurance,
and have a reasonable return for his outlay of
capital. The building was put up at the request of
the Government, They have occupied it for a long
series of years. But they have not paid $20,000
a year for it during the whole time. For a part
of the time, when the building was unfinished,
the proprietor received only from $9,000 to $10,000
for it. In my humble judgment, and in the judg-
ment of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, the best policy for this House to pursue,
is to authorize the purchase of the building in
question, rather than to pay $30,000 a year rent
for it. And, for one, I am perfectly willing that
the Secretary, of War be authorized to purchase it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I am opposed
to' the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Taylor.] I am opposed to the purchase of
the building on the plans suggested. At the last
Congress, I thought it would be much better for
the Government to buy this building for $200,000.
But that has not been done. Congress refused to
buy it. I have no doubt myself that the building
cost more than $200,000. I have no doubt of
the correctness of the statement made by Mr.
Winder, at the last Congress. He was willing
then to take $200,000; but 1 know not whether he
is willing to take it now. My opinion is that it is
worth more than $200,000. He has since given
notice to the Government that the rent will be
increased. I ask the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, if he has had a communi-
cation from the Secretary of War on the subject?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes; 1 have had a commu-
nication recommending the purchase of the build-
ing-
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to have that com-
munication read. I wish the committee to be
informed of the state of the case, as laid dowtvin
the letter of the Secretary of War.
Mr. HOUSTON. The communication in ques-
tion is down in the committee room, but 1 wilt
send for it. The Secretary of War states the facts
to be-—• , ,,.
Mr. STEPHENS, (interrupting.) I know what
the facts are, but I wish the communication to be
read to the committee.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I have a letter from
the Secretary of War on the subject, if the gen-
tleman from Georgia desires to have it - read. It
is to the effect that it is better for the Government
to buy the building at $250,000 than to pay
$30,000 per year rent; for it.
, Mr. STEPHENS. That is a fact which we
all know. What I want to have read is a com-
munication from the Secretary of War to the
chairman of the Committeeof Ways and Means,
stating that he thinks that this rent is a moderate
rent; but that his opinion is, that Government had
better buy the building than pay this rent for it.
That is the opinion of the Secretary of War.
The Government has got no other place for the
transaction of the business to which this building
is applied.
Now, sir, I know no better thing for the House
to do than to concur in the Snate's amendment;
and at the next session of Congress, if we can
adopt some plan by which the building can be
purchased, why let us adopt it. But for the
time being we must pay the rent. I thought that
the action of the House last session was wrong,
and i think so yet.
Mr. McNAIR. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Georgia at what time does the lease close?
Mr. STEPHENS. The lease was for five
years.
Mr. McNAIR. But how long is it from this
time ?
Mr. STEPHENS. The present lease has
closed on the 1st of July. Before the expiration
of the lease—six months ago—a notice was served
July 31,
on the Government, as you will see from the letter
of the Secretary of War, that the rent would be
increased. So that the Government now has got
to pay the increased rent, or leave* There is no
existing; leaseatall. And,asl remarked a moment
ago, it is better for us to concur in the Senate's
amendment; and next winter, if we can make any
terms with Mr. Winder for the purchase of the
building, let us do it. I hope, therefore, that the
committee will concur in the amendment of the
Senate,
Mr. GOODE. The gentleman from Georgia
proposes that we make a temporary arrangement,
and then arrange the matter next session, while
the landlord at this very time is insisting upon a
general arrangement for five years. I am willing
to consent to the purchase now, if gentlemen who
have examined the matter are willing that it should
be done.
Mr. STEPHENS. According to my sugges-
tion, between this and the next session of Con-
gress, the Secretary of War and Mr. Winder can
make any arrangement they can agree upon, and
communicate that agreement tothe House. In
the mean time, by a temporary arrangement, we
can go on and use the building as we now are
doing.
Mr. SAGE. Would it be in order to make a
suggestion to the gentleman from Ohio. I desire
that he should add to his amendment the words
" at a sum not exceeding $225,000."
Mr. TAYLOR. I cannot modify my amend-
ment.
Mr. WALSH. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, by adding after
the word valuation the words <( two hundred thou-
sand dollars."
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not in
order now.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask that the
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, which
1 requested from the gentleman from Alabama,
may be now read.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is in order until the pending amendment is dis-
posed of. If there is no objection, the letter will
be read.
Mr. ROWE. I object.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Tay-
lor's amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CRAIGE. I now move to amend the
amendment by inserting the following words:
Provided, That the Secretary of War may purchase the
said building lor a sum not exceeding $200,000.
I offer the amendment in consequence of a con-
versation I had with Mr. Winder at, or near the
commencement of the session. In the capacity of
chairman of the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds,! had a conversation with him,and
at that time he was willing to accept $200,000 for
the building; and the committee to which 1 have
the honor to belong, were unanimously of the
opinion then, that the building ought*to be pur-
chased, although we have a bill which we have
been anxious to report for some time, providing
tor the completion of the Treasury Buildings and
for the erection of a building for the War and In-
terior Departments. The committee were of opin-
ion that this building would be necessary for the
use of the Government until those other buildings
should be completed; and, at the same time, they
thought they ought not to exceed that sum. The
eommittee, however, finally agreed that the gen-
tleman from Ohio should report a bill to purchase
the building at $250,000. But the effect of the
present measure of the Senate, which will give
$10,000 a year more for rent than we pay now,
will be to enhance the value of the property to
such an extent, that the property cannot be pur-
chased for anything like that money. If this pend-
ing amendment is adopted, the result will be, that
the Government will purchase the building at
that price, and I hope it will be adopted; for I think
the building ought to be purchased.
Mr. JONES, of New York. I think that Mr.
Winder has taken precisely the right course, in
accordance with the usual practice of the House,
to have this building purchased. If I recollect
right, this very property was offered to us during
the last session of Congress for a less sum than
$200,000. If I am not mistaken, he offered us
the same property then for about $180,000. But,
now, I suppose he thinks that by raising the rent
about $10,000, and threatening that he will turn
us out, he can accomplish his object. And I
think he is upon the high road to accomplish it.
But, sir, I doubt whether there is any sincerity
in this attempt. I would not vote for the propo-
sition at all. I can see no reason why we should
at this time be dragooned into the purchase of a
building which will be of no earthly use to us
whatever. The only possible advantage that can
be derived from the purchase of the building is,
that if it should be set on fire it would burn every
thing in it. Sir, when a similar proposition was
under discussion, upon a former occasion, it was
stated that the building was so rickety that when-
ever a storm came up the clerks were compelled
to flee out of it, for fear it would tumble down
over their heads. A part of the roof has been,
blown off since I have been here, and the whole
roof leaks like a riddle. 1 doubt very much
whether, if the Government were out of the way,
the building could be rented for $10,000.
Mr. CRAIGE: I desire to ask the gentleman
if the roofs of other Government buildings have
not been blown off under similar circumstances;
land further, whether the building is not in the ac-
tual occupancy of the Government, and one hun-
dred and forty clerks employed in it?
Mr. McNAIR. That panic among the clerks
took place at the time of the earthquake.
Mr. JONES. I say I doubt whether, by any
manner of means, that building could be made to
bring more than $5,000 if the Government were
to abandon it. The building is not needed by the
Government even now. The Surgeon General's
Office is there, the Pension. Office is there, and
other offices are there; but if they were distributed
among the different departments of the Govern-
ment, room enough could be found for them,
where the papers connected with them would be
much safer than where they are.
I am opposed to the amendment, and hope no
provision will be made for the purchase of this
building.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the gentleman from North Carolina that he sub-
stitute his amendment for that of the Senate.
The two propositions would come very awkward-
ly in the same amendment.
Mr. CRAIGE. I accept the gentleman's sug-
gestion, and .offer, the amendment as a substitute.
Mr. Craige's amendment was again read.
Mr. TAYLOR. If the amendment be adopted,
how would the paragraph then read ? It seems
to me that it does not provide for the rent at all.
The CHAIRMAN.. It provides the original
sum passed on when the'bill was pending before
the House.
Mr. TAYLOR. It is offered then as a substi-
tute for the Senate amendment?
Mr. CRAIGE. I propose to purchase the
building and not to rent itat all.
Mr. TAYLOR. Does not the gentleman pro-
pose to rent it all ?
Mr. CRAIGE. No, sir.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will look
at what immediately precedes the Senate's amend-
ment, he will find that, if we vote down that amend-
ment, we fall back on the original text of the bill,
which proposes to rent the building for $19,500
per annum. Then would come in the proviso,
authorizing the purchase of the building for
Mr. TAYLOR. I understand that the Senate's
amendment is to strike out the provision for rent
altogether.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood the
amendment of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, to be a substitute for the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. CRAIGE. Yes, sir, and to leave the
original text of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman's
amendment provides for non-concurring in that
portion of the Senate's amendment which strikes
out, and substituting what has been read at the
Clerk's desk for what the Senate proposes to in-
sert.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman's amend
ment be adopted it will make no provision for pay-
ing rent.
Mr. CRAIGE. Oh! yes.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman offers his
amendment as a substitute, that will be its effect.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentle-
