1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
Bills, reported back, as correctly enrolled, bills of
the following titles:
"Joint resolution authorizing supplementary
contract for certain marble for the Capitol exten-
sion;" and
" An act for the relief of John 0. Means."
Which thereupon received the signature of the
Speaker.
Mr. DISNEY. I remark that there are several
bills upon the Speaker's table, which ought to be
referred. I therefore move that we proceed to the
business on (he Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House to proceed to the business on the Speaker's
table?—
Mr. ^ JONES, of Tennessee, (interrupting.)
There is an act before the House, which should be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I therefore move to proceed
to the regular order of business.
THE BOUNTY LAND BILL.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee demands the regular order of business,
which is the pending motion to lay on the table
the following bill, and accompanying; report and
letter from the Secretary of the Interior:
" A bill extending the provisions of the several
laws granting lands to the officers and soldiers
"who have been engaged in the military service of
the United States."
Mr. B1SSELL. I would announce, that if the
motion to lay the bill on the table do not prevail,
I will move its reference to ihe Committee on
Military Affairs, which is the proper reference.
The SPEAKER. A motion is pending, made
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Flor-
ence,] to refer this bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
A Member. Was not there a demand for the
previous* question ? #
The SPEAKER. Yes; the gentleman from
South Carolina called for the previous question,
but he afterwards withdrew the demand.
Mr. ORR. I renew the motion to lay the bill
and report upon the table.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I call for the yeas
and nays on the motion.
Mr. FLORENCE. Were notthe yeas and nays
asked for, and refused before on this question?
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays were
refused upon another proposition yesterday—upon
the first proposition, which was to refer to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ROBBfNS. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Robbins and
Vatl were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 56, noes 72.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. The question now recurs
upon my motion to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr.WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
privileged question. I move that when this House
adjourn it adjourn to meet on Thursday next.
To-morrow being the 22d of February, I do not
think this House ought to be in session.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will it be in order to move
to amend the motion by inserting " that the Clerk
be requested, at twelve o'clock to-morrow, to read
from the desk Washington's Farewell Address? "
The SPEAKER, ft would not be in order.
The question was then put; and there were, on
a division—ayes 113, noes 34.
So the motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Florence,] thatthe bill and accompa-
nying report be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of t he Union, and that they
be printed. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Bissell] moves also that the bill be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HAMILTON. I demand the previous
question
Mr JONES, of Tennessee. I ask if the de-
mand for the previous question is not pending,
WdS it not made previous to my making a motion
to lay the bill upon the table?
The SPEAKER. Action has been had upon the
bill since the motion of the gentleman was made.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question ordered to be put.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Flor-
ence's motion; and there were—ayes 103, noes
not counted.
So the bill and report were referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire simply to suggest to
the House, as we have agreed to adjourn over
until Thursday, whether it would not be well to
clear the Speaker's table?
Mr. WHEELER. I withdraw my motion to
adjourn.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Mr. Machen, its Chief Clerk, informing the
House that the Senate insist upon their second
amendment, disagreed to by the House, to the bill
of the House, (No. 135,) entitled "An act for the
relief of the United States troops who were suffer-
ers by the recent disaster to the steamship San
Francisco," ask a conference with the House on
the said disagieeing vote, and have appointed Mr.
Shields, Mr. Johnson, and Mr. James C. Jones,
the managers of the said conference, on their part.
Also, that they had passed a joint resolution of
this House, (No. 15,) authorizing a supplemental
contract for certain marble for the Capitol exten-
sion, without amendment.
Also, that they had passed a bill of the Senate,
(No. 217,) entitled "An act appointing commis-
sioners to ascertain certain facts relative to private
land claims in the Territory of Michigan."]
Mr. DE WITT, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported, as correctly enrolled, a bill
of the following title, which received the signature
of the Speaker:
"An act for the extension of the preemption
privilege in the State of California."
Mr. WHEELER. 1 now renew the motion
that the House adjourn.
The question was put; and, upon a division, there
were—-ayes 67, nays 64.
Mr. FLORENCE* I ask for tellers upon the
question.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the motion was agreed to, and, at half-past
three o'clock, the House adjourned until Thursday
next.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Februarij 23, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Tuesday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the credentials of
Hon. William Pitt Flssenden, chosen by the
Legislature of the State of Maine, a Senator from
that State, for the term of six years from the 4th of
March last; which weie lead; and the oath pre-
scribed by law having been administered to Mr.
Fessenden, he took his seat m the Senate.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the credentials of
Hon. Stephen A. Douglas, elected a Senator
from Illinois for six years from the 4th of March
last ; which had not been received when Mr.
Douglas was sworn in on the 4th of March.
They were read, and ordered to be filed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Department of
the Interior, in answer to a resolution of the Senate
of the 14th instant, in relation to the hospital for
the insane of the District of Columbia; which was
referred to the Committee for the District of Col-
umbia, and ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Navy Depart-
ment, transmitting eighty copies of the Navy
Register for the use of the Senate; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
RELIGIOUS LIBERTY.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I have a petition
to present, which is but the forerunner of many
others. It a^k? the interposition of this Govern-
ment with foreign Powers, wheiesuch mremosi-
tion is lequired, in order to secure to American
citizens abroad the enjoyment of religious worship
while living, and a place of sepulture, and the
rights of Christian burial when dead. And strange
is it that such demands are rendered necessary,by
the arrogance of earthly presumption, in this day
of knowledge and searching inquiry. But so it is;
and public opinion in this country is awakening to
the interest of this question; and it is time that our
voice should be heard and heeded.
The freedom of religious worship is a subject
which belongs to the kingdom of God, and not to
the kingdom of man; and no human ruler can in-
terferewith it withoutequalinjusticeand presump-
tion. Of course we claim no right to interpose
between other Governmentsand their own people,
except, indeed, the right of judgment and of con-
demnation, common to all countries not crushed
by the foot of the oppressor, when such acts of
revolting tyranny occur as to shock the feelings
of mankind. But when American citizens are the
sufferers, it is the undeniable duty of this Govern-
ment to take all such measures as are justified by
the laws of nations, to insure their protection and
the exercise of right which ought to be wholly
without the scope of political institutions, as they
are without just authority.
1 propose, sir, at some convenient time, when
the Senate is less engaged than at present, to
move the reference to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, of the excellent report made last ses-
sion upon similar petitions, by a, most estimable
member [Mr. Underwood] now no longer among
us; and upon that occasion I shall ask to be heard
in relation to this general subject. Independentof
themomentous principles involved in it,and which,
of themselves, furnish a sufficient motive for ex-
amination, I have another, which is personal to
myself. It will probably be recollected by some
of the Senators that I submitted a few remarks
to this body when the question was first before us..
Our proceedings, and particularly my share of
them, were reviewed with some severity by Arch-
bishop Hughes in a letter signed by himself, and
published in the papers after our adjournment. I
do not object at all to that course, though certainly
I must have been greatly misunderstood, judging
by some of the sentiments imputed to me. Now,
sir, I propose, not so much to review the review
as to redeem myself from misapprehension, and
to reassert and maintain my true views. And
while I shall execute this task with all the respect
due to the personal character and to the high po-
sition of this distinguished prelate, I shall do it
with the freedom which belongs equally to the
subject and to my own position as a member of
this great depository of so much of the national
power. I move the reference of this petition to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SHIELDS. I present the petition of Ithiel
S. Richardson, the inventor and patentee of what
is called theatmosphenc telegraph. He is desirous
that a select committee should he formed to investi-
gate this invention; and if they approve of it, he
asksa small appropriation to make an experiment
between here and Baltimore. He says that $5,000
will enable him to construct this telegraph for ten
miles. It will convey packages, mails, or any
other matter necessary to be conveyed, at a speed
exceeding five hundred miles an hour, and will
convey a weight exceeding five thousand pounds.
He states that if it succeeds for ten miles, he will
expect an appropriation to enable him to take it
on to Baltimore. The wholeamount of the appro-
priation which he now asks, is that which would
be sufficient to make the trial for ten miles, and
that will be only $5,000. I move that a select
committee be appointed to investigate the char-
acter and nature of this invention; the committee
to consist of five members, and to be appointed
by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to.
Mj\ SHIELDS presented the petition of Cor-
nelius Coffey, late a private in the United States
Army, praying to be allowed bounty land; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of Thomas Bassuett, pray-
ing the aid of Congress to enable him to test by
experiments his theory of meteorology. The pe-
titioner states that if his discovery had been
known at the time of the loss of the San Francisco
it might have been applied so as to present the
loss of that vessel. The petition was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
