1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2031
niiin's amendment is out of order. It proposes
to amend the original text.
Mr. CRAIGE. The gentleman from Georgia
misapprehends my amendment. It does not pro-
pose to amend the original text. It leaves that as
it is, bat proposes to substitute other words for
those of the Seriate amendment.
Mr.*STEPHENS. The amendment of the ,
Senate was to strike out certain words, and to in-
sert in lieu thereof other words.
Mr. CRAIGE. I propose to let the original
text stand, so far as the rent is concerned.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman wants the
original text to stand as it was, and to substitute
for the Senate's amendment what he has offered ?
Mr. CRAIGE. Yes sir.
Mr. STEPHENS. That cannot be done.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I understand
the gentleman to substitute his amendment for
what the Senate proposed to add.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman proposes
to disagree to the Senate's amendment, and to add
something to the original text.
Mr. WASHBURN. May he not amend the
Senate amendment, or any part of it, by striking
it out, and substituting anything else? He pro-
posed to strike out a part of what the Senate has
adopted, and insert something else.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair then under-
stands the amendment of the gentleman from
North Carolina to be to agree to the Senate amend-
ment, with an amendment.
Mr. CRAIGE. if the Chairman will look at
the beginning of the clause, commencing at the
six hundred and seventy-first line, he will find that
it reads thus:
e! For rent of house on northwest comer of F and Seven-
teenth streets, or such other building as the Secretary of
War may select, and warming all {he rooms in it, $21,875."
I am willing that that should be left in, and after
the six hundred and seventy-seventh line, instead
of " $32,375," insert:
Provided that the Secretary of War may, if he sees proper,
purchase the building at a sum not exceeding $-200,000.
I am perfectly satisfied that Mr. Winder will
take $200,000.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to ask the Chair
a question for information. Does not the fact
that the committee disagree to the amendment of
the Senate leave the bill as it passed the House?
The CHAIRMAN. If they disagree to the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON If the gentleman from North
Carolina will modify his amendment, I think it
will be in order—so as to make this clause precede
what he has already sent to the Chair:
For rent of house on northwest corner of F and Seven-
teenth streets, or such other building as the Secretary of
War may select, and warming all the rooms in it.
Then it will be in order as a substitute for the
original text and the Senate amendment.
Mr. CRAIGE agreed to the modification.
The amendment, as modified, was read as fol-
lows:
For rent of house on northwest corner of F and Seven-
teenth streets, or such other building as the Secietary of
War may select, and warming all the r-oms in it, $2l,b7f):
Provided, That ihe Secretary of War be authorized to
purchase said building at a *um noi exceeding $i>00,000.
Mr. TAYLOR. X understand that as going
back to the original text of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. These words are
still in the text.
Mr. TAYLOR. Certainly they are.
Mr. JONES. If the gentleman from North
Carolina will commence his amendment with the...
words proposed to be stricken out by the Senate,
($21,875; for compensation of superintendent and
four watchmen of the building corner of F and
Seventeenth streets, §2,250,) then he could more
correctly insert his proposition for the purchase
of the building.
Mr. WALSH. That is precisely what the
gentleman from North Carolina proposes to do.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will again re-
port the modified amendment,
•The amendment as modified, was again re-
ported.
Mr. JONES. The first part of that amend-
ment is here in the original House bill, and the
Senate has not stricken it out.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
North Carolina will modify his amendment so as
to commence in line six hundred and seventy-
seven.
Mr. STEPHENS. Let him strike out the
Senate's amendment and insert the proposition in
his own woids, beginning with the words §21,875.
Mr. CUMMING. I want to say one word.
Add to the amendment the words. " or such other
building." It appropriates $200,000 forany build-
ing, so far as 1 can see.
Mr. CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I wish to ask a ques-
tion for information. 1 desire to know whether
it is competent for this committee to adopt a sub-
stitute for the Senate's amendment? If so, there
is not the slightest difficulty in obviating all the
difficulties in which the committee is involved.
Now, what is the Senate's amendment?
[Cries of " Order !" and " Question !"]
The CHAIRMAN. The modified amendment
of the gentleman from North Carolina will per-
haps meet the views of the gentlemen of the com-
mittee. The gentleman from North Carolina pro-
poses to strike out that which the Senate strikes
out, and insert the following in lieu of that which
the Senate has inserted. After the word "it,"
in the six hundred and seventy-third line, insert
the following words:
Twenty-one thousand eight hundred and seventy five
dollar* : Provided, That the Secretaiy of the Treasury be
authorized to purchase the said building at a sum not ex-
ceeding $200,000.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I suppose it
is in order to move to amend this proposition by
striking out. We certainly have a right to per-
fect it before the question is taken.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
further amendment at this time is not in order.
Mr. STANTON. I propose to make the Sen-
ate amendment, as it now stands, more acceptable
to the House by my amendment; and perhaps, if
my amendment should make it more acceptable,
it would defeat the amendment of the gentleman
from North Carolina.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. WALSH. I wish to ask my friend from
Noith Carolina one question, and that is, whether
j he desires, by his amendment, to leave it optional
with the Secretary of War to rent this or any
other building; but that if he purchase any build-
ing, he must purchase this alone?
Mr. CRAIGE. My amendment does not make
I it imperative that he shall purchase any build-
ing.
The question now beingon Mr. Craige's amend-
ment,
Mr. OLDS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chamber-
lain and Kjttredge were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 87, noes 36.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I nowpropose 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish to amend
the amendment which has just been voted upon.
Mr. JONES. You cannot do that. Theamend-
ment has been adopted, and it is not competent
for the committee to amend it now.
Mr. SviiTH. What I propose is, to offer a
proviso to come in at the end of the amendment
which has been adopted; I have the right to do
that.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee was first recognized, and is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. SMITH. I rise to a question of order. I
desire to amend the amendment which has just
been voted upon. The gentleman from Tennes-
see, as I understand it, wishes to amend the bill
further on. If the gentleman is allowed to make
his motion, it will cut me off from making mine.
I desire to offer a proviso to the amendment which
has been adopted, and I hold that that amend-
ment must take precedence of a motion to amend
the bill further on.
The CH YIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order.
Mr. SMITH. But Jet me say a word in ex-
planation. Thisbuildmg is not paid for.
Mr. JONES. I understand all that.
Mr. SMITH. Well, I appeal to the gentleman
to allow my amendment to be read.
Mr. JONES. I have no objection to the gentle-
man's amendment being read; but I submit, as a
question of order, that the amendment having
been adopted, no amendment to it can be enter-
tained.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment cannot be amended in the present
stage of proceeding.
Mr. SMITH. I appeal to the committee to
allow my amendment to be read.
Mr. JONES. I have no objection to that.
Mr. SMITH. The amendment offered by the
gentleman from North Carolina, which has been
adopted by the committee, as a substitute for the
amendment of the Senate, is liable to bring us into
trouble in the form in which it has been adopted.
This building has not been paid for, and I pro-
pose to add a proviso that, in the event of the
purchase of the building, a portion of the money
to be paid shall be applied to pay for the materials
and labor expended in the erection of the building'
which are still due Winder's building, as it is
called, but the title is not even in Winder.
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to a question of order.
I refer the Chair to Jefferson's Manual to show
that, when an amendment has been adopted as a
substitute, it is impossible to amend it.
Mr. SMITH. It has not been adopted. There
is no reason why the Chair should not entertain
the amendment. The amendment of the gentle-
man from North Carolina has been adopted as a
substitute for the Senate's amendment, bat the
question has not been taken upon the adoption of
; the amendment of the Senate as amended; and,
j therefore, amendments are still in order.
| The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say to
I the gentleman from Virginia, that, even if the
j amendment which had been adopted could be
• amended, he would not hold the amendment
j which the gentleman proposes to offer to be in
| order, for the reason that it proposes to control
| the disposition of money which is appropriated
! for the purchase of this building.
J Mr. SMITH. The Chair does not understand
i my amendment. I presume he has not read it.
it has been read to the committee. [Cries of
"Order!"] It is no use for gentlemen to cry
"Order." I am in order; and I ask that my
amendment may be read.
[R^qewed cries of " Order!"]
Mr. SMITH. I am not out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is out of
order.
Mr. CULLOM. The Chair has recognized
my colleague, [Mr. Jones,] and the gentleman
from Virginia is not m order.
The CHAIRMAN. The proposition will be
read, if there be no objection, for the information
of the committee.
There being no objection, Mr. Smith's amend-
ment was read by the Clerk, as follows:
Provided, That in the purchase or leasing of said build-
ing it shall be agreed that the lents, as they /'all due, or the
purchase money, as the case may be, shall be appiied by
the Secretary of War to pay all arrears which may be due
for labor and materials expended in the construction of said
building.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
Mr. SMITH. I appeal from that decision of
the Chair.
I would like to call the Chair's attention to this
point.
[Cries of " Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must re-
member that debate is not in order.
Mr. SMITH. I do not wish to debate the ques-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman desires
to state the ground on which he appeals from the
decision of the Chair, it will be m order for him
to do so. Debate, however, is not in order.
Mr. SMITH. I do not desire to debate the
question. The ground of my appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair is this: The amendment of the
gentleman from North Carolina provides for the
making of a contract, and my amendment merely
provides one of the terms of that contract, and is,
therefore, in my opinion, strictly in order.
The question was taken on the appeal; and the
decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina has
been adopted, I now propose trm we disagree in
so much of the Senate's amendment as proposes
to strike out the words, "for compensation of
