1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for the remainder of the absentees for whom 110
excuses have been offered.
The SPEAKER. That mode can be adopted
by the House; and, by unanimous consent, the
roll can be called.
Mr. CKAIGE. "Would it be necessary to have
a separate vote in each case?
The SPEAKER. That will depend upon the
■will of forty members. [Laughter.]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I object to calling
the roll.
Mr. PURYEAR. I ask permission oftheHouse
to say one word more.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I rise for the purpose
of making a motion in conformity with what I
understand to be the ruling of the Chair; that the
roll be called for the purpose of enabling members
present to offer excuses for those who may be
absent..
Upon that motion the yeas and nays were
ordered.
The SPEAKER. That motion would he in
order, having immediate connection with the mo-
tion now pending.
Several Voices. What is the proposition?
The SPEAKER. The proposition is, that the
names of the absentees be called, so that excuses
may be offered for each gentleman as his name is
called. The Chair stated, in reply to the sugges-
tion from the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Purtear,] if no objection was made, that
the course proposed by him would be pursued;
but objection was made by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge.] The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Chamberlain] then submitted
amotion that that course be pursued.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I would inquire of
the Chair what becomes of my resolution by this
Frocess? If the motion of the gentleman from
ndiana [Mr. Chamberlain] is in order, then my
motion goes by the board.
The SPEAKER. The resolution of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky will be superseded by the
proposition of the gentleman from Indiana, as
having immediate connection with the motion now
before the House; it will take precedence of any
other motion.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. 1 rise to a question
of order. I would call the attention of the Chilir
to the effect, that the object in offerings resolution
to send for the absentees in a body, is to avoid the
delay consequent on making a point upon each
individual member.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
Chair has decided that the proposition made by
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Chamberlain]
is in order.
Mr. PURYEAR. I desire to make this sug-
gestion: That all the absentees shall be excused,
and that the doors shall be opened. My object is
to bring this matter to a close.
The SPEAKER. The House have just refused
to dispense with all further proceedings under the
call.
The yeas and nays were then ordered upon Mr.
Chamberlain's motion.
The SPEAKER. There is a question of priv-
ilege, as the Chair understands, which must be
first disposed of before the question is taken upon
the motion of the gentleman from Indiana. The
Chair understands that there are several gentle-
men in the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms, and
that that officer is now ready to make his report.
[Cries of" Bring them in!" " Bring them in!"]
The Sergeant-at-Arms then reported that, ac-
cording to the order of the House, he had in cus-
tody Mr. William S. Ashe, and that he was now
present.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Ashe: It seems that
you have absented yourself from the House with-
out its leave and contrary to its order. You are
now at liberty to make such explanation or ex-
cuse for such absence as you may think proper.
Mr. ASHE. I have no excuse to offer except
that I was very much exhausted, and that I had
paired off with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Df. Witt.] I was obliged to go home
on account of indisposition in my family.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I move that the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Ashe.] be
6XCUSG(1
Mr. WHEELER. Upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nayB.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think that the gentle-
man from North Carolina should be excused. I
am opposed to excusing any member without ^suf-
ficient cause. Now, if the gentleman from North
Carolina had sufficient cause for an excuse 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia is not in order.
The yeas and nays were ordered upon Mr.
Wheeler's motion.
Mr. HAVEN. Is it in order to say a word in
reference-to this matter?
The SPEAKEg.. The Chair hardly thinks that
it is in order.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not wish to say anything
out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is inclined to think
that, according to the practice of the House, it is
hardly in order for the gentleman to make any re-
marks, although he does not know of any express
rule which would restrain him from doing so.
Mr. HAVEN. I only desire to say this: that
the excuse offered by the gentleman from North
Carolina is a most rational and reasonable one,
and 1 am ready to vote to excuse him, unless there
is to be made here a question of physical endur-
ance, and th^n it would not be fair to impose upon
one what you would not impose upon another.
Mr. ASHE. I withdraw my application for
excuse. I do not wish anything from the chanty
of the House.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I merely wish to
say that no man in this House has more kind feel-
ings towards the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Asiie] than I have; but he has offered no
satisfactory excuse, and if it is to be taken, we
had better dispense with this call at once.
Mr. ASHE. I do not desire to be excused.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I made the motion
to excuse him, and I do not withdraw it.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 95, nays 24.
So the House agreedHo excuse Mr. Ashe.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs upon
the motion of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Chamberlain,] that the roll be called for the pur-
pose of hearing the excuses of the remaining ab-
sentees; upon which the yeas and nays have been
demanded and ordered.
A Member. I would ask if there was any
objection to the course indicated by the gentleman
from Indiana? Was not universal consent given
to the mode of procedure upon which the yeas
and nays have been called?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had a right
to ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I did not understand
the facts to be as they are now represented. Be-
fore I rose to make the motion 1 did, I understood
that there were decided objections to, a suggestion
of the same character made by the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Pgryear.] Upon that
very ground it was 1 made the motion to obtain a
vote of the House.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I rise simply for the
purpose of explanation. Since the motion was
made, and a vote ordered upon that motion, it has
come to my ears that there is no objection to the
mode of proceeding suggested by me. I would
withdraw my motion, but I suppose it has gone
beyond mv control.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent, the
demand for the yeas ana nays can be withdrawn.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the negative—yeas 43, nays 53.
So the motion for a call of the roll to allow ab-
sent members to be excused was not agreed to.
Pending the announcement of the result,
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER asked to be permitted to
vote.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Was the gentle-
man from Tennessee within the bar when his
name was called, or before the next name on the
roll was called ?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I waff not in when
my name was called; but my name is the last on
the list, and so there was hone other called. I
submit, therefore, that 1 have a right to vote.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then, if no other
gentleman addressed the Chair before the gentle-
man from Tennessee came within the bar, he will
b-e entitled to vote.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. No other gentleman
had addressed the Chair before I camp in.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. ■ Then the Chair
thinks that, under the circumstances', the gentle*
man has a right to vote. ' • . -
The vote was accordingly registered. •
The Clerk proceeded to call the names of the
absentees for excuses.
David Ritchie, Ritfus ,W. Peckham.
Mr. JONES, of New York'. I rise to what I
think I may term a privileged question. I ask to
make an excuse for two members Who are absent
from this House by my advice as a physician. I
mean the Hon. David Ritchie, and the Hon.
Mr. Peckiiam. Mr. Ritchie is naturally feeble;
and- he was sick yesterday, and, to my certain
knowledge, unable to sit in the House all day, to
say nothing of the night. Mr. Peckham has been
under the care of Doctor Hall, of this city, for
the last four or five days He came here yester-
day; and he would have remained, but that I
advised him to go home.
The question was taken; and Messrs. Ritchie
and Peckham were excused. ;
William S. Ashe. :
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
have also a question with respect to a case which
has been partly disposed of previously, but on
which I now desire to make a motion, as I think
we had better finish up as we go along. ^ refer
to the case of Mr. Ashe. Under the riile fie is
supposed to be still.'in custody; or, at least, the
provisions of the rule have not been, as yet', fully
complied with. I refer to the 64th rule of the
House, which provides that when a member shall
be discharged from custody, and admitted to his
seat, the House shall determine whether such dis-
charge shall be with or without the payment of
fees. This has not been passed upon by the House
in the case in question. I therefore ask that Mr.
Asiie shall not be required to pay fees; and on
that, motion 1 demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The universal
practice of the House is to take the question on
the discharge of a member who had been absent;
and unless the point on the payment of fees is
raised, and there is a motion to divide the question,
the discharge is considered to be ample and with-
out the payment of fees. Now, in the case of
Mr. Ashe, the House has already ordered his dis-
charge, without requiring him to pay fees, and
therefore the motion of the gentleman from Ohio
is not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. But,Mr. Speaker,.the rule
is peremptory and positive. The House shall de-
termine whether the discharge is with or with-
out the payment of fees.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. When the House
excused Mr. Ashe, it excused him in toto without
requiring the payment of fees.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, I am not very par-
ticular, provided Mr. Ashe is not required to pay
anything.
The SPEAKER. The question then recurs on
the resolution offered by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Breckinridge.]
George Bliss, Wilson Shannon, Joseph R.
Chandler.
Mr. SAPP. Mr. Speaker, I ask for permis-
sion to offer excuses for three gentlemen who are
absent.
Assent was expressed by the House.
Mr. SAPP. Mr. Bliss, of Ohio, my colleague,
has paired off with Mr. EwiNg, of Kentucky, and
has gone home by the advice of his physician.
He is in very poor health, and it was highly ad-
visable for him to return home.
Mr. Shannon, who is also one of my col-
leagues, has been called home on professional
business. At the court, which is now in session,
he is engaged in some very important causes; but
he is expected back everyday. It was absolutely
necessary for him, under the circumstances, to
leave his seat for a short time.
Mr. Chandler, of Pennsylvania, left here.last
night in very poor health. He paired off with
Mr. Clingman.
I ask that these three members be excused by
the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Any member
may ask for a division of the House on these
several excuses, if he thinks proper. By the gen-
eral consent of the House, th£ question will be
taken on excusing all of them at once.
