2032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.July 31.
Superintendent and four watchmen of the building
corner of P and seventeenth streets, $2,250,"and
with so much as proposes to insert the words
" $32,375; .and the Secretary of War is hereby
Authorized to lease said building, or some other",
for a term not exceeding five years, at the rent
herein authorized,"if, in nis judgment, the same
shall be for the public interest." If the amend-
ment which I propose be adopted, thep.the bill
will be left with an appropriation for the renting
of the btiildirig at the present price, and authority
to purchase it at §300,000. That is what I think
ought to" be donei'and what t suppose this- com-
mittee d'esires to be done, judging from the vote
just taken.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I desired very much,
before'the question was taken on the amendment
. of my friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Craige,]
to have offered an amendment, and made some
statements in reply to what fell from the- gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Jones,] as to this
being an entirely worthless building. 1 will now
merely state that the gentleman from New York
is antagonistic in his opinion to the Committee
on the Public Buildings and Grounds ^f the last
Congress; aihfl one of its members was himself
an experienced practical builder." They said that
the building had been constructed with great care,
of good materia!,'and is perfectly fire-proof. Now,
I am aware that the coriimittee has adopted an
amendment to purchase the building; but I am
not at- all certain as, to the-proprlety of the amount
stipulated to be p?id. It is said'to hare cost n^ore
than-Jji200,000. Property has advanced in value
in'this city; and ground has ajso advanced with
equal rabidity.'
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. Time is of 'great
value' now, and I would ask, Mr. Chairman,
Whether the gentleman from Ohio is in order?
The CHAIRMAN; The Chair thinks that the
gentleman from Ohio is in order. -
I^Ir. TAYLOR. I shall not detain th e com-
mittee long. Mr. Robert Mills, who was in the
public employment some years a£o as an architect,
stated that this property was woi-th $260,000; and
tfee committee at tne last Congress recommended
that it should be purchased for $250,000. It was
stated in a report of the committee at the last ses-
sion that the proprietor would take $300,000 for it.
Now, this committee has voted that he shall sell it
for $(200,000, and be forced to take $21,000 per ;
annum rent, when he asks $30,000. :Weare now
occupying the'bttilding of a "private citizen without
his consent, and giving him a price for'its tise" far
beloW whatlVfc h&s asked. Now, I am aw&rethat
the gentlemah from North Carolina had a private
conversation with Mr. Winder, in-which the latter
agreed totake $200,000 for hi&buildmg, I under-
stood him to say that he would not take that
amount for it, and hence the amendment that it
.should be purchased at a valuation.
Mr. CRAIGrE, There is no difficulty on that
subject.
Mr. TAYLOR. Are you aware that Mr. Win-
der will take $200,000 for the property?
Mr. CRAIGE. I am not.
Mr. TAYLOR,.of Ohio. Inasmuch as I un-
derstand the proposition
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I submit that
there is no proposition before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the object which the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] had in view was accomplished
by the amendment of the gentleman from North
Carolina, (Mr. Craige.]
' Mr. WASHBURN. Exactly, and there is no
question before the committee.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope to be in-
dulged by the House for a moment in making a
remark, as I am really desirous of information in
regard to this matter. If we authorize this prop-
erty to be rented or purchased, can we not attach
to it a condition that the rent shall be applied to
this purpose of paying for the material ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decided that
such an amendment would not be in order.
The question recurring on the amendment, as
amended,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, demanded tell-
ers; which were not ordered.
The question was taken; and a division being
•had, there were—ayes 80, noes not counted.
So the araendr&eftt, as amended, was concurred
In, -
Fifty-eighth amendment:
For compensation of superintendent and four watchmen
of the building on thecornerof F and Seventeenth streets,
$3,600,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
recommend a concurrence in that amendment.
• The amendment was concurred in.
Fifty-ninth amendment:
• Strike out in line six hundred and ninety-one "seven
thousand orie," and insert ih iieu thereof- " eight thousand
seven," so as to m ike the clause read as follows:
For compensation of the Secretary of rhe Na,vy,-and the
clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger m his office,
$8,700.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
recommend a non-concurrence.,
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixtieth amendment:
In line six hundred and ninety-nine strikeout the words
"ten thousand eight hundred," and inseit in lieu thereof
the words " eleven thousand six hundred and fifty," so as
to make the clause read:
For compensation of the chiefof the Bureau of Ordnance
and Hydrography, aad the clerks and messenger in his of-
fice, $11,650.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee* The committee
recommend a non-concurrence in that amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixty-first amendment:
In line seven hundred and six strike out the words
"thirteen thousand seven hundred,"and insert in lieu
thereof the words " fourteen thousand eight hundred and
fifty," so as to make the clause read:
. For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of Navy
Yards and Docks, and of the, civil engineer, clerks, and
messenger, in his office, $14',850.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
recommend a non-concurrence in that amendment.
. The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixty-second amendment:
In page thirty, line seven hundred ahd fifteen, strike out
the words "twenty thousand eight hundred," and insert
the words. " twenty-two thousand live hundred and fifty."
The clause, as amended, reads:
For compensation of the Chief of the Bureau of Construc-
tion, Equipment, and Repairs, and of the cluef naval eons,
struetor, engineer-m-chief, and the clerks and messenger,
in his office, $22,550,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend, a non-concur-
rence in th-at amendment. I will state to the com-
mittee that quite a number of th'ese small amend-
ments were niade by the Senate, i& conform this
bill to that for the-increased compensation, passed
some time ago. The Committee of Ways and
Means Jhkve a proposition to put them all into "the
one clause. That is the reason why they recom-
mend non-concurrence in this.
The amendment wag non-concurred in.
Sixty-third amendment:
Paae thirty, Hn'e seven hundred and tWfinty-two. strike
out the words " seven thousand three hundred," and insert
m lieu thereof the word* " eight thousand one hundred and
fifty."
The clause, as amended, reads:
For conif>eiv*ation of the clerks and messenger in the
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, $8,150.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means rccommend a non-concur-
rence. .
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixty-fourth amendment:
Page thirty, line seven hundred and twenty eight, strike
out" #7,900," and Interna liou thereof" §8,350."
The clause, as amended, reads:
For compensation of the Chief of the Bureau of Medi-
cine and Surgery, and the clerks and messenger in his
olfiee, $8,350.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixty-fifth amendment:
Strike out the following clause:
" For printing and paper for the Navy Department,
$2,000."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixty-sixth amendment:
For additional for disbursing clerk and superintendent
of Executive Building, provided in the third section of the
act of the 3d of March, 1853, entitled " An act making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Gov-
ernment tor the year ending the 30th of June, X854," for
the Navy Department, $200.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in that amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixty-seventh amendment:
Page thirty-one, line seven hundred and forty-eight, after
the word "thousand," add the words "four hundred."
The clause, as amended, reads:
For compensation of four watchmen of the southwest
Executive Building,-$2,4U0.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in
that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixty-eighth amendment:
Page thirty-two, line seven hundred and sixty, strike out
" $1,450," and insert in lieu thereof the following words,
" and messengers of said Department, $150,150,"
The clause, as amended, reads:
For compensation of temporary clerks necessarily em-
ployed from the 9th of May, 1853, to the 30th of June,
1854, and messengers of said Department, $150,150.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in that amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in,
Sixty-ninth amendment:
For compensation of temporary clerks necessarily em-
ployed from the month of May, 1853, to the 30th of June,
1854, $1,450 98.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in that amendment. - #
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventieth amendment:
For additional for disbursing clerk and superintendent of
Executive Building piovidfed in the third section of the act
ol the third of March, 1853, entitled " An act making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Govern-
ment for the year ending the JOth June, 1854," lor the Post
Office Department, $-200. !
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Coihmittee of
Ways and Means recommend a no'n-6onfcurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventy-first amendment:
For compensation of three watchmen for the Post Office
Building, $1,800.
Mr.JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee of
Ways and. Means recommend a non-concurrence
in.that amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventy-second amendment:
Page thirty-three, line seven hundred and eighty-three*
strike out " lor printing and paper for Post Office Depart-
ment, $1,000,and insert in lieu thereof:
For paper arid printing for the Executive Department,
including paper, printing, and binding the annual " State-
ment of Commerce and Navigation," and paper and printing
the annual "Estimates of Appropriations," $30,800.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrency
in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in,
Seventy-third and seventy-fourth amendments:
PagMhitfy-.three, line seven hundred and tninety-eight,
insert the words" assistant melter and refiner;" and inline
seven hundred and nmetynmne strike out " $23,400," and
insert m lieu thereot" $5i4,900,". so as to make the clause
read: t,
Forsalaries of the director, treasurer, jassayer, melter, and
refiner, chief coiner, and engraver, assistant surveyor,
assistant melter, and refiner, and seven clerks, $24,900.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in those
amendments.
The amendments were severally non-concurred
in.
Seventy-fifth amendment:
Insert after the appropriations for the Mint at New Or-
leans, the following:
For rebuilding portions of walls and complete repairs o f
rhe building of the branch Mint atNew Orleans, $55,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend that the House concur in
that amendment with an amendment. The com-
mittee propose to strike out " $55,000," and insert
in lieu thereof 44 $37,000."
The amendment of the committee was agreed
to.
The amendment of the Senate, as thus amend'
ed, was then concurred in.
Seventy-sixth amendment:
Page thirty-six, linp eight hundred and seventy-one, un-
der the head of" Territory of Oregon," strike out "twenty,"
and insert m lieu thereof " thirty," so as to make it read :
