1174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
Mr. RIDDLE. I desire to offer an excuse for
Mr. Franklin, of Maryland.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
first to be decided on the excuses offered by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sapp.]
Mr. WHEELER. And on that motion to
excuse I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, all that
has recently occurred at that side of the House
has been entirely inaudible in this part of the Hall.
Members therefore do not know what they are
called upon to vote for.
The SPEAKER pro tempore* The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sapp] rises to make excuses for
three members of the House who are absent.
Two of them are his colleagues, [Messrs. Shannon
and Buss,} and the third is the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandler.] The question
hi on excusing these gentlemen for the reasons
offered by the gentlemen from Ohio.
Mr. PURYEAR. I move, Mr. Speaker, by
the permission of the House, that all gentlemen
on this floor who have excuses to make for ab-
sentees, shall be permitted to make them; and
that the whole be included in one motion.
JObjectiona, and cries of "No!" "No!"]
The SPEAKER pro tempo* e. This can only be
done by the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. CASK1E. 1 move to divide the question
on the motion to excuse, made by the gentleman
from Ohio; and, at the same time, I move that the
question be first taken as to excusing the member
who was first named by that gentleman. I sup-
pose there is no necessity for unanimous consent
about that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is of
opinion that any member ot'the Househns anght
to call for a division of the question. Therefore
the question will be put on excusing the gentleman
first named in the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio. That is Mi,
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. On what ground is
he to be excused ?
The SPEAKER prn tcmjwre. That he went
from the House unwell.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. On the motion to ex-
cuse Mr. Bliss, I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CASK! E. I hope that, before the yeas and
nays arc called, we may be at liberty to go along
and do something. Let gentlemen in the House
be now permitted to state why their colleagues
and ftiends are absent, and ask that they may be
excused. I ask that the yeas and nays may not
he called, as it is evident to everybody that it is
the unanimous desire of the House to excuse
members, when any excuse is ottered.
Mr. SAPP. 1 understand, Mr. Speaker, that
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Brkckiv-
iunGbj usks that a statement be made, such as can
be hetud by ail the members, ns to the absence of
the gentleman whom 1 allied to be excused. Mr.
Bliss, of Ohio, my colleague, has paired off on
this bill with Mr. Ewim;, of Kentucky. *Mr.
Bliss is m very bud health. He has not been
able to Kit in the [louse for the Inst two weeks;
and under the direction of his physician he went
to Ohio—paiiing off, as I said, with Mr. Eivinc;
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAK El? pro tempore. Unless objec-
tion he made, it will be considered the unanimous
determination of the House that Mr. Bliss be
excused.
There was no objection; and Mr. Bliss was
accordingly deciaied'excused.
Mr. STUART. Mr. Speaker, I asked for the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER .pro tempore. The Chair heard
no objection made.
Mr. STUART. I objected in time, and called
for the yens and nays.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, The Chair did
not understand the gentleman as objecting. It is
too late for him to object now. ;
The question recurring on the motion to excuse i
Mr. SlI VNNON, j
Mr. SAPP. Mr. Speaker, my colleague, Mr. j
Shannon* of Ohio, left this city two weeks since j
to day, Pie went home to attend the court which i
was then in session, and before which he had j
some veiy important business as w member of the •>
bar. it was absolutely necessary for him to be I
in attendance m the court, to transact his profes- I:
1 sional business. 1 therefore ask that Mr. Shan-
j non be excused.
| Mr. CASK1E. I object.
j Mr. BANKS. I caii for the yeas and nays on
! the motion to excuse.
! Mr. TWEED. And I ask for tellers on order-
! ing the yeas and nays.
\ Telleis wereordered; and Messrs. Phillips and
j Kerr were appointed.
| The House was divided; and the tellers reported
[ thirty-five in the affirmative, (a sufficientjiumber.)
j So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker, 1 desire to ask a
question which would have an effect on governing
my vote. If the House refuse to excuse Governor
: Shannon, will it not be imperative to send to
j Ohio after him ?
i The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is a ques-
i tion for the House to determine. The House can
make its own order about that.
Mr. FARLEY, (at half past eight o'clock,
' a. m.) I move that the House do now adjourn;
i and that will answer the purpose of taking the
yeas and nays.
; Mr. BANKS. Upon that I ask the yeas and
i nays.
! Mr. TWEED. And I call for telleis on order-
■ ing the yeas and nays. *
■ Tellers were ordeied; and Messrs. Church-
weli, and Edmuni^on1 weie appointed.
The question was taken; ami the tellers report-
i ed thirty-four in the affirmative, (a sufficient num-
, ber.)
So the yeas and nays were oidered.
! The roil was then called.
I Pending the announcement of the result, the
■ Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar, having in
! custody an absent member.
William S. Barky.
j The SPEAKER pro Innpore. Before the Chair
; announces* the result of the vote on the motion to
1 adjourn there comes up a question of privilege,
i The Sergeant-at-Arms of this House appears at
I the bar with one of the absentees.
! The Sergeant-at-Arms reported to the Chair that
I William S. Barry, who had been absent from
1 the House, was then present in his custody.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, is it in order now
I to make a motion 5
The SPEAK ER pro tempore. It is not, there
being a privileged question before the House,
i (Addressing Mr. Barry.) Mr. Barry, on a call
ordered by the House, it. was found that you
were absent without the leave or consent of the
House. The Seigeant-at-Arms was ordered to
; have you brought forward, and now you are at
liberty to make an excuse for your ahsence.
Mr. BARRY. I have not been very well, Mr.
Speaker, and I was apprehensive of the conse-
quences to my health which might result from
sitting up all night. Besides, Mr. Speaker, I
have paired off with a gentleman on the other side
of tins question. But, at all events, I was afraid
of sitting up all night; as, if I did, 1 could not be
assured from getting an attack of rheumatism.
Mr. PlUGrlJLES. I move that the gentleman
be excused.
The motion was put and agreed to.
The yens and nays were called for.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand tellers on the
yeas and nays.
The SPEA KER pro tempore. The Chair heard
no objection made to the motion to excuse the
gentleman from Mississippi; and it is now too
late.
Mr. FARLEY. Do I understand the Chair
to state that no objection was made in time?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The final vote
of the House was given in favor of the gentleman
being excused before objection was made; at least
the Chair did not hear objection in time. The
gentleman from Mississippi stands excused.
The Chair then announced the result of the vote
previously taken on the motion to adjourn to be
decided in the negative—yeas 40, nays G9.
So the Housa.refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question now
arises on the motion, to excuse Mr. Chandler.
Mr. KERR. I move that ail further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with, and that
the doois be opened.
[Cries of "No !" "No !"]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, theie aie a number
of gentlemtn now at the doors, who cannot gain
admission to the floor. All we want is to get an
attendance of members here; and that can be
effected by opening the doors.
Mr. M ATTESON. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. I
ask tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Wentwqrth, of Massachusetts,
were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes forty, (a sufficient number.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided m the affirmative—yeaa 47, nays 58.
j So the House refused to suspend all further
j proceedings in the call.
S Pending the call of the roll,
| Mr. GREENWOOD said: I rise to what I
consider a question of privilege. It is in reference
to the rights of members to take part in these
j proceedings in reference to call. I would inquire
! of the Chair if gentlemen whose names appear
, among the list of absentees should find their way
into this Hall through any means, I care not how,
j whether they would have a right to participate in
! any proceeding in relation to this call of the House,
; until they shall have been brought in and excused ?
; The SPEAKER pio tempore. The Chair is of
| opinion that such members as have been excluded
from the bar by an order of the House have no
right to participate in the proceedings in refer-
ence to a call of the House, until after the order
i which excludes them has been rescinded; but the
! Chair cannot take notice of individual cases of
; violation of this rule, unless his attention is called
i directly to them.
I The question lecurs upon the motion made by
| the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sapp] to excuse his
; colleague, [Mr. Shannon,] upon which motion the
! yeas and miys hove been ordered.
( Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I desire to offer an
excuse for my colleagues, [Messrs. Mace and
1 Lane.]
I The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
j suggest to the gentleman that it is not in order to
{ do so at this time, as a motion to excuse a mem-
i ber [Mr. Shannon] is already pending. After
that question is disposed of, it will be in order to
! offer further excuses.
; Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. My principal object
in rising at this time, was to ascertain what the
practice of the House would be in that respect.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair holds
j that every gentleman has a right to an opportu-
' nity to make an excuse for his colleague or col-
' leagues, if he chooses to do so, provided he
; obtains the floor in a regular manner. The Ch*ir
j also holds that a member may insist upon having
every vote taken separately. The question now
] is noon the motion to excuse Mr. Shannon,
i Mr. KERR. Before I am called upon to vote
upon that question, I.desire to know whether I
j understand correctly the reasons which have been
: given for his absence? I understand it is alleged
that he is at home attending to necessary profes-
; sional business before the courts of his State.
Am J right in my understanding.
| The SPEAKER. That was the alleged ex-
| cuse.
i Mr. BALL. It is now past nine o'clock, (a, m,
| Friday,) and in order to give members an oppor-
tunity to get shaved and to clean up, I move that
the House adjourn until twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. WHEELER. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
Mr. TWEED. Tellers upon the yeas and
I nays.
| Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. The motion just made is to adjourn until
i twelve o'clock, a time certain, I submit that such
a motion is not in order.
; TheSPEAKER. TheChairsustainstheques-
tion of order, and rules the motion out of order.
! Mr. WHEELER, (at nine o'clock and forty
; minutes, a. m.) Then I move that the House do
| now adjourn; and upon that 1 demand the yeas
j and nays
; Many Voices. Tellers upon the yeas and nays.
, Tellers were ordered' and Messrs. Wheeler
! and Florence appointed.
j The House was then divided; and the tellers
| reported forty-eight in the affirmative (a sufficient
I number.")
