464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28.
Also, a petition of citizens of Calumet, Illinois,
praying the removal of the bar from the mouth of
Calumet river; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of Arabella Riley, widow of
Major Genera! Bennet Riley9 of the Army, pray-
ing a pension; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Also, five petitions of widows of officers of the
Army who have died itj. the service since the war
with Mexico, most of them of disease contracted
during the war, praying to be allowed half-pay
for five years; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. EVERETT. 1 have been requested to
present the memorial of inhabitants of Nantucket,
praying the erection of a breakwater, for the pur-
pose of deepening the water in the harbor at that
place. They represent that that harbor is the
•only place of refuge for a distance of one hundred
and that, through the sound between that
island and the main land, there pass every year,
by probable computation, not less than forty
thousand vessels; and that, as there are but seven
feet depth of water upon the bar, it is impossible
for vessels of any size, in stress of weather, to
take refuge in that place.
They state in this petition that on the afternoon
preceding the assembling of the town meeting at
which this memorial was unanimously adopted,
sixty-eight vessels passed the light-boat in the
sound bound for the east. At eleven o'clock on
the same evening a gale came on, and only four-
teen were near enough to get back to Martha's
Vineyard, which is a safe port, and most of those
that could not retreat were driven upon the shore,
and several entire crews perished in the storm. It
was probably in consequence of that event that
the meeting was held at which-this memorial was
unanimously adopted. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EVERETT presented the petition of
George Harlow and others, owners of the schoon-
er Argo, of Plymouth, Massachusetts, praying
that they may be allowed the usual bounty on their
vessel: which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Gen-
eral Nathan Towson, for himself, David R.
Whitely, and other members of Captain Tow-
son's artillery, in the war of 1812, praying to be
paid for the capture of the British s^iip Caledonia;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
AD'airs.
Also, the petition of the heirs of Mountjoy
Bayly, a captain in the Maryland line in the war
of the Revolution, asking to be allowed interest on
commutation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. FOOT presented a remonstrance of citi-
zens of Clarendon, Vermont, against the abroga-
tion of the Missouri compromise; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. MALLORY presented a memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce and citizens of Appalachi-
■cola, praying an appropriation for the erection of
a marine hospital nt that place; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MORTON presented the memorial of Jas-
per Strong and George Terrill, praying authority
to construct a railroad from the Perdido river to
the Bay of Pensacola, near the tosvnof Warring-
ton, Florida; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the presented a petition of citizensof West
Florida, praying the establishment of a new land
.district in Florida, west of the Chattnhoochie river;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, the memorial of Joseph Tatnall, junior, a
jvurser in the Navy, praying to be indemnified for
josses sustained while purser of the United Slates
,ship Dale, on the coast of Africa; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the memorial of Manuel Hernandez, pray-
ing a tract of land equivalent to one purchased by
him, the title to which*was confirmed by the com-
missioners of land claims in Florida, but the land
subsequently pold by the United States to pnother
person; which was referred to the Committee on
Piivdte Lnnd Claims.
Mr. COOPER presented the petition of James
A. Glanding, praying a pension on account of a
wound received m the defense of Baltimore in
1814; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. SEW ARD presented the petitions of Phcebe
Hascall, of New York, late widow of Sidney
Smith, a captain in theUnited States Navy, pray-
ing a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Also, the following petitions, &c., protesting
against a violation of the Missouri compromise,
which were ordered to lie on the table:
Two petitions of inhabitants of the State of
Michigan; _
Proceedings of a meeting of citizens of Roches-
ter, New York;
Proceedings of a meeting of mechanics and
others, citizens of New York:
Three petitions of citizens of the State of New
York;
Petition of fifty-five of the legal voters of Evans,
Erie county, New York;
Petition of fifty-seven of the legal voters of
Evans, Erie county, New York; and
Petition of fifty-six of the legal voters of Erie
county, New York.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented two petitions of
citizens of the United States, praying the repair
of the wharves and piers at Marcus Hook, in the
Delaware river; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also, fifty-four petitions of citizens of Phila-
delphia, praying that the United States Mint may
not be removed from that city; which were re-
ported to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented a memo-
rial of a convention of the Baptists of West Ten-
nessee, praying the adoption of measures to secure
religious toleration to American citizens in foreign
countries; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DAWSON presented the memorial of Wil-
liam Harris, praying to be allowed pay for the
term of five years which he served in the war of
1812, as sergeant in the eighth regiment of United j
States infantry; which was referred to the Com- '
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BAYARD presented two petitions of cit-
izens of the State of Delaware, praying that in
the organization of Nebraska, or any other Ter-
ritory, by law, the principle of non-intervention
by Congress in the institution of slavery, either
in the States or Territories, as recognized in the
compromise legislation of 1850, may be adhered
to; which were ordered to he on the table.
Mr. CHASE presented the following petitions
against the passage of any bill now, or at any
future p.eriod, to introduce slavery into Nebraska;
which were ordered to lie on the table:
Petition of Samuel Burwell and others, citizens
of Berlin, Holmes county, Ohio;
Petition of 49 citizens of Stark county, Ohio;
Petition of William T. Reese and others, cit-
izens of Guernsey and Noble counties, Ohio;
Resolutions of a public meeting of the citizens
of Delaware, Ohio;
Petition of Benjamin Sale and others, citizens
of Stark, Carroll, and Columbiana counties,
Ohio;
Petition of D. M. Moore and others, citizens
of Greenfield, Highland county, Ohio;
Petition of P. Dow and others, citizens of
Pennsylvania; I
Petition of citizens of Washington county, i
Pennsylvania;
Petition of John A. English and numerous citi- !
zens of Pennsylvania; '
Petition of William Marot and numerous citi- I
zens of Pennsylvania; !
Petition of E. Bemiz and others, citizens of'
Washington county, Pennsylvania; and
Petition of G4 citizens of Wayne Centre, Illi-
nois.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented four petitions
of citizens of Iowa, praying that a grant of land
may he made to aid in the construction of the Fort
Madison, West Point, Keosauqua, and Bloom-
field railroad; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of John P. Gaines in behalf
of persons residing in the Territory of Oregon who
are entitled to bounty land, respecting the location
Thereof; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That the petition ol David Felker be withdrawn
from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Oil motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Richard Chany
be withdrawn from the files of the Seriate, in order to be
presented ui the House of Representatives.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John E. Mariinbe with-
drawn fiom the files of the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
REPORTS PROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. PETTIT, from the Committee on Private
Lnnd Claims, to whom was referred the bill au-
thorizing a patent to be issued to Peter Poncin for
certain lands therein named, reported it back
without amendment, together with a report on the
subject; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Thomas S. Russell, praying compensation for ser-
vices performed in the Seminole Indian war, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee of
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Asbury Dickins, praying to be allowed the differ-
ence between the pay of a chief clerk in the Treas-
ury and State Departments, and that of the heads,
of those Departments, during the time he per-
formed the duties of the heads of those Depart-
ments, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee of Claims,
to whom were referred the documents relating to
the claim of John Metcalf, praying remuneration
for property lost during the last war with Great
Britain, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred the following bills from the
House of Representatives, submitted adverse re-
ports thereon; which were ordered to lie printed:
" Bill for the relief of Benjamin Rowe;"
" Bill for the relief of John Hamilton;"
" Bill for the relief of Parmelia Slavin, late the
wife of John Blue, deceased;" and
"Bill for the relief of Alton Nelson."
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the memorials of
Jeremiah Simmons and Joseph Penley, two of the
Dartmoor prisoners during the last war with Great
Britain, praying pensions, submitted an adverse
reriort thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
memorial of John R. Jefferson, of Mississippi,
praying compensation for carrying the mail, and
damages for the annulment of his contract by the
Postmaster General, submitted an adverse report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee of Claims, to
whom was referred the memorial of the heirs of
John Burnham, praying remuneration for losses
sustained by the capture of the ship Hope by an
Algerine cruizer, in 1793, submitted an adverse
report thereon.
PORT OF EWTRF AT KEOKUK.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Retolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making Keokuk,
111 Iowa, a port of entry and delivery.
PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am instructed, by the
Committee on Public Lands, to report a bill for
the relief of settlers on land reserved for railroad
purposes. I ask that the bill may now be read
through, and put upon its passage. It is a matter
of some urgency. It is necessary for the public
interest, and to secure private rights. 1 therefore
ask the Senate to consider the bill at once.
The bill was read a first and second time by
unanimous consent, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to allow settlers on the public lands,
(which have been or may be withdrawn from
