1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 43, nays 63.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to offer an excuse for
the absence of my colleague, [Mr. Simmons.]
The SPEAKER. A motion is already pending
to excuse the gentleman, from Ohio, [Mr. Shan-
non.] After that motion shall have been disposed
of other excuses will be in order.
Mr. WHEELER. I call for the yeasand nays
upon the pending motion.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
already been ordered.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Will it be in order to submit
a motion that all further proceedings in the call
be dispensed with ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. HOUSTON. Would it be in order to
move that the doors be open, and that the absen-
tees be allowed to come in and render their ex-
cuses to the House.?
[Cries of " No!"" No!"]
Mr. CRAKjE. That would not be in order,
Mr. Speaker, without unanimous consent, would
it?
The SPEAKER. It could not be done as long
as any gentleman objects to it.
[Cries of " Oh! let it be done! " and " Yes ! "
"Yes!"]
Mr. PURYEAR. I hope no objection will be
interposed to taking such a course. It will facili-
tate the business of the House very much. I sug-
gest that all objection to such a course be with-
drawn .
Mr. CRAIGE. I object to such a course be-
cause it would be unjust to one of my colleagues,
[Mr. Ashe ] He was sent for by order of the
House, and all other absentees ought to be treated
in the same way.
The SPEAKER. As long as any gentleman
objects, the course proposed by the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] cannot be pur-
sued.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. If I rccollect aright,
upon the vote which was last taken no quorum
voted. Now, I would inquire of the Chair, if we
now suspend the proceedings under this call, will
we not have to renew the call?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would reply to
the gentleman, that a motion for the call of the
House, or for an adjournment, does not require a
quorum at all.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. Is it then proposed
to suspend the call for the purpose of submitting
a motion that the House adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. That is for the House, and
not for the Chair, to determine.
Mr. HUGHES. There seems to be an uni-
versal desire that the absentees should be permit-
ted to come in informally, and to render their ex-
cuses to the House m propria persona.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object.
Mr. HUGHES. Very well; I only spoke of
it because the proposition came from that side of
the House.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion that nil further proceedings in the call
be dispensed with.
Mr. HUGHES. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 45, nays 53.
So the House refused to suspend further pro-
ceedings in the call.
Mr. SAPP. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen will suspend for
a moment, until a question of a highly privileged
character is disposed of. The Chair understands
that the Sergeant-at-Arms has another member in
custody.
Mr. JONES, of New York. A veiy high
privilege.
The Sergeant-at-Arms then reported to the
House that, in accordance with the order of the
House, he had taken in custody William Aiken,
and that he was then present.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman [Mr. Aiken]
will present himself before the body.
Mr. AIKEN presented himself at his seat.
The SPEAKER,. The gentleman stands charged
with having left the House without leave, and con-
trary to its orders. The gentleman is at liberty
to make bis excuse.
Mr. AIKEN. I plead guilty to the charge.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the gentleman
be excused; and upon that motion I ask the yeas
and nays.
[Cries of "No!" "No!" "Oh, no!"]
Mr. COBB. There is no objection to excusing
the gentleman, and what do we want of the yeas
and nays. I hope the gentleman will not insist
upon them.
A Voice. Campbell, do not insist upon them.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If there is no objection to
excusing the gentleman, I do not insist upon the
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ASHE. 1 wish to make a suggestion. I
think that the best mode we can adopt, in order'to
get along with the business, is to allow the ab-
sentees to come in, and render to the House their
separate excuses, without the necessity of going
through the formality of having them brought in
by the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. KEITT. I hope it will be done.
The SPEAKER. I?y the unanimous consent
of the House, the absentees will be allowed to
come in before the body ;and render their excuses.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that all further
proceedings in the call be dispensed with.
[Cries of "Let them come in !" " Let us set it
out!"]
Mr. HUGHES. I hope it will be allowed to
be done by unanimous consent.
[Cries of " Yes !" " Yes!"J
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] moves that all further proceed-
ings in the call be dispensed with.
Mr. liENN. I hope the gentleman from Ohio
will withdraw that motion, and allow the absentees
to come in.
[Cries of "Yes!" "Yes!"]
Mr. CAMPBELL. If there is a general dis-
position to let the absentees in, I have no objection
to their coming; but it looks like a half-way method
of doing business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
objection is withdrawn to the proposition made by
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Ashe.]
The doors will be thrown open, and the other ab-
sentees will be allowed to come in and render to
the House an excuse for their absence.
Mr. PRINGLE. Why not admit them, and
then suspend all further proceedings in the call'
The SPEAKER. That is a matter for the
House, and not for the Chair, to decide.
A Member. Objection to opening the doors
has been withdrawn.
TheSPEAKER. -TheOhairhears no objection,
and the order of the House will be changed so as
to allow the absentees to appear before this body,
and render their excuses; and shall, as the Chair
understands it, render their excuses.
[Cries of "Yes!" "Yes!"]
The SPEAKER. It is so ordered.
The doors of the Hall were then thrown open,
and the absentees came pouring in from every
direction in great numbers.
After order was restored, and the noise and con-
fusion consequent upon so large and sudden an
increase of members in the Hall had ceased,
The SPEAKER said: The order of the House
is, that the absentees who have just entered shall
appear at the bar of the House, and render ex-
cuses for their absence contrary to its orders. As
the most convenient mode of executing the order,
the names of the absentees will be called by the
Clerk, m their regular order.
The Clerk commenced calling the list of absent-
ees with the name of
Nathan Belcher.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman is present,
he will render his excuse.
Mr. BELCHER. I remained in the Housedur-
ing the past night as long as my health and strength
would permit. I then left the House, having
paired off with Mr. Hamilton, of Maryland.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move the gentleman be
excused.
Mr. SAPP. Upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays. .
[Cries of " Oh, no!" " Oh, no!"]
Mr. WHEELER. Oh, yes.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. If there is no objection,
I suppose the gentleman .will be excused -by
unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. ' But the gentleman frgm
New York [Mr. Wheeler] demarfda the yeas
and nays upon the proposition to excuse. ■
Mr. WHEELER. If there is no objection "to
excusing the gentleman, I withdraw the demand
for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER, (pausing a moment.) The
Chair hears no objection, and the gentleman is
excused by unanimous consent.
Peter H. Bell.
Mr. BELL. 1 have no particular excuse to
render. * I have absented myself but :one hour out
of the last twenty, and that happened to be when a
call of the House was ordered: 1 have no further
excuse.
Mr. KITTREDGE. I move the gentleman be
excused.
There being no objection, the gentleman was
excused.
Henry Bennett.
Mr. BENNETT. I staid here as long as 1 was
able, and went away. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (in his seat.) He
was able to get away then, was he ? :
By unanimous consent, Mr. Bennett was
excused.
Thomas H. Benton.
Mr. BENTON. I have, sir, to make my-ex-
cuse to the House, which I hope will be satisfac-
tory to gentlemen when they hear it. It was
neither on account of age or infirmities that I was
absent, for I never felt better. Nor did I paic off
with any person, although several good and true
men offered to walk off with me, in. whose com-
pany I should be proud to be found. But to pair
off was not within "my view of parliamentary
rules, and I have never done it, and 1 do not
mean, at this late day, to begin to learn anything
new. Jhitiquas vias—the old ways—is my motto.
I was absent, that is true, but without disre-
spect to the House, and without the least design
to impede its business, or to prevent the complete
transaction of the business, such as it was, in
which the House was engaged. [Laughter.]
I hope to be allowed, Mr. Speaker, to say, in
the presence of this House, that I have admired
the decorum, the urbanity, the dignity, and the
impartiality with which you have presided, and
the precision with which all questions have been
put by the Speaker. No real transaction could
have been conducted with more absolute propri-
ety and gravity than the Chair conducted the bus-
iness of this House during the whole of the last
evening. I was greatly gratified. I went away,
taking a survey of the Hcjuse, and seeing good
and true men sitting all around, and enough to
keep up a quorum to carry on the business of the
House, such as it was. [Laughter.] I saw that
my absence would make no difference at all, and
therefore I w'ent away, animus rcvertenlH, [laugh-
ter]—with design to return—not to escape the
business of the House, but to return to it re-
freshed and invigorated, and take my share, and
sit it out; to tell the exact truth, to husband and
save some strength for a pinch, when it should
come; for I did not think we had yet got to the
tightest place. 11 was therefore to be able to serve
the House better when it should more need ser-
vice, that I took a brief repose.
In .making this excuse to the House, I do not
wish'to be considered as having been absent until
now—until this hour. I have been waiting a long
time at the door, and am entitled to credit for the
time f was kept out. [Laughter.] I was not
brought back by the Sergeant-at-Arms, but' re-
turned voluntarily, and was stopped at the door,
and long debarred of entrance. Striking a balance
between the time I was voluntarily absent, and
the time I was involuntarily kept out, it would be
pretty near even worked outupon a fair equation,
and my delinquency would be very small. Taking
it in that sense, I am entitled to the decision of the
House that the account is nearly even, and", at all
events to a decision that there has been no dis-
respect to the House; being free from disrespect,
and from all desire to impede the progress of its
business. I hope this will be satisfactory to tlio,
House, and that I shall be excused, especially m
I declare that I will do better for time to come.
[Laughter.]
TheSPEAKER. If there he i^o objection, tiip
gentleman will be excused.
