2034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
passed assistant surgeon in the United States
Wavy;
An act for the relief of Henry La Reintree; and
An act to authorize the payment of invalid pen-
sions to the heirs of Lieutenant Robert White
and olhejs.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table the message which has just been
received from the President of the United States,
in order that it may be referred and printed.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the message should be presented ?
[Cries of " Yes ! " "Yes!"]
The SPEAKER accordingly laid before the
House a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, in answer to a resolution of the House
of Representatives of the 28th instant, requesting
information in regard to the destruction of San
Juan del Norte, inclosing therewith reports from
the Secretary of State and the Secretary of the
Uavy, with accompanying documents.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 move that the message and
accompanying papers be referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and be printed
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
Mr. PECKHAM. Is it proper to move that
the papers be read now.
[Cries of "Read!" "Read !"]
Mr. WHEELER. I call for the reading of
the papers.
The SPEAKER. The call for the reading
comes too late, the papers having already been
referred.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It has never been
customary to read the documents accompanying
a message, and it has never been done.
Mr. WHEELER. It is time it was done then.
Mr. PECKHAM. 1 do not insist upon it.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL AGAIN.
The committee then resumed its session, and
proceeded with the consideration of Senate amend-
ment number eighty-three, m reference to com-
pensation for codifying the laws of the Territory
of Washington.
Mr. LANCASTER. The Legislative Assembly
of the Territory of Washington convened in the
latter part of the month of February, and im-
mediately appointed a commission for the codi-
fication of us laws. They appointed the chief
justice of the Territory, one of the associate jus-
tices, and one of the late justices of the Territory
of Oregon, as such commission. By the labors
of these commissioners a code of laws, and a
full code, as 1 understand from my correspondents,
■was drawn up, and the time of the sitting of the
legislative body was very much diminished by the
aid of the labors of that commission. They have
Ei'rformed their duties as commissioners, and the
egislative Assembly has adjourned; and it was
supposed, from the course pursued by Congress
in such cases, that they were entitled to compensa-
tion for their services. I believe it will be admit-
ted that in almost every Territory of the United
States, commissioners have been appointed to aid
the Legislature in drafting the laws, and they have
been paid in every case where they have been so
appointed. Acting upon such precedents, the
Senate placed this amendment in the bill.
I believe I have set forth all the facts connected
with the case; that they were appointed by the
Legislature; that they sat as a board of commis-
sioners; that they drafted a code of laws and sub-
mitted it to the Legislature; that the code was
adopted; and that thereupon tho Legislature ad-
journed. Theamount placed in this bill is intended
for the payment of those commissioners.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, obtained the floor.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. If the gentleman will
allow me, I desire to propose an amendment.
_ Mr. JONES. I wish first to speak in opposi-
tion to the amend mental ready pending. I cannot
see the necessity of codifying the laws of the Ter-
ritory of Washington so early after its organiza-
ii necessary and proper that it
should be done, it would have been right for them
to have obtained an appropriation before they
directed the service to be performed. It is not
right that we should recognize the acts of a Ter-
ritorial Legislature, which creates liabilities upon
the Treasury of the United States, when those
acta are passed without the authority of Congress
If they pass laws incurring liabilities without first
obtaining that authority, they should look to their
own people, and raise the amount necessary by
taxation.
Sir, this is setting a bad precedent. It will be
a very bad practice if followed out. The Terri-
torial Legislatures will then become appropriating
powers, as well as the Congress of the United
States, out of the national Treasury. The whole
thing, I think, is wrong. Even if it were neces-
sary to have this service performed, they should
not have directed it to be done until Congress had
made an appropriation to defray the expenses.
The Committee of Ways and Means recommend
a non-concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. LANCASTER. I will not detain the com
mittee but a moment.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no proposition
before the committee that is debatable.
Mr. LANCASTER. 1 move to increase the
appropriation to §3,000.
Mr. Chairman, 1 cannot see the difference of
principle between Congress appropriating a cer-
tain sum of money beforehand and commissioners
acting after the appropriation is made, and the
principle of their acting before that appropriation
is made, if they acted properly and like honest
men. This, sir, is the most remote Territory be-
longing to this Government. It is, for the most
part, a wilderness. But, sir, it was organized by
the direction of Congress; and when that organi-
zation took place, it became necessary for that
legislative body to enact laws for the purpose of
giving validity to the business of the Territory;
and it also became necessary for them to call in
the aid of the most able men in the Territory to
frame a code of laws. The Legislative Assembly
accordingly employed the best talent that the Ter-
ritory afforded, and the best that could then be
,obtained, and a code of laws was framed. Yet
now the objection is raised that they acted before
an appropriation was made.
Sir, m Oregon a board of commissioners was
appointed for the same purpose; and the same
thing has been done, I believe, in several, if not
all, of the other Territories, for the purpose of
framing a proper code of laws for the government
of the Territory.
But the gentleman from Tennessee complains
that this board of commissioners acted before au-
thority was given them by Congress. Sir, it was
necessary that these laws should be enacted at
once, and it was necessary that they should be
framed into a proper code. These commissioners
performed that duty, and now ask as compensa-
tion for their labors, $2,500.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will ask the gen-
tleman if the judges of the Territory were ap-
pointed to perform this service?
Mr. LANCASTER. I will tell the gentleman
who they were. Chief Justice Lander, of Wash-
ington Territory, one of the associate justices of
Washington Territory, and ex-Judge Strong, of
Oregon. These were the three persons who con-
stituted that commission.
Mr. JONES. I suppose they had nothing else
to do ?
Mr. LANCASTER. This was not any part
of their duties as judges. They were appointed
at a certain salary to perform certain duties, and
they were not bound to perform others without
extra compensation.
Mr. PECKHAM. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that these commissioners were then
officers of the Government?
Mr. LANCASTER. They were then sitting
as judges.
1 will say now, in conclusion, not desiring
further to consume the valuable time of the com-
mittee, that the Territory was without laws, and it
does seem to me that we should not object to the
Legislature employing the best legal minds within
their reach for this purpose.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose that
there was a Legislature then to make laws.
Mr. LANCASTER. The appointment of this
commission for the purpose, was the cause of
the saving of a great deal of time and money.
The Legislature, to accomplish the same purpose,
would have been compelled to remain long in ses-
sion, and at a very heavy expense.
Mr. LANCASTER, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. 1 n>ove to amend the i
| Senate's amendment by substituting for it the
following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized to
settle arid pay the commission to frame a code of lawd
for the Territory of Wa.-hinpton, at theesame rate per diem
as has been allowed a similar board in Oregon.
Mr. Chairman, if the Senate amendment be
adopted, I desire that the amendment which I have
just offered may be made to it. It is the just prin-
ciple for the payment of these commissioners, and
I presume that the gentleman from Washington
will not object to it.
Now, I will state why I offered the amend-
ment. The Territory of Washington, by law,
provided that the commissioners for the framing
of its code of law should be paid ten dollars per
V|day. We did not ask that amount for the com-
missioners who framed thfrcode for Oregon. We
only asked half that price, i think {hat we had
better not discriminate between these Territories.
Theylayside by side. If the committee at all
provide for the payment of these commissioners,
let them be paid as those for Oregon were, at five
dollars per day.
The question was taken; and the amendment
to the amendment was agreed to.
The question was then put on the amendment
of the Senate, as amended; and, on a division,
there were—ayes sixty 
Mr. LETCHER. { demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Parker, were appointed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means have recommended a non-
concurrence in the Senate amendment.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes seventy-one; noes not counted.
So the Senate amendment, as amended, was
concurred in.
Eighty-fourth amendment:
For the completion of the geological reconnoissance of
the Territory of Washington, and to make detailed examin-
ations id the ooal and mmeial regions thereof, §10,000.
Mi*. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
recommend a non-concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. LANCASTER. I move to increase the
amount $100. Some time ago, I do not recollect
how long since, geologists were appointed to make
a geological survey of the Pacific coast. Their
field of labor was in Oregon Territory. The di-
vision of the Territory of Orfegon leaves the Ter-
ritory of Washington without a geological survey,
and there has not been an extended geological
reconnoisance upon the coast itself. The Pacific
coast is supposed to contain an immense amount
of coal. The coal now necessary to supply the
United States marine is taken to that part of the
country from the East. It is highly desirable that
these coal fields, which are supposed to lie upon
the coast, should be examined by geologists, and
this amendment of the Senate makes an appropri-
ation of $10,000 to carry out that object.
It appears to me highly important and neces-
sary that the Government should make this sur-
vey, and open the veins of these coal-fields for the
use of our steam marine. We ought not to seek
our coal-fields in Japan, in China, and other coun-
tries of the East. It is expected by this appro-
priation to develop and bring out the resources of
these fields. How much is expected to be attained
by this examination i am not able to say, but the
discovery of coal-beds alone, is sufficient of itself
to warrant the appropriation contained in the
amendment of the Senate. I hope the appropria-
tion may be granted, and that geologists may go
to that wilderness country, make an examination
of that coast, and show to the world, if there is
any truth in the statements which have been cir-
culated, that there is an abundance of coal upon
that coast. Let the survey and examination be
made by officers of the Government, in whose
statements the country will place implicit reliance.
1 hope the committee will agree to the amendment
of the Senate, and grant us this appropriation for
making that survey. Geological surveys are, by
no means, of recent date, or of unusual occurrence.
Several of the States have made them, as they had
power to do so, by acts of their own legisla-
te
tion. Such surveys have been made in some of
the Territories, and is it unreasonable, situated as
we are, that we should ask for an examination of
the Pacific coast to be made at the expense of this
Government, in order to ascertain whether we can-
not come in competition with foreigners in supply-
ing our own marine with coal?
