1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
newand remote country; and if the bill comes from
the Committee on Public Lands and meets with
their approbation, as I understand it does, I hope
it will pass.
Mr. MORGAN. I would ask the gentleman
from Michigan how many land offices there are
now in that State; and how near the nearest of
them is to that proposed to be established by this
bill'
Mr. STEVENS. There are only five land of-
fices in the State of Michigan. One of them is
located in the city of Detroit, one at Kalamazoo,
one at Ionia, one at Flint, in Genesee county, and
one at Sault Ste. Marie; making, in all, five land
offices in the State. In the northern part of the
State there is no office, and the nearest one to
that proposed to be located is that at Sault Ste.
Marie, which is over a hundred miles distant.
Mr. LETCHER. I should hketo know whether
the bill proposes to abolish 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Morgan] has the floor.
Mr. MORGAN. I will yield the floor to the
gentleman from Virginia to propose his question.
Mr. LETCHER. Thecjuestion I desire to ask
from the gentleman from Michigan is,whetherwe
cannot abolish some of the old land offices when
this new one is created; whether there is any sort
of necessity to keep them all open there?
Mr. DISNEY, if the gentleman from Vir-
ginia would reflect a moment he would remem-
ber that there is a law on the statute-book which
provides for the discontinuance of a land office in
a district where the amount of public lands in that
district is less than a hundred thousand acres.
There can be no office unless that or a larger
amount of public lands is in the district. The
Committee on Public Lands have considered the
whole matter in this bill, and it is to be supposed
they have done so with fairness, as they under-
stand all the facts. ^
Mr. WENTWORTH said the passage of this
bill would assist very much to break up one of the
greatest abuses existing under the General Gov-
ernment. The lands in that region were very much
in demand for their timber, and, forwantof a land
office there, the people were too much in the habit
of taking the timber without buying the land;
which they would be the last to do if there was a
land office there. People went to the timber coun-
try and made their selections; and,having done so,
they dared not leave them to be gone several weeks
to enter them.
The establishment of this office would do much
towards doing away with our present system of
keeping up what is called " the timber agency
Men are sent out there to prevent timber stealing.
But they do not do any such thing. Theirfriends,
and those who pay tribute to them, steal all they
please. Others are allowed to steal and get the
lumber to the vessel. Then the agents seize it,
sell it, and put the money in their own pockets;
and if the depredator complains, these agents per-
secute the depredators to penury and want in our
United States courts.
These agents have collected hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars, but they have never paid one
dollar into the Treasury; and they are now prose-
cuting honest men in our courts, merely because
they—having mistaken section lines, after having
given up all their lumber and paid damages—have
sent me vouchers to show the Secretary of the In-
terior, to prove that, while they were sent out to
keep men from stealing lumber, they themselves
are stealing money; or, what is the same thing,
taking money and not paying it into the Treas-
ury.
I am for getting rid of these agents. They have
imposed upon the Governmentlongenough. They
have oppressed western lumber men long enough.
And, as one of the best means thereof, 1 hope this
office will be established. I therefore move the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. Tellers have been demanded
on the proposition to refer the bill.
Telleis were not ordered.
The question was then taken on ordering the
bill to be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and to be printed;
which question was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on ordering the bill
to be engrossed, and read a third time.
The House divided; and the question was de-
cided in the affirmative—89 rising in support of it.
The bill having been engrossed, it was subse-
quently read a third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. DISNEY, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on i'ublic Lands, to which
was referred the memorial and paper# of William Darby,
be discharged from the further consideration thereof, and .
that the same be referred to the Committee of Claims. - J
LANDS FOR RAILROADS IN WISCONSIN^
Mr. DISNEY. I am directed by the Committee
on Public Lands to report to the House, Senate bill
No. 149, "granting a portion of the public land
to the State of Wisconsin, to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and a branch road in that State,"
with an amendment, and with a recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill was reported to the House by its title.
The amendment reported by the committee was
to add at ihe close of section first, the following :
Piovided, That no land on either side of t-aid road, s-outh
of Janesville, shall be grunted to tlie State of Wisconsin by
virtue of any piovision of this act.
Mr. DISNEY. It seems to be desirable that
this bill should be put upon its passage. Perhaps,
in that view, it may not be amiss to say a word
or two, and but a word or two, in relation to it.
This bill provides for the grant of land in the
State of Wisconsin for the purpose of construct-
ing two railroads, one from the southern boundary
of the State, running northerly by way of Janes-
ville, in Rock county, and Fon du Lac, on Lake
Winnebago, to such point on Lake Superior as
may be designated under the authority of that
State; and for the construction of a branch road
from Janesville, by way of Madison, to the St.
Croix river, near the falls thereof, in said State.
From Janesville south there is a road being
constructed which connects that town with Chi-
cago, and thence, by existing railroads, with other
portions of the Union. The bill, as it came from
the Senate, extends this grant down to the south-
ern boundary of the State. But as a portion of the
road between Chicago and the town of Janesville
is, in fact, substantially constructed, or being con-
structed, and the means provided therefor, we
thought it not politic, upon the part of the Gov-
ernment, to aid in the construction of that part of
the road; hence the committee have recommended
the amendment which has been read, which is to
strike out so much thereof as refers to lands which
lie south of the town of Janesville.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of order.
Does the Speaker deride that when a bill has been
sent to us from the Senate, and is read a first and
second time for the purpose of reference, and af-
terwards it is reported back, it must not be again
read a first, second, and third time?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
bill received its first and second reading, under the
rules of the House, before its reference, and the
question is now upon ordering the bill to be read
a third time.
Mr. MILLSON. I did not understand the Chair
to decide that it was read when referred to the
committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does so decide;
and that it is now before this body, upon order-
ing it to a third reading. The question, however,
is first upon the adoption of the amendment re-
ported by the committee.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish to inquire
whether a motion to commit this bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House would not have pri-
ority ?
Mr. DISNEY. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH. Then I make that motion.
Mr. DISNEY. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Disney] does not yield the floor for the pur-
pose of any such motion.
Mr. SMITH. I thought the gentleman said
that such a motion had priority?
Mr. DISNEY. I did say so; but the gentleman
cannot make the motion while I occupy the floor.
I was about proceeding to state, Mr. Speaker,
that those two roads were intended to place the
central and northern parts of the State indirect
communication with the Atlantic States of the
Union. They traverse a portion of the State which
now constitutes a part of the public domain, upon
which there are vast tracts of public lands not now
alienated from the General Government, but still
remaining in its possession and ownership. The
amount of land which would be granted by the
provisions of this act is about two millions and a
half of acres. Viewing the bill as the committee
have considered it, all 1 may be allowed to state to
the House is, that my advocacy of railroads is
limited to those cases, and those only, wheie in-
dividual proprietors, owning the same lands with
the Federal Government, through which it was
proposed to construct said roads, would deem it a
matter of pecuniary advantage and sound policy
to have them constructed.
I make this remark in order to get behind all
questions of constitutional objection. The com-
mittee decided, and it has been conceded by every
one who has given any attention to this matter,
that the General Government, as the owner of this
public domain, has the right to make such dis-
position of it as shall enhance its s:enera! value,
under that general clause of the Constitution which
gives Congiess the power to dispose of and make
all needful rules and regulations in regard to the
Territories of the Union. This view of the ques-
tion has been sanctioned by our present Execu-
tive, and the advantages to result from it have
been set forth in the report of the Secretary of the
Interior, during the present session of Congress,
and sustained, too, by the opinions of the Com-
missioner of the Genera! Land Office, in his ref-
erence to the past experience and the results
which have ensued from similar grants. Besides
all this, even Mr. Calhoun himself has heretofore
avowed and sustained this very doctrine; and,
with the permission of the House, in order that
they may understand precisely the views of the
committee in regard to the position we occupy as
to the pending bill, arid all similar bills, I now beg
leave to call their attention to a passage from the
report made by Mr. Calhoun, in 1846:
" Your committee will next proceed to consider that por-
tion of the memorial which relates to tlw; communication by
rai!ioa(N between the valley of the Mississippi and the south-
ern Atlantic States Thev legaid ivoiks of the kind as be-
longing to internal improvement*, (that is, improvements
within the body of the States,) arid, as such, are, in their
opinion, not embraced in the power to regulate commerce.
But they are, nevei rheless, of the opinion that wht-re such
road*, or other woiks of internal improvement*?, may pass
through public lands, the United States may contribute to
their construction, in their character of proprietors, to the
extent that they mav be enhanced in price thereby. This
has usually been done, by ceding alternate sections on the
piojected line of such work-; and it is believed that no
mode of contributing, more fair or better calculated to guard
against abuses, can be deviled. That Congress has a right
to make <ueh contributions, where there is reasonable
ground to believe that the public lands will he enhanced in
proportion, under us right to dispose of the 'territory and
other public property of the United States,' yourcommittee
cannot doubt. In making this assertion they hold to the
rule of sti ict construction, and that this power, like all the
other powers of the Government, is a trust power, and, as
«ueh, is sti ictly limited by the nature and object of the trust.
In this case the rule require-* that the lands, and other public
propelty ot the United Slates, should be disposed of to the
be-t advantage; and where that can be done by contributing
apoition to works which would make the residue equally
or more valuable than the whole would be without it. as is
supposed, they hold it would be strictly within the rule.
Your committee go further. They are of the opinion, not
only lhat Congress has, the right to conti ibute to the extent
stated, in such case?, but that it is in duty bound to do s=o,
as the representative of a part of the propnetors of the land
to be benefited. Jt would be neither just nor fair for it to
stand by and realize the advantage they would derive from
the work without contributing a due proportion towards
its constiuction. It would be still less justifiable to refuse
to contribute, if its effect* should be to defeat a vvoik, the
construction of which, while it would enhance the value of
the land belonging to the public, and that of individual pro-
prietors, would promote the prosperity of the country gen-
erally."
In all this I fully concur, as I remarked a mo-
ment ago. I take occasion, however, to say, that
in the course of the present session of Congress
I shall show, in a report which L shall present in
connection with another bill, what I hold to be a
strictly constitutional rule with regard to the power
of the Government in the disposition of its pub-
lic lands. I' repeat, sir, that I only make these
remarks now in order to show the members of the
House that, in reference to the pending bill, there
is no question of constitutional law involved. It
is simply a practical question, addressing itself to
the good sense of the gentlemen of the House.
It is simply a question whether they will make
such donations of the publiclands as will enhance
the value of the public domain, carrying along
with it ail those auxiliary considerations of the
greatgeneral benefit it will confer,and the immense
pecuniary benefit it will bring to the State of Wis-
consin in this particular case.
There can be no doubt that the donation of
these lands to aid in the construction of the rail-
roads for which they are to be given will have
the effect, not only to enhance the value of the
