2036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
the State of Missouri, to be tried before the dis-
trict or circuit court of the United States held
there, or to the district or circuit court of the
United States of Arkansas.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Chairman, I hope this
  committee will agree with the Committee of Ways
and Means,and rion-concurin the Senate's amend-
ment. I think this committee will act wisely in
so doing. I do not know that it is necessary for
me to argue the question as to whether there is
any occasion for this appropriation to be made at
this particular time? The total want of popula-
tion in these Territories to be governed; the fact
that no officers have ventured out there yet, and
that emigrants going there with the intention to
settle are having to fight their way in, and the
lateness of the season now; all seem to concur in
showing that this appropriation is wholly gratui-
tous at this time, and uncalled for.
But there is another question lying backof this.
For one, I am desirous of knowing distinctly
whether gentlemen here, upon the other side of the
House, are anxious to commence tinkering with
the Kansas and Nebraska act already. Do they
start the proposition to repeal it in whole, or in
any of its parts. Here is, in this amendment of
the Senate, most certainly, a provision to repeal
a part of it; and the gentleman from Missouri has
asked us to concur in that provision to repeal a
portion of it. I hope this committee will do no
such thing; but will, on the contrary, at once,
and without further debate, non-concur.
Sir, if the wishes of the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Phelps] are complied with, a door will
be opened here into that Kansas and Nebraska
act at which some other gentlemen will like to
enter. If this is to be- an open question, I and
others will desire to take a hand in it. I remember
when that memorable act was upon its passage
here but a short time ago, thai I begged, and other
gentlemen here urged, the House to allow us to
offer some amendments to that bill. We advised
the friends of the measure that, in our opinion, it
was unwise, hasty, and very indiscreet legislation,
to say the very least of it. I think the whole
House will remember that, and some other facts
connected with its passage. I doubt whether it
can be forgotten. Are the friends of that bill sick
of it already; or is the bill so weakly that it needs
doctoring now? Has so brief a period as two
months convinced gentlemen of their fatal error,
and brought round a state of things that makes it,
in their judgment, desirable to repeal a part of
that act ? Sir, they must remember that there is
another part of that act to which we are as averse,
which is as offensive to us as the provision they
seek to repeal is to them. But if they insist upon
the repeal of this portion which the Senate has
asked us to repeal, I feel it my duty to inquire of
the Chairman if it is in order for me to move to
insert after the words "Port Leavenworth" the
following:
And also so much thereof as declares Hie Missouri com-
promise superseded, inoperative, and void so llint it will
then read, "ami so much of the act for tile organization of
(lie said Territories as located the seat of government of
Kansas at Fort I.eavenwortli; and also so much thereof
as deelaies the Missouri compromise superseded, inopera-
tive, and void, is hereby repealed.
If, Mr. Chairman, gentlemen upon the other
side of the House will open that subject, and re-
peal the bill in certain particulars, we, upon this
side of the House, will, of course, feel ourselves
justified in following their example; and not
knowing whether they will vote for the "Senate
amendment, we must vote in ours before we allow
them a vote on that question, otherwise they will
get a repeal of what is obnoxious to them, whilst
we shall fail in bringing them to a trial upon our
amendment.
But 1 hope this committee will engage in no
such business. The Committee of Ways and
Means think it a wiser course to non-concur in
this amendment. And i hope this committee will
take the vote at once, alid non-concur, and pro-
ceed to consider tire other amendments of the
Senate to the bill.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, then
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. WALLEY. I move to amend by striking
out the word's, '' as located the seat of government
of Kansas at Fort Leavenworth," and inserting
the following:
" And so much of said act as repeals the eighth section
of the act providing for the admission of Missouri be, and
the same areso that the clause would tead:
For the erection of public buildings in the Territories
of Kansas and Nebraska, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Governors thereof, respectively, $25,000 for each
of said Territories; and so much of the act for the organi-
zation of said Territories as repeals the eighth section of
the act providing for the admission of Missouri, be, and
the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. JONES. I rise to a question of order.
That amendment is not germane. This is an ap-
propriation bill.
Mr.WALLEY. Thesection already provides
for a partial repeal. I pro'pose to make a further
repeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the
opinion that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move an amendment: to
strike out the words " so much of," and also the
words «' as located the seat of government of Kan-
sas at Fort Leavenworth," so that the clause will
read:
For the erection of public buildings in the Territories of
Kansas and Nebraska, to be expended under the direction
of the Governors thereof, respectively, $35,000 for each of
said Territories; and the act for the organization of said
Territories is hereby repealed.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
question of order. I ask whether the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio is in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is in order.
[Cries of " Read the amendment."]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
proposes to strike out the words " so much of,"
in the nine hundred and eighty-third line, and to
strike out in the nine hundred and eighty-fourth
line the words " as located the seat of government
of Kansas at Fort Leavenworth;" so that the
section, if so amended, will read:
For the erection of public buildings m the Territories of
Kansas and Nebraska, to be expended under ihe direction
oi" tilt? Governors thereof, respectively, §95,000 for each of
said Territories; and the aet for the organization of said
Territories is hereby repealed.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. The Chair
having ruled that amendment in order, I take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair; and I desire
to state the grounds on which 1 base my appeal.
My reason for the appeal is simply this: The
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio proposes
to accomplish precisely what the Committee of
Ways and Means proposes to accomplish in
striking out the section. The effect of the gentle-
man's amendment is to nullify the whole section,
and make it of rib effect at all, while the proposition
of the Committee of Ways and Means is to strike
it out. The clause proposes to appropriate money
to be expended within the Territory, but the gen-
tleman's amendment proposes to repeal the terri-
torial act; and he attempts to accomplish indirectly
what the Committee of Ways and Means pro-
poses to accomplish directly. It is therefore out
of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will perceive that it is not for the Chair to
decide a question of this sort. The Chair cannot
be responsible for the fact as to whether the com-
mittee legislate sensibly or not.
Mr. STANTON. Well, my proposition is to
let the committee decide the question.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I desire to ask the Chair for
information. I understand that the Chair has de-
cided that in an appropriation bill an amendment
proposing to repeal the territorial acts of Kansas
and Nebraska is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman froui Ohio
proposes to strike out certain words. It is in
order for him to do so. If the words left in the
clause repeal an act, the Chair cannot be respon-
sible for it.
The question being " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. SOLLERS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hughes and
Kbit r were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 97, noes 30.
the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
Mr, Giddings's amendment ruled in order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I regret that so many gen-
tlemen should appear to have felt it necessary to
oppose my amendment. Sir, I have offered it in
^ the most perfect good faith. I entertam no doubt
j that its repeal will meet v/ith the hearty approval ij
• I r>f the President, for whom I entertain feelings of I:
Mr.
oijfier.
, i Jig to!
if The
kindness. I have no doubt that his entire Cabinet
most heartily desire its repeal, and would now
be still more grateful could they say it had never
been passed. For them, too, I have the kindest
regard, and would repeal this law, if I had no
other inducement than to relieve them from a bur-
den, an incubus which sits heavily upon them,
and is rapidly sinking them in the estimation of
the American people. And I am quite sure that
if gentlemen here would not conceal their feelings,
they would unite with me most heartily in the
repeal of this law.
Mr. MACDONALD. I rise to a question of
1 submit that the gentleman is not speak-
his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair requests that
Ihe gentleman will confine himself strictly to his
amendment. The gentleman had not proceeded
far enough to enable the Chair to decide precisely
to what point they were tending. But judging
from the commencement of his remarks, the gen-
tleman will not be in order if he does not get a
little nearer to his amendment. [Laughter.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will endeavor to keep my-
self within the rules. I urge the adoption of the
amendment for the reason that, in justice and pro-
priety, it ought to pass. This law ought to be
repealed. Every moral and every political con-
sideration worthy of statesmen urges that it be
stricken from our statute-book. In this opinion,
I sincerely think, every member of this body con-
curs. Or perhaps I should rather say I believe
every member regrets its passage; but the partisan
attachments of some may lead them to regard it as
better to let it remain until next session. I speak
of this consciousness of members from the pre-
sumption which teaches me that all have carefully
noticed its effect upon the people, both North and
South, and have contemplated the results which
must inevitably flow from it. On those pornts it
would appear almost impossible that any two
members can differ. In this way I arrive at the
conclusion in my own mind, that no members of
this body can be found who do not, in the inner-
most recesses of their hearts, desire the repeal of
this law, and regret its enactment.
Sir, this law has had its full effect on some
points. Indeed, I can almost say it has done its
perfect work, in scattering the old political organ-
izations of the country to the four winds of
heaven. It has obliterated old party lines, and
thrown Whig and Democratic parties into chaos.
Old fogies of the North and progressives of the
South now find themselves so mixed up with each
other, that at times I have been led to believe they
had forgotten their own identity; while many
southern members have become conscious of duty,
and now " sit clothed in their right minds" acting
with northern patriots. It is in vain that we hear
the cry of Whiggery, or the more solemn and
heart-rending appeals of the old line Democracy.
They grow more and more faint, and both will
soon be lost amid the rolling thunders of Repub-
licanism and free Democracy. It has left the
President in a minority; in truth, he is now very
much in the condition of his grand Whig proto-
type, John Tyler, who boasted of presenting to
the world the phenomenon of " A President with-
out a party;" or if he be not now without a party,
we may reasonably expect he will soon be in that
condition, if this law be not repealed. This stat-
ute has also created an excitement throughout the
country, to which no other political movement has
approximated. It is to the Administration like
that which was written upon the wall to Belshaz-
zar. It not only says this Administration has
been weighed in the balance and found wanting
by the popular judgment of the nation, but it fore-
tells the downfall of our "American Babylon"
—of that power which has so long swayed the
destinies of this Republic. If it be "true that God
brings good out of evil, surely I, and,pll lovers of
liberty, have cause to thank those who brought
forward and advocated the Nebraska bill. We
have passed dry-shod over the sea of popular
commotion, whose billows parted to let us through,
and then returned to overwhelm the hosts of op-
pression. We witness the effect of this law in
the country. It isexhibited in our primary meet-
ings, in mammoth conventions, in the tone of the
public press, in our sermons, in the action of our
clergy, of our lawyers and our judges, our farm-
ers and mechanics; among all classeB it has created
an intense feeling that bids defiance to all the mes-
