46-*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 23,
lands in the Stats of Wisconsin, but, as I have
said, it will bring; to the Government ready pur-
chasers for the land which it reserves for itself,
and settlers for the land; thus the Government
will be greatly the gainer by the proposed grants;
and its effects upon the Atlantic cities will be ob-
vious to every one. As I have said, it brings di-
rectly in contact the Atlantic ports of the Union
with the resources which may be developed by
the consequent improvement and settlement of
central and northern Wisconsin. With these re-
marks, I leave the matter in the hands of the
House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should be very
glad if the House would, just for one moment,
give their attention to this subject. I understand
that this bill has been but just reported to the
House.
The SPEAKER. It is a Senate bill, passed by
that body, received her*,and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. It, was this morning re-
ported back by that committee to the House.
Mr. SMITH. So ( understand it. It has
been referred to a committee of this House, and
only just now reported back with an amendment.
It has never before been laid upon our tables.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 rise to a ques-
tion of order. I desire to know if the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Disney] has yielded the floor al-
together? i
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio i
did conclude his speech, and took his seat. The'
gentleman from Virginia is now entitled to the I
floor. I
Mr. JONES. Then I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will, before he concludes his remarks,
move to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SMITH. That is just what I propose to
do.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask my colleague to yield
me the floor, to enable me to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Public Lands [Mr. Disney] a
question.
Mr. SMITH yielded the floor for that purpose.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand there are, in
all, some two hundred bills of this character, pro-
posing to donate the public lands in quantities
from half a million to two or three millions at a
time.
I desire to make this suggestion to the gentle- ;
man, which I hope will be acceptable to him—
that we should take all these bills together, and
consider and discuss them fairly, when we shall
have had an opportunity to examine them all.
What objection can the committee have to that?
Mr. DiSNEY. I do not understand the gen-
tleman's point.
Mr. LETCHER. I will repeatniysuggestion.
I understand that there are some two or three
hundred of these bills at this end of the Capitol,
or at the other, or at the two combined, and that
they propose to donate from five hundred thousand
to two or three millions of acres each for the purr
poses of these improvements. Now, my inquiry
of the gentleman is this: Why cannot all of these
bills be reported at one lime, and directed to be
printed, so that we may have an opportunity to
investigate them, and some time fixed for their
consideration and discussion in this House?
Mr. DISNEY. The very idea whirl) the gen-
tleman from Virginia suggests was one of the very
first ideas that suggested itself to the Committee
on Public Lands with reference to these bills.
We were animated by a most anxious solicitude
to have as many of them before us as we possibly
could before we came to any decision on the sub-
ject; but they came in in such numbers that we
found it utterly impossible to adopt any such idea
as that suggested by the gentleman.
There is one idea involved, rather than ex-
pressed, in the remarks of the gentleman, which
I desire to notice. He speaks of the multitude
of these bills, and the amount of land involved in
each. Well, now permit me to state to the gen-
tleman that he need not entertain any very great
alarm or apprehension as to the extent to winch
the Committee on Public Lands of this House will
go in that regard. I am not authorized to make
any such declaration; but upon a full view of the
present state of the facts, having: reference to all
the bills now before the committee, and which
will probably be presented, I think I shall not err
a great deal when I say that the committee will
not probably report to this House bills embracing
lands to a greater amount than fifteen or twenty
millions of acres in the whole; and that will only
give to each of these States an amount equal to that
which has been granted to the State of Illinois.
Mr. LETCHER. The chairman of the Com-
no$t.tee on Public Lands suggests that I need not
be at all alarmed at the idea that the committee are
going very far in disposing of the public lands, for
that he thinks the probability is that they will not
grant more than fifteen or twenty millions at a
time.
Mr. DISNEY. In the whole.
Mr, LETCHER. Well, sir, they have begun,
in this bill, with two millions and a half acres.
It will not take long to make up fifteen or twenty
i millions at that rate.
1 Mr. DISNEY. That may be.
Mr. LETCHER. There are now two or three
1 hundred of these bills before the committees of the
| two Houses,and others are being daily presented;
i and I should like to know what proportion of the
I public lands they embrace. My suggestion to the
I chairman of the committee grew out of the fact
i that 1 wanted to see all these bills together, in
i order to ascertain whether there are public lands
1 enough to supply all these grants.
! Mr. SMITH, (resuming ) I think the House
j will, at least, admit that 1 have grained veiy hb-
s eral indulgence to the gentlemen who have inter-
rupted me. I rise now merely for the purpose of
calling the attention of the House to the real im-
portance of this question. Will the House act
deliberately upon the question before it? Will
they seriously and intelligibly consider the bills
reported for their adoption?
The bill is one from the Senate; and, as I re-
marked before, was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, which reported it back with amend-
ments The bill, then, now for the first time on
our table, is to be definitely acted upon. 1 ask
;! this House—I ask eveiy membei on this floor—
if the} are able to act intelligibly on the bill? Do
they know its features ? Have they any more in-
formation on the subject than that afforded by the
chairman of the committee who reported it? Have
they been able to look over the printed bill which
has been laid on our desks? And, in the name
of common sense, will this body of Representa-
tives of the people act on such an important ques-
tion, involving- such serious principles, without
being intelligibly informed of what it is doing?
Yet we are called on to do it; and the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Disney] gets up here gravely,
and with his usual intelligent manner, and seems
to consider, as a matter of course, that the bill
will be passed. I think that this House ought
not to countenance such a proceeding.
If we go on in this way, as my colleague over
the way remarked, we .shall not have land enough
to satisfy the demands made on it. We have the
homestead bill, which is to satisfy the wants of
half a million a year. It is difficult to tell what
amount of land will be required for that purpose.
We have another bill to satisfy the soldiers who
have been engaged in the public defense in the
war of 1812, and the various Indian wars. We
are informed by the Secretary of the Interior, that
to carry out the provisions of that bill, some
eighty-three millions of acres of the public do-
main must he disposed of. If you give all the
railroads th* land which they ask, these objects
of your bounty, involved in the bills to which 1
have referred, will have nothing but the cuttings
of the public domain. But the question, I ae;ain
say, is this: Will this House act on this bill with-
out opportunity being afforded members to thor-
j[ oughly investigate and pioperly undeistand it?
|| Believing that it will not, I now move that the bill
ji be rtfetred to the Committee of the Whole on-the
!I state of the Union.
ji Mr. DOWDELL. I am a friend to the railroad
J| system; but if this bill be now forced to its pas-
;| sage, I shall be compelled to vote against it. I
,j want these matters investigated. There is but one
j| rule to he applied in the disposition of this matter;
ji and that is, we are to act the part of a wise trus-
i' tee; and the road that does not come within the
j_ line of that policy ought not to be patronized.
How, then, are we to determine without investi-
U gntion?—and how can we investigate unless the
ji bill be sent to the Committee of the Whole on the
j| state of the Union, that we may all have an op-
!l portumty of understanding the facts ?
This system, atbest, is unequal in its operation.
The public domain has been acquired by the com-
mon treasure of the whole Union; and while I hail
from the State in which a great portion of the land
is public land, I am unwilling to give my support
to any policy which would operate unjustly to
the older States of the Union.
I am for equality—it is democratic. It is con-
trary to all democratic principles to make any dis-
tinction in the disposition of these public lands.
The granting of alternate sections to railroads pro-
ceeds on the principle that the remaining land will
be enhanced, and thereby that the Treasury of the
Government will receive no detriment.
Now, sir, let these grants for roads be investi-
gated. Let every bill be thoroughly examined;
and I again say, if this one be now forced to
its passage, that I shall be constrained to vote
against it. I have introduced a bill for a like pur-
pose; it has been carried on the Calendar, and is
now before the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I am willing that it shall be
investigated; and if it should turn out that it
comes not within this line of policy, I am willing
to see it defeated. I shall not vote for any meas-
ure which would do injustice to the old States of
this Union. I must be satisfied that the remain-
ins lands shall be enhanced in value, and that the
Treasury of the United States shall receive no det-
riment. I am opposed to this policy, and there
are other friends of mine in this House who are
also opposed to it, and who will vote against this
measure if it be put directly on its passage. I
therefore move to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and on
that I ask the previous question.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion for the
previous question already pending, made by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smitii.]
Mr. SMITH. 1 withdraw my motion.
Mr. DISNEY. I hope the gentleman from Ala-
bama will withdraw his call for the previous ques-
tion, to enable me to make a statement.
Mr. DOWDELL. I will do so, if the gentle-
man from Ohio will renew it.
Mr. DISNEY. Of course I will.
The SPEAKER. Is the demand for the pre-
vious question withdrawn?
Mr. DOWDELL. 1 have consented to with-
draw it on the ground that it be renewed by the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. COBB obtained the floor.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to make a statement,
Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama, not having spoken, has a right to the floor;
and if he insists upon it, the Chair must so de-
cide, under the ruie.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker, I regret that my
colleague, [Mr. Dowdell,] who, I am perfectly
satisfied, is determined to do what he believes to
be right, has not investigated the case to his entire
satisfaction, so as to enable him to determine
whether he will vote against it, or for it, on its
merits.
A Member. There has not yet been time to
investigate it fully.
Mr COBB It has been a question before Con-
gress for several sessions. I have been, from the
commencement of this Congress, disposed to refer
everything to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, or to the Committee of the
Whole House, as the case might be. I advocated
that policy at an early day of the session; and 1
thought that it was generally adopted. But since
action was taken on the question then, I have seen
bill ufiei bill reported here, and put upon its pas-
| sage. I believed, sir, that that was the fixed de-
I termination of the House.
It is due to my constituents, to this House, and
to myself, to say that when I reported a hill pro-
posing to grant to the State of Alabama lands for
the purpose of constructing a railroad therein. I
embraced in that report my colleague's hill. He
then ui ged upon me to procure it a final and favor-
able report, believing the principle of it correct. I
am satisfied that the gentleman then investigated
tins very measure, now under discussion, as thor-
oughly as he has investigated his own, and which
investigation enabled him to arrive at the conclu-
sion that it was correct And 1 am satisfied that,
when he has considered it. he will not hesitate for
a moment to support this measure with his whole
heart, and with that ability which distinguishes
