1178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
be a privileged motion. I move that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Upon that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENN. Is the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Edgerton] in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order, m the opinion
of the Chair.
IS THIS DAY FRIDAY?
Mr. HENN. Does the Chair rule this day to
be Friday? Under the previous decision of the
Chair, the legislative day of yesterday has not
yet terminated
The SPEAKER. This is Friday, and it is
private bill day. The legislative session of yes-
terday has not terminated, but each day, under
our rules, must be regarded m all our sessions,
Mondays, Fridays, or other days.
Mr. SEWARD. Do I understand the Chair
as deciding that the motion made by the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Edomuon] is in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that it
was m order, under an express rule of the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. i rise to a question of
order. Is there not an appeal from a decision
of the Chair pending, and would not that take
precedence of the motion made by the gentleman
from Ohio? *
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it
would not. There is an appeal pending from the
decision of the Chair, but the appeal attaches to
the proposition of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr Uichaudson,] to close debate upon the Ne-
biaska and Kansas bill. When the House take
up that subject, they must consider the appeal and
ail questions connected with it.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend the motion of the gentleman from Ohio by
inserting, in the place of the " Private Calendar,"
the " Nebraska and Kansas bill."
The SPEAKER. The Nebraska and Kansas
bill is in the Committeeol the Whole on the slate
of the Union, and we have an express rule with
regard to the course of proceeding there, which
precludes any such motion as that made by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. WRIGI IT. Is not the motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Edgkkton] open to amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
not open to amendment.
Mr. WALSH. 1 move to lay the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio upon the table.
The SPEA.lv.EU. The motion of the gentle-
man from New York is not. a legitimate noe, fur
the reason that the motion mmle by the gentleman
fiotn Ohio m«y be repeated again under the ex-
press rules of the House, even if it were laid upon
the table.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Kdgkr-
Tun's motion; and there were—yeaa (35, nays tf5.
So the House refused to go mio Committee on
the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the proposition to lay the appeal from the
decision of the Chair upon the table'
Mr. EDGERTON. Is it, in order to move to
proceed to business upon the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. It is not m order, in the opin-
ion of the Chair. The business before the body
being a resolution to close debate, which takes
precedence ot a motion to proceed to the business
upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. EDGERTON. i move then that the House
adjourn.
Mr. SAGE. Upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I demand tellers
upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mace and
Vail were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported thirty-eight in the affirmative.
Sn the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 53, nays 87.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
laying the appeal from the decision of the Chair
upon the table.
Mr, .PECK. I mo-ve that there be a call of the
House; and upon that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tne question was taken; and decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 37, nays 90.
So the House refused a call.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on lay-
ing on the table the appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. Speaker, I move that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next; and on that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were called for, and ordered.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I hope the gentleman
from New York will withdraw his motion for an
adjournment over.
Seveial Members. For what purpose?
Mr. PENNINGTON. For the purpose of
allowing me to submit a motion to go to the busi- :
ness on the Speaker's table, if that motion be in
order.
Several Members. It is not in order.
Mr. PENNINGTON. And if that motion,
Mr. Speaker, be not in order, then forthepurpose
of moving to suspend the rules to enable me to
make it.
Mr. WENTWORTII, of Illinois. That mo-
tion is tioi in oider, either; you cannot suspend
the rule* to-day.
The SPEAK.ER. It is not in order to suspend
the rules, except on Monday.
Mi. PENNlNGiON. Phis business is get-
ting to be very stupid. We ought to be doing :
something for the sake of variety.
Messrs. Cox and Fenton were appointed tellers
on ordering the yeas and nays on the motion to
adjourn over.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
forty in the affirmative, (u sufficient number.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 41, nays 89.
So the House iefused to adjourn over.
The question recurred on the motion to lay the
i appeal iioni the decision of the Chair on the
. table.
| Mr. GOODRICH. I move that the House
. resolve itself mtoa Committee of the Whole on the
Pi mite Calendar; and on that motion 1 ask the
yeas and nays.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, 1 desire to with-
draw my motion in i elation to the question of ap-
peal. The appeal was made at my suggestion;
out I undeistand, since the appeal was taken,
that 
i [Cries of t( Older ' " ii Order ' "]
; Mr. BANKS- I only ptopose to withdraw my
appeal.
Mr. itlLLVElt. But the gentleman has no
right to debate it.
Mr. BANKS. I was but proceeding to state
that I understand there has been a subsequent
decision on a question which was substantially
the same as that involved in the appeal which 1
| took, although different in foim. And ar.knowl-
, edging the mofet commendable tan ness of the
Speaker in this eon test, J do not wish lo make any
| factious opposition to the ruling of the Chair,
i Therefore, 1 de&ire to withdiaw my appeal.
I There being no objection, the appeal was with-
j drawn.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
| Goodrich, that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar,
, on which the yeas and nays were demanded—
Air. WASiilHJRNE, of Illinois. 1 ask for tell-
ers on ordering the yeas and navs.
Tellers were ouiered;and Messrs. Cox, and
Washburne of Illinois, were appointed.
| The House was divided; and the tellers reported
j thirty-nine in theaffii mative; (a sufficient number.)
| So the yeas and nays were ordered.
i The question was then taken; and decided in
] the negative—yeas 64, nays S3.
! So the House refused to resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on ex-
i ensmg the gentltman from Maine from voting on
; the proposition made bv the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, that the resolution to close debate on
I the Nebraska bill be laid upon the table.
! Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, (at thirty-
i five minutes past three o'clock, p. m.) 1 move
that the House do now adjourn; and I call for the
yeas and nays on that proposition.
Air. WALKER. I demand tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washburne
of Illinois, and Hillyer were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
thirty-seven in the affirmative, (a sufficient num-
ber.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 50, nays £9.
So the Hou?e refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on the motion to
excuse the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Wash-
burnt] from voting on the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] to lay
the resolution closing debate on the table,
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Massachusetts. I
move that the House do now lesolve itself into
a Committee of the Whole on the ^jffate Calen-
dar; and on that question 1 ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 59, nays 69.
So the House refused to go into committee.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon the
motion to excuse the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
WashrurvJ from voting.
Mr. BALL, (at three o'clock and thirty min-
utes, p. m.) As there appears to be a small num-
| ber of members present, I think we had better
adjourn; and 1 therefore move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Upon that
motion 1 demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 call for telieis upon the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. RuFFiNand
Ethkuidgk were appointed.
The House was then divided upon the demand
for the yeas and nays; and the tellers reported
thirty-six in the affirmative, (a sufficient number.)
So the yeas ana nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
' m the negative—yeas 53, nays 80.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. SAGE. I move that there be a call of the
House; and upon that I demand the yeas and
navs.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for tellers upon the demand
for the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cungman"
and Macf. were appointed.
The House was then divided upon the call for
the yeas and nays; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty eight, (a sufficient number.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 45, nays 79.
So the House refused to order a call.
The SPEAKER pro tempore> (Mr. Bocock.)
The question recurs upon the motion to excuse
the gentleman from Maine [Air. Washburn] from
voting upon the motion of the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. KNOX. It is now (three o'clock and
forty-five minutes, p. m.) about the usual time of
adjournment; and as we have had a pretty long
session,! move that when this House adjourns, it
adjourn to meet on Monday next; and upon that
motion 1 demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 call for
tellers upon the demand for the yeas and nays.
Telieis weie ordered; and Messrs. Hii.i.yer
and Rowe were appointed.
The House was then dividecj upon the call for
the yeas and nays; and-the tellers reported—ayes
thirty-seven, (a sufficient number.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 4G, nays 73.
So the House refused to adjourn until Monday
next.
Mr. SAGE, (at four o'clock p. m.) I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. BANKS. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I demand tellers
upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bayly, of
Virginia, and Washburn, of Maine, were ap-
pointed.
