1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1179
The House was divided; and the tellersreported
thirty-four in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the negative—yeas 65, nays 66.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
excuse the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Wash-
burn] from voting—
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
there be a call of the House; and upon that motion
I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Upon ordering the
yeas and nays I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chamber-
lain and Campbell appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
forty in the affirmative, (a sufficient number.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
JVfr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of privilege. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Stuart] is recorded as
having voted upon the motion which has just been
put. I know the fact that the gentleman was not
in the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is now too late
to raise the question as to gentlemen voting.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Mr. Speaker, Mr.
Stuart was nut in the Hall while the zoil was
being called. [ know he was not in the House.
It is not too late to raise the question.
Mr. SMITH. The vote has been announced,
and no correction of the Journal can be made until
the Journal is read at the next meeting of the
House.
[Cries of " Go on with the voting!"]
Mr. WENTWORTH. Mr. Speaker, this is
a matter of too much importance to be allowed to
be passed over. I insist upon my point. I will
state that Mr. Stuart left the House about a
couple of hours ago, when he told me that he
should not be back before nine or ten o'clock this
evening. I know, therefore, of my own personal
knowledge, that he was not in the House, and did
not vote. 1 have called the attention of the House
to the fact, because there are questions of too
much importance pending before the House to
allow members to vote by proxy. I ask that the
Journal may be corrected, and Mr. Stuart's
name stricken out.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I raise a question
of order in reference to the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Illinois. It is this: The result of
the vote having been announced, and the House
having passed to the consideration of other busi-
ness, it is too late to correct the vote of any mem-
ber. it will be competent for the House, when
the Journal is read to-morrow morning, or when-
ever the Journal is read, to make the correction,
but not now.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to say at this
point that I shall be under the necessity of enter-
ing my protest against members and others crowd-
ing around the Clerk's desk while the yeas and
nays ore being called. It is in violation of the
rules of the House, and I ask the Chair m future
to enforce the rule.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask the Chair to
decide whether my proposition is in order.
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Bocock in the chair.)
The Chair will dectde the gentleman's proposi-
tion. When the vote was taken, the names of
those voting in the affirmative and negative were
called over m the hearing of the House, but no
objection was made. The result was then an-
nounced, and the House proceeded to otl^er busi-
ness. The Chair decides that the Journal must
be made up from the vote as it now stands, and
that it cannot be corrected except upon the meet-
ing of the House again, when it is read for ap-
proval. The Chair understands that, to strike the
name from the roll, would not change the result;
and if it would, he does not think a motion to
amend the record, at this stage of proceedings,
would be in order.
Mr. HOWE. I must take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair. It is certainly in order to
have the name of a member who did not vote
stricken from the,roll.
°Mr. WENTWORTH. I do not know whether
the mistake was made by accident or design, nor
do I care whether it would change the result or
not. I simply know the fact that the name of a
member has been recorded as having voted when
he dtd not vote; and I think it is a matter of too
much importance to be passed over in silence.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides, for the reasons which he has stated, that
the proposition to amend the record, at this stage
of the proceedings, is not in order. The Journal
must be corrected, if at all, when it is read at the
next meeting of the House.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I do not desire to appeal
from the decision of the Chair, nor do I under-
stand the gentleman from Illinois as appealing. 1
desire, however, to state, that if the facts are as I
understand them, I am very glad the gentleman
from Illinois called the attention of the House to
them. I do not know whether the mistake was .
made by inadvertence or by design, but it is cer-1
tamly a mistake that should not be made, and
allowed to go without notice.
Mr. WENTWORTH. It is certainly very
improper.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I certainly agree with the
gentleman that it is a mistake that should not be
made, and which ought to be corrected.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. If there has been
a mistake made in recording a vote, I presume
there will be no objection to its being corrected.
I ask the unanimous consent of the House to have
Mr. Stuart's name stricken from the roll.
Mr. HOWE. It seems to me to be a matter of
very great importance that the decision of the
Chair should be correct in a case like this, and I
therefore took an appeal from his decision for the
purpose of allowing the House to settle the mattei*.
1 say it is a matter of very great importance that
we should have a correct decision upon a case like
this, when the House has been continuing in ses-
sion for thirty hours upon a question of 
[Shouts of 44 Order!" "Order!" all over the
Hall, and much confusion.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say a single word.
[Renewed cries of <c Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish simply to say 
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call the gentleman from
Alabama to order. I protest against any state-
ment being made from that side of the Hall, when
nothing could be allowed to be said upon the other
side.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion is
not in order, having been just decided by the
House. The Chair has stated his decision, and
he desires to know whether any gentleman ap-
peals ?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly; I took tin appeal from
the decision of the Chair,
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Will the Chair state
what was his decision? |
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de- j
cides that the yeas and nays having been taken, I
the votes having been read by the Clerk, without j
any objection being made, the vote announced, j
and the House having proceeded to the considera- |
tion of other business, it is too late to make any
! correction m the vote at this time. It will, how-
ever, be in order to correct the Journal whenever
the House again meets. The Chair is very clear
in the belief of the correctness of his decision, and
he is especially so in this rase, when the correc-
tion of the vote would not change the result.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. Hut when is the
next meeting of the House to be? Suppose this
session were to continue on until it adjourns sine
die?
Mr. HOUSTON. Then there would be no
need of any correction being made.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I rise to make a sug-
gestion to the Chair. By a decision of the Chair
this very day 
[Cries of " Order !" and confusion.]
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I do not see any dif-
ficulty in reference to this matter. If the Journal
is wrong, it ought to be corrected.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
the House d   now adjourn.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That motion is not in
order, Mr. Speaker. The last vote taken was
upon amotion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides that the motion is not m Older, for the rea-
son that no business has intervened since the ;
House refused to adjourn. j
Mr. HUGHES. An appeal was taken from li
the decision of the Chair, and theypas.and nays
were ordered upon it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides that the motion is not in order.. < , *
Mr, C H AMBERLAIN. I commenced making
a suggestion to the Chair, and, if i am entitled to
the floor, I wish to occupy it. I say, the Chair
has this very day mad.e-a decision directly oppo-
site to the one now made by the present incum-
bent of the chair. And I desire to nay that, ac-
cording to another decision of the Chair, the same
session of the House may contiiyie from day to
day until the close ;of the session of Coagress,
and when will there be an opportunity to correct
the Journal?
Mr. HOUSTON, if,the same session contin-
ues on in that way, it makes not much difference
whether the Journal is corrected or not.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. It does make a very
great difference,
Mr. BAYLY. I wish to inquire, if the House
adjourns now, what will be the first business in
order in the morning?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object to any questions
of that sort being asked or answered.
Mr. PRESTON. I call for the regular order
of business, whatever it is.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
the House do now adjourn; and upon that I de-
mand the yens and nays.
Mr. TWEED. 1 demand tellers upon order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Tweed and
Hugiier were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers- re-
ported—ayes forty-five, (a sufficient number.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr.SEWARD. 1 desire to say a single word.
[Cries of 44 Order !'* and great confusion.]
Mr, CULLOM. If the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Cobb] is present, I trust he will again
present the " olive branch,99 for there seems to
be considerable excitement in the Hall. [Laugh-
ter.]
The question was taken upon the motion to
adjourn; and decided in the negative—yeas 69,
nays 72.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. HOWE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Singleton.
Mr. PR1NGLE called upon the Chair to en-
force the rule Against persons crowding round the
Clerk's desk when the roll was being called.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No members
have come to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. PRINGLE. I know it; but,the pages
have, and informed members of the state of the
vote. It is contrary to an express rule of the
House, and I ask that the practice may be dis-
continued.
The question then recurred upon the appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. STCJART, of Ohio. I rise to a privileged
question. I am told that, upon a motion that the
House adjourn some little time since, when the
vote was taken, my vote was recorded in the neg-
ative. I wish to state to the House that I was not
present when that vote was taken, and if i had
been, 1 should not have voted, having paired off
with Mr. Robbins, of Pennsylvania. I thought
this explanation due to the House.
Mr. BAYLY. I would again suggest that, by
unanimous consent, the name of Mr. Stuart be
stricken from the roll upon the vote to which he
alludes.
Mr. HOWE. If that is done by unanimous
consent, I will withdraw my appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair. My only object is to have
justice done, and it seems to me that it is but just
that the correction should be made.
There was no objection; and the correction was
accordingly made.
Mr. HOWE. That is perfectly satisfactory to
me, and i withdraw my appeal.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. I
move a call of the House; and upon that motion
I demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion is
already pending, and the yeas and nays have been
ordered upon it.
Mr. FLAGLER. I move that the. House do
now adjourn; and upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
