2038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
the last amendmentbut one may beforgotton, and
that we may consider this question in sincerity
and candor. 1 should like to give more; for my
opinion of this great tribunal partakes of profound
veneration; but I believe this is all this committee
will consent to give, and I truly hope it will npt
withhold this. I ask, therefore, that the committee
will express its assent to my proposition, and in-
crease the salaries of these judges accordingly.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Will it be in order to move
to correct the gentleman's amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order now.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Then I propose to make a
few remarks in addition to that which has fallen
from the gentleman from New York; but I oppose
his motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama will be in order in speaking in opposition to
the amendment of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Singular as it may appear,
1 speak in opposition to the motion of the gentle-
man from New York, while I concur with the
gentleman's argument. The gentleman's motion
is to reduce the amount which the Senate has re-
ported to us as a proper compensation for the
judges. The gentleman's argument is to show
that their salaries ought to be increased. So that
I oppose his motion, though I concur in his argu-
ment.
Now, it is very clear to this House—it is very
clear to the country—it has been a matter which
has received public attention, that the salaries of
the judges of the Supreme Court, as they are
now fixed by law, are wholly inadequate com-
pensation for the responsibilities and the duties
which attach to the office. The Supreme Court
of the United States is, perhaps, the most august
judicial tribunal in the world. It not only passes
on all the disputed transactions between man and
man brought before it, on all the relations between
the citizen and his Government, but it sets, as it
were, in judgment on the States, and on the
National Legislature itself, looking to that law
which is declared to be the supreme law of the
land. It sits m judgment over the national and
over the State governments, A more august tri-
ounal has not existed in ancient or modern times,
or one possessing greater powers or responsibil-
ities. Now, sir, what salaries do you give to
these officers? The sum of $4,500. What sal-
ary is proposed to be given to them by the amend-
ment of tne Senate? Six thousand five hundred
dollars! The gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Haven,] not thinking that is too large m itself,
but apprehending that the good sense and justice
of this House would not recognize its propriety,
is willing to lesson the amount reported by the
Senate. 1 should be unwilling to do that, unless
forced to it; and it seems to me that we should
concur in the Senate amendment. Look at. the
amount of duty which these gentlemen have to
perform This court is in constant session from
January to June; and is sitting, day after day,
adjudicating the most important cases which can
come before a judicial tribunal.
Again, they are at a vast expense in traveling
from one extreme of our territory to the other.
Look for a moment at the compensation derived
by professional gentlemen—and it is from the
ranks of the profession that they are taken. Look
to the amount of compensation which a lawyer
of third-rate reputation derives in many cities
throughout the Union from the practice of his pro-
fession. And is the amount of $6,500 per annum
too much to give to the Judges of the Supreme
Court of the United States? Could not either of
the gentlemen who set upon that bench command
for his services, in almost any city of the Union,
more than that.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BRIDGES. 1 rise for the purpose of ask-
ing the committee to take a recess until seven
o'clock; believing that we can then work with
more comfort to ourselves than now.
[Cries of" No!" " No!"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 object.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. 1 move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
Mr. KERR. I call for tellers on that motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. BococKand
Westbrook were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 73, noes 50.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr. Orr)
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the bill of the House (No. 48) making
appropriation for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1854, and the amendments of the Senate
thereto, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
CHANGE DAILY HOUR OP MEETING.
Mr. PULLER. I rise to a privileged question.
I move that when the House adjourns, it adjourn
to meet to-morrow at nine o'clock, a. m.
[Loud cries of "No!" "No!" all over the
Hall.]
Mr. HOUSTON. My object in rising is to ask
the House if they will not consent to meet this
evening?
[Cries of " Yes !" " Yes!" and " No !"]
The SPEAKER. The motion can only be
submitted by unanimous consent.
Mr. REESE. I object.
Mr. PECKHAM. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I desire to make a motion to fix the hour
of meeting when the House adjourns.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Fuller] has already submitted a proposi-
tion that when the House adjourns, it adjourn to
meet at nine o'clock to-morrow morning. The
motion, however, cannot be entertained except by
unanimous consent, pending a motion to adjourn;
and, if that motion be withdrawn, only by a sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. ORR. 1 appeal to the gentleman from
New York to withdraw ihe motion to adjourn.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I will withdraw it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the House
take a recess until seven o'clock this evening. I
believe I am more unwell than any one here, but
am willing to hold an evening session.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Alabama?
[Cries of "Object!"]
Mr. PHILLIPS. Is it in order to move a sus-
pension of the rules for the purpose indicated by
the gentleman from Alabama?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move, then, that the rules
be suspended, in order that we may take a recess
until seven o'clock this evening.
The question was taken; and the rules were not
suspended.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the hour for the
daily meeting of theHouse be ten o'clock instead
of eleven o'clock, a. m., until otherwise ordered.
Mr. ROWE. I object.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move a suspension of the
rules for the purpose I have indicated.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 95, noes 45.
So the rules were suspended, two-thirds voting
in the affirmative.
Mr. PULLER. I move to amend the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Alabama by inserting
nine o'clock instead of ten o'clock, a. m.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The questton was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's motion; audit was agreed to.
So it was ordered that the daily hour of meeting
be ten o'clock, a. m.
j LANDS FOR THE STATE OF ALABAMA.
! Mr. COBB. I ask the unanimous consent of
| the House to report from the Committee on
I Public Lands, " a bill granting to the State of
I Alabama public lands in alternate sections to aid'
i in the construction of railroads from Mobile to
I ft'0"1 Seinia to or near Gunter's Landing,
j wit%M5rariches from or near Gadsden, through
j Wills and Chattanooga valleys to the eastern
j State line of Alabama, from Memphis to a point
1 intersecting the Nashville, Chattanooga, and
Charleston railroad, at or near Stephenson, Ala-
bama; from Beard's bluff, via Elyton and Tusca-
loosa, to some point on the Mobile and Ohio rail-
road, and from Montgomery to the northern State
line of Alabama, via Decatur and.Athens, in said
State."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the in-
troduction of the bill.
Mr. COBB. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
four o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned till to-
morrow at ten o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday , August 1, 1854.
The Senate met this morning at half past ten
o'clock.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, the reading of the
Journal was dispensed with.
PETITIONS.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of Rich-
ard Albritton, praying permission to enter a sec-
tion of land in lieu of that claimed by him under
a certificate of confirmation, and disposed of by
the United States as public lands, and compensa-
tion for his improvements on said lands; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. COOPER presented a petition of citizens of
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, praying the repeal of
the fugitive slave law; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. JAMES, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, reported a digest and index
of patents which have been extended or renewed
by acts of Congress, with reference to the act in
each case; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the
petition of William B. Kibby, praying the pay-
ment of a certain sum of money due him by the
United States for articles furnished the peniten-
tiary of the District of Columbia, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
was read, and passed to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PETTIT, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom were referred the follow-
ing bills from the House of Representatives, re-
ported them back, without amendment:
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of George McGirk;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Benjamin Metoyer;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Charles Pavie; and
An act for the relief of Lloyd Dorsey and
others.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill for the relief of Sidney P.
Pool, of the State of Maine, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions; which was
agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred the following
bills from the House of Representatives, reported
them back without amendment;
An act for the relief of George M. Bentley, of
the State of Indiana;
An act to provide a pension for Oliver Brown,
of Chemung county, New York;
An act to provide a pension for Edmund Mitch-
ell, of Carroll county, in the State of Kentucky;
An act for the relief of James Butler;
An act for the relief of John Brown, second,
of New Hampshire;
An act for the relief of John H. Hicks, of In-
diana;
An act for the relief of Thomas Ellis;
An act for the relief of Abraham Ausman;
An act for the relief of Thomas Bronough;
An act for the relief of Rebecca Baggerly, widow
of David Baggerly, deceased;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Lieutenant Francis Ware;
An act for the relief of James Capen; _
An act for the relief of James Wright, jr., of the
State of Tennessee;
An act for the relief of Daniel Morse, of Essex,
county of Chittenden, in the State of Vermont;
An act for the relief of Ira Call, of Huron
county, Ohio;
