1180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion is
not in order, no business having intervened since
the Htfuse refused to adjourn.
Mr. WENT WORTH. There has been busi-
ness, as I understand it. The appeal of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has been disposed of.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. But he withdrew
the appeal. No action of the House was taken
upon it. The Chair decides that the motion is
not in order.
Mr. FLAGLER. I move that when this House
•adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next;
and upon that 1 demand the yeas and nays,
Mr. TWEED. 1 demand tellers upon ordering;
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Perkins, of
New York, and Bennett were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported forty in the affirmative
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Is the motion pend-
ing to adjourn over till Monday r
The SPEAKER. That is the motion pending1.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE- 1 move that there be
a call of the Bouse.
The SPEAKER. That motion is already pend-
ing.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. But X ask the Chair
if J have not the right to make the motion, as other
business has intervened since the motion was
made?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the motion to adjourn over must have prece-
dence.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Why, Mr. Speaker, we
must have a quorum to adjourn o\rer, and is it not
in order to have a cull of the House to obtain a
quorum ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the motion to adjourn over is one of a more privi-
leged character, and must take precedence over
one for a call of the House.
Mr. BRECKI IN RIDGE. A motion was made
that when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet
on Monday next. Upon that motion the yeas
and nays were ordered, and other business inter-
vened. 1 contend that, under these circumstances,
I have the right to move that there be a call of the
House, and that the motion will have precedence
over that to adjourn over.
The SPEA RE!!. The Chair again states that
a motion for a call of the House is already pend-
ing, but a motion having been made to adjourn
over, he decides that it must take precedence, for
the reason that a motion fixing a day for the meet-
ing of the House is oneuf higher dignity than that
for a call of the House. The Chair decides that
the question now is upon adjourning over to Mon-
day next.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the negative—yeas (j7, nays 81.
So the House lefused to adjourn over.
Mr. MACE. I move that the House do now
adjourn; and on that motion 1 demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr, PRESTON. I would inquire of the Chair
whether the motion to adjourn did not fail once
before, whether the motion to adjourn over did
not. then fail, and whether the question is not now
on the motion that there be a cull of the House?
The SPEAKER. -The pending question is on
the motion that there be a call of the House. The
Chair thinks that the motion toadjourn is m order.
The House may have refused toadjourn beforem
order that it mi'_vht adjourn over.
Mr. PRESTON. I thought that there was no
intervening business since the question was taken
on the motion to adjourn to a day certain, as well
as on the motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. There has been no business,
but the vote of the House on the proposition to
adjourn to a specific day might have a controlling
eftect on the vote to adjourn.
Mr. PRESTON. The question I put to the
Speaker is this: It strikes me that, under the rule,
a motion to adjourn over to fa day certain, takes
precedence of a motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That is true.
Mr. PRE3TOIN. We have already had divis-
ion on both questions. 1, however, yield to the
Chair, not desiring to make the point.
The SPEAKER. The two questions were put,
even according: to the gentleman, but the wrong
one first. The Chair thinks that the motion to
i adjourn is in order, and that it is competent for the
House to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr. HENN. With the permission of the
House, I would put an interrogatory to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair trusts that the
gentleman will be indulged.
Theie was no objection.
Mr. HENN. If the House now refuses to ad-
journ, will it be in order immediately afterwards
to move that the House adjourn cfver?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it arises. In connection, the Chair
thinks that it would hardly be in order.
The question was then-taken on Mr. Mack's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
63, nays 78.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. GROW. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. FENTON. On that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Grow's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
4b, nays G9.
So the House refused to resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. WALLEY. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. THURSTON. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. TWEED. I demand tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Church-
wlij. and Sapp were appointed.
The question was taken; and the yeas and nays
were oidered; the tellers, having reported—ayes
thirty-seven; more than^one fifth of a quorum.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wallet's
motion; and it was decided m the negative—yeas
54, nays 79.
So the House (at ten minutes to six o'clock, p.
m.) refused to adjourn.
Mr. FENTOM. I move that the House re-
solve it.selfinto a Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendai; and on that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. STRALJB. I move to lay that motion on
the table; and on that I call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
motion to lay upon the table is not in order, for
the reason that the motion made by the gentleman
from New York is of such a character that it may
be repeated every ten minutes if the House should,
in the interim, go to any other business, or if any
other motion hhould !>e made. No advantage
can, therefoie, be gamed to the House or to the
mover by the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I would ask if the
motion made by the gentleman from New York
is in order, when there is already a motion pending
to go into oomm'ttee ?
The SPEAKER. There was such a motion
pending half an hour ago, but the Chair is in-
formed that it has been voted on, and the motion
of the gentleman from New York is in order.
Mr. SKELTON. I move that when thirs
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next; and on that motion I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that that
motion is out of order at this time. The ground
upon which the Chair so decides is this: It is a
highly privileged motion, one more so than even
a motion to adjourn, and takes precedence of that.
The gentleman cannot, therefore, be deprived of his
right to have a vote of the House, before the ad-
journment, upon the proposition to adjourn over.
If a motion were made at this moment to adjourn,
the proposition to adjourn til! Monday next would
take precedence of it. The Chair thinks that is a
fair and practical view of the subject, and one that
certainly will deprive no gentleman of his right to
have a vote of the House upon a proposition to
adjourn over.
The question now is on the motion of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Fe^ton,] that the
House resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar, on which the yeas and
nays are demanded.
Mr. RUFFiN. I call for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Fenton, and
Bayly of Virginia, were appointed.
! The House was then divided on the demand
1 for the yeas and nays, and the tellers reported
thirty-six in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GOODRICH. I ask to be excused from
voting on this question.
The SPEAKER. Upon what question ? On
the motion of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Fenton ?]
Mr. GOODRICH. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the
gentleman has a right to move that he be excused.
Mr. GOODRICH. I make that motion.
Mr. SKELTON. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
Mr. STRAUB. I demand tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Keitt and
Fenton were appointed.
The House was then divided on the demand for
the yeas and nays; and the tellers reported thirty-
four in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CUMMING. As I have voted with the
majority here all the time—and I have been voting1
till I am nearly half-dead—I want to make asug-
gestion, if I may be allowed to do so.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the gentleman shall be heard ?
[Loud cries of 61 Agreed !"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the gentleman from New York will pro-
ceed.
Mr. CUMMiNG. I believe that this difficulty,
which we are now endeavoring to struggle through,
arises from a desire on the part of a vet y few gen-
tlemen to make some remarks about this Nebraska
question; and I really hope that the side to which
I belong, the majority here, will consent, provided
the other side will agree to postpone the Pacific
railroad bill for one week from Tuesday, to let
those gentlemen have the intermediate time to say
what they please. 1 really hope the majority will
agree to that.
Mr. KERR. We are all willing to do that.
[Cries of " Certainly !"]
Mr. COBB. We will agree to that; now let
gentlemen on the other side say if they will'agree
to it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. What is the question be-
fore the House? 1 object to all conversation that
is out of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman New York
asked and obtained the unanimous consent of the
House to make a suggestion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, I hope we shall
now proceed with the regular business before the
the House.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made to the
proposition.
Many Membf.rs. What proposition?
Mr. LETCHER. Who objects?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do.
The SPEAKER. By the unanimous consent
of the House, the gentleman from New York9
being therefore in order, made a proposition to the
House to postpone the special order, being the
Pacific railroad bill, for one week, that the discus-
sion might be continued upon the Nebraska bill.
Mr. DEAN. I hope that those who are opposed
to the bill will accept that offer.
[Cries of "Good!"]
It is a fair proposition, and any man who doe3
not accept it is liable to the charge of being a
factionist.
[Renewed cries of "Good!" 11 Good 1" and
shouts of " Order !"]
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order of business.
The question was then taken on the motion that
Mr. Goodrich be excused from voting on Mr.
Fenton's motion; and it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 35, nays 95.
So Mr. Goodrich was not excused.
The question recurring on Mr. Kenton's mo-
tion that the House resolve itself into a Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar, it
was taken; and decided in the negative—yeas 53,
nays 85
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that when the
