1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mx
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday
next; and on that motion I demand the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. Less than an hour ago the
Chair decided that that motion was not in order.
The Chair thinks he is justified, under thecircum-
staiftes, in making that decision, and begs leave
to repeat that it is a very highly privileged mo-
tion—even more so than the motion to adjourn
itself. No member, therefore, can be deprived of
his right to have a vote of the House upon such
a motion before an adjournment takes place. The
Chair feels that this is a fairadministration of the
rule, and decides the motion out of order until a
motion to adjourn is made. Then it is in order
and supersedes the motion to adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. [ move that
the House do now adjourn, and on that I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now move that when
the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Tues-
day next; and on that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell
and Vail were appointed.
The House was then divided on the demand
for the yeas and nays; and the tellers reported
thirty-nine in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WESTBROOK. I ask leave to introduce
a resolution.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object. I tried yester-
day to make a suggestion myself, but was not
pet mitted to do so.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hold the gen-
tleman as strictly to the rule as he can.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Let the reso-
lution be read for information.
Mr. CAMPBELL. No; I object to that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has a right to object, and as he objects, the reso-
lution cannot be read.
Mr. HOUSTON. Would it be in order for
me to move that the resolution be lead ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not, as
the resolution is not now before th§ body. The
question now is upon the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio, that when the House adjourns, it ad-
journ to meet on Tuesday next.
Mr. ORR. Can that motion be entertained?
Mr. CAMP.BELL. A motion was entertained
yesterday to adjourn till Monday.
The SPEAIvER. The Chair decides that the
motion can be entertained. It has been the practice
of each branch of Congress, when it desires to
adjourn over for four whole days, to regard Sun-
day as not one nf the legislative days.
Mr. SEWARD. But from to-day till Tuesday,
both days inclusive, is four days.
The SPEAKER. The Chair only states what
has been the decision heretofore. It is competent
for the House to determine the question for itself.
Mr. KERR. With great deference to the Chair,
I hope the House will do so.
The SPEAKER. If it is a constitutional ques-
tion, each gentleman must, as a matter of course,
decide it for himself.
Mr. SEWARD. We can decide it as well on
this vote as in any other way.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 50, nays 95.
So the House refused to adjourn over until Tues-
day next.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion that the House adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Upon that
motion I demand the yeas and nays.
Tellers were demanded, and ordered, upon the
yeas and nays; and Messrs. Davis of Indiana,
and Campbell weie appointed.
The House being divided, the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-three; noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 59, nays 82.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the morion for a call of the House.*
Mr. MATTESON. Will it now be in order
to make a motion that the House adjourn over ?
The SPEAKER. It will not be m order.
Mr. MATTESON. I move, then, that the
House resolve itself in to a Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. BENSON. Upon that n&ouon I dsmapd
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clin>gman
and Parker were appointed.
The tellers reported ayes forty, noes not counted.
The SPEAKER. That is less than a majority
of a quorum, and the motion is lost.
Mr. MATTESON, I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided, and the
House acquiesced in the decision, that that mo-
tion would be m order.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion to adjourn over.
THE OLIVE BRANCH INTENDED.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. I wish to
make a proposition to the House, and I ask gen-
tlemen to hear me.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the gentleman from
Maine will withdraw his objection, until we hear
what the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Wright] has to say.
Mr. WRIGHT. The gentleman from Maine
does not know what 1 desire to state.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
objected, as he had a right to do.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 desire to make a sugges-
tion, which I think will meet the approbation of
the House.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ma ne insist upon his objection?
Mr. WASHBURN, I do.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will excuse the Chair for declaring him
to be out of order, as the gentleman from Maine
rises in his place, and insists upon his objection.
Discussion is, therefore, out of order.
The Cleik then proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. WASHBURN. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. STRATTON. The objection cannot be
withdrawn, as the Clerk had commenced callng
the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The attention of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania and the House is called
for a single moment. The Clerk had commenced
calling the roll, and there had been onp response.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Washburn]
now rises in his place, and withdraws his objection.
If it is the unanimous pleasure of the House, the
gentleman fiom Pennsylvania will beat liberty to
proceed with the remarks he desires to make.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I object.
Mr. WRIGHT. \ was about to say 
Mr. PENNINGTON. I withdraw my objec-
tion for the reason that I understand the gentle-
man from Pennsylvaniadesiresmerely to propound
an inquiry to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to know
whether there is a single objection, upon the part
of any member, to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania proceeding with his remarks'
Mr. CULLOM. I object; I do not want any
more ex parte statements.
Mr. WRIGHT. I have tendered the olive
branch; but they will not take it.
The SPEAKER. No motion, no proposition
is in order, except by the unanimous consent of
: the House, and it is not very orderly to stop cull-
i ing the roll even m that case.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the negative—yeas 57, nays 88
So the House refused to adjourn over.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
the motion that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. GOODRICH. I ask for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Keitt and
Parker were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported thirty-nine in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
63, nays 85.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the announcement of the result of the
vote,
I Mr. WHEELER. I desis t© Jfr.
|j Speaker, that I have not voted m ooo^ftqueft-ea o.f
I my having paired off with^Mr;, Igft&jisoi,!,,
I Connecticut, until nine o'cloefc to-oiofrow*
I ing- „ i
| Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Specter,
j er, I want to make a,n. inquiry jwith, respect to a
I question of ureter. , i '
| The SPE,AKBR.. >Tb,« gentleman from Psjior
j sylvania will state his qtijeijtion of order.
I Mr. WRIGHT. I undmtfiail, Spe^keri
i that, under the.ortLer of business the Pacific rail-
: road bill will be, on Tues'Ujy, the special order
| of the day. Now, my inquiry to th% Chair is
this: if the House shall continue its session over
Monday, what effect would the contiiiuanc&.of
that session have on the special order ?'
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr-.Speaker, 1 rj?e to a
question of order. „
The SPEAKER.. The gjeptjeman. from Ohio
will state his question of ocder.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object, Mr. Speaker, to
this way of electing an object.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. S^eaker-r-
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The gentle-
man from Ohio rises to a question of order, and
the Chair is compelled to sustain that "question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, having been
requested to do so, I withdraw my objection.
Mr. WRIGHT. Then, Mr. Speaker, I renews
my question of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Oh, thereis no necessity.-
We will take up and dispose o.f this question of
order when we reach it. It will be time enough
next week for that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to
observe, that he must so far regard his position as
to withhold his decision of questions in advance.
The Chair will be prepared to decide them when
they arise.
The question recurring on the motion that there
be a call of the House—
Mr. CAMPBELL. On that I call for the yeas'
and nays.
Mr. GOODRICH. I ajsk tellers on the yeasj
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell
and Goodrich were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
thirty-seven in the'aflfrmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion for
a cull of the House; and it was decided in the neg-*
ative—yeas 57, nays 90.
Pending the announcement of the result of the
vote,
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I
have not voted, as I have paired off with Mr.
Wells, of Wisconsin.
Also, pending the announcement of the-vote,
Mr. Clingman was standing on the platform of
the Clerk's desk.
Mr. WHEELER. I rise, Mr. Speaker, to a
question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
| his question.
i Mr. WHEELER. I call the gentleman from
| North Carolina [Mr. Ci ikoman] to order. It is
j not in order for members to stand at the Clerk's
i desk while the roll is being called.
: The SPEAKER. No; it is not in order for
I gentlemen to approach the Clerk's desk while the
Clerk is calling the roll.
The gentleman from North Carolina resumed-
his seat.
; The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
: the motion to excuse the gentleman from Maine
! [Mr. Washburn] from voting on the motion to
i lay on the table the resolution closing debate on
] the Nebraska bill.
Mr. MACE, (at fifteen minutes of nine o'clock,)
p. m.) I move that the House do now. adjourn;
and on that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I think, Mr. Speaker,
that when the House, adjourns, it should adjourn
to meet on Tuesday next; and! make the motion
that it do so.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I beg to propound an
interrogatory to the Chair. I desire to know, Mr.
Speaker, whether, if we should now adjourn to
to-morrow at twelve o'clock, the business which
is now before the House would not be the first
business in order to-morrow.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object.
