1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2089
An act for the relief of Isaac M, Sigler, of Put-
nam county, In'liana;
An act for the relief of John Cole;
An act for the relief of George Lynch;
An act for the relief of Joseph W ebb;
An act for the relief of John Steene;
An act for the relief of George Elliott;
An act for the relief of Warren Raymond;
An act for the relief of Julia Acken;
An act for the relief of Herman Chittenden;
An act for the relief of William Gove;
An act for the relief of William Parker;
An act for the relief of George J. Rallston;
An act for the relief of Joseph McMinn;
An act for the relief of Asa Leach; and
An act for the relief of Jacob Baker, of San-
dusky City, Ohio.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu- j
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the bill from
the House of Representatives, for the relief of the >
heirs of Captain Matthew Jack, leported it back j
with amendments. j
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. NORRIS asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a hill to
incorporate the Friend's Aid Society of the District
of Columbia; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary, announcing that he had this day approved
and signed the following acts:
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Major Caleb Swan, deceased;
An act to authorize the payment of invalid pen-
sions to the heirs of Lieutenant Robert White
and others;
An act for the relief of the heirs and represent-
tatives of Colonel Alexander G. Morgan;
An act for the relief of Sylvester Pettibone;
An act for the relief of Levi Pierce, and Andrew
Hodge, jr.;
An act for the relief of Henry La Reintne;
An act for the relief of Dr. S. R. Addison,
assed assistant surgeon in the United States
s
avy;
An act for the relief of Jean Baptiste Beaubien;
An act for the relief of William Darby;
An act for the relief of Urban Stoll;
An act for the relief of Asa Andrews;
An act for the relief of Captain G. Merchant;
An act for the relief of William Brown;
An act for the relief of Gaston T. Raoul;
An act for the relief of A. G. Penn;
An act to provide compensation for the services
of George Morrel, in adjusting titles to land in
Michigan; and
An act for the relief of PhineasM. Nightingale,
administrator of the estate of General Nathaniel
Greene, deceased.
A MESSACE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,an-
nouncing that they had passed the following bills
of the Senate:
An act to establish a port of delivery at Lake
Poit, on Lake Pontchartrain, and for other pur-
poses;
An act constituting Madison, in the State of In-
diana, a port of delivery; and
An act creating a collection district in Texas
and New Mexico.
ORANGE AND ALEXANDRIA RAILROAD.
The message also announced that the House in-
sisted on their amendments to the bill of the Senate
authorizing the extension of the Alexandria and
Washington railroad in the District of Columbia;
and that they asked a conferrence on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Messrs. McMullisj, May, and Kerr, a
committee of conference on their part.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, it was ordered
that the Senate"agree to the conference asked by
the House of Represenatives on the above named
' bill, and that the appointment of the committee on
the part of the Senate, be made^bv the President
pro tempore. Messis. Bright, Ioucey, andl'isn
were appointed.
DAILY HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved. Tliat the daily hour of meeting of the Senate,
for the lesidue ol tlie session, lie ten o'clock, a. m.
CHARLES GORDON.
Mr. FOOT. I reported yesterday morning,
from the Committee on Public Lands, a resolution
directing the Secretary to pay out of the contin-
gent fund of the Senate, the sum of $1,500 to
Charles Gordon, for his services as draughtsman
to the Committee on Public Lands for a period of
ten months, when he was employed under the au-
thority of a resolution of the Senate. In conse-
quence of an objection then made by the Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Adams,] the resolution
had to lie over. If he has no objection, I ask for
its consideration this morning.
Mr. ADAMS. I did not object on account of
the merits of the resolution, but simply that I
wished to give priority to other business.
The motion to take up the resolution was agreed
to; and it was adopted.
DANIEL STEENROD.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to call up a bill for
the relief of Daniel Steenrod, which has been re-
ported from the Committee on Claims, of which
the Senator from Pennsylvania is chairman.
Mr. BKODllEAD. That is a bill which the
Committee on Claims reported with amendments.
It is a small claim, and the committee propose
amendments to which, I presume, there will be no
objection. It is a House bill, and it ought to be
acted upon immediately, as our amendments will
have to go back to the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have heard something
about that claim, which makes it necessary for me
to object until 1 can look into it.
Mr. HUNTER subsequently said: The Sena-
tor from Maine is willing to withdraw his objec-
tion to the House bill for the relief of Darnel
Steenrod; 1 therefore move to proceed to its con-
sideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
It proposes that the petition of Daniel Steenrod,
with the accompanying documents and depositions,
! shall be referred to the First Comptroller of the
Tieasury, who is to be authorized to appoint a
commissioner to take evidence in the city of Wheel-
ing or elsewhere, and ascertain and report what is
justly and equitably due ihe petitioner, and if such
report is approved by the Comptroller, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is authorized to pay such sum
of money out of any money m the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated; but there is a proviso that
the commissioner shall be selected out of persons
Pierce served in the war of 3812 a period of
about seventy-five days, (being the full term of
his enlistment,) and was honorably discharged.
His health has become so impaired on account of
his sufferings and hardships while in service, as
to wholly disable him from procuringa livelihood.
No evidence of sickness or disability is afforded
by the rolls, or his discharge; but two reputable
physicians certify to his present total disability,
and their belief that it results from his remarka-
ble exposure while in the service of the United
States. Three of his former comrades in the ser-
vice, attested to be men of truth and respectabil-
ity, make oath to his having been a healthy man
prior to his enlistment, and sick and lame to such
an extent as to wholly disable him ever since his
discharge. He was a quartermaster's sergeant
in Colonel Martindale's regiment, who were em-
barked on batteaux, at Champlam,m November,
1813; the batteaux came down the liver and at-
tempted to cross the lake in the midst of a storm
of snow and a strong rain. Some of the batteaux
were driven ashore on Isle La Mott, and some on
Grand Isle, and the men were exposed to all the
inclemency of the weather, without shelter orsuf-
ficient provisions, for two days and nights; and
to this exposure, of which many died, is attrib-
uted the disability of Pierce.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
leading, read a third time, and passed.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
thebiil " to provide for taking charge oftheLouis-
ville and Portland canal, and to prevent the same
from falling into bad repair;" which had been re-
ported from the Committee on Roads and Canals,
with an amendment.
The bill was originally introduced by Mr.
Dixo , and was reported from the Committee on
Roads and Canals by Mr. Bright, with an
amendment, the effect of which would be to make
it read as follows:
Whereas the Legislature of the Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky, t)V an act passed the 21st of January, 1842, author-
ized the Louisville and Portland Canal Oompanv to appro-
priate the net income of (lie company m purchasing the
shaies oilier than those owned by the United States, until
the United States should be the sole owner of the stock of
xdid company ; and whereas it appears the United States
will, under said arrangement, become the sole owner of
said stock bcfoie ihe next se.-sion of Congress, and it is
necessary to provide for the custody and preservation of
the public property aforesaid, and to provide the proper offi-
cers to take charge and custody ot the same, so that the
commeiee and navigation of the Ohio may not be obstruct-
ed, and that said canal may not fall into decay or bad re-
pair ; therefore,
#e ft emu ted A c., That so soon as the United States shall,
under sa*d airangemenl, become the sole owner of said
tock, the Piesidentuf the United States is hereby author-
1/llC UVJ 111 Ul> OOlUlll/l OUUIl ^    .
now in the employment of the Government, for jj
na ovt ro r\ ri rrt r*  a n <! ft Mnfl Cnfi I IA lIKUl I . . . i  .1 <      _r_. „ J
which service no extra compensation shall be paid.
The Committee on Claims propose to amend
the bill, so that it shall read, as follows:
Be it emiclcil. That the petition of Daniel Stecniod,
with the accompanying documents and depositions, l,e re-
feired to the Secretary of War, who is hereby authorized to
asceitam what is justly and equitably due to said petitioner
thereon ; and to pay such Mini a-, may uc found due, oul of
any money 111 the Tieasury not otheivvise appiopnnted
to take control of the canal and canal property afoiesaid,
and manage the same until further provided bylaw.
Mr. WALKER. I understand the provisions
of the bill very well; but I cannot see or under-
stand what may be its operation. What is the
Government to do with the canal when it takes
charge of it?
Mr. BRIGHT. The last annual report of the
The amendments were agreed to, and the bill !j Secretary of the Treasury shows that before the
was reported to the Senate as amended, and the |l meeting of the next Congress, the Louisville and
amendments were concurred in, and ordered to be
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read a third time, and passed.
SHERMAN PIERCE.
Mr. FOOT. I ask the consent of theSenateto
consider a small invalid pension bill, which has
j been reported by the Senator from Rhode Island,
I [Mr. Allen,] from the Committee on Pensions,
j it is a bill for the relief of Sherman Pierce. He
1 is a poor man, ninety years of age.
| Mr. HUNTER.. Then I hope we shall act
] upon that case; but after it is disposed of, it 1 can
[ get the floor, 1 shall move to take up the fortifi-
! cation bill.
i Mr. Foot's motion was agreed to: and the bill
! was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
> mittee of the "Whole.
I! It is designed to direct the Secretary of the In-
ij tenor to place 011 the pension roll the name of
!l Sherman Fierce, of Londonderry, Windham
< county, Virginia, and to pay him, during his nat-
li ural life, Jjliper month, commencing January 1,
l! 1854.
Portland canal will become the property of the
United States, the dividends on her stock having
been applied under an act of the Commonwealth
' of Kentucky in purchasing and retiring the stock
j of private individuals. Under these circumstancee
' it becomes necessary to provide for the custody
: and management of the canal, and as there is not
time at the present session to pass a bill with all
! the proper details, the Committee on Roads and
Canals recommend that the President be author-
' ized to take such steps as he may deem necessary
' to secure the United States in her rights, and at
! the same timegive the public theuse of said canal,
! until further legislation can be had.
The amendment of the committee was agreed to,
the bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. Thebiil
j was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean", Chief Clerk,
announcing that they had passed a bill from the
