2040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August i,
Senate to constitute Tuscumbia, in the State of
Alabama, a port of delivery, with amendments,
in which ha was directed to ask the concurrence
of the Senate.
RELATIONS WITH SPAIN.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform tlis
Senate (if, in his opinion, it be not incompatible with the
public interest) whether anything has arisen since the date
of his message to the House of Representatives of the 15th
March last concerning our relations with the Government
of Spain which, in his opinion, may dispense with the sug-
gestions therein contained touching the propriety of " pro-
visional measures" fay Congress to meat any exigency that
may arise in the recess of Congress affecting those rela-
tions.
Subsequently a message was received from the
Presidentof theUnited States, by Mr. Webster,
his Secretary, in relation to the above resolution;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and ordered to be printed.
The following is the message:
To the Senate oj the United Stales :
I hasten to respond briefly to the resolution of the Senate
of this date." requesting the President to inform the Senate
(if in his opinion it be not incompatible with the public in-
terest) whether anything has arisen since the date of Ins
message to the House of Representatives of the fifteenth of
March last, concerning our relations with the Government
ot Spain, which, in his opinion, may dispense with the
suggestions therein contained, touching the propriety of
' provisional measures' by Congress to meet any exigency
that may arise, in the recess of Congress, afifecting those
relations."
fn the message to the House of Representatives referred
to, I availed myself of the occasion to present the following
reflections and suggestions:
" In view of tlic position of the island of Cuba, its prox-
imity to our coast, the relations which it must ever bear to
our commercial and other interests, it is vain to expect that
a series of unfriendly acts, infringing our commercial lights,
ant! the adoption of a policy threatening the honor and se-
em ily of these States, can long exist with peaceful relations.
Xn case the measures taken for amicable adjustment of our
difficulties with Spain should unfortunately fail, 1 shall not
hesitate to use the authority and means which Congress
may grant to insure the observance of our just rights, to ob-
tain redress for injuries received, and to vindicate the honor
of our flag. Jn anticipation of that contingency, which I
earnestly hope may not arise, f suggest to Congress the pro-
priety of adopting such provisional measures as the exigency
may seem to demand."
The two Houses of Congress may have anticipated that
tile hope then expressed would be realized before the pe-
riod of its adjournment, and that our relations with Spain
would have assumed a satisfactory condition, so as to re-
move past causes of complaint, and afford better security
for tranquility and justice in the future. But I am con-
strained to say that such is not the fact. The toroial de-
mand for immediate leparation in the case of tile " Black
Warrior," instead of having been met on the part of Spain
by prompt satisfaction, has only served to call forth a jus-
tification of the local authorities of Cuba, and thus to
transfer the responsibility for their acts to the Spanish
Government itself. —
Meanwhile, infoimation not only reliable m its nature,
hut of an official eliaraetei, was received to the etleet that
preparation was making within the limits of the United
States, by piivutc individuals, under military oi^aniyatioii,
for a descent upon the island of Cuba,"with a view to
wrest that colony from the dominion of Spain. Interna-
tional comity, the obligations of treaties, and the express
provisions of law, alike required, in my judgment, that all
the constitutional power ot the Executive should he ex-
erted to prevent the consumation of such a violation ol
positive law, and of lliat good faith on which mainly the
amicable relations of neighboring nations must depend, lit
conformity with thcMi convictions of public duty, a proc-
lamation was issued to wain all persons not to participate
in the contemplated enterprise, and to invoke the interpo-
sition in this behalf of the proper otlieers of the Cover nment.
No provocation whatever can juMiiy private expeditions of
hostility against a country at pence with the United States.
The power to decl.lic win i* vested fj) the Constitution in
Congress ; and the experience of our past history leaves no
room to doubt that the wisdom of this arrangement of con-
stitutional power wilt continue to be verified whenever tile
national interest and honor shull demand a resort to ulti-
> mate measures of redress. Pending negotiations by the
executive, and before the action ot Congiess, individuals
could not be permitted toembana^s the opeintions of the
one and usurp the powers of the other of these deposita-
ries of the functions of Government.
I have only to add that nothing has arisen since the date
of my former message to - dispense with the suggestions
therein contained touching the propriety of provisional mea-
sures by Congress." " FRANK!,liV PIF.liCE.
Washington, rfa%ust 1, 1854.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HOUSTON,in pursuance of previous no-
tice, proceeded to address the Senate in reference
to certain charges contained against him in a book
published by General Thomas Jefferson Green.
[The speech will appear in the Appendix.]
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr, BENJAMIN. 1 move that the Senate re-
sume the consideration of the river and harbor
bill, which was the business pending before the
Senate, when we adjourned last evening.
Mr. MASON. I must ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion, because I cannot but con-
sider that preference should be given to an Exec-
utive session for business which is well known to
the Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHASE. I wish to make an inquiry of
the Chair: whether this bill, having been the busi-
ness under consideration at the time of adjourn-
ment last evening, is not first in order now? and
whether we are not to proceed with it without any
(notion to that effect ?
! The PRESIDENT. It requires a motion.
| Mr. GWIN. It is perfectly evident, that if the
! river and harbor bill be taken up this morning, we
' shall jeopardize all the appropriation bills. 1 hope
those gentlemen who have charge of that measure
will give us two, or three, or four hours this morn-
ing for the consideration of four or five appropri-
ation bills now on the table, which we can pass in
' that time. By so doing, we could put the busi-
i ness upon which the Government rests—the bills
I which are necessary to carry on the Government—
in such a position that there could be no danger
: of their being lost. I hope, therefore, those who
| have this bill in charge will give us two or three
; hours this morning for the consideration of those
| appropriation bills. Some of them have been re-
i ported back just as they came from the House,
[ without amendment. I am satisfied that, in a very
; short time, we can put ourselves in such a posi-
| tion as to insure the passage of the regular ap-
j propriation bills. I hope, therefore, the gentle-
| men in charge of the river and harbor bill will give
| a short time this morning for those bills.
I Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 am sorry to decline ac-
j ceding to the suggestion of the Senator from Cali-
i fornia.
| Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the prior
j orders for the purpose of 
I The _ PRESIDENT. That is not in order.
I There is now a motion before the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. What is it?
The PRESIDENT. To proceed to the con-
sideration of the river and harbor bill; and on that
motion the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—yeas
28, nays 18, as follows:
YF. ACS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Benjamin,Bright, Cass,
Chase, Cooper, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Fish, Foot, Geyer, Gillette, James, Jones of Iowa,
Jones of Tennessee, Pcltit, Pratt, Rockwell, Seward, Sli-
de!!, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New
Jersey, Wade, Walker, and We Her—S8.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allan, Brodhcad, Brown, But-
ler, Clay, Dawson, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Gwin, Hunter,
Mallory, Mason, Morton, Norm, Rusk, Toonibf, and
Touccy—18.
The Senate accordingly, as in Committee of th e
Whole, resumed the consideration of the bill from
; the House, "making appropriations for the re-
: pair, preservation, and completion of certain pub-
lic works heretofore commenced under the au-
thority of law."
Various amendments were offered, and the bill
was reported to the Senate, and the amendments
I made as in Committee of the Whole were con-
! curred in. Several amendments were then pro-
1 posed; some of which were rejected and others
adopted, and finally, the amendments were ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
: time by a vote of yeas 31, nays 17.
The bill was then read a third time, and passed
[See Appendix for the detailed proceedings.]
| CHARLOTTE S. WESTCOTT.
1 Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred House bill for the
relief of Mrs. Charlotte S. Westcott, have in-
structed me to report it back without amendment,
and recommend its passage; and I ask for its con-
sideration at this time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It provides for a pension of twenty dol-
lars a month, commencing on the 1st of January
last, with a proviso that, in case of the marriage
or death of Mrs. Westcott, the pension shall be
paid to her children, or the survivor of them.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the House bill " making appropriations for for-
tifications and other works of defense, and for
repairs of barracks and quarters, for the year
ending the 30th June, 1855."
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask the Senator from Vir-
ginia if there is anybody here who represents the
Committee on Military Affairs. That committee,
as 1 understand, have an amendment which they
are prepared to report, in which my State is deeply
interested. If no member of it is here, I shall ob-
ject to proceeding with the consideration of the
bill.
Mr. GWIN. I am very much opposed to the
fortification bill myself, in its present form; but
it is perfectly notorious that by amending it we
shall endanger it in the House. It passed the
House by only three majority. It may suit the
Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] but it does not
suit some of the rest of us. There are some im-
portant appropriations in it; but 1 hope it will not
be amended.
Mr. SLIDELL. I understand the Committee
on Military Affairs have agreed to recommend
an amendment to the bill, which will deeply
interest my State; and if they are not prepared
now to report it, I shall have to vote in favor of
an adjournment. 1 have not the amendment in
my possession; and if there is no gentleman here
from the committee prepared to offer it, I cannot
consent to proceed with the consideration of the
bill.
•Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. GWIN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to; and
The Senate, at seven o'clock, p. m., adjourned
until eleven o'clock to-morrow.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, *3tigmt 1, 1854.
The House met at ten o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
TheJournal of yesterday was read andapproved.
The SPEAKER announced as the first business
in order the motion submitted yesterday evening
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] to
; suspend the rules for the purpose of enabling him
S to report, from the Committee on Public Lands,
j " a bill granting to the State of Alabama public
i lands, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
[ struction of railroads from Mobile to Girard,
i from Selma, to or near Gunter's Landing, with
! branches from or near Gadsden, through Wills
! and Chattanooga valleys, to the eastern State line
I of Alabama, from Memphis, Tennessee, to a
| point intersecting the Nashville, Chattanooga
j and Charleston railroad, at or near Stephenson,
l Alabama, from Beard's Bluff, via Elyton to Tus-
caloosa, to some point on the Mobile and Ohio
i railroad, and from Montgomery to the northern
. State line of Alabama, via Decatur and Athens, in
1 said State."
CONSULAR SYSTEM.
; Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana, by unanimous
consent, reported from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, a bill to "remodel the diplomatic and con-
sular system of the United States;" which was
read a first and second time by its title, and, with
an accompanying report in writing, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
i and ordered to be printed.
THE GUANO TRADE.
Mr. SOLLERS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to present a resolution, which I am
| directed to offer by the select committee, upon the
i guano trade.
j The resolution was read, as follows:
j Resolved, That twenty-thousand extra copies of the
( report of the special committee raised upon the guano trade
| be printed for the use ofthe members of the House.
j Mr. SOLLERS. I hope there will be no objec-
! tion to the resolution.
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The resolution
! must go to the Committee on Printing.
