1182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
TheSPEAKER. Yes; that would be the busi-
ness first in order.
Mr. TAYLOR, Then, I think, Mr. Speaker,
that the House ought now to adjourn over, as it
is evident to every gentleman that we can accom-
plish nothing as we are now going on.
Mr. CAMPBELL, I made objection to prop-
ositions coming from the other side; and I do so
with that of my colleague. I object to this.
The SPEAKER. Then the question is on the
motion to adjourn over till Tuesday next.
Mr. CAMPBELL. And on that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. GOODRICH. I ask for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell
and Clingman were appointed.
The House was divided;and the tellers reported
forty-three in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I
wish to announce that I am unwell, and that 1
have consequently paired off with Mr. Smith, of
New York. I think that that is a pretty safe
pair.
Mr. COBB. Oh, very good, indeed. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BENSON. " Birds of a feather flock to-
gether." [Renewed laughter.]
Mr STUART. Mr. Speaker, task whether
it is in order or parliamentary to pair off in this
way generally ?
The SPEAI£ER. The Chair sees nothing in
the rules which recognizes the right of members
to pair off.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 47, nays 97.
So the House refused to adjourn, when it ad-
journs, until Tuesday next.
TheSPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Orr.) The
question recurs upon the motion of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Mace,] that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that the House
do now resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion to
adjourn takes precedence, and must fust be put.
Mr. SAGE, [demand the yeas and nays upon
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
The question was then taken upon the motion
that when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet
on Tuesday next; and it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 47, nays 97.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Our.) The
qne.slion now recurs upon the motion of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Mace,] that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that the House do
now resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion to
adjourn takes precedence, and must be first put
and disposed of.
Mr. SAGE. I call for the yeas and nays upon
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. STCJART, of Georgia. And upon that
motion 1 demand telleis.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Taylor of
New York, and Taylor of Tennessee, were
appointed.
The House was then divided on the demand
for the yeas and nays; and the tellers reported
foity-three in the affirmative, (a sufficient num-
ber.)
So the yeas and nays were oidered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 61, nays 85
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
now recurs upon the motion to excuse the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Washburn] from voting
upon the proposition of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] to lay upon the table the
resolution of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson.]
?\h;. EDGERTON. I move that the House
now resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. SAGE. Upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. MORGAN. And upon that proposition
I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chandler
and Ciiurchwell were appointed.
The House was then divided, and the tellers
reported forty m the affirmative, (a sufficient
number.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Pending: this motion,
Mr. CAMPBELL said: It is now getting well
on m the evening, and 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. HOWE. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. I ask for tellers upon
the demand for the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Faulkner,
and Perkins of New York were appointed.
The House was then divided upon the demand
for the yeas and nays; and the tellers repotted
forty-one in the affirmative, (a sufficient number.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Pending this motion,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Tuesday next.
Mr. PRfNGLE. Upon that motion 1 demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. SAGE. And T ask for tellers upon the
call for yens and nays.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
The motion to adjourn over until Tuesday is a
motion to adjourn for more than three days, and
is not in order, under the rules.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Speaker
has decided otherwise,and the Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. SEWARD, f appeal from the decision
of the Chair. [Laughter.].
Tellers were then ordered; and Messrs. Cox
and Eastman were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported ayes forty-mne, (a sufficient number.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to adjoui n over; and it was decided in the negative
—yeas 4d, nays 93.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. SE YMOUR gave notice that he had paired
off with Mr. Zollicoitkr.
The question then recurred upon the motion
that the House do now adjourn, upon which the
yens and nays had been ordered.
The question was taken; and decided in the
negative—yeas 54, nays 80.
So the Iiouse refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred upon the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio, (Mr. Edolrton,] that
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into a Committeeof the Whole on the Private
Calendar; upon which the yeas and nays had
been ordered.
Mr. MEACHAM. I ask to be excused from
voting upon that motion.
Mr. SAGE. I demand the yeas and nays upon
that motion.
Mr. F>ROOKS. I demand tellers upon ordering
the yeas and nays.
Mr. EDGERTON- I rise to a question of or-
i der. I ask that no man shall be recognized as
S demanding tellers unless he rises upon his feet
j and makes the motion.
I The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
i endeavor to enforce the rule.
| Mr. WALSH. 1 rise to a question of order,
j I demand to know whether any man has the right
• to get up here and raise questions of order with-
i out reducing them to writing r
j The SPEAKER pro tempore. Any member
j raising a question of oider must reduce it to wri-
{ ting, if inquired by any member.
Mr. WALSH. Well, sir, I require that the
I gentleman from Ohio shall reduce his question of
; order to writing
I Tellets were ordered; and Messrs. Pennington
| and Cj.ingma\t appointed.
j The House was then divided upon seconding
I the demand for the yeas and nays; and the tellers
j reported forty-one in the affirmative, (a sufficient
j number.)
I So the yeas and nays were oidered.
' Mr. PECK, (at a quarter past ten o'clock, p.
| m.) I move that the House do now adjourn.
1 Mr. HOWE. I rise to a question of order. I
understand the gentleman from Vermont asks to
be excused from voting upon the motion to go
into Committee on the Private Calendar. Now,
sir, I desire to inquire whether the gentleman has
assigned any reason for making his request. He
may "have a very good reason 
[Cries of " Order !" "Order!"] *
Mr KERR. I rise to a question of order. It
is not a legitimate point of order that the gentle-
man is making. It is but another pretext for con-
suming time. I object to it.
Mr, SAGE. I rise to a privileged question. 1
move that when the House adjourns, it adjourn to
meet on Monday next; and I demand the yeas
and nays upon that motion.
Mr. PECK. I demand the yeasand naysupon
my motion that the House adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered upon "Mr.
Sage's motion.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the negative—yeas 48, nays 73.
So the House refused to adjourn over till Mon-
day next.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Peck's
motion that the House do now adjourn; upon
which the yeas and nays had been demanded.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 call for tellers
upon ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered and Messrs. Chamberlain
and Ashe were appointed.
Mr. KEITT. I rise to make an inquiry. One
6f my friends upon the other side suggested to me
something about an increase of mileage in con-
sequence of their journeys through the tellers. I
will inquire how much increase the rules will
allow them ? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not the pro-
vince of the Chan to detei mine the question of the
mileage of members. That is a question which
more properly comes under the jurisdiction of the
Committee on Mileage,
The House was then divided upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and the tellers reported forty-four
m the affirmative, (a sufficient number.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken upon the motion that
the House adjourn; and decided in the negative—
yeas 53, nays G8.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
the motion that the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Mkacbam] be excused from voting on the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Edgerton]
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
thete be a call of the House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island. I demand the
yeasand nays on that motion.
Mr. VAIL. 1 demand tellers on ordering the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mattrson
and Rowr, were appointed. *
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported ayes forty-four, more than one fifth of a
quorum.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wash-
burn's motion; and decided in the negative—yeas
41, naya 81.
So the House refused to order a call.
The SPEAKER. The question again recurs on
the motion that the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Mkaciiam] be excused. The yeas and nays have
already been ordered on the question.
Mr. WALLEY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, I move that when the
House adjourns, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 demand tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Peck and
Faulkner were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes forty-two, more than one filth of
a quorum.
Mr. CAMPBELL. At the suggestion of friends
of the bill on the other side, I withdraw my mo-
tion to adjourn till Monday next for the present.
Air. RICHARDSON. A number of the oppo-
nents of the measure under consideration nave
