472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 23,
been made, and which is now before the House,
is that these grants of alternate sections of public
lands are calculated to increase the value of the
remaining lands. Objection has already been
made to that proposition; but let us look at it for
a moment, and what does it amount to ?
If the construction of railroads increase the
value of the public lands remaining in the hands
of the people of the United States, would it not
be wise for the Government to construct these
roads herself, and so obtain all the increased value
of the lands? If it is legitimate for this Govern-
ment to obtain these lands, and to hold them for
the purpose of speculation, would it not be wise
and prudent for her to still hold and sell them in
small quantities,and for the GovernmentTreasury
to make appropriations in money for the aid of
these rail loads?
In addition to this, let us examine this policy
for a few moments, and what does it amount to?
It must be admitted that if the Government has a
right in this way to improve the public lands, for
the purpose of increasing1 their value, and of thus
increasing the wealth.of the country, then, on the
same principle, she would have a right to go into
these lands oy the assent of the General Govern-
ment and cultivate them. Because if there is any-
thing that will improve the value of the lands, it
must be, above all things else, the hand of the in-
dustrious man, who enters, and tills, and culti-
vates it. On the same principle, I say, that we
would make grant of alternate sections to enhance
the value of the remaining lands, so we should
cultivate and improve the lands. Just look where
this policy is leading us; look at what we are
going to m our pursuit of it.
This policy of making grants of the public lands
for railroads is one of the most objectionable sys-
tems of internal improvement that has ever been
decided on under this Government. It is a system
without limits, without restriction, with no bound-
aries to it. As my friend justly remarked on the
floor, a few moments ago, let us examine first,
and ascertain whether we have land sufficient now
to supply the demands that are made upon this
Government. What would be the effect if it should
turn out that we had not? Suppose we go on and
pass bills granting public lands, without examina-
tion, and without looking at the results, and sup-
pose that the Government finds when it comes to
surrender possession of the lands for which it has
made donations, that we have not lands enough
left, will not these men to whom donations may
be made come in and ask to be remunerated for
the lands donated to them, but which they did not
get possession of? Will they not have a legal
claim on the Treasury of the Government?
Mr. RICH ARDSON. Iam just told by a friend
at my side that there is at present a bill before us
for remuneration for a grant of land which has
not been delivered over to the grantee.
Mr. LETCHER- Yes; a bill of that sort came
in here the other day.
Mr. SKELTON. A biil to that effect has been 1
just reported from the Senate. Because some per-
sons go in and settle on these swamp lands before
they get into the possession of the person to whom
they were donated, the grantee comes and asks the
Government to indemnify him for the value of the
lands granted to him, but which he did not pro-
cure the possession of.
Mr. RICHARDSON". If that be so, I think
the bill a very unjust one. I did not know any-
thing ybout it until told by my friend.
Mr, DAVIS, of Indiana, ft is a correct bill, if
it be the one introduced last session, that is al-
luded to.
Mr. SKELTON. I have another objection to
these donations. It is, sir, that we are not only
disposing of the public lands m a manner which
is unwise, and which, in my opinion, is detrimen-
tal to the best interests of the Government, but
that we are hindering the settlement, of the coun-
try, and increasing the value of Ijnds by build-
ing up corporations. Sir, this Government is
building up the most gigantic system of corpora-
tions ever seen in the world anywhere; history
presents no pa) all el to these corporations which
we are bringing into existence; whose interests
would be identical in these enterprises with those
of railroad corporations.
Why, sir, railroads constructed by private en-
terprise, already extend over the United States to
tha extent of seventeen thousand miles. Wehave,
in addition to that, under contract and in process
of construction, twelve thousand miles more. The
amount of capital already invested—and private
capital, too—is between five and six hundred mil-
lions of dollars.
Here allow me to say that I am not inimical to
railroads. They are in accordance with the wants
of the age. I like to see them progressing and
extending all over our common country. 1 like
to see them everywhere; but I desire that they
shall be constructed by private enterprise and cap-
ital, without any interference on the part of our
Government.
Now, sir, while we cherish these institutions
as useful, and as indispensable to the wants of
the age, it becomes necessary that this Govern-
ment should, as far as possible, see that all proper
restrictions and restraints be thrown around them.
Concentrated wealth is always dangerous to the
liberties of the people. Concentrated wealth of
this kind, in the hands of railroad companies,
which extend themselves fiom oneextreme of the
country to the other, and which employ and have
under their control hundreds of thousands of
men—I say, wealth concentrated in such corpo-
rations as these, exercise a greater influence upon
the Government than the old United States Bank
ever did or could exercise.
I think it is well for us to pause, before v/e thus
contribute the funds of the General Government to
create a power which will seek hereafter to control
the legislation of the country. We should en-
deavor to throw around them some restraint, and
thus give security to the liberties of the people.
We have already seen those institutions coming m
here and demanding to control the legislation of
Congress. We had duiing the last session, and
we have had during this session, propositions be-
fore this House to exempt railroad companies from
the common taxation which is imposed upon
other classes of society, and that their associa-
tions should be peimitted to import the products
of our common country duty free. They demand
that there shall be a discrimination made in their
favor against the farmer, the mechanic, and the
artisan whotise the article of iron.
Is there no ground to fear that these institutions
will hereafter control the legislation of Congress?
A gentleman told me, when 1 opposed the aboli-
tion of duties upon railroad iron, that I spoke as
the representative of the iron interest. I deny
being the representative of the iron interest, the
railroad interest, or any other interest. We ask
nothing for the iron interest which other interests
do not receive. We ask for no higher rate of du-
ties upon it than are imposed upon other products.
We ask that, when duties are assessed, the assess-
ment shall be made equal; that no discrimination
shall be made between different classes of citizens,
or between the citizens of different States. 1 be-
lieve we have the constitutional right to demand,
in opposition to the claim of these institutions,
that railroad iron shall pay the same rate of duty
which the farmer and the mechanic pays upon the
imported iron which they use.
i put it to this House, if these institutions are
not already attempting to control the legislation
of this Congiess. 1 would not wish to be under-
stood as throwing out any insinuations against
i any individual upon this floor. 1 believe all mem-
' bers are as honorable men as myself, and I make
i no insinuations. But we are all of us, more or
i less, contiolled by surrounding circumstances.
We are, more or less, influenced by the wants
| and wishes of our constituents, and it is the ques-
1 tion whether we ought to yield to their lmportu-
| mties in relation to their local demands.
I object to the principle of building up these
' interests m this way by the Congress of the
| United States. It is not only unjust, unequal,
i and unconstitutional, but it is, m ari extreme de-
! grec, a most unwise system of legislation. Where
! is security afforded the American people from the
grasping hand of avarice, controlled by concen-
trated capita!? Where is safety given that the
possession of the vacant, unoccupied lands of the
: United States shall afford an asylum to which
I the down-trodden and oppressed, who have felt
I the hand of oppression and of concentrated capi-
! tal with crushing force, can flee, where they can
settle, and not only maintain their own independ-
ence, but assist in maintaining the independence
of our common country ? I am unwilling that the
I wealth of the country should be concentrated in
the hands of a few individuals, and then, after
doing that, that we should place in the hands of
these gigantic corporations the public lands of the
country. I object to it as unwise, unjust, and
highly detrimental to the prosperity of the com-
mon country. I ask my Western friends, who
are asking for this grant, if they desire to have
gigantic land monopolies in their midst; if they
ate willing to give the control of their public lands
to capitalists in other States? Let them answer
that question.
i have another objection to this species of legis-
lation, and it is, that we put the influence of the
Government of the United States in competition
with private enterprise; and this bill, as 1 have
been informed, is a bill of that class. If I am cor-
rectly informed, this very road to which we pro-
pose to make this donation of land, is to come in
competition with another road now being con-
structed by the private enterprise of citizens of
the United States. This system of interfering
with the private enterprise of citizens is a very
mischievous and dangerous one. A few years
ago we attempted to give, and did give, the influ-
ence of the General Government to assist mail
steamer transportation companies to compete with
private enterprise in crossing the Atlantic. At
the last session of Congress we voted from the
Treasury of the United States the enormous sum of
four millions of dollars, as extra compensation, to
one single company, for carrying the United States
mail, when we had propositions pending before
this House to carry it for one eighth of that sum.
I would ask this House if they will allow Gov-
ernment to paralyze the arm of private enterprise;
if they, will allow the General Government to
enter upon the field of speculation, and control
the commercial enterprise of our citizens, by lo-
cating railroads in certain localities, and dona-
ting public lands for their construction? 1 ask
this House if they are willing to engage in a sys-
tem of legislation of this kind, which will have the
effect of destroying the enterprise of private citi-
zens ? I take it that it is sound policy to leave the
avenues of trade, commerce, and manufactures,
open to the enterprise of every individual who
chooses to enter into these fields of labor and in-
dustry. I take it, that it is monstrous policy for
this Government to attempt to interfere with, and
control, the private enterprise of our citizens. I
do not believe it was ever contemplated that this
Government should ever possess such powers. If
the Constitution of the United States gave such
powers to this Government, I hold that it would
be unwise and injudicious to attempt to exercise
them by a control of the private enterprise of our
citizens.
1 have already spoken longer than I intended
when I rose. 1 intended very briefly to give my
views upon this question, and to state a few points
in opposition to enterprises of the kind sought to
be accomplished by this bill. I have done so,
without entering minutely into the discussion of
principles, or elucidation of the points involved,
because I was unwilling to occupy the attention
of the House for that purpose. But this is a
question which, in my opinion, ought to be dis-
cussed for weeks. We should examine this bill
very carefully. We should refer it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
that members might have an opportunity of ex-
amining and discussing it.
But, sir, as I remarked, I do not intend to enter
minutely into this discussion, nor have I done it.
I have barely hinted at points which have been
suggested by the remarks of those who have pre-
ceded me, and which I have no doubt, if this dis-
cussion is allowed to proceed, will be fully eluci-
dated by others before the subject is disposed of.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to make a single re-
mark. 1 wish to say to gentlemen of the House,
that if they suppose the Committee on Public
Lands have any disposition to prevent discussion
on this bill they misjudge us. I am perfectly
willing they shall discuss it as much as they
please, reserving to myself the right, when dis-
cussion is closed, to answer, as I am sure I shall
be able to answer, all the objections that may be
raised.
Mr. DEAN. I think we have had enough of
this for to-day, and I hope we shall now go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and progress with the homestead bill.
Mr. DISNEY. I would inquire whether, un-
