1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
473
der the pending motion to commit, this bill will not
come up as the first business in order during the
morning hour to-morrow?
Mr. LETCHER. I hope we shall have some
definite time fixed for the further consideration of
this subject.
Mr. DISNEY. It will come as the first thing
in order to-morrow morning, 1 presume.
Mr. DEAN". I desire to ask the Chair a ques-
tion, the answer to which 1 suppose will furnish
gentlemen with all the information they desire, and
then I will move to go into the Committee of the
Whole on thestateof the Union. I ask the Chair
whether, to-morrow being private bill day, this
matter will not go over till Monday ?
Mr. LETCHER. But will it come up on Mon-
day ? That is what 1 want to understand.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state, in reply to the gentleman from New York,
that to-morrow being private bill day, and next
Monday being resolution day, the bill, probably,
will not come up again tili Tuesday.
Mr. BISS&LL. Will it come up as the first
business in order then?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Whenever the
committees are again called for reports, the call
will commence where we now leave off, and this
bill will come up as unfinished business.
Mr. DEAN. I now move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. RICHARDSON". Upon thatmotionl de-
mand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harlan, of
Indiana, and Grey were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 64, noes 35; no quorum voting.
Mr. OLDS. I move that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. TWEED. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 call for tellers on that
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Perkins, of
New York, and Grey were appointed.
The question was then put; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 62, noes 51.
Mr. DEAN. 1 demand the yeas and nays on
the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to—yeas 53, nays 82.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. OLDS. 1 withdraw my motion that there
be a call of the House.
Mr. WALSH. Would it be in order now to
move to reconsider the vote by which the House
refused to adjourn; and to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table, as that seems to be the general
rule? [Laughter.]
Ihe SPEAKER. It would. The question is
now on the motion that the rules be suspended, and I
that the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the TTnion.
Messrs. Harlan-, of Indiana, and Grey re-
sumed their places as tellers; and the question be-
ing again put on the motion to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole, they reported—ayes 67, noes
25; no quorum voting.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Is it in order to move an
adjournment?
The SPEAKER. Nothing has been done since
the question was taken on the motion to adjourn;
and, therefore, a motion to adjourn is not now in
order.
Mr. DEAN. I ask for a new count.
The SPEAKER. If a new count be desired
by the House it can be had. No quorum has
voted, so the question is not decided; the motion
is still pending.
Mr. ORR. I move for a call of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. DEAN. On that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
The House then adjourned (at twenty minutes
past two o'clock, p. m.) till to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 24, 1854.
The Journal of yesterday was read arid approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRES! DENT, by unanimous consent, laid
before the Senate a communication from the Sec-
retary of War, transmitting, in compliance with
the acts of April 20, 1808, and March 3, 3809, a
statement of the contracts made under the author-
ity of the War Department during the year 1853;
which, on motion by Mr. Adams, was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating lists of clerks and other peisons em-
ployed in the War Department, other than officers
of the Army, during the year 1853; which was
ordered to he 011 the table, and be printed.
ATMOSPHERIC TELEGRAPH.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, appointed Messrs.
Shields, Everett, Mallory, Williams, and
Thompson, of Kentucky, the select committee to
inquire into the utility of the invention of Ithiel S.
Richardson, by which he proposes to convey
packages, mails, &c., by atmospheric propulsion.
BRAZILIAN CORRESPONDENCE.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, transmittinga report of the Sec-
retary of State, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the 13th instant,
certain correspondence with the late United States
Minister at Brazil; which was ordered to be
printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. EVERETT. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate, tf-is being private bill day, to
present the resolutions of the Legislature of Mas-
sachusetts, remonstrating against the passage of
the Nebraska bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart jn
the chair.) It will iequire the unanimous consent
of the Senate to-day to consider any business ex-
cept private bills, if there be no objection, the
Chair will understand that consent to be given.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider public business.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. EVERETT presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Massachusetts remonstrating against
the passage of any bill annulling the Missouri
compromise; which were ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Air. DIXON presented the memorial of George
Stealey, praying compensation for his services and
expenses while on a mission to the Indian tribes
in the northern portion of the State of California,
under the authority of the Indian Commissioner
of that State; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a memorial of inhab-
itants of Wellfleet, Massachusetts, praying the
erection of a custom-house at Barnstable, Massa-
chusetts; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Also, a petition of inhabitants of Seniston Falls,
Maine, remonstrating against the repeal of the
Missouri compromise; which was ordered to he
on the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of the
Rev. Leonard Woods and eleven hundred citi-
zens of Andover, Massachusetts, remonstrating
against the repeal of the Missouri compromise;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition signed by Harriet Beecher
Stowe and eleven hundred women of Andover,
Massachusetts, remonstrating against the repeal
of the Missouri compromise; which was ordered
to he on the table.
Also, a petition of legal voters of Lunenburg,
Massachusetts, remonstrating against the repeal
of the Missouri compromise; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Also, two petitions of inhabitants of Michigan,
remonstrating against the passage of the Nebraska
bill in its present form; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. PETTIT. 1 desire to present the remon-
strance of W. B. Whitworth and one hundred
and fourteen other citizens of Indiana, against the
repeal of the Missouri compromise.
I will simply say, in presenting it, that the me-
morialists do not express my views upon the pro-
priety of this measure; but as I hold the unlimited
right of petition, and as the memorial has been
sent to me, I ask leave to present it, and move
that it lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to,
Mr. WADE presented a petition of the repre-
sentatives of the religious Society of Friends,
constituting the "Ohio Yearly Meeting," at their
session held at Mount Pleasant, Ohio, February
i 18, 1854, remonstrating against the repeal of the
Missouri compromise; which was ordered to he
on the table.
Mr. CASS presented two memorials of citizens
of New York, praying that measures may be
taken to secure religious freedom to American cit-
izens abroad; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. WADE, it was
Or<lereds That the petition and papers in the ca&e of the
widow of C.L. Williamson, Kite a commander in the Navy,
be withdrawn from the files of tlie Senate, and relened to
the Committee an Pensions.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, it was
Ordered, That James Thompson have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr.SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill from
the House of Representatives, to amend an act
entitled "An act to divide the State of Arkansas
into two judicial districts," approved March 3,
1851, reported it back with sundry amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Susan Coody and
others, Cherokees, praying indemnity for property
destroyed by some of the United States soldiers,
near Fort Gibson, in the year 1845, reported a bill
for the relief of Susan Coody and others; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. PETTIT, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the memorial
of Matthew Rippey, praying that a patent may be
granted to Conrad Wheat, junior, or his legal rep-
resentatives, for six hundred and forty acres of
land, recording to the plat of survey under the
New Madrid location certificate of said Wheat,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for the
relief of Comad Wheat, junior, or his legal rep-
resentatives; which was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee of Claims, to
whom was referred the memorial of G. A." Dab-
ney and others, mechanics enlisted in the service
of the United States, praying to be allowed for
transportation from California to the Atlantic
States of the Union, submitted an adverse report
thereon.
IRA DAY".
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, on thelast private
bill day 1 called for the consideration of the bill
for the relief of Ira Day, of Vermont. It hap-
pened, however, to have been mislaid, so that the
clerks were unable to put their hands upon it at
the time, and so it was passed over. I move that
the Senate now proceed to the consideration of
that bill.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The bill authorizes the Postmaster General to
pay to Ira Day, of Vermont, $1,008 90, out of
the funds of the Post Office Department, in full
for the balance due to him for transporting the
mail from Royalton to Burlington, in the State of
Vermont, from January, 1833, to July, 1837
This subject has been repeatedly before Con-
gress. A bill was reported in 1839, another in
1840, and others at more recent Congresses. The
facts are these:
James Barker and others were contractors for
transporting a daily mail for four years from Bos-
ton, 111 the State of Massachusetts, to Royaiton,
Montpelier, and Burlington, (the great depot of
navigation on Lake Champlain,) being the great
mail route from Boston to Montreal, for the sum
of $12,250 per annum, commencing on the 1st
day of January, 3833, and ending in January,
1837. In the month of October, 1834, the Post-
master General ordered the route to he discon-
tinued one day in a week, on that part of the
