1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2041
The resolution was referred, under the rule, to
the Committee on Printing.
REPORT OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The Speaker laid before the House a communi-
cation from the Secretary of the Smithsonian In-
stitution, transmitting the annual report of the
Board of Regents of that institution, and request-
ing that the same be laid before the House of
Representatives.
The SPEAKER. The annual report does not
accompany the letter of the Secretary. The
Chair understands that there is but one copy. It
ia very voluminous, and is now in the other end
of the Capitol.
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 move that the communi-
cation and report be laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed; and I move that twenty thousand
extra copies be printed, and that that motion be
referred to the Committee on Printing.
It was so ordered.
THE GUANO REPORT AGAIN.
Mr. HUNT obtained the floor
Mr. SOLLERS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. The resolution which 1 submitted just now
was, 1 took it for granted, to be put upon its pas-
sags. I did not conceive that there would be a
motion to refer it
The SPEAKER. The Chair was in the act of
putting the question on the adoption of the reso-
lution, not recollecting at the mbment thai 'he
ruleoof the House inquired it to be referred to
the Committee on Printing, until the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] rose in his place and
demanded the execution of the rule.
Mr. SOLLERS. Well, I hope the gentleman
from Tennessee will withdraw his objection, and
let the resolution be put upon its passage. It is a
very important matter, and one in which the agri-
culturists of the country are deeply concerned.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Cannot the
rules be suspended for the purpose of having the
resolution put upon its passage?
The CHAIR. Yes, if a motion could be got
in for that purpose. But there is now a motion
pending to suspend the rules; and the motion in-
dicated could only be made by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. SOLLERS. Then 1 move that the rules
be suspended.
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The gentle-
man from Tennessee objected to the consideration
of the resolution. The order was therefore made
that it be referred, as the rules require, to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. SOLLERS. 1 hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will withdraw his objection. As I said
before, this is a matter of great importance, and
I doubt whether,  f it were referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing, we could get a report in time.
The objection was not withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Louis-
iana [Mr. Hcni] )■< on the floor, and only gave
way for explanation on the part of the gentleman
from Maryland.
PORT OF DELIVERY ON LA KK PONTCHAR-
TRAIN.
Mr. HUNT. 1 only ask to oc-upy the atten-
tion of the House one moment. I wish to oblige
a friend, and ! therefore ask the favor of the
House for my colleague, [Mr. Duxbar,] who
has been for some time too unwell to occupy his
place. Sir, an act was committed to his care "to
establish ti port of delivery ut Lake Port on Lake
Pontchartrain, and for other purposes," which
I desire may now be taken up and passed. There
is no objection to it. The bill has passed the
Senate, and I hope the House will allow.' i*. to be
put upon its passage here. As I said, my col-
league has been too unwell to attend to the matter
himself. Hells'! not s.-ked any previous favors
from this House.
The SPEAKER. What is the number of the
bill?
Mr. HUNT, ft u Senate bill No.'243, and
is in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
There being no objection, the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was discharged
from the further consideration of Senate bill (No.
243) "to establish a port of delivery at Lake Port,
on Lake Pontchartrain, and for other purposes;"
and said bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Some of the gen-
tlemen interested in the report made on the guano
trade are anxious to have that report printed
under the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Sollers,] and also wish that
the House should adopt the resolution without
sending it to the Committee on Printing. I will
withdraw my objection to that course.
Mr. WALSH. If that is the guano report, I
object.
PASSAGE OF SENATE BILLS.
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Massachusetts, ob-
tained unanimous consent to make a report from
the Committee on Commerce, and thereupon re-
ported back to the House, without amendment,
Senate bill (No. 418) entitled "An act creating a
collection district in Texas and New Mexico."
The bill having been read inextenso, was ordered
to be read a third time; and was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. W., from the same committee, also re-
ported back, with an amendment, Senate bill (No.
425) " to constitute Ttiscttmbia, in the State of
Alabama, a port of delivery."
The amendment provides that Paducah, in the
State of Kentucky, Shreveport, in Louisiana,
and Jeffersonville, in Indiana, shall severally be
constituted ports of delivery m the collection dis-
trict of New Orleans.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
read a third time; and was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
The title was then read.
Mr. WENT WORTH. I move to amend the
title by adding thereto the words, " and for other
purposes."
The amendment to the title was agreed to.
Mr. W.,from the same committee, next re-
ported Senate bill (No. 413) constituting Madison,
m the State of Indiana, a port of delivery.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. DISNEY. 1 would inquire of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts whether these bills are
all of the same character ?
Mr. WENTWORTH. They are.
Mr. DISNEY. Then 1 hope they will be dis-
posed of at once without reading.
Mr. WALSH. I desire to know of the Chair
if the gentleman from Massachusetts lias a right
to report all these bills ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Massachusetts, when he asked
the consent of the House to make a report from
the Committee on Commerce, that it was to report
only a single bill; but the gentleman has several
which he says he included in the motion.
Mr. WALSH. Has the gent'oman the right
to have these bills passed ?
The SPEAKER. If the bills are reported
from the committee, the gentleman has the right
to move to put them upon their passage.
Mr. WALSH. 1 object to this bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it ia too
late to object to this bili, it having been received
and read.
Mr. WENTWORTH. 1 distinctly stated, whet)
1 asked the consent of the House, that I wished
to report several bills from the Committee of Com-
merce, mainly for the establishment of ports of
entry and ports of delivery.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to refer these
bills to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and that they be printed, so that the
House may see what they are. We can then take
them up and act upon them the next session of
Congress.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I hope that will noi
be done.
The SPEAKER. The Chair at the moment
was certainly inattentive to the language used by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, in asking the
consent of the House to make this report, suppos-
ing that he desired to report only a single bill.
The Chair decides that it is too late to object to
the bill now undei consideration, but ho will en-
tertain objections to other bills reporied by the
gentleman, if they are made in time.
Mr. WENT \V0RTH. I ask the House simply
to allow me to say that I have been trying to get the
floor for the last three week- for the purpose of re-
porting these bills, which the Committee on Com-
merce have instructed me to report, but I have not
succeeded until the present moment. The House
\ will bear me witness that I have occupied but very
little of their time during' the present session.
These bills are applicable to various sections of
the country, for the establishment of such ports of
entry and delivery as the wants of the business of
those ports have rendered necessary.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Massachusetts will move to sus-
pend the rules to enable him to report these bills.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is not in order, from the fact that there is
already a motion pendingto suspend the rules sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Alabama. The
question is upon ordering the bill before the House
to be read a third time.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I now ask leave to
report another bill of the same character.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. DISNEY obtained the floor.
Mr. MAXWELL. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce has several bills of a similar
character to those just passed, establishing ports
of delivery in Florida, which I ask that the gen-
tleman may be allowed to report.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
gentleman from Ohio and the House that the re-
port shall be now submitted ?
Mr. DISNEY. I cannot yield now. I ask
the unanimous consent of the House for leave to
report back from the Committee on Public Lands
two Senate bills, one in relation to a grant of land
heretofore made to the State of Illinois, and the
other in relation to a similar grant made to the
Sute of Wisconsin. The facts in both cases are
precisely similar, and the bills are identical in
phraseology. The language in both is copied
from a law in relation to a precisely similar case
in regard to the State of Indiana. The Commit-
tee on Public Lands have instructed me to ask
the unanimous consent for leave to report them
back and put them on their passage.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, I would ask
the gentleman to embrace in his proposition Sen-
ate bill (No. 352) extending, in certain cases, the
provisions of the act entitled "An act to extend
preemption rights to certain lands therein men-
tioned," approved March 3, 1853.
Mr. DISNEY*. I must decline the gentleman's
proposition. I hope that the House will now dis-
pose <jf these bills. I repeat, that the facts in
both cases are alike. They are precisely similar
to a case which occurred in Indiana some years
ago. The rule for the government of all such
cases has been already fixed.
Mr. EASTMAN. Have not these bills been
recommended by the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office?
Mr. DISNEY. They have.
Mr. CHAST A1N. I object to the gentleman 'a
proposition.
Mr. DISNEY. I move, then, that the rules be
suspended for the purpose which I have indicated.
The SPEAKER. There is now pending a
motion for the suspension of the rules.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. I hope that the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] will eon-
sent to his motion for a suspension of the rules
sroing over until to-morrow morning, so that we
may suspend the rules and go mto the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
Senate amendments to the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill. 1 submit the motion to go into
committee
Mr. PECKIIAM. I ask the unanimous con-
sent to report three or four Senate bills merely for
reference.
Mr. JONES. I object.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules, submitted by the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cor.B.]
Mr. JONES. Is not my motion in order?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Alabama withdraw his motion?
Mr. COBB. I do not, sir.
Mr. JONES. 1 ins;st,then, on the regular order
of business.
Mr. McMULLIN, 1 would ask the gentleman
to yield to me a moment.
