1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
475
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business; and after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES*
Friday, February 24, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, in pursuance
of previous notice, asked and obtained leave to
introduce a bill; which was read a first and second
time by its title, as follows, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary:
" A bill to divide the State of Illinois into two
judicial districts."
Mr. STRATTON, by unanimous consent of
the House, presented a joint resolution of theSen-
ate and General Assembly of the State of New
Jersey, in favor of extending; the same privilege,
and giants of land, to the soldiers of the war of
1812 as have been granted to the soldiers in the
more recent wars of the United States.
The resolution was read in extenso, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present certain resolutions
adopted by the General Assembly of Virgima, and
move that they be referred to the committees indi-
cated respectively on the resolutions.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from ;
Virginia desire that these resolutions be read ?
Mr. FAULKNER. Yes; let them be read; they
are very brief.
The Clerk reported the resolutions, as follows:
1. Resolution in favor of amending the act of
Congress of 5th July, 1832, by which Congress
assumed the.pay merit of claims for half pay of the
officers of the Revolution, and their heirs; so as
to embrace within its provisions warrant officers
of the Navy.
Referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
2. Resolution in favor of so modifying the act
of Congress of August 31,1852, providing for the
satisfaction, in scrip, of outstanding Virginia mili-
tary land bounty warrants, as to authorize the
issuing of scrip on all warrants allowed by the
authorities of that State.
Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
3. Resolution in favor of the extension by Con-
gress of the bounty land acts, so as to allow all
persons who served, on land or water, in the war
of 1812, and the widows and minor children of
such as are deceased, an amount of land not ex-
ceeding one hundred and sixty acres each.
Mr. BISSELL. I suggest that the Committee |
on Military Affairs is a more appropriate commit- ,
tee for the reference of this resolution than that
indicated, (the Committee on Invalid Pensions.)
Mr. FAULKNER. Very well; let it go to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
It was so ordered.
4. Resolution in favor of an amendment, by
Congress, of its law of July 5, 1832, so as to em-
brace within its provisions an adjudication and
payment, by the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States, of the claims of the officers of the
Virginia line, upon continental establishment,
upon the same principles as those of the State line, i
Referred to the Committee on Revolutionary j
Claims. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO DISASTER. j
Mr. BISSELL. I move that a committee of]
conference be appointed to meet a similar com- ;
mittee appointed by the Senate, upon the dis- j
agreeing votes concerning the amendments to the 1
bill for the relief of the United States troops who i
were sufferers by the recent disaster to the steam- '
ship San Francisco. As a committee of three has
been appointed on the part of the Senate, I suppose
it would be proper to appoint a committee of five
from the House; and I pug^est that that be done.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee of Elections, to whom was referred the
memorial of William Carr Lane, contesting the ;
right of Jose Manuel Gallegos to a seat in the !
House of Representatives, as a Delegate from the ■
Territory of New Mexico, made a report thereon, ;
setting forth the facts in the case, as they appeared i
in evidence before the committee, accompanied by
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Hon. Jo?£ Manuel Gullegos is entitled
to the swat as Delegate (rum the Territory of New Mexico
for the Thirty-Third Congress.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER presented the following Exec-
utive communications; which were severally read
and disposed of, as indicated below:
1. A communication from the Treasury De-
partment, transmitting, in compliance with a res-
olution of the House of the 13th instant, a state-
ment showing the original cost of each custom-
house, including expenditure for sites as well as
construction; also the entire annual expenditure
for the last three years, with the salaries of officers
employed, and the amount of revenue collected
during a like period; so arranged as to show at
what points the expenditures exceeds the returns.
Laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
2. A communication fiom the War Department,
transmitting, in compliance with various acts of
Congress, a list of persons employed in that De-
partment other than officers of the Army, during
the year 1853.
Laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
3. A communication from the War Department,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the House of the 13th instant, a report of Topo-
graphical Engineers, in reference to a survey of
Twelve Mile Creek, Lake Ontario.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
4. A communication from the War Department,
transmitting a statement showing what contracts
have been made under the authority of that De-
partment during the year 1853.
Laid upon the tabie, and ordered to be printed.
5. A communication from the Navy Depart-
ment, transmuting three hundred copies of the
Navy Register for the year 1854.
Laid upon the table.
REFERENCE OF SENATE BILLS
The following bills from the Senate were taken
up, in their order, from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time by their titles, and sever-
ally referred, as indicated below:
"An act (No. 48) for the benefit of the heir-at-
law of Lieutenant C. A. Wicklilfe." Referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
"An act (No. 92) for the benefit of citizens and
occupants of the town of Council Bluffs, in Iowa.'5
Referred to the Commit'ee on Public Lands.
"An act (No. 183) for the relief of Passed Mid-
shipman George P. We sh, and Clark H. Wells."
Refened to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
"An act (No. 167) for the relief of Joseph
Campan." Referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
"An act (No. 176) for the relief of John P.
McEldery." Referred to the Committeeof Claims.
"An act (No. 208) for the relief of John Devlin."
Referred to the Committee of Claims.
Bill from the Senate (No. 153) " to relinquish
the reversionary interest of the United States to a
certain reservation therein mentioned, and to con-
firm the title of Charles G. Gunter thereto;" was
also taken from the Speaker's table, and read a
first and second time by its title.
The SPEAKER. This bill will be referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. COBB. ) think it would be best to refer
it to the Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. It was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims m the Seriate, and
the Chair therefore supposed that was the appro-
priate committee.
Mr. COBB, f am satisfied it is the wrong
committee, and I move that the bill be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SAGE. I move that it be referred to the
Judiciary Committee. I think that would be more
appropriate.
TKe question was taken on Mr. Cobb's motion,
and it was disagreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Sage's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the bill- was referred to the Committee-on ther
Judiciary.
Mr. BISSELL. It is suggested to me, by gen-
tlemen around me, that in asking this morningfor
the appointment of a committee of conference
of five members I asked a departure from the
general rule of the House, and that three is the
usual number of such committees.
The SPEAKER. That is true; three is the
usual number.
Mr. BISSELL. I ask that, by common con-
sent, the number may be changed from five to
three.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
LANDS TO WISCONSIN.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was the consideration of a bill reported
yesterday from the Committee on Public Lands,
" gran ting a portion of the public lands to the State
of Wisconsin, to aid in the construction of rail-
roads and branch roads therein;" that a motion
was pending to refer the bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, arid that the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bissell] was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Have we got through
with the bills on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. This is private bill day, and
we have disposed of all the private bills on the
Speaker's table. ^
Mr. ORR. I desire to make some remarks upon ▼
this bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to suggest that it
seemed to be understood yesterday, by common
consent, that the further consideration of this bill
should go over until Tuesday morning, in view of
the fact which has been indicated by the Speaker
this morning, in taking up only private bills from
the table, that the action of the House is limited
to-day to private bills.
Mr. ORR. I intended to submit that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
has the floor.
Mr. BISSELL. I yield the floor for the pur-
pose indicated.
Mr. ORR. Then I move that the consideration
of the bill be postponed until Tuesday next.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER. Reports are now in order
from the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to present the following res-
olution:
Reiohrd, That the committee h^tofore appointed to
inquire into the expediency of amending tin1 Con&ti fusion of
the United State-, in relation to the mode of electing a Presi-
dent, be, and the same is hereby, instructed further ro in-
qime into iIih expediency of limiting the term of service of
the Pre ideiit of the United State* to otic term, and making
litm thereafter ineligible to the office of President.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, objected to the intro-
duction of the resolution, and called for the regu-
lar order of business.
Mr. DISNEY. I am instructed, by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to report adversely on the
petition and papers of ChnstopherThompson and
others, praying for relief in regard to the location
of certain lands in Oregon. The facts appear to
be these: The petitioners, in violation of the laws
of the United States, settled themselves on iands
belonging to the Indians within the Territory of
Oregon. During a recent war they were driven
off the land by these Indians, to whom, since
peace has been made, the land has been returned.
Now these men come and ask this Government to
indemnify them for lands settled on in violation of
the laws of the United States. In the opinion of
the Committee on Public Lands they are not en-
titled to any compensation. 1 move to lay the
report on the table.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. DISNEY. I am further instructed, by the
same committee, to report adversely on the peti-
tion of J. A. Lapham, praying for compensation
for services rendered in furnishing information to
Messrs. Foster & Whitney and Mr. Owen, when
they were making a geological survey of Wiscon-
sin , Michigan, Iowa, and Minnesota. With re-
spect to the case, the facts are simply these: The
