1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2043
equally meritorious officers at all. That is the
reason why I oppose the amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am opposed to
this amendment, and to every other amendment
that can be offered to this proposition. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have recommended a
non-concurrence in this amendment, and this
committee are as competent to vote upon the
whole proposition now as they would be if they
were to discuss it under the five-minute rule for i
the balance of the day. I am opposed to the i
amendment, and ask that the vote may be taken |
at once. .
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suppose the
speech made by the member of the Committee of j
Ways and Means, who has just taken his seat, :
was intended as a backer to that of his colleague
upon the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. 1
Phelps,] and that it is in order to speak in oppo-
sition.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a question 1
of order. What is there before the committee that :
the gentleman from Virginia can speak upon? j
Mr. SMITH. I submit that the gentleman j
from Tennessee did not speak in opposition to the s
gentleman from Missouri. The gentleman from
Missouri proposes to allow the salaries of the
judges to remain as they are. The gentleman
from Tennessee proposes to du the same thing.
The CHAIRMAN. But the gentleman from
Tennessee proposes to accomplish the same object
by a different course.
Mr.Phelps's amendment was then disagreed to.
Mr. SMITH. I now propose to reduce the
amounts appropriated in this amendment to $6,500
for the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, and to
$6,000 for the Associate Judges.
Mr. Chairman, if I can get the ear of the com-
mittee for a few moments, I think what I have to
say will not be entirely unprofitable. I suppose
the American people, as well as the American
Congress, ought to be disposed, and are disposed,
to place these high functionaries in an independent
position. They are intrusted with the highest
jurisdiction. They have the gravest duties to
perform, and they should never know the pressure
of pecuniary wants. They should be placed be-
yond the reach of temptation. Their salaries
ought to be sufficient to make them perfectly
independent.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. SMITH. Oh, I hope the gentleman from
Georgia will allow me to go on without interrup-
tion.
Mr. SEWARD. I insist upon my point of
order. The gentleman has moved to reduce the
salaries of the judges, and he is making a speech
in favor of increasing them.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has not been
able to hear a word the gentleman from Virginia [
has said, and, therefore, cannot decide whether he [
is in order or not. j
Mr. SMITH. Why I go for increasing the '
amount of these salaries.
Mr. SEWARD. But the amendment was the [
other way. !
Mr. SMITH. My amendment is to reduce the ;
amount fixed in the Senate amendment, but to
increase that allowed under exiting law. But, '
sir, I am making my argument to those in this ;
committee who can appreciate it. J
Mr. SEWARD. I doubt very much whether |
anybody in this committee can appreciate the i
speeches of the gentleman from Virginia at all I
times. [Laughter.] j
Mr. SMITH. I am very sure that is the con- ;
dition of the gentleman from Georgia. But, sir, |
to proceed: And as I find it necessary to repeat j
the remarks I have already made, I hope what 1
time has already been consumed will not be taken ;
out of my five minutes. I was saying that it was
the very highest duty of the American people,
and of the American Congress, to place these high 1
functionaries in a position pecuniarily which shall
place them entirely beyond the reach of tempta- 1
tion. They should never become embarrassed in ■
the discharge of their high and grave duties by
the wants of life. I said that in this view of the
subject all of us would be prepared to do what i
was right and proper. •
The question is just this: Is the salary which j
they are now receiving sufficient to place them in \
this situation ? X was going on to state, and I will i
now state, and come down to the gentleman's com-
prehension, good as it is. I have no doubt that
one of our present judges has to travel eleven
thousand miles, and pay #500 as traveling ex-
penses. Judges get no mileage. He has, 1 say,
to pay $500 as traveling expenses out of his sal-
ary of $4,500. Besides, out of this $4,000, he has
to pay in the city of Washington $3,000a year for
the house which covers him, and there is left then
$1,000 to supply his table, and to support and
educate his family, and I put it to the committee,
and to the honorable gentleman from Georgia
himself, whether this pittance is proper compen-
sation for a Judge of the Supreme Court of the
United States.
The committee then have the facts as to one of
these judges. 1 shall not comment on the salary
paid Chief Justice Taney. He is known, re-
spected, and beloved; yet he and his family are
unable to live on the salary which he now receives.
While we all participate in the burdens of in-
creased expenditure, are theye high functionaries
of the Government to be denied what is absolutely
necessary to their support? And I say to this com-
mittee that one of the judges, feels, that instead of
the Government supporting him, he is helping to
support the Government, tie lays out $3,000 in
house-rent, $500 as traveling expenses, in going
over a distance of eleven thousand miles, and has
^1,000 left for the support and education of his
family. Will you not increase this man's salary,
and at least leave him $2,500, the amount proposed
by my amendment? Is the allowance an unreason-
ableone? Can any member refuse the proposition
his vote in view of all the circumstances ?
Mr. SEWARD. I am opposed to increase of
pay for this reason: The Judges of the Supreme
Court are not responsible to the people of this
country, and it sometimes happens that in the ex-
ercise of the power with which they are clothed,
they commit great outrages on the people's rights.
They sometimes use power which does not belong
to them under the Constitution of the United
States. We have had a recent instance of the
exercise of such power, and the only way in
which we can control this branch of the Govern-
ment is to refuse to increase its pay. Let us teach
them that while they are not directly responsible
to the people, they are, at least, dependent on the
people of this country for their salaries.
Now, in reference to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, (Mr. Smith.] It is perfectly apparent to
the members of this committee that he has under-
taken to assume to himself the responsibility of
the entire legislation of this country. [Laughter.]
He has set up for himself a higher order of intel-
lect than anybody else is willing to accord to
him, [renewed laughter;] and 1 want the gentle-
man to understand, however much he may desire
to read lectures to other people, that when he un-
dertakes to read them to me he must do it respect-
fully. I have sought to injure the feelings of no
one. I have treated ail respectfully, and I shall
not tolerate disrespect from the gentleman from
Virginia, or anybody else. When I am the ag-
gressor, and do wrong, I shall acknowledge it.
Mr. SMITH. Will the gentleman yield tome
a moment?
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH. I will ask the gentleman if it is
not disrespectful to get up here, and say that an
argument, addressed m support of a proposition, is
not in support of that proposition*
Mr. SEWARD. 'The gentleman said that my
comprehension was so dull that he knew I could
not appreciate the argument.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Georgia must confine himself to the amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. Having said thus much, 1
propose to say nothing more.
The question was taken upon Mr. Smith's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. HUNT. I move to increase the salaries
in the amendment $1,000.
My object in addressing the committee is to
support the proposition of the Senate, although 1
do not deem the amount moved in addition to that
recommended by the Senate, at all too large. As
wise and enlightened legislators we should duly
appreciate the learning, virtue, and ability of the
judges of the Supreme Court, who only attain
their elevated position after a life of great labor—
the lucnbrationes viginti annorwn—the study, the
reflections, and practice of many years. A judge
of theSupreme Court must have varied, extensive,
and profound attainments; and he must especially
be learned in all the departments of his high pro-
fession. And, Mr. Chairman, all these attain-
ments and this learning cannot be acquired by the
ablest man in a period short of fifteen or twenty
years; for, whatever may be the force of natural
genius, labor,and study, and experience are neces-
sary for the acquisition of the knowledge indis-
pensable to a judge. Properly estimating that
knowledge so requisite to the administration of
public justice, and knowing how few possess it
fully, we should take care to keep the door of
honor open to the competent by offering such sal-
aries as may operate upon their ambition to aspire
to and accept the exalted and dignified office of a
judge. The salary of a judge of the Supreme
Court should at least be sufficient to maintain him
and his family according to the condition in which
he stands in society. His expensesare necessarily
large. He must receive and entertain the mem-
bers of the bar, and other distinguished and learned
persons who will feel disposed to visit him. And
if he has children they must beliberally educated,
and supported in a manner suitable to his high
position. Gentlemen should bear in mind too,
the severe and constant duties of the judge. His
life is devoted to labor by day and by night, by
the light of the sun, and by the light of the lamp.
While others are indulging in recreation and en-
joyment, he is poring over books of ancient and
modern learning, examining and developing the
principles of lus noble science, and weighing those
things which are proper to form a perfect judg-
ment for his country, and all parties that appear
before his tribunal.
In estimating what is a proper salary for a judge
we should not lose sight of what an eminent law-
yer usually earns by his practice at the bar. It
is not uncommon for a distinguished lawyer in
any of our large cities, and even elsewhere, to
earn $15,000 or $20,000 a year. While this is
the case, it is certainly but fair that the judge
should receive at least the salary proposed in the
amendment of the Senate.
But there are other considerations which rec-
ommend the amendment. A judge should be
independent in his circumstances. He ought not
to be troubled and harassed by pecuniary cares.
He should be free and ready at all times, to de-
vote his entire energies, his heart and soul to the
cases that come before him for his decision. And
he should also be independent through his salary,
so as to be beyond temptation and beyond suspi-
cion. He ought so to be provided for, as not only
to be able to maintain his family properly, but to
command the entire confidence of his fellow citi-
zens in the uprightness and disinterestedness of
hia action.
And now, looking upon this matter practically.,
we all know that the expenses of living have in-
creased greatly in Washington of late years, and
that if a judge who has a family, reajs up his
children here, where he is obliged to spend so
much of his time, he can with difficulty meet his
expenses, unless he is possessed of a private
fortune. Now, then, I would ask, is the office
to be kept open only to the wealthy? Are the
wise, the virtuous, and the learned, who have
lived regardless of worldly pelf, and who have
not accumulated riches, to be excluded from the
bench. Is this Democratic doctrine? Is this a
doctrine for the government of science? No, sir;
let us be just and liberal. Let us appreciatelearn-
mg. Let us fairly compensate labor. Let us se-
cure independent men for the judgment seat, men
above suspicion, men who will faithfully devote
their time to the business of their great office.
But, it has been urged as a reason against an
increase of salary, that the judges are not respon-
sible to the people. Not responsible to the peo-
ple! Is this true, constitutionally? Sir, they are
responsible to the people as long as they are re-
sponsible to the organs constituted by the people
to impeach and to try them m case of delinquency.
But, I would ask, if you diminish the salaries of
judges, do you thereby increase their responsi-
bility ? If you adopt a pitiful salary which would
only be received by a mean, an ignorant, and an
incompetent man, do you thereby increase the
responsibility of the judicial officer
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise simply
to say that I am opposed to the amendment of the
