THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 17, 1854.
New Series No. 75.,
for the good of my country. If you will join me in the
eame spirit of liberty, m the same feeling of friendship, I
will unite with you to bring about an end which I believe
will promote the harmony and welfare of the whole coun-
try. I ask you, gentlemen, to accede to that proposition."
The House heard me with indulgence; and I
thank them for their kindness in hearing me now.
The House adjourned, unhappily, I think, till this
morning. 1 find a fair disposition towards an
amicable conclusion of the difficulty in those gen-
tlemen with whom I have had an opportunity of
conversing this morning; but the time allowed to
us has not been sufficient for ascertaining the opin-
ions of gentlemen, or for quieting their feelings.
I move, therefore, after this indulgence—if the
Houge allow me to do so—that this House now
adjourn till Monday next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remind the
gentleman from Louisiana, that the result of the
last vote of the House has not been announced;
and, besides that, there is at present pending a
motion to adjourn.
Mr. HUNT. Perhaps the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Matteson] will withdraw that motion.
Mr. CHURCHWELL, (interrupting.) Mr.
Speaker 
[Cries of "Order!" and "Question!"]
Mr. CLINGMAN. Let us have the regular
order of business.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I only desire to ask
the gentleman from Louisiana one single ques-
tion.
Mr. ORR. I object.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I hope the gentleman
from South Carolina will withdraw his objection.
I only want to propound a single question to the
gentleman from Louisiana. I do not want to get
into a discussion.
Mr. ORR. The question would be sure to give
rise to debate; and I must insist on my objection.
Mr. CHURCHWELL, (persisting.,) I have
only a single question to ask, and I hope the gen-
tleman from South Carolina will permit me to do
so.
The SPEAKER. Objection has not been with-
drawn; and the gentleman from Tennessee cannot
proceed in order.
The SPEAKER then announced the result of
the vote taken on the motion of Mr. Campbell
to adjourn till Tuesday, to be decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 52, nays 139.
So the House refused to adjourn over till Tues-
day next.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Matteson, that the House do now adjourn; upon
which the yeas and nays had been demanded.
Several Members. Tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for the yeas and
nays.
[Cries of" No"' "No!"]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays,
Mr. ORR. I demand tellers on the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. WALSH. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ORR. The yeas and nays have been just
refused.
Mr. HAMILTON. Mr. Speaker, what is the
question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question when the House comes to order.
The motion is that the House do now adjourn.
The yeas and nays were demanded, and refused
by the House. The question now is, shall there
be tellers upon the motion that the House do now
adjourn ?
Tellers were then ordered; and Messrs. Camp-
bell and Clingman were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers at
first announced 89 in the affirmative and 90 in the
negative. Several members afterwards passed
between the tellers, and they were reported, both
in the affirmative and negative, some by Mr.
Campbell and some by Mr. Clingman.
Here several members called upon the tellers
75
for a report; but the tellers,, appearing not to agree
upon the number, made no joint report.
Mr. TWEED. As there appears to be a disa-
greement, I call for a recount.
Mr.' CAMPBELL (one of the tellers) said:
There is no difficulty.
Mr. ORR. I ask if the tellers can say how
many there are in the affirmative, and how many
in the negative? If they cannot, I ask for a re-
count.
Mr. CLINGMAN, (one of the tellers.) I can-
not tell how many there are, because I have be-
come confused in footing up the ayes and noes.
Mr. ORR. It is the duty of the tellers to
report the number. I ask them to make the
report; and if they cannot, I ask for a recount.
Several members here appearing to call upon
the Clerk to know the number of votes which had
been reported by the tellers, as they progressed in
the count—
The SPEAKER said: The House will agree
with the Chair m the opinion that the tellers can
throw no partof the responsibility of deciding the
number of votes upon a third person, (meaning
the Clerk.) The tellers will report the number,
if they can; and the Chair will act upon that re-
port. Upon the tellers alone rests the responsi-
bility of reporting the number of votes, upon
which the Chair will act.
Members now crowded around the tellers, and
considerable confusion ensued.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask that the
Chair will require members to take their seats.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does require them
to take their seats.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the House
refused to order the yeas and nays.
'The SPEAKER. The. Chair decides that
motion to be out of order.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I demand that the
tellers shall report.
Mr. FAULKNER.' The tellers cannot report.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Then I demand a
recount.
Mr. CLINGMAN. There have been so many
votes withdrawn that I have lost the count, and I
cannot tell how the vote stands.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do know that the vote
stands—ayes 98, noes 92.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I did not think exactly in
the same way; I do not, however, know; and if I
were to report, it would be mere guess-work.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Does the Chair decide that
it is not in order to move to reconsider the vote by
which the yeas and nays were ordered?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did so decide.
Mr. OLDS. Is it not in order to move that
there be a recount?
The SPEAKER. The Chair, in his opinion,
has the right to order a recount, and he makes
that order.
Mr. BANKS. Is the House dividing at this
time ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to make a single sug-
gestion, if the House will allow me.
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. ORR. I objected to my friend from Ten-
nessee making remarks; I must now object to my
friend from Massachusetts.
Mr. BANKS. I wish merely to make a single
suggestion.
Mr. ORR. 1 object to the gentleman, as I did
to the gentleman from Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. All debate is out of order.
Mr. HAVEN. I will try and relieve the House
from its present embarrassment. I would ask that
my friend from Louisiana [Mr. Hunt] will with-
draw his motion that the House do now adjourn,
in order that I may submit the motion, that when
the House adjourns, it be to meet on Monday next;
and on that motion demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Is it competentjto
have a recount ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
stated that when the House came to order there
would be a recount.
Mr. BANKS. I would appeal to my frie#d
from South Carolina to withdraw his objection,
so that I may make a single suggestion.
Mr. WALSH. 1 object to the gentlenten'a
proceeding.
The question was again put on the motion to
adjourn, and Mr. Campbell, one of the tellers, -
reported—ayes eighty.
Mr. HENN. I rise to a question of order..
After the affirmative vote is announced by the
tellers, and the negative vote is called for, can
further affirmative votes be received ? I hold that
they cannot.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will con-
sult the record, he will find that the uniform prac?
tice has been to receive votes on either side until
the result was announced by the Chair.
Mr. HENN. I know that that has been the
practice; but is it in accordance with the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
gentleman's point of order.
The tellers then reported ninety-five in the neg-
ative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion that there
be a call of the House, on which the yeas and nays
had been ordered.
Mr. SAGE. I move that I be excused from
voting on that question.
Mr. DICKINSON. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has uniformly,
during the last day or two, decided that motion to
be out of order, and does so now.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to say a single word
to the House, with its permission, in reference to
the matter before it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man will be heard.
Mr. WALSPI. I object. '
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 55, nays 124.
So the House refused to order a call.
Mr. HAVEN. Is it in order to move that the
House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I make that motion; and
I hope the House will take this opportunity to go
to work again.
Mr. PECK. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion of my colleague.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Is it in order to have the
29th rule read? I should like to have it read.
The SPEAKER. There is no point of order
before the House; and it can only be read by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HIBBARD. I object.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hayek's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yea#
73, nays 99.
Mr. HAVEN. As the House will not work,
I move that we adjourn; and on that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
[Loud cries of" Withdraw that motion!"]
Mr. HAVEN. I withdraw it.
Mr. MORGAN. I renew it.
[Loud and continued cries of " No!" " No!"]
Mr. MORGAN. Well, I withdraw it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is very appar«it,
Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Orr.) The
Chair must remind the gentleman that debate is
not in order.
Mr. BENNETT. I object to any debate.
Mr. RICHARDSON, lam not going to debate;
I only desire to make a proposition.
Mr. SAGE. If the gentleman makes any re-
marks, we shall claim the privilege to reply.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
admonished the gentleman from Illinois that debate
is not in order, and will enforce the rule.
Mr. RICHARDSON, tarn only going to sub-
mit a proposition.
