4 n
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
petitioner being in possession of valuable informa-
tion in regard to the geological formation of the
countries indicated, was applied to by the sur-
veyors appointed by the Government ot the United
States to furnish it to them. He voluntarily gave
it to them. Now, some three ur four yeans sub-
sequently, he asks the Government 10 pay for the
information which he voluntarily communicated to
these gentlemen, who were m the employ of the
Government. The committee deemed that he was
not entitled to compensation, and repot t adversely
on the petition. 1 move that that report be laid
on the table.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. DISNEY. I am instructed to report back,
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that n do pass, a bill of the following title:
<(A bill confirmatory of certain school selec-
tions. "
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill in ezlenso.
Mr. HAVEN. Is the proposition now before
the House to put the hill on its passage?
The SPEAKER. That is the proposition.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I perceive that it is not
in order to make my motion now.
The Clerk resumed, and concluded the reading
of the hill.
Mr. DISNEY. Mr. Speaker, the fi ientfs of this
bill desire to have it put upon its passage. itanses
out of this state of facts: (
The provisions ofahe existing statutes authorize
the authorities of the several States, in cases where
a fractional township shall not contain within its
limits section sixteen—the school section—to se-
lect a section in lieu thereof in such lands as do
not fall within the limits of the township sur-
veyed. Under that provision of law the author-
ities in these particular cases proceeded, in good
taith, to make selections of what they supposed
themselves to be entitled to. The land office con-
firmed these selections as school lands to the re-
spective townships. Subsequently, the State, m
some eases, disposed of these lands by sale. This
they had a right to do, if the title were legally
vested in them. Parties puichased in good faith,
and paid valuable consideration for them, and the^
matter was supposed to be finally adjusted and
settled.
Subsequently, however, the surveys of the Gov-
ernment were extended so as to embrace the islands ;
in these boundaries. In the State of Iowa several
islands in the Mississippi river were so embraced
within the boundaries, and in the extension of
these surveys it was found that, in some cases,
section sixteen was comprised in some of these
islands.
Here, then, is the condition of the case. The
authorities supposing that section sixteen, belong-
ing to the township for school lands, was riot
within their limits, proceeded, under the provis-
ions of the existing statutes, to select lands out-
side of their boundaries in lieu of section sixteen.
The whole transaction was carried on in good faith.
The land office confirmed the selections, and the
proper authorities of the State disposed of the
lar.ds in some instances, and they are now in the
possession of innocent purchasers, who have ac-
quired their title or right to them by the payment
of valuable consideration.
It was subsequently, however, discovered that
section sixteen was included in the island, and the
question of legal title has been raised as to whether
the township was entitled to section sixteen on
the island, or whether it was entitled to enter on
lands outside of its limits, and appropriate them
under the provisions of the statute.
I believe there are some fifteen or twenty binii-
lar cases altogether in the Union.
This bill, then, is to provide a remedy for the
case. If it should be held that the title to the six-
teenth section, discovered by the final survey, was
vested in the township, and that they were legally
entitled to it, then they possess no title to the land
which the State had disposed of, and which is
now in the hands of innocent purchasers. If, on
the other hand, it should be held that, the original
selection having been made in conformity to the
statute, as the surveys then stood, the title thereto
was vested, and that subsequent disco\eiy, made
by the extension of the survey, conveyed no title
to the authorities, then sections sixteen, which
are found upon these islands, remain in the United
States.
But these questions can only be determined by
(judicial investigation and decision. Now, the
■ whole amount involved in all these cases, m all
1 the States, does not exceed two thousand acres.
I In order, therefore, to avoid the expenses and
I difficulties attending the litigation of these ques-
j tioj>s,and in order to avoid embarrassing innocent
| puichasers, the committee came to the conclusion
| to recommend the passage of a bill to confirm the
i selection, and to confirm the title to the lands in
I the State authorities. The whole amount, as i
! before stated, in all the States—in Wisconsin,
I Missouri, Iowa, and others—will not reach two ;
; thousand acres. These are the facts of the case, \
; and they have induced the Committee on Public ■
Lands to recommend this bill. ,
Mr, LETCHER. I wish to make an inquiry ,
, of the gentleman from Ohio. If 1 understand the >
gentleman aright, he proposes to confirm to the
State the title of these lands which have been taken
m lieu of the sixteenth sections, and then to give
' them the sixteenth sections besides, when discov- j
ered ? i
Mr. DISNEY. That is so. j
Mr. LETCHER. I do not exactly under-i
stand the reason, or the rule, which would give !
j them the sixteenth sections, to which they were J
entitled m the first instance, and then give them, :
by this act, what is equivalent to the sixteenth
sections, i do not understand that either equity j
, or right demands this coiuse. The fact that the J
j amount of land involved is only two thousand j
acres or less, does not, it seems to me, at all affect !
the principle. We find in the bill the pnnciple ,
i and the terms upon which these grants are made, !
! and whenever the question of grants of lands shall i
< again be presented upon this floor, by some mem- '
| ber for his own State, precedents like this one are j
| invariably brought up, and are claimed as con-
: trolling the action of the House upon his case.
: Now, sir, it seems to me that a bill of this sort
! ought not to be passed without some considera- j
| tion being given to it, or at least, without some :
opponuuity being given for consideration. This '
j House ought not to be driven into the consideration
of any question here, when not a single member of :
the House has had the opportunity to examine
, the bill and to ascertain what will be its bearings
upon present or future legislation. :
i But, besides, this is precisely the course of policy '
introduced here during the first session of the last .
Congress, by which this Committee on Public ;
Lands effectually suspended the whole business of'
the other committees of this House, and thereby I
prevented everything and anything being done j
by this body from that time to the close of the j
session, which embraced a period of five or six !
months. The same thing is introduced here now.
Member after member ot this committee comes in
here and presents bills for the consideration of this
body, and immediately moves to put them upon
their passage. The whole morning hour is thus
wasted, and the matter goes on in this way from
Monday morning to Saturday night, putting off
all other business until the close of thesession. I
hope this thing will not be tolerated. I hope this
Committee of Public Lands will be placed pre-
cisely where all other committees are placed, and
when they present reports, the repoits will be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on
the state of the Union, so as to furnish jhe House
with an opportunity to investigate them, and as-
certain whether they are right or wrong. This is
the rule followed m reference to theother commit-
tees of this body,and task that the same measure
which is meted out to the one may be meted out :
totheotheis. 1 therefore move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I
Mr. DEAN, I am in favor, as a general rule,
of referring bills to the Committee of the Whole. 1
Hut 1 understood the chairman of the committee,
[Mr. Disney,] who made the report, to state that
this bill involved only some two thousand acres
of land, and that it was to be given to the States
exclusively for school purposes.
I should hke to know whether these lands are
intended exclusively forschool purposes. It seems
to me, that the House should have time to under-
stand this matter, so as to be prepared to vote
upon it. I was about to ask for the previous ques-
tion, but if the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands desires to speak, I will not press it
now; hut I hope that he will move it. The Com-
mittee on Public Lands did clog up the business
at the last Congress, and unless they manage soon
to finish making their reports, I "think that the
House, in self-defense, will be obliged to refer all
their measures immediately to the Committee of
the Whole, and I hope that they will do it.
Mr. COBB. This advice, given to the House
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Dean,]
is very sage indeed. I am inclined to think that
the gentleman himself has been as forward to in-
troduce measuies, and press them upon theaction
of the House, as other gentlemen here: and now
he gets up and tells the House what they ought
to do, m violation of his own practice.
[Cries of " Order! " " Order! "]
Mr. DISNEY. I confess that 1 am somewhat
surprised at the remarks made by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] and the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Dean-,] with regaid to the
action of the Committee on Public Lands. The
gentleman from Virginia talks about the House
not tolerating this sort of proceeding. What does
the gentleman mean? Not tolerare what? Not
tolerate the Committee on Public Lands attending
to the business with which this House has in-
trusted them ? Is the fact of attending to business
so utterly in violation of thegenera! usage and prac-
tice of the House, as not to be tolerated, because
it is a departure from the common practice of the
House? Is that what the gentleman means? Is
it so great a departure from the gentleman's own
usage and practice, when a Committee of this
House attends intelligently to its duties, and presses
upon the House, in obedience to those duties, the
consideration of a matter which has been intrusted,
to their hands, that he must rise here and talk to
this House about not tolerating the attention to
business manifested by the Committee on Public
Lands? 1 ask, is it the contrast furnished by the
attention and diligence of this committee that
treads upon the toes of the gentleman ? Tolerate!
Is that the word ? What does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Dean] mean, because, forsooth,
he too takes up the song and reechoes thestrain with
the gentleman from Virginia.
The gentleman from New York talks about no
business being done, because the Committee on
Public Lands occupy the attention of the House.
With what do they occupy the attention of the
House? What does the gentleman from New
York call business ? Is it the discussion between
the Hards and Softs? [Laughter.]
The Committee on Public Lands have endeav-
ored to discharge the duties with which they are
intrusted. They have endeavored to discharge
those duties, I repeat, intelligently, and to possess
themselves of the facts before they came to a de-
cision, so as to be able at all times to give an
intelligent reason for the action which they may
recommend to the House. I trust, hereafter, when
the committee, in accordance with their instruc-
tions, have examined and considered upon any
matter, and have submitted a report upon it, as
they are bound to do by parliamentary law, that
we shall hear no more from the gentleman from
Virginia, and the gentleman from New York, about
clogging the business of the House, or calling upon
the House not to tolerate it.
I endeavored, when I had the floor, to explain
all the facts in connection with the bill. Those
facts were plain and simple, yet the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] wants more time to
consider. Why, how long does it take that gen-
tleman to understand a plain, simple fact? For
what length of time does he ask ? Does he want
to reestablish the old common-law rule of fifteen
days' notice before he can be compelled to plead ?
Is there any fact simple enough to come within his
comprehension without having it postponed for
days, weeks, and it may be months ?
Is it for the advantage of the public interest?
Is it the way to facilitate the public business, by
referring every little trivial matter, and send it
lumbering upon your records in committee, filling
up your Calendar, until the House becomes dis-
mayed at the immense amount of business stand-
ing there claiming its action?
Sir, it is my opinion that the best way of facili-
tating the business of the House is by the imme-
diate disposition of these small matters, involving
only one or two plain simple facts, as soon as they
are reported in the House. Take, for instance,
the bill now under consideration. As I before
stated, all the cases in all the States in the Union
