1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2045
lisb but one volume. If you non-concur in the
Senate amendment, you have the thing as it was
originally passed.
Mr. WALSH, i do not insist upon it, if it is
distinctly understood that it leaves the proposition
as stated in the first two lines.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Ninety-first amendment:
Page forty-three, line one thousand and thirty-five, strike
out the word u ten," and insert m lieu thereof the words
" six ot the."
The clauae, as amended, reads:
For salaries of six of the additional clerks, &c.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence
in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninety-second amendment:
Line one thousand and torty strike out " $10,SOU," and
insert in lieu thereof $6,000. ">
The clause, as amended, reads:
For salaries of six of the additional clerks, authorized by
the acts of August 6, 1846, August 12, 1848, March 3, 1851,
and August 31,1852, £5,000.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence
in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninety-third amendment:
For one additional clerk in the office of the assistant
treasurer at Boston, Massachusetts, £'1,200.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninety-fourth amendment:
Page one thousand and forty-five strike out u for salary
of chief clerk to the assistant treasurer at New Yoik,
$1,600," and insert in lieu thereof the following:
For clerks, messenger, and watchmen in the office oi the
assistant treasurer at New York, ^13,900.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence
in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninety-fifth amendment:
Page forty six, line one thousand one hundred and ten,
after the word "dollars," add the following'
And the Secretary of the Treasuiy be, and he is hereby,
authorized to contract foi the construction of a custom-
house on --aid site, to include accommodations for h }w>st
office and United States court room, at a co^t not e.vce'
$200,000,
The clause, as amended, read*:
To purchase a site for custom house at Providence. Rhode
Island, $24,000, and the Secretary of the Treasury,'&c.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhodo Island. I propose to
amend the amendment of the Senate by increas-
ing the appropriation $100.
i would not rise at this time in the House to ask
this appropriation for the city of Providence, if I
did not see that every other city of equal ssize in
this whole Republic, and under similar circum-
stances its those under which Providence stands,
has received appropriations as large as that asked
for. Some of no more than half the population
have received appropriations amounting'to that
which is asked for Providence. And i do not see
why we should be singled out at this time to be
excluded from the common benefits conferred on
other cities.
The revenues paid to the national Treasury
from this port in Rhode Island has amounted to
$10,000,000, and we have never from the first re-
ceived any appropriations for a custom-house,
save of about $8,000, by which the present build-
ing was erected. We ask but one fiftieth part
ot the revenues received there in that long time
to erect a building necessary for the business of
the city. This building is designed to accommo-
date not merely the custom-house, but the poat
office, and the courts of the United States. The
site has been selected, having three of its sides
fronting; streets; and you cannot put up a cheap
orsmall building to meet the increase of business,
and afford suitable accommodation for all these
departments.
I think in view of these facts, that the city of
Providence and the State of Rhode Island,though
she is a small State, should be treated 9S other
cities and States are, which collect equal revenues.
I ask that, and nothing more { a«k the Com
tor h !m>
excecAu
4
mittee of Ways and Means to show me a single
city in this whole country on the seaboard, with
an equal population and revenue, where an
amount near to this has not already been appro-
priated, or is not in the progress of appropriation ?
We have already a site, and I ask what we are to
do with it, if you do not allow us an appropriation
to erect a building- thereon?
Now, sir, allow me to make a statement of facts, ,
which will show the propriety of making such an I
appropriation. The city of Charleston, with a 1
population not larger than ours, has already had ,
$1,000,000 appropriated for a custom-house at that |
point. She collects a larger revenue than Provi- j
dence does, and I do not say she is not entitled to j
a larger appropriation than Providence. But the ;
question is, is she entitled to three, four, or five !
times as much as we are? We do not object to
what she has, but justice compels us to say that
if she is entitled to §1,500,000, and it will require
that sum at least to complete hers, the city of Prov-
idence may fairly ask for $200,000. The city of
Richmond, v/ith a population of twenty-seven
thousand, and a revenue about equal to ours, has
had appropiiated for her $250,000. Is Providence
entitled to anything less than that? Mobile with
about the same population, and with not much
larger revenue, has also received $250,000. In
speaking of these places, I speak of their popula-1
tion as shown by the census of 1850. Thepopu- '
lation of Providence now, is fifty thousand. Mo- j
bile with a population of twenty thousand in 1850, ;
has received $250,000, and Providence, it seems :
to me, is the only yilace which gentlemen are will-;
ing to cut off. Is it because she is a small State? i
That is no reason why this injustice should be
done, and I appeal to gentlemen from the large 1
States to sustain us in this matter, and give us i
their aid. We have not asked anything before |
and we only ask now for a fiftieth part of thereve- j
nue which has been collected in that city, to erect j
a building which shall be useful and elegant. j
[Here the hammer fell.] !
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not expect to engage j
in any debate growing up in reference to these i
custom-houses, i expressed my views very fully I
when this subject was up in connection to another j
bill; but I feel bound, in justification of theaction
of the Committee of Ways and Means, to pre- j
sent the facts bearing upon this case. :
[The committee here rose informally, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message -
was received from the Senate, by Asbury Dick- 1
ins, Esq., their Secretary, informing the House !
that the Senate had passed a bill of the House, for 1
the relief of Daniel Steenrod, with an amendment, j
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence ]
of the House.] ]
Mr. HOUSTON, (resuming.) The gentleman I
from Rhode Island, 1 think, makes an entire mis- j
take in the manner ill which he discusses rhis I
amendment. He speaks of the population of his j
city in comparison with that of other places. The j
amount of revenue collected at Providence is j
about $65,000 a year, while at Richmond the ;
amou/itof revenue collected is mere than $150,000; !
and at Mobile it is over $100,000. So the com-j
mittee will see that the gentleman fails in his r.r-1
gument whenever he refers to the amount of pop-;
ulation of the cities, and loses sight of the amount j
of business which is done at these several points, i
it is the matter of the amount of business done at
any of these cities, taking into consideration, at i
the same time, the number of persons in the em- 1
ploy of the Government there, which makes it;
necessary to have these custom-houses at all. j
Besides, the Committee of Ways and Means ij
recommended an appropriation, which was adopted |'
by the House, and which goes to the full extent !|
of the recommendation of the Secretary of the
Treasury. The recommendation of the Secretarv ,
of the Treasury at the commencement of the
present Congress, was in these words: i
l< On a till! examination of tile city of Providence, no 1
suitanlp sill could be obtained for a new custom house for
a less sum than ,''40,000*, and if a new custom-house is to be j
'-reeled, it would be ba.l economy to build on an improper :
site. * * t
The Depaitmcit being satisfied that a proper site will j
cost thai amonnt, has asked for $21,000 m addition to the 1
$36,Ut'0 already appropriated, in order to bring the subject
to the attention of Congress, and recommending the appro- i
priation for that purpose, and of that amount." j
In this bill, preceding the amendment of the I
Memite, gentlemen will perceive thai there is an S
appropriation of #24,000 for this purpose, which
is the amount the Secretary of the Treasury asked
for. But, sir, this amendment is based upon no
recommendation or estimate of the Secretary of
the Treasury—at least upon none that hag ever
come before the Committee of Ways and Means,
or become a part of the records of the House.
Then, again, at the last session of Congress, we
made an appropriation, which is in the following
language:
" For the purchase of land additional to the present cus-
tom-house lot at Providence, Khode Island, $16,000 : and
for the erection of a new custom-house at said port, which
shall be so constructed and arranged as to fumtah a suitable
room for the United States circuit and district courts, with
the necessary offices for district judge, clerk, marshal, &c,
$34,000: Provided, That the entire cost of such additional
site and building shall in no event exceed the sum hereby
appropriated."
But, in the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury at the present session, it was stated that
a proper site could not be obtained for the amount
appropriated. The Secretary of the Treasury
asked that a further appropriation of $24,000
should be granted for that purpose. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means recommended, and
the House agreed, that that additional amount
should be appropriated; making, in all, $74,000
for completing the building for a custom-house,
court-room, &c. It is true that further appropri-
ations were asked for all these custom-houses, but
the committee recommended this.
Now, sir, I have no feeling in relation to the
matter. I do not care whether the committee
agrees to this amendment or not. But I ask that
the vote shall be taken.
Mr. Davis's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island, moved a pro
forma amendment, and said: Mr. Chairman, I de-
sire to state that when the calculations were made
for the first building in Providence, it was con-
templated to build only a custom-house. But on
an examination of the city, it was found that the
sum appropriated for the purchase of a site, would
not purchase a proper one. The Department,
therefore, recommended an additional appropria-
tion for a site. I will state, however, that this
appropriation, whieh it is now proposed to make,
is for a custom-house, court-room, and post of-
fice—the same as the other custom-houses which
have been provided for.
Now, one word in reference to another subject.
The gentleman says the revenue collected at the
city of Providence is not as great as that collected
in other cities. Now, sir, the revenue collected
there is more than it is in two or three other cities
where custom-houses are established. The reve-
nues collected at Providence are about the same
that they are in Richmond, and they are more
than they are in some of the other cities. They
are larger than they are in Louisville. They are
larger, so far as those from the post office is con-
cerned, and that is a point that should not be over-
looked.
They have about fifty officials there, and that is
much more than you will find in many of these
custom-houses. They have about twenty-five
connected with the custom-house proper, about
fifteen m the post office, and ten or twelve con-
nected with the courts; so that we stand on as good
footing as mostof the places where custom-houses
are established. Sir, the city of Providence is
important enough in point of revenue, in point of
population, and m point of wealth to demand the
erection of this building, and I hope this House
as a matter of justice, will adopt the amendment.
I appeal to the generosity of the House, while
they are appropriating more than $2,000,000 for
the West, that they should do something for the
East. The East is entitled to some consideration
as well as the West. It is true that the sun sets
in the West, but it is equally true that it rises in
the East. Weonlyask for this little amount, and
I-trust it will be granted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not intend to submit
an argument. I have said all that I desire to on
the question under consideration, in answer to
the gentleman from Rhode Island, 1 would refer
him to the law, which is in these words:
"For the purchase of land additional to the present cus-
tomhouse lot at Providence, Rhode island, $16,000; and
for the erection of a new custom-house at said port, which
shall he so constructed and arranged as to furnish a suitable
room lor the United States circuit and district courts, with
the necessary offices foi district judge, clerk, marshal, &t\,
$34,000; That tiie entne coat of such additional
