1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
that would come under its operation would not
number more than some fifteen or twenty. It re-
lates only to fractional townships. Every gentle-
man who knows anything about the system of
surveying the public lands, knows that of neces-
sity there must be the sixteenth section, which will
fall within the entire townships, and therefore the
bill does not and cannot apply to them. I repeat,
that it is only in the case of fractional townships,
where section ^.sixteen does not, or did not, fall
within the limits of the township.
In the original survey, in some cases it was
found that in fractional townships, section sixteen
would not fall within them. That survey pro-
ceeded only to the banks of the boundary rivers,
and there stopped; and under the provisions which
existed by statute, the authorities proceeded to
select, as they had the right to do in cases where
section sixteen did not fall within the fractional
township, lands in lieu of fractional section six-
teen. This selection was made in good faith,
under authority of law, and was in good faith
confirmed by the Land Office.
The authorities, in some of these cases, have
proceeded to dispose of the lands so selected, for
school purposes; and, as I have stated, innocent
parties purchased them, paying a full and valua-
ble consideration for them, and now are in pos-
session. As I have said, the authorities sold these
lands for full consideration. Subsequent to all
this, however, after the sale had been made, and
after these innocent parties had come into full pos-
session of the lands, the Government determined
to have their surveys extended so as to embrace
the islands within the boundary streams. And
here Jet me state, although I dislike to make so
many repetitions, that these fifteen or twenty
cases embrace every one, so far as school lands
are concerned, that has been found in the Union,
and so far as the surveys of the public lands have
been made. It is not confined in its operation, to
any one State, but applies to every State in the
United States.
But to proceed with the narrative: after this sub-
sequent survey had been made, a few cases were
found in which the sixteenth section, in lieu of
which lands had been before selected and located,
fell upon islands in the boundary streams; and
the question now arises, to which of these lands
are the States entitled ? Whether they are entitled
to the lands selected under authority of law, in
lieu of the missing section sixteen, as shown by
the then existing suiveys,and disposed of to pur-
chasers; or whether the title is vested in the six-
teenth section wherever found;and now found to be
on the islands to which the survey has been ex-
tended, and thus disturb the title of the parties pur-
chasing the lands originally selected ? If it should,
on the one hand, be held that the executive officers
of the Government did wrong in stopping their
surveys on the banks of the rivers, then the six-
teenth sections, when discovered, will belong to the
States; if, upon the other hand, it should be held
that the surveys were right originally, when lim-
ited to the banks of the streams, then the lands se-
lected in lieu of the sixteenth sections are vested m
the States, and the parties in possession are the
legal owners. The cases can only be settled by
legal adjudication, and the whole amount involved
in all the cases is but two thousand acres—or it
may be less.
I repeat, that there are only some fifteen or
twenty cases, and they are all fractional town-
ships, and the whole proceeds are to be given to
the States for common school purposes.
Mr. ORR. I perceive that the biil which the
gentleman ha"? reported is general in its character.
Mr. DISNEY. 1 so stated.
Mr. ORIl. The gentleman states that there are
not more than fifteen or twenty of these c.isee i
suppose he means that only that number have
come to the knowledge of the committee.
_ Mr. DISNEY. That is all. Bat 1 made par-
ticular inquiries at the land offices, and those are
all the cases they know of. The information I
now give to the House, in regard to the number,
is derived from the records of the Land Office itself.
The bill involves only two thousand acres in the
whole, applied to ail the notthwestern Slates,
where these cases exist, and judicial ques'ions
will arise if a bill of this soit is not pftsstd, in-
volving more cost than the whole value of the
land involved in it.
[A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Machin, its Assistant Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed a bill uto
authorize the construction of six steam frigates,"
in which he was dnected to ask the concurrence t
of the House.]
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Ohio
wants to know whether it is the contrast of the
faithful and efficient discharge of their duties, on
the part of the Committee on Public Lands, with
my own, and that of the committees on which I
act, that has induced me to ask the House not to
tolerate their course of proceeding. Now, allu-
sions of that sort have very little effect upon me;
for, so far as 1 am concerned, i take it for gianted
that my attention to the business of this House,
and to the business before the committees, will, to
say the least of it, compare veiy favorably with
that of the gentleman himself. I believe that such
wouid be the judgment of the House. But now
Ut us look back to what occurred here last session,
as well as this, and sf-e whether the Committeeon
Public Lands are tealiy entitled to'all the compli-
! ments which their chairman has paid them in his
remarks just ciosed. They have been engaged for
the space of nearly three months in considering
matters of this soit, and now, at the end of Feb-
ruary, they come m and present these bills, and
begin to urge them upon the consideration of the
House, and to demand their passage the moment
they are presented; and all this before there has
been an opportunity to punt them—before there
has been an opportunity to examine them, or to as-
ceitain the various provisions which they embody.
Now, why were not these bills brought m be-
fore? Why have not the repoits been piesented
as the reports of other committees here, which
have gone on the Calendar, thus affording an op-
portunity to members of this body to examine
into all their principles and all then* details ?
And, sir, the gentleman will recollect, if he will
go back to the action or the committee at the last
session, that this was precisely the course which
was adopted at that time. Towards the latter
part of the month of February they came in with
their reports. They presented them here morn-
ing after morning. They asked their considera-
tion, and an hour or more was wasted m the con-
sideration of each. I believe that the action in
regard to the reports made by the Committee on
the Public .Lands wound up at the close of the
first session of the last Congress with the passage
of the Arkansas railroad bill, and the passage of
the Missouri railroad bill, although they iiad
| blocked up all the other business fur the space of
! some five or six months of the Congress, cutting
' off every other committee from all opportunity
i even to present reports.
j Now, sir, it this thing be continued, where is
lit to end ? Here, on yesterday, we had the old
| anangement of the first session of the last Con-
| gress'started with the Wisconsin railroad. The
whole mornmg hour was spent,and no result was
i eached in regard to it. That lies over until Tues-
day next. This morning the gentleman comes in
with other propositions, providing for the confirm-
! ation of grants in lieu of sixteenth sections, giving
the new States two instead of one. Whether
fractional parts or whole sections, does not affect
the principio. Here is an hour or more gone this
morning. Even suppose youdecule this question
to-day; to-morrow morning the gentleman comes
in with another, and then goes another hour. By
the time lie is through with the stock on hand, my
friend from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] who is prolific,
will come in with an armful—as is usual with
him—and then we shall have it for at least a
month. [La' ghter.]
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman allow me to
reply ?
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly.
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman will examine the
Calendar he will find, that in proportion to the
number reported, more bills from the Committee
on the Public Lands were refeired to the Com-
mittee of the Whole than from any other com-
mittee of the House.
Mr. LETCHER.. I suppose that the gentle-
man 's committee and the gentleman's claims stand
exactly as the reports (torn the Committee of
Claims, of winch I am a member, stand here; and
that he has no other right to any greater advant-
age in behalf of the leports from Iim committee
than should be granted to every other committee
on this floor.
Mr, COBB. I spoke of bills on the Calendar,
and which have be^n referred,
Mr. LETCHER. Very well; they have so
many referred. Now what is the course to get at
the balance? Why they come here, and one mem-
ber of that committee after another takes the floor,
and no other member of a t omnnttee ever gets a
chance to report. That is the game.
I had the curiosity yesteiday to go up to the
committee room of Public Lands after a conver-
sation with my friend, the chairman, [Mr. Dtis-
ney,] to see how many of these railroad applica-
tions were pending before the committee, and to
my absolute amazement I found one hundred and
seven on the docket! [Laughter.] Both thesegen-
! tlemen come here, morning after morning, with
reports and bills; and when, from present indica-
tions, is tins thing to end? [Laughter.] It can-
not be this session; and we shall have the whole
time from now until the close wasted, every other
committee cut off from the floor, and every private
claim postponed umil the next session ofCongress,
and perhaps even longer.
Mr. HENN. I wish to ask the gentleman from
Vngini* whether I understand him to say that
there are one hundred and seven railroad proposi-
tions before that committee?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir, one hundred and
seven applications.
Mr. HENN. For different roads?
Mr. LETCHER. I do not know whether for
different roads or not; but there are that number
of applications for railroads.
Mr. HENN. I will explain to the gentleman.
A great many of these applications are for the
same road. I, myself, have presented twenty ap-
plications for one road, and they are all entered
on the docket.
Mr. LETCHER. How many different bills
have been referred in regard to the same road is
not mentioned. My friend fromAlabama [Mr.
Cobb] has acknowledged the corn as to five differ-
ent bills introduced by him. [Laughter.] How
many has the gentleman from Iowa ?
Mr. COBB. I acknowledge the corn to more
than five. I have more than that number.
Mr. LETCHER, f mentioned it to you yes-
terday; but you did not seem disposed to acknowl-
edge it then.
Mr. HENN. There are fourteen propositions
from my State; but the committee have not exam-
ined them yet.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Speaker,is notthatmorf-
est foi a young State ! [Laughter.] No more than
fourteen! Heie is a list, fumtshed, as I under-
stand, by the Clerk, in which there appear to be
forty-four bills for independent railroads awaiting
the action of the committee. There is no sort of
connection between them at all, unless it may be
that one line begins where the other ends. But
here there are bilfs for forty-four! independent roads
to come before the House.
[A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by the hands of Sidney
Webster, Esq., his Private Secretary, informing
the Speaker that he had signed bills of the follow-
ing uiles:
"An act (House biil No. 19?) supplemental to
an act entitled ''An act to ascertain and settle the
private land claims m the State of California," ap-
proved March 3, 1851.
An act (House bill No. 200) to confirm to
Heicu'es L. Dou&man his fkle to farm lot No. 32,
adjoining the town of Prairie du Chien, in the
State of Wisconsin.
An act (House bill No. 100; for the relief of
William Cuke.]
Mr. LETCHER, (resuming.) Mr. Speaker,
I see that Alabama has eightof these bills under
consideration, either reported to the House or now
before the committee for action; Indiana and Illi-
nois have each two bills; Arkansas has two;
Florida has one 
Mr. ORR, (interrupting.) Mr. SpenKer, is jt
m order to discuss railroads on this bill?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. LETCHER. I am merely referring to
them by way of illustrating my position.
The SPEAKER. The question is on referring
the bill reported by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Dr&vic?] r° f'ne Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mi. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. jVlr. Speak-
