478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
er, the State of Illinois has applied for no road,
and asked for none.
Mr. LETCHER. "Well, I do not think that
Illinois ought to ask for any, after getting two
millions and a half only two or three years ago.
The SPEAKER. This discussion is not in
order.
Mr. LETCHER. I merely refer to these mat-
ters for the purpose of showing that if the ar-
rangements now proposed to be carried out by the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands shall
be carried out here, that it would render it impos-
sible—utterly impossible—that any other com-
mittee can receive consideration during the balance
of this session, and all other committees might as
well be disbanded at once. I do not ask anything
for the committee of which I am a member that I
am not willing to have awarded to others. All I
seek is, that they be alt placed on the same foot-
ing. When our reports are presented here, let
them be appropriately referred. Let them be
printed, and let every member have an opportu-
nity to examine them, and inform himself about
the facts which they embody. And when this is
done, then let members be called upon to vote.
But the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. DisNEY^tells
us that this bill is a very simple one—that it con-
tains but few provisions, and these very simple
ones—and that the whole amount of land em-
braced by it, is probably not more than fifteen
hundred or two thousand acres. It will be recol-
lected that on yesterday the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands laid it down as a rule, that
all the States were to be equalized in respect to the
donations or grants of public lands for the purpose
of internal improvement, or for any other purpose.
Now you go on here and confirm the titles to the
sections of land already taken by these States, and
you award to the States, also, the sixteenth sec-
tions which they have not taken. How many of
these cases will occur no one knows. We only
know how many of them are before thai commit-
tee. That is as far as we can go for the present;
but when we open the door, we will find it a diffi-
cult matter to close it asrain We must go on, ac-
cording to the rule of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and equalize the States in
their donations and grants.
Mr. DISNEY (interrupting:) made an observa-
tion, which was, in a great measure, inaudible to
the reporter; but to the effect that there were only
a few cases to which thia act would have to be
applied.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well, sir; how many
of them? Can the gentleman tell us where these
lands lie? In what States?
Mr. DISNEY. If the gentleman had paid any
attention to the facts, he would have known. I
said they were situated in Alabama, Missouri, and
Iowa.
Mr. LETCHER. How many acres are re-
quired for each of these States ?
Mr. DISNEY. From three to four hundred
acres.
Mr. LETCHER. And then, in all probability,
Indiana will come in here, at the next session, and
claim that she may be equalized with each of these
other States, that have got three or four hundred
acres, by virtue of this act.
Mr. DISNEY. This is a general bill.
Mr. LETCHER. So I understand. It is a
general bill. You will confirm the title to the land
taken, and give them, also, all the unoccupied six-
teenth sections. It is general in that particular, at
least. But is it not geneuil further than that?
Does it not open the door to those who want to
get the benefit of the principle, and allow others
to come in here and base claims upon this as a
precedent?
Rut the gentleman says the case is simple, and
easily understood; that he has made an explana-
tion of the whole matter; and therefore the House
ought to be prepared to act upon it. The gentle-
man knows the opinion I entertain in regard to
him, and that I would impute no improper con-
duct to him. But I have seen bills presented to
this House, under circumstances similar to those
under which this has been introduced, which
have been passed by this House, but which, fiom
misunderstanding, or from a want of opportunity
to examine them, operated to produce a far differ-
ent result from that avowed by their friends and
patrons upon the floor at the time of their passage.
J want an opportunity to look into this thing,
and so do the members of this House, I imagine.
We do not come here to pin our faith to the sleeve
of the chairman, or of any member of any com-
mittee of this body. We come here to examine
these things, and to vote understanding^ upon
them; but if the rule now sought to be enforced is
adopted, everybody will be cut off except an iso-
lated individual upon a committee, who has ex-
amined the matter and given it his attention.
I hope this bill will be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and there
take its chance; and that other committees and
others members of this House, as well as the
Committee on Public Lands, will have an oppor-
tunity for the introduction of bills and reports be-
tween this and the close of the session.
I move the previous question.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Is the first question
upon the passage of the bill?
The SPEAKER. The question is first upon
the motion to refer the bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and that it be
printed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Reports are still in order
from the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
House upon the Private Calendar.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole House on the Pnvate
Calendar, (Mr. Middleswarth in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The first bill in order, for
the consideration of the committee, is House bill
No 51; which will be read by the Clerk.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it objection day?
The CHAIRMAN. It is the fourth Friday of
the month, and therefore objection day.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the committee
now commence to take up the cases upon the Cal-
endar at the point where objections ceased the
last time the committee were m the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar.
The CHAIRMAN. If no objection be made,
that course will be pursued. The first bill in order
is bill No. 246, for the relief of the children and
heirs of Major General Baron De Kalb.
The bill was then read by the Clerk; and the
report was in the process of being read 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As this re-
port is a very long one, I move that its further
reading be dispensed with.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to amend
that motion by dispensing with all further action
in refeience to the bill until some day when we
can have an opportunity to discuss it.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee object to its consideration ?
Mr. JONES. I do.
The CHAIRMAN. Then it must go over.
The next bill in order on the Calendar was Sen-
ate bill (No. 17) 4< to reimburse to the common
council of New York city expenditures made for
the first regiment of New York volunteers."
The bill was read through by the Clerk.
Mr. BISSELL. This bill ought to pass. I
hope there will be no objection.
Mr. JONES. I call for reading of the report.
Mr. BISSELL. 1 will state to the honorable
gentleman from Tennessee that the Committee
on Military Affairs concluded to adopt the report
of the Senate committee. I understand that that
report has temporarily been mislaid by the Clerk.
I will, therefore, make a statement to the House
of the facts of the case. It is a very simple one,
and the justice of the claim is very apparent. The
committee thought so.
Mr. HAMILTON. If debate arises, the bill
must go over.
Mr. BISSELL. I am not going to debate it,
but simply to make a statement of the facts of the
ease in the absence of the report.
The CHAIRMAN. The report has been found,
and will he read.
The Clerk then read the report, which is very
brief;and from which it appears that the bill merely
proposes to provide for a balance of $3,672 90 of
disbursements of money actually paid out by the
Common Council of New York city, for the equip-
ment of volunteers for the service of the United
States, the payment of which was suspended be-
cause the vouchers therefor were not in the proper
form.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think that the
principle contained in that bill is wrong; and, as
we cannot debate it to-day, I object to its consid-
eration.
Mr. BISSELL. I do not like this plan of ob-
jecting without necessity or reason.
Mr. JONES. I say that I am opposed to the
principle of the bill, and as it cannot be discussed
to-day, I object to its consideration.
The bill was accordingly laid over.
The bill next in order on the Calendar was Sen-
ate bill (No. 33) t£ for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Major Caleb Swan, deceased."
The Clerk read the bill and the accompanying
report.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is evident, I
think, that there is not a quorum present; and that
very few of those who are here are attending to
the consideration of these claims. I therefore
move that the committee do now rise.
Mr. HAMILTON. We are attending to them
very well, and I trust that the motion will not be
agreed to.
The question was put; and, on a division, there
were—ayes 7, noes 75; no quorum.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wright, of
Pennsylvania, and Ciiurchwell were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 14, noes 79; no quorum voting.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Call the roll.
The roll was then called, and the names of the
absentees noted; and Mr. Orr taking the chair,
the Chairman of the commiitee [Mr. Middlks-
waiith] reported that ihe Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar had found itself
without a quorum, and directed him to report the
fact to the House, with the names of the absentees.
The SPEAKER pro temjiore. A quorum having
answered to their names, the Chairman will resume
the chair.
The CHAIRMAN accordingly resumed the
choir, and announced that when the committee
found itself without a quorum, the pending ques-
tion was upon a motion that the committee rise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I withdraw the
motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question now
is upon the passage of Senate bill (No. 33) " for
the relief of the legal representatives of Major Caleb
Swan, deceased."
Objection was then made, and the bill was laid
over under the rule.
The next bill which came up in order for con-
sideration was Senate bill (No. 134) "for the re-
lief of Allen C. Johnson."
The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury be directed to cause to be paid to Allen
C. Johnson, of the State of Florida, the value of
certain subsistence stores, turned over to him as
captain in the Florida militia, at the time of his
muster out of service, on the 6th of January, 1840,
to J. B. Collins, a quai termaster in the service of
the United States, but not credited to him by the
said Collins in his returns to the Treasury De-
partment; the amount so paid not to exceed the
sum of $137 23.
The report was then read.
Mr. BISSELL. The Committee on Military
Affairs have investigated this case very minutely,
and think that the bill should be passed.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House.
The next bill which came up in order for the
consideration of the committee was Senate hill
(No. 135) " for the relief of Adam D. Steuart,
a paymaster of the United States Army."
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury cause to be paid to
Adam D. Steuart, a paymaster of the United
States Army, the sum of §150, the same being the
amount paid by him as a fee to Ashley Ringo, for
prosecuting a suit at law for the recovery of the
sum of $2,000, stolen on board of the steamboat
Tom Bolm, while the said specie was in his
charge, and bein°; transported, for account of the
I United vSfates, to Little Rock, in Arkansas, in
[June, 1834.
