2046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
site and building shall, in no event, exceed the sum hereby
appropriated."
So the gentleman is evidently mistaken.
Mr, DAVIS. It could not be made.
Mr. Davis's amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on concurrence in the
Senate's amendment.
Mr. THUESTQN. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washburn,
of Maine, and Pratt, were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment of the Senate was concurred in; the tellers
having reported—ayes 69, noes 53.
Ninety-sixth amendment:
For the rebuilding of the custom-house, Portland, Maine,
including accommodations for a post office and rooms for
the United States courts, {$'200,000.
Mr. HAVEN. The committee recommend a
concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. FULLER. I propose the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the clause just
read:
That $3,600 ofthe above sum, which was appropriated In
the civil and diplomatic bill of 1850, be hereby reappropriated
for the purpose of repair-*, alterations, and furniture, for
the custom-house at Castine, in the collection district of
Penobscot.
In explanation of that amendment, I have this
to say, that by the appropriation act of 1850, in
the civil and diplomatic bill, the sum named in my
amendment was appropriated for repairs at that
place.
Mr. WALSH. Is the amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is ofthe opin-
ion that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. FULLER. The amendment I offer is a
distinct and independent amendment. It makes
a reappropriation of the sum of money which was
appropriated in a former bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it
is not in order, as it introduces an original propo-
sition.
Mr. FULLER. I offer it as a distinct, inde-
pendent proposition, to carry out an existing pro-
vision of law.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to any
amendment which the Senate has sentback to the
House.
Mr. FULLER. I would ask whether the
amendment would be in order at any other por-
tion of the bill. It is clearly within the meaning
of the rule, that the appropriation must be made
in accordance with an existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. That may be true, and
the amendment may have been perfectly in order
to the original bill or in the Senate. But the com-
mittee are now engaged in the consideration ofthe
Senate amendments, and the Chair decides that
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Maine is not in order to the amendment of the
Semite.
Mi. LINDSLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment:
To incrp.ise the salary of the custom house officer at
Sandusky, so as to make it ($1,250, equal to that of the col-
lector at Detroit.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, it changes exist-
ing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
amendment is not m order. It is not germane to
any pending amendment, and it proposes to change
existing law.
Mr. L1NDSLEY. An amendment passed at
the last session of Congress precisely like this.
The CHAIRMAN. It may have originated
in the other wing of the Capitol. The rules
which govern that body are very different from
our own.
Mr. LINDSLEY. I respectfully give notice
that on to-morrow, or some subsequent day, I
shall introduce a bill for the purpose of accom-
plishing the same object.
Ninety-seventh amendment:
For the completion of the custom-house at San Fran-
cisco, California, including all expenses of filling in, piling,
sewpr^, drains, pavements, inclosure, gateways, the extin-
guishment of private chums tor the possession of the whole
or any part, thereof, and contingencies incident thereto,
Mr. IIAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Ninety-eighth amendment:
Page forty-seven, line one thousand one hundred and
twenty-nine, strike out the words " for any building
mentioned m this act," and insert in lieu thereof the words
" by this act for any custom-house or marine hospital."
The amendment, as amended, reads:
Provided, That none ofthe moneys appropriated by this
act for any custom-house or marine hospital shall be used
or applied for the purposes mentioned, &c.
Mr. HA.VEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninety-ninth amendment:
Line one thousand one hundred and thirty-four, after
the word " Stales," strike out the following :
"And until the State in which such building is to be
completed shall m due form, and in a manner that shall
bind such State, release and surrender to the United States
jurisdiction over the site of such building."
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundredth amendment:
Lino one thousand one hundred and forty-two, strike
out the words " any bui'ding," and insert in lieu thereof
the words " said buildings."
The sentence of the clause, as amended, reads:
That none of the said moneys appropriated for said
buildings by tins act, &c.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment.
The amendment was concurred .in.
One hundred and first amendment:
Paee forty*eight, line one thousand one hundred and
fifty-six, after the word "mentioned," strike out the
words " in this act."
The sentence, as amended, reads:
And the said Secretary of the Treasury shall enter into
no contract, cither conditional or final for the purposes
mentioned, which shall involve an expenditure in any one
ease beyond the sums appropriated and remaining unex-
pended tor such case.
Mr. PULLER. I now renew the amendment
which I offered before. The amendment which I
propose is, to increase the sum to §46,601 59, pro-
vided that $3,601 59, appropriated by the act ap-
proved 30th September, 1850, for repairs and al-
terations in the custom-house at Castine, in the
collection district of Penobscot, be incorporated.
Mr. HOUSTON. If I understand the gentle-
man, it appears that there is no call for this appro-
priation from the Department, the Department
having at this session of Congress asked for an
amount which covers that as well as it is covered
by this appropriation. We propose $30,000 to
be appropriated for the annual repairs of this cus-
tom-house; and it can be applied to this custom-
house at Castine as well as to any other; and no
doubt it is intended to be in part so applied.
Mr. FULLER. I am not aware of that fact.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I would say
to the gentleman from Maine that his proviso
could come in at the end of the eleven hundred
and eighty-third line. If placed anywhere else,
it will not make sense.
Mr. W ALSH. Let us take a vote upon it.
Mr. FULLER. I accept the suggestion of
the gentleman from Georgia.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman could not
offer his proviso at the end of the eleven hundred
am! seventy-eighth line.
Mr. STEPHENS. To put it in there would
be to qualify the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. HAVEN. The gentleman,to accomplish
his object, might say, " provided that so much of
the sum recommended be appropriated," &c., as
he desires.
Mr. PULLER. That is the amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As you cannot
amend the original text, I would like to know
where the proviso comes in ?
The CHAIRMAN. It comes in after the words
"|43,000."
Mr. JONES. But there is no place to put in a
proviso there.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let us vote upon it, and
vote it down.
Mr. PHELPS. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Maine that he can accomplish his
object by moving to strike out " §43,000," and
to insert in lieu thereof " §45,600"—that is, by
increasing the Senate amount by the amount
which he wishes to have appropriated to his par-
ticular purpose.
Mr. JONES. That is not in order, for there
is no place to put in the proviso.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is in
order.
Mr. JONES. Then you will have to make a
place for it; for it does not read with the text.
The CHAIRMAN. If the text does not read
well, the Chair is not responsible for it.
Mr. JONES. If you put it in there, you divide
the sum appropriated, and insert a proviso in
the middle of it.
Mr. HIBBARD. As I understand it, the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Maine relates to the
custom-house at Castine; and, if it is in order, I
desire to oppose that amendment. I refer gentle-
men of the committee to Executive document No.
3, page 272, where they will find the finance re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury. In that
report I find that this custom-house at Castine,
Maine, was purchased in the year 1852 for $800.
An additional site was afterwards purchased of
the inhabitants of Hancock county for §400, and
the sum of §750 has been expended in repairs.
Another part of the report shows that only seven
or eight employees have been engaged there. I
do not remember the amount of revenue which is
collected. It is not very much.
The custom-house, then, cost §1,200 in all, and
in addition to that, §750 have been expended for
repairs, making in all §1,950. And now the gen-
tleman asks for §3,000 to expend in repairing this
custom-house. When this fact is taken into con-
sideration, I should hardly suppose the gentleman
would ask for this sum to repair a custom-house
which originally cost but §1,200.
[The committee here informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message was
received from the President of the United States,
by Mr. Sidney Webster, his Private Secretary,
notifying the House that he did on this day ap-
prove and sign sundry House bills and joint reso-
lutions.
A message was also received from the Senate,
by Mr. Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, inform-
ing the House that tkey had passed bills of the
following titles:
An act for the relief of Sherman Price; and
An act to provide for taking charge of the
Louisville and Portland canal, and to prevent the
same from falling into bad repair.
In which heasked the concurrence ofthe House.}
The question now being upon Mr. Fuller's
amgMihent.it was taken, and decided in the ne|a-
tive^
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred upon concurring in
the amendment of the Senate, as amended; and
being taken, it was decided in the negative.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and third amendment:
Strike out in the proviso to the clause ofthe bill, making
an appropriation for the completion of the Richmond cus-
tom house the words " in due lorin, and in a manner that
shall bind said State, release and surrender to the United
-States jurisdiction over the sue of such building; and shall
also so as to make it read :
Provided, That none of the monpyi appropriated for this
building m and by this act, or by any former act, and now
remaining unexpended, shall be used or applied for the pur-
poses mentioned in this act by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, until a valid title to the land for the site of such build-
ing shall be vested in the United States, and until the State
of Virginia shall duly release diid relinquish to the United
States the right to tax or m any way assess said feite, orthe
property of the Uniied States that may be thereon, during
the tune that the said United States shall be, or remain the
owner thereof,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence in this amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and fourth amendment:
Strike out in the twelve hundred and eleventh line the
words <£ in this aet," so that the clause would read :
And the said Secretary ot the Treasury fchaH enter into
no contract, either conditional or final, for the purpose men-
tioned, winch shall involve an expenditure beyond the sums
appropriated and remaining unexpended.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence
in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and fifth amendment:
For buildings for the use of the courts of the United
States at Pontotoc, Mississippi, $4,000.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The commit-
