1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Wf
erick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Ste-
phens, Hestor L. Stevens, Stratton, Straub, David Stuart,
John J. Taylor, Thurston, Trout, Tweed, Vail, Vansant,
Wade, Walbndge, Walker, Walsh, Warren, Wells, West-
brook, Witte, Daniel C. Wright, Hendriek B. Wright, and
Zollicoffer—141. ^
So the House refused to order a call.
Mr. CHAMBi<?RLAIN, pending the call of
the roll, when his name was called, rose for the
purpose of ascertaining whether, by the unani-
mous consent of the House, he could not give a
reason for the vote he was about to give.
Several Members objected.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. Then I vote no.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion to lay the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Illinois upon the table.
Mr. PH1L.LIPS. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would in-
quire whether the motion submitted by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dickinson] to
suspend the rules is not in order?
The SPEAKER, it is in order, if he submits
the motion.
Mr. DICKINSON. I have not withdrawn my
motion to suspend the rules for the purpose of in-
troducing the resolution which I have indicated.
I ask that it may be read.
The resolution was read, as inserted above.
Mr. DICKINSON. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell
and Churchwell were appointed.
The Hotise was then divided; and the tellers
reported ayes fifty-two; more  han one fifth of a
quorum.
The question was then taken on Mr. Dickin-
son's motion to suspend the rules; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 75, nays 121; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Belcher, Bennett, Benson, Ben-
ton, Campbell, Carpenter, Chandler, Crocker, Cullom,
Thomas Davis, Dean, De Witt,Diek, Dickinson, Eastman,
Edgerton, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Everhart, Farley,
Fenton, Flagler, Gamble, Giddings, Goodrich, Grow, An-
drew J. Harlan, Harrison, Hastings, Haven, Howe,
Hughes, Hunt, Daniel T. Jones, Knox, liindsley, McCul-
loch, Matteson, Maurice, Meacham, Middleswarth, Mor-
gan, Murray, Norton, Atidew Oliver, Parker, Peek, Pen-
nington, Bishop Perkins, Pnngle, David Ritchie, Russell,
Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Simmons, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, Strat-
ton, Andiew Smart, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Thurston, Tracy, Trout, Upham, Wade, Walley, Elhhn B.
Washbume, Israel Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth,
Tappan Wentworth, and Yates—7o.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Ashe, Thomas H. Bayly, Barksdale, Barry, Bell, Bocock,
Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Brooks, Caruthers, Caskie,
Chamberlain, Chn*rnan, Churchwell, Clark, Clingrnan,
Cobb, Colquitt, ®ox, Cr-iige, John Q. Davis, Dawson, Dow-
dell, Dunbar, Dunham, Eddy, Kdmundson, Ellison,English,
Etheridge, Faulkner, Florence, Fuller, Goode, Green,
Greenwood, Giey, Hamilton, S. W. Harris, Hendricks,
Henn, Hibbard, HiHypr, Houston, IngerSoIl, Johnson, G.
W, Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Kid-
well, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane, Latliam, Letcher, Limiley,Mac-
donald, McDongall, McNair, Macy, Maxwell, May, Mayall,
JohnG. Miller, Smith Miller, Morrison, Olds, Mordecai
Oliver, Oir, Packer, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Pow-
ell, Prau, Preston, Puryear, Ready, Reese, Richardson,
Riddle", Robbins, Rogers, Rowe, Rufiin, Seward, Seymour,
Shannon, Shaw, Siiower, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith,
Wiljiam Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander 11.
• Stephens, Hestor L. Stevens, Straub, David Stuart, John
J. Taylor* Tweed, Vail, Vansant, Walbndge, Walker,
Walsh, Warren, Westbrook, Witte, Daniel. B. Wright,
Hendriek B. Wright, and Zollicoffer—151.
So the House refused to suspend the rules for
the purpose.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House for the purpose of intro-
ducing the following resolution. If there be Ob-
jection, I move that the rules of the House be
suspended for the purpose indicated:
Resolved, That debate on bill No. Q36, to organize the
Territories of Nebraska and Kansas, shall terminate at four
o'clock, p. m., Friday, 19th instant, and that the consider-
ation of the special order on bill No. 295, for the Pacific
railroad, be postponed until the 24th instant.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I move that the
rules be suspended for the purpose I have indica-
ted.
Mr. ORR. I demand the yeas and nays on
that motion.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I would ask the
unanimous consent of the House for the purpose
of making a single suggestion.
[Cries of " Hear him !"]
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent
of the House that the gentleman be heard ?
Mr. SAGE. I object.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I desire to propound
an inquiry to the gentleman from Illinois, and no
more.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York rises in his place and objects. The gentle-
man, therefore, cannot proceed.
Mr. EDGERTON. I would like to make a
suggestion to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson.]
• [Cries of " Hear him!" " Hear them both! "J
The SPEAKER. * Is it the unanimous consent
of the House that the gentleman be heard ?
[Cries of " Hear him!" " I object."]
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen objecting must
rise in their places and do so.
Mr. WALSH. I rise in my place, and object.
Mr. SAGE. I do not want to be invidious. I
have objected to the gentleman from Indiana, and
must oliject now to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I move to amend the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to do so.
The resolution is not now before the House. If
the rules be suspended for its introduction, it will
then be amendable.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I propose, when it
is in order, to move to amend the resolution by
inserting Saturday, at twelve o'clock, m., instead
of Friday, at four o'clock.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Edgerton] asks the privilege of
being heard for a moment or two, and it is ob-
jected to. Is it in order to move to suspend the
rules to enable him to be.heard?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order. There
is a motion to suspend the rules already pending.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I want to accommodate
these gentleman if I can 
[Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. SAGE. Is debate in order?
Mr. ORR. The gentleman has aright to mod-
ify his resolution.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I modify my resolu-
tion so as to make it close debate at twelve o'clock,
m., on Saturday next.
Mr. ORR. Now we shall see whether these
gentlemen who want time for debate are in earnest.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and ther? were—
yeas 137, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Ashe. David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bailey,
Banks, Barksdale, Barry, Bell, Bocock, Boyce, Breckin-
ridge, Bridges, Brooks, Caruthers, Caskie, Chamberlain,
Chrisman, Churchwell, Clark, Chngraan, Cobb, Colquitt,
Cox Craige, Gumming, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean,
Disney. Dovvdeli, Dunbar, Dunham, Eddy, Edgerton, Ed-
mundson, Ellison, English, Faulkner, Florence, Fuller,
Gamble, Gooile, Green, Greenwood, Gray, Hamilton, An-
drew J. Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris,
Henn, Hibbard, Hillyer, Houston, Hughes, Ingersoll, John-
son, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Roland Jones,
Keitt, Kerr, Kidwell, ICittredge, Kurtz, Lamb, l.ane, La-
tham, Letcher, Lmdley,Lindsley, Macdonaid, McDongall,
McNair, Mace, Macy, Maxwell, May, Mayall, John G.
•Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Morrison, Noble, Olds, Mor-
decai Oliver, Orr, Packer, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips,
Powell, Pratt, Preston, Puryear, Ready, lteesc, Richard-
son, lliddle, Thomas llllchey, Robbins, Rogers, Rowe,
Ruffin, Seward, Seymour, Shannon, Hliaw, Shower, Sin-
gleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R.
Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Alexander II. Stephens, Hestor L. Stevens,
Straub, David Stuart, John J. Taylor, Nathaniel G.Taylor,
Trout, Tweed, Vaii, Vansant,Walbndge, Walker, Walsh,
Warren, John Wentworth, Westbrook, Witce, Daniel B.
Wrieht, Hendriqk B. Wright, and Zollicoffer—137.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Belcher, Benson, Benton, Camp
bell, Carpenter, Chandler, Crocker, Cullom, Thomas Davis,
De Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Eastman. Edmands, Thomas
D. Eliot, Everhart, Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Giddings,
Goodrich, Grow, Harrison, Hastings, Haven, Howe, Hunt,
DanielT. Jones, Knox, Lyon, McCulloch, Matteson, Mau-
rice, Meacham, Middleswarth, Morgan, Murray, Norton,
Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peek, Peckllain, Pennington,
Bishop Perkins, Pnngle, David Ritchie, Russell, Sabin,
Sage, Sapp, Simmons, Gerrit Smith, Stratton, Andrew
Stuart, John L. Taylor, Thurston, Tracy, Upham, Wade,
Walley, Ellihu B. Washbume, Israel Washburn, Wells,
Tappan Wentworth, and Yates—66.
So, two thirds voting in favor thereof, the rules
were suspended. •
Mr. SNODGRASS stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Corwin.
Mr. NICHOLS. I desire to say, that I shoiyd
have voted for the modified proposition of the j
gentleman from Illinois, but for the fact that I :
some time since paired off with Mr. McMulun,
of Virginia, on the Nebrasfca question, and he is
ret absent. I apprehend he would have voted as
Should vote on the pending proposition, trot 1
do not feeiauthorized to vote in his absemie, :
Mr. RICHARDSON. I now submit the res-
olution, as modified, and upon it I demand the
previous question.
Mr. HUNT. If the gentleman will allow me,
I will propose an amendment as to time, which
will make the resolution more satisfactory to the
opponents of the bill, . . '
[Cries of'Hearhim!" "No, no!" and" Ob-
ject!"]
Mr. SAGE. I move to lay the resolution upon
the table; and on that motion I demand the
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Sage] moves to lay the resolution upon
the table, and upon that motion demands the ye,as
and nays. The gentlerrfan from Louisiana [Mr.
Hunt] asks the unanimous consent of the House
to make a suggestion in reference to this matter.
[Cries of "Hear him!" "Hear him!" from
all parts of the House.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. I yield the floor to the
gentleman.
Mr. CRAIGE. I object.
Mr. HUNT. The gentleman compels- roe re-
luctantly to take ground that I would not take- 
[Loud cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. CRAIGE. I look upon the gentleman from
Louisiana as a factionist. He is acting with
them.
Mr. MEACHAM. I demand tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell
and Vail were appointed.
The House was then divided on the demand
for the yeas and nays; and the tellers reported fifty
in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll; but
before the result was announced,
Mr. HUNTrose and said: I am sorry to trouble
the House; but I ask that I may be allowed to say
one word, or ask a question by way of explana-
tion, in a matter that concerns my feelings.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous pleasure
of the House that the gentleman from Louisiana
[Mr. Hunt] should be heard?
Mr. CRAIGE. I take the same ground that I
did before.
Mr. HUNT. If the gentleman from North
Carolina stigmatizes me as a factionist, it is a
falsehood, beforeGod and my country.
[Vociferous cries of " Order!"]
Mr. HUNT. I repeat that it is a falsehood.
[Great confusion in the Hall, members rising to
their feet and shouting " Order !"]
Mr. CRAIGE. If the gentleman desires to
bully the House, he shall not do it. He shall
not bully me. 1 did say he was a factionist, and
[ now repeat it.
[Renewed cries of " Order!"]
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I demand that the
Sergeant-at-Arms take these men into custody. I
demand that they be arrested.
The Speaker directed the Sergeant-at-Arms to
preserve order in the Hall; whereupon the Ser-
geant-at-Arins proceeded with his mace to the
scene of confusion, and order was immediately
restored.
The vote upon Mr. Sage's motion was then
announced, as follows—yeas 65, nays 134; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Benson, Benton, Campbell, Car-
penter, Chandler, Crockcr, Cullom, Davis,,l>e VV lit, Pick,
Dickinson, Eastman, Edmands, Thomas 0. Eliot, Ether-
idge, Everhart, Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Goodrich, Grow,
Harnson, Hastings, Haven. How, Hunt, Darnel T. Jones,
Knox, Lyon, McCulloch, Matteson, Maurice, Meacham,
Middleswarth, Morgan, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Parker Peck, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Pnngle, David
Ritchie, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Simmons, Gerrit
Smith, Stratton, Andrew Stuart, John L. Taylor, Thurs-
ton, Tracy, Upham, Wade, Wallev, Ellihu B. Washbume,
Israel Washburn, Wells,TappanJWentwortb, and Yates-?
^NAYS—-Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Alien,
Willis Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly,
Barksdale, Bell, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges,
Brooks, Caruthers, Caskie, Chamberlain, Chrismati,
Churchwell, Olarlt, Clingman, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Craige,
Cumming, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Disney, ®p.w-
dell, Dunbar, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmundson, Ellison, Eng-
lish. Faulkner, Florence, Fuller, Gamble, Giddings,Goode,
Green, Greenwood, Grey, Hamilton, Sampson W. Harris,
