480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24.
service and exposure in the winter of 1814 and
1815. The muster roll has a note, showing that
Captain Porter had his horse killed at Fort Meigs,
his saddle, holsters, and pistols torn to pieces, and
thai he immediately supplied himself with another
horse. And there is abundant testimony going to
show that Captain Poiter served his country gal-
lantly and faithfully in every position in which
he was placed; that in so doing he has received
wounds which make him an invalid for life-, that
he is poor and needy; that the country owes him
a debt of gratitude, and ought to pay it liberally
and promptly.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask that that bill may
again be read.
The hill was again read through by the Clerk.
TheCHAlRMAN. The following amendment
to the bill is pending:
Add thereto the words—
" And tlie amount found due under the provisions of tins
act shall be paid tu the children <>f said Captain Thomas
Poiter."
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. As I stated to the
House the other day, since the Committee on In-
valid Pensions reported this bill for the benefit of
Captain Thomas Potter, he has died. Fie has,
however, left four children, and I offered this
amendment to give the pension that was due him
to those children.
It will be recollected that I stated the other day
that the disability occurred in consequence of his
wounds being aggravated by exposure while he
was a captain; that he submitted proofs to this
House of that fact; and that the member of Con-
press from his district had a special act passed
giving him eight dollars per month. It appears
that the passage of that special act prevented his
name being placed upon the pension roll, as it
should have been,at twenty dollars per month.
A Member. Does he leave a widow?
Mr. LANE. He does not; but theie are four
children.
Mr. WALSH. 1 would like to ask the gen-
tleman what are the ages of the children ?
Mr. LANE. Two of the children are young1,
unman ied women, who are now living- with and
are supported and sustained by a connection of i
the late Captain Porter by marriage. They are
entirely destitute.
Mr. HAMILTON. I would inquire of the
gentleman when the application was first made to
Congress?
Mr. LANE. In 1831,1 think.
Mr. HAMILTON. When was the pending
application made?
Mr. LANE. This session. I will state,how-
ever, for the information of the gentleman, that
some eight or twelve years ago an application was
made to the Department for a pension, and the
Department, believing that Congress had had the
subject under consideration, declined to place Cap-
tain Potter's name on the pension roll.
Mr. LETCH ER. I believe that if debate arises
the bill must £0 over?
The CHAIRMAN. That is the rule.
Mr. LETCHER. Then let it go over.
Mr. DENT. I hope no one will debate it, but
that the amendment will be adopted. 1 investi-
gated the papers in this case, and know that it is
a very plain and meritorious one. If the commit-
tee does not understand the case, I would like to
state the circumstances, and why the amendment
is necessary. It is a very peculiar case.
Mr. LETCHER. Let theamendment be read,
that we may know what it is first.
The Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. DENT. Now, sir, by your leave, I will
make a statement. The papers in this cas>e were
placed in my hands for investigation. After the
report was made out—indeed, on the very morning
when it was to be submitted—news came that
Captain Poi ter was dead. The amendment was
offered for the purpose of giving the benefits of the
pension which he was entitled to to his family. It
appeals that he has received only eight dollars a
month since 1831  when in fact he was entitled to
a captain's pension.
Mr. LETCHER. And do you propose to
give him the diiTeience between eight dollais a
month and a captain's pension back to 1831?
Mr. DENT. We do.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, then, I object to the
bill.
The bill was accordingly laid over.
The bill next in order on the Calendar was
House bill (No. 272) " for the relief of Daniel
Bedwger's heirs."
The Clerk read the report which accompanied
the bill.
Mr. HAMILTON objected to the bill, and it
was passed over.
The bill next in order on the Calendar was
House bill (No. 273) " for the relief of the legal
representatives of Colonel John H. Stone."
The bill was read through. It provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be authorized and di-
rected to pay out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated to the legal represent-
atives of Colonel John H. Stone the half pay of
colonel in the continental line of the Army of the
United States, said pay to commence August 1,
1779, and to terminate October 5, 1804, the day
of his death, the same being then due and unj aid
m virtue of the resolution of Congress of August
17, 1776.
The report was then read, but—
Mr. MILLSON objecting, the bill was laid
ij over under the rules.
jj The next bill which came up in order for con-
; sideration was House bill (No. 274) "forthe relief
of the legal representatives of Colonel Willis Rid-
• | dick, deceased."
'! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As the gentleman
who made the report in this case is not present, 1
think that the case had better lie over.
So objection being made, the bill was laid over
under the rules.
The case next in order upon the Calendar was
a report, (No. 106,) being "a resolution to refer
the petition of Isaac S. Bowman, son and execu-
tor of Isaac Bowman, deceased, to the Secretary
of the Interior for liquidation under the act of i
July 5, 1832."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As this is a case
of the same character with the last, and as the
gentleman who reported it is not present, and it
ought not to be passed without discussion, 1 ob-
ject. to its consideration now.
So objection being made, the case was laid over
under the i ules.
The bill next in order upon the Calendar was
House bill (No. 275) " for the relief of James M.
Lewis." |
The bill provides that the name of the petitioner
be placed upon the pension rolls of the United
States, at the rate of eight dollars per month, from
the first of January, 1850, to continue during his
natural life.
The report in this case shows that the petitioner
served his country about four years; that he was
in military service,under the command of General
Jackson, for two years, and took part in the bat-
tles on the southern frontier, where he received
wounds, and that subsequently, in carrying an
express fiom the army to Nashville, he was
thi own from his horse, and so severely injured as
to amount to total disability.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
The next bill in order on the Calendar was
House bill (No. 276) " for the lehef of William
Mayo, of the State of Maine."
The bill (which was read) authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Interior to increase the pen-
sion now received by William Mayo, of the State
of Maine, three dollars per month from Januai y 1,
1854, making theieby the said William Mayo's
pension eight dollars per month duiing his natural
life
The report (which was read) shows, that Wil- ,
Iiam Mayo, of Belfast, Maine, was m the United I
States^ service as an oidinary seaman, and that j
while in the service he became disabled, and was '
left at the port of Rio Janeiro, at the hospital; that
owing to want of proper medical treatment, he lost!
his eye-sight ere ne was returned to his home; that;
he has applied for, and received a pension irom •
the Government, of five dollars per month, 25ih i
February, 1846. ;
The proof of service and of his disability is '!
complete, lie being entirely blind, and without a ]
connection to rely upon for aid or protection. j
There wis nn objection, and the bill was laid !
aside to be reported'to the Houre. I
The next hill in order on the Calendar was i
House bill (No. 277) "for the relief of James j
Walsh." i
The bill (which was read) authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
James Walsh, of the District of Columbia, upon
the roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to commence on the 1st day of
January, 1854, and to continue during his natural
life.
The report (which was read) shows that James
Walsh was in the service of the United States, as
a private soldier, from the 6th of December, 1836,
until May 4, 1849, with the exception of a few
months; that at each expiration of his time he was
honorably discharged, except that, on one occasion,
he is reported as under ordinary disability, which
continued only one month and nine days.
He also proves that at the battle of Molino del
Rey, in Mexico, September 8, 1847, he was
wounded in the left foot by a shot, which now
renders him, as appears by the certificate of Sur-
geon Wotherspoon, of the United States Army,
entirely incapacitated from earning his livelihood
by manual labor, and that he is now an inmate
of the military asylum, in the District of Colum-
bia.
There was no objection, and the bill was laid
aside, to be reported to the House.
The bill next in order on the Calendar was
House bill (No, 278) " for the relief of Jesse R.
Faulkner, of Missouri."
The bill (which was read) directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Jesse R.
Faulkner, of Missouri, on the pension roll of the
United States, at the rate of eight dollars per
month during his natural life, commencing Jan-
uary 1, 1854.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House.
The bill next in order on the Calendar was
House bill (No. 279) " for the relief of Albro
Tripp."
The bill was read.
It directs the Secietary of the Interior to place
the name of Albro Tripp upon the invalid pension
roll, at the rate of ten dollars per month, in lieu of
the four dollars per month which he is entitled to
under the law passed May 4, 1852, to commence
the 1st of December, 1851, and continue during his
natural life, the sum he has received under said act
of May 4, 1852, to be deducted therefrom.
The second section repeals an act passed May
4, 1852, " for the relief of Albro Tripp."
The report accompanying the bill was then
read.
Mr. HAMILTON. I would ask thegentleman
who reported this bill why the person for whose
benefit this bill is designed is to have a pension of
ten dollars a month instead of eight dollars, or
whatever the usual sum is? I think there should
be uniformity in the granting: of these pensions.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not see the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Chrism\n] who re-
ported this bill in his place, but there seems to
have been a half disability established by the evi-
dence; the petitioner seems to have been a captain.
A disabled captain's full pension is twenty dollars
a month, half of which would be ten dollars; and
it is on that that the bill is based. Tne report
shows that he was a captain, but that Congress
did not understand that fact when the former bill
for his relief was passed.
There being no objection to the bill, it was laid
aside, to be reported to the House.
Bills of the following titles next came up in or-
der, and were objected to, as indicated below:
No. 281. A hill for the relief of Brigadier Gen-
eral John E. Wool. [By Mr. Lane, of Indiana.]
No. 232. A bill for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Colonel Francis Vigo. [By Mr.
Hamilton.]
S. No. 54. An act for the relief of Piiscilla C.
Simonds. [By Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee.]
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the committee do now rise and report the bills
which have been ordered to be laid aside to he
reported to the House with the recommendation
that they do pass.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr. Mjd-
di.eswartii] reported that the Committee of the
Whole House had had the Private Calendar under
consideration; and had directed him to report sun-
