1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1191
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] that
it is out of order to introduce any new matter of
legislation, the House being engaged in acting
upon a matter under a suspension of' the rules.
Mr. WASHBURN. Then I move to lay upon
tne table the resolution offered by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.]
[Cries of " Order!" " Order ! ]
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that motion
out of order.
Mr. SAGE. . I move acall of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules the motion
out of order. •
[Cries of 44 Question 1" " Gluestion!" and
" Order!" " Order !"]
The SPEAKER. There is an express rule of
the House which forbids a call of the House when
a motion has been submitted upon which the
House l^s seconded the demand for the previous
question. The Chair will turn to the rule, if any
gentleman desires.
[Cries of " Oh, no !" all over the Hall.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair can turn to the
rule if- 
[Cries of u Question !" and " Call the roll!"
and great confusion.]
Mr. HAVEN. I want to make one inquiry of
the Chair.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes the House
will permit the gentleman to make an inquiry.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Oh, no !
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 then move a division of the
question. The resolution involves a postpone-
ment of  
[Cries of " Order!" " Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will allow
the Chair to say that the question is upon order-
ing the main question to be now put. As many
as are in favor of thaUproposition will 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Yeas and nays
upon that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
[Cries of " Call the roll!" " Call the roll !"]
The question being upon ordering the main
question to be put, it was put; and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 127, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Barks
dale, Barry, Bell, Bocock, Boyce, Breckimidge, Bridges,
Brooks, Caruthcis, Caskie, Chrisman, Churchwoll, Claik,
Chngtnan, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Craig*', John (r. Davis,
Dawson, Dean, Disney, JDowdell, Dunbar, Dunham, Eddy.
Edinundson, Ellison, English, Faulkner, Florence, Fuller^
Gamble, Goodu, Gioen, Greenwood, Grey, Hamilton,
Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Hendricks, Henn,
Hibbaid, Hillyer, Houston, Ingcr&oll, Johnson, Georgf' W.
Jones, J. Glaneey Jones, Roland Jones, Kent, Kerr, Kid-
well, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane, Latham, Letcher, Lmdley,
Lirtdsley, Macdoriald,McDougall,McNair, Maxwell, May,
Mavall, John G. Miller. Smith Miller, Millson,Morrison,
Nnble, Old®, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Paeki'i, John Perkins,
Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Preston, i'urveat, Ready,
Richardson, lliddle, Thomas Hitchey, Robbms, Rogers,
Rowe, Rutin). Seward, Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, Shower,
Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William it.
Smith, George VV. Smvth, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
II. Stanton, Alexandei II. Stephens, Mestor L, Stevens,
Sliaub, David Stuart, John J. Taylor, Nathannd G. Tay-
lor, Trout, Tweed, Van&ant, Walbridge, Walker, Wal>!i,
Warren, John Wentworth, We«tbrook, Wute, Daniel B.
Wright, Hcndrtck B. Wncht, and Zollieofier—137.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Bennett, Benson, Benton, Camp-
bell, Carpenter, Chandler, Ciookei, Cullom, Thomas Da-
vis, Do Witt, Dick, Dickinson, fidtnands, Thomas 1). Kliot,
Elht'iidae, Everbart, Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Giddings,
Grow, Harrison, Hastings, Haven, Howe, limit, Daniel T.
Jones, Knox, McCulloch, Matteson, Maurice, Meacham,
Middies,warth, Morgan, Mmray, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Parker, Peck, Peekham, Pennington, Bishop Perkins,
Piingle.-David Ritchie. Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Simmons, Ger-
nt Smith, Stiatton, Andrew Stuai f, John L. Taylor,Thurs-
ton, Tracy, Upham, Wade, Walley, Ellihu B. Wa hburnc,
Israel Washburn, Tappan Wentworth, and Yates—62.
So the mam question was ordered to be now
put.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I now move
to lay .the resolution of the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Richardson] upon the table, and upon
that motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides the mo-
tion out of order.
Mr. WASHBURN. Then I take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair; and upon that I
demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. SAGE. I call for tellers upon the demand
for the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hendricks
and Dickinson appointed.
The House was then divided upon the demand
for the yeas and nays, and the tellers reported
forty in the affimative, (a sufficient number.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORGAN, i ask to be excused from
voting on the pending motion.
Mr. SAGE. 1 demand the yeas and nays upon
that motion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The motion of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Morgan] is not in
order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to lay the appeal
upon the table.
Mr. SAGE. Upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
[Cries of uOh> fvo, wo, Florence!" 44 With-
draw!" " Withdraw!"]
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw the motion.
The SPEAKER. The history of this matter
had better be briefly looked to by gentlemen who
desire to cast their votes properly upon the appeal,
and the Chair calls the attention of the House to
the history of the matter. A motion to lay upon
the table is a highly privileged motion. That
motion has been made, and the House deliberately
refused to lay the resolution upon the table. Since
that time, the only action which has been taken
upon the resolution is to order the mam question
to he now put. The gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Washburn] again moves that the resolution do
lie upon the table. The Chair decides the motion
not id order, and from that decision of the Chair
an appeal is taken by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Washburn.] The gentleman from New
Yoik [Mr. Morgan] gets up and asks, under the
lule, to be excused from voting upon the appeal
thus taken from the decision of the Chair. The
Chair knows of no rule by which he could—for
in that case he certainly would—rule the motion
out of order. The Chair thinks that the motion
that thegentleman fromNew York [Mr. Morgan]
be excused from voting upon the decision of the
Chair is m order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 call the attention of
the Chair to the rule which governs the action of
the House after the previous question has been
seconded.
The SPEAKER? The Chair will read it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes the House
will hear .the rule—
" Whpn a question is under debate, 110 motion shall be
received but to adjourn, to lie upon the table.
The motion to lay upon the table, if made si-
multaneously, 'pkes precedegce. But the motion
to lay the resolution upon the table has been
made. The House have voted upon it, and delib-
erately refused to lay it upon the table. The rule
then goes or; to say,
" Which several motions shall have preccdencc in the
order in winch they are arranged ; and no motion to post-
pone to aday certain, to commit, oi to postpone indefinitely,
being decided, shall be again allowed on the same day, and
at the same stage of the bill or pioposiuon."
The 50th rule says:
" The previous question shall be put, m tins form : ' Shall
the main question bo now put?5 It s-hall only be admitted
when demanded by a majority of the members present."
That has been done.
" And its effects shall be to put an end to all debate, and
biing the llou^e to a direct vote upon a motion to commit,
ifbuch motion shall have byen made ; and if this motion
does notprevail, thun upon amendment^ reported by a com-
mittee, if any, then upon pending amendments, and then
upon the mam question. On a motion lor the previous
question, ami prior to the seconding of the same, a call of
the House shall be in order; but after a majority shall have
seconded such motion, no call shall be in order puor to the
decision ot the inam que.-tion."
In regard to the right of a member to move to
be excused from voting every gentleman is famil-
iar with the rule.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair, upon the ground that the House
having ordered the main question to be now put,
a collateral question of this sort cannot be made
more than any other.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I suppose it is not in order
to make an inquiry; but 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to all debate.
Mr, CAMPBELL, lam not going to debate;
I am going to make a motion. I move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides the mo-
tion'to be out of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Upon what ground does
the Chair decide the motion to be out of tjrder?
The SPEAKER. Upon the ground that the
House have ordered the main question to be now
put upon the resolution of the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. WALLEY. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the appeal taken by the gentleman
from North Carolina cannot be entertained, for the
reason that one appeal is already pending.
The SPEAKER. The Chair himself was con-
sidering that question, and he has some difficulty
in reference to it. If he refuse to entertain the
appeal, gentlemen would have the right to divide
the House all night upon motions to excuse mem-
bers from voting.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Does the Chair decide that
the appeal can be taken while another appeal is
pending?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
that one appeal conflicts with the other.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Q-eorgia. 1 wish to make
a suggestion, if the Chair wiltallow 
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 object. The gentleman
will not allow others to be heard.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. STEPHENS. 1 rise to make a suggestion
on a question of order. The point is this: A gen-
tleman over the way asks to be excused from
voting after the House has ordered the main ques-
tion to be u now put." Thegentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Clingman] raises the question of
order that that motion to excuse cannot be enter-
tained in the present stage of proceedings, for the
reason that the main question has been ordered to
be " now put." The Speaker overrules the point
of order, and the gentleman from North Carolina
appeals from the decision of the Chair. I submit
that the appeal of the gentleman from North Car-
olina must take precedence over the motion to
excuse.
The SPEAKER. " Every member who shall
be in the House when the question is put, shall
give his vote, unless the House, for special reason,
shall excuse him. All motions to excuse a mem-
ber from voting shall be made before the House
divides, or before the call of the yeas and nays is
commenced; and the question shall then be taken
without further debate." The Chair does not see
the force of the reasoning of the gentlemen from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] and from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Stephens,] that the previous question
can have no effect whatever on this rignt of a
member to ask to be excused from voting.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have taken an appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the appeal be laid upon the table; and on that
motion I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. ORR. I move to suspend the rule of the
House which allows the gentleman, so far as this
resolution is concerned, to ask to be excused from
voting.
Mr. CLINGMAN. You cannot do so.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that,
unless precluded by other motions, the motion
made by thegentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Orr] is in order. He will illustrate his view by
calling the attention of the House to the every-
day practice having a* bearing on the matter.
Very often Monday the rules are suspended for
the purpose of introducing a bill. The bill is in-
troduced. It is discovered after it is before the
body that it contains an appropriation. There is
nothing more common than the submitting of the
motion to suspend the rule which requires a bill
containing an appropriation to go for its first con-
sideration to the Committee of the Whole.
Nov/, the Chair denies that it is competent to
suspend the rule having a bearing on this partic-
ular case, as indicated by thegentlemanfrom South
Carolina, [Mr. Orr.] The object, in either case,
is to progress with the business before the body.
If the gentleman from South Carolina had moved
to suspend the rules generally which allowed gen-
tlemen to ask leave to be excused from voting,
the Chair would have decided it out of order. He
moves the suspension generally in reference to
this special resolution, and the Chair thinks that
the motion is in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to refer the Chair
to several eases where, in 1849, this was de-%
cido-J 
