1192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
Mr. ORR. Mr. Speaker, I call the gentleman
to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would like to hear
the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. ORR. I cannot withdraw my objection.
The gentleman will not allow others to make an
argument.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not intend to makean
argument.
Mr. ORR. You propose to do nearly the same
thing. I object, and persist in the objection.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well, then. I send
the cases to which I would have referred if I had
not been objected to up to the Speaker, so that he
umyread them.
Mr. HAVEN. I will not go outside of the
legitimate rule. I would say, in reference to the
point of the gentleman from North Carolina, that
inasmuch as the previous question has been re- ;
corded, and the main question ordered to be put, ;
a motion that there be a call of the House, or any ;
other motion whatever, cannot be entertained.
Mr. ORR. I withdraw my motion to suspend
the rules.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair would like
to call the attention of the House to various pre-
cedents. It has been the universal practice to
admit excuses.
Mr. CLINGMAN. There is no doubt of that.
The point was not made at all. I now make it,
under the present circumstances; and i takean
appeal from the decision of the Chair, and a mo-
tion is made to lay the appeal on the table.
The SPEAKER. The books aie full of pre-
cedents that members have been excused from
voting after the previous question was sustained.
There is no question about it at all.
Mr. DEAN. 1 call for the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay the appeal on the table.
Mr. SAGE. I ask for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hamilton
and Meacham were appointed.
The House was then divided on the demand
for the yeas and nays; and the tellers reported
forty-three tn the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ASHE. I have paired oiF with Mr. Skel-
ton-
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 75, nays 111; as follows:
YEAS—Me<-s s Ball, Hank*, Belcher, Bennett, Benson,
Campbell, Carpenter, Chandler, Crocker, Cullom, Thomas
Davis, De Witt, Dick. Dickinson, Eastman, Edgerton, Ed-
mands, Thomas D. Eliot, EUimju, Etheridge, Everhart,
Farley, Ponton, Flagh r, Gamble, Gidding*, Goodrich,
Grow, Harrison, Hastings Haven, Howe, Hughes, Hunt,
Daniel T. Jones, Knox, McCullough, Macy, Matieson,
Maunce, Meacham, Middleswai th, Morgan, Moin^on,
Murray, Noble, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peek,
Pennington, Prmple, Purvear, David Ritchie. Russell, Sa
bin, Sage, yapp, Seymour, Simmons (Joint Smith, Strat-
um, Andrew Stuart, J. L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Thurston, Tracy, IJpbam, Wade, Walley, Elhhu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Wa^bbutn, John Wcotworih, Tappan Went-
worfh, nnd Yates—75
NAYS—Messrs. Abeicrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Davm J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Barks-
dale, Barry, Bell, Bocock, Boyee, Breckinridge, Bridge-',
Brooks., Caruthers, Caskie, Chrisman, Churchwell, Claik,
Clingroan, Cobb, Co\, Ciaige, Cummins, John G. Davis,
Dawson, Dean, Disnev. Dowdell, Dunbar, Dunham,
Eddy, Edmund*on, English, Faulkner, Florence, Fuller,
Goode, Green, Greenwood, Grey, Hamilton, Sampson \V.
Harris, Hendricks Henn, Diehard, IMlyer, Houston, In-
gersoll, Johnson, Georpe W.Jones, J, Glaney Jones, Ro-
land Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Kidwell, Kurt/,, Lamb, Lane,
Latham, Lmdlev, Lmd-dey, Macdonald, McDougall, Mc-
Nair, Maxwell, May, John G Miller, Smith Miller, Mill-
son, Olds, Moidecai Oliver, Oir, Packer, John Perkins
Phelps. Phillip", Powell, Pratt, Pieston, Rendv. Kiehard-
son, Kiddle, Thomas Rifehcy, Rogeis, Howe, Ruffin, Sew-
ard, Shannon, Shaw, Showei, Singleton, Samuel A.
Smith, WiJIiam Smith. William R. Smith, Geoi^e W.
Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alex-
ander H. Stephens, Straub, David Stuart, John J. Taylor,
Tweed. Vansflnt, Walbi tdtje, Walker, Walsh, WestbrooK,
Witte, Hendrick B. Wright, and Zollicoffer—111.
So the House refused to lay the appeal upon
the table.
The question recurred upon the appeal: "Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the House ?}}
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask for
the yeas and nays on that question.
The SPEAKEP*. The yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. PR1NGLE. I ask to be excused from ]
voting on the appeal. I
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that that 1
is out of order, because we are now acting upon
an appeal which will control that very question.
Mr. MEACHAM. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. I ask for the yeas
and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that when this House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Wednesday next.
'Mr. CLINGMAN. Has any business been
done since a similar motion was acted on ?
The SPEAKER. Yes, a good deal of time has
been spent, and an adjournment is a question of
time; but there has been action upon the appeal
of the gentleman from North Carolina himself.
Tellers on the yeas and nays were demanded
and ordered; and Messrs. Campbell and Ashe
were appointed.
The House then divided; and the tellers reported
thirty-seven gentlemen voting in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 47, nays 117; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Bennett, Benson, Campbell, Car-
penter, Chandler, Crocker, Thomas. Davis, Dick, Dickin-
son, Eastman, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Everliart,
Farley, Giddmgs, Goodrich, Grow, Howe, Hunt, Daniel
T. Jones, Knox, Lyon, McCulloch, Matteson, Mechdm,
Middleswarth, Morrison, Norton, Andiew Oliver, Parker,
Peck, Pennington, Pnngle, David Ritchie, Sabiri, Sage,
Sapp, Simmons, Tracy, CJphani, Wade, Walley, Elhhu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, John Wentworth, and Tap-
pan Wentworth—47.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercronibie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willi* Allen, A&he, David J. Bailey, Thomas II. Bayly,
Haikj-riale, Barry, Belcher, Bell, Bocock, Boycu, Breck-
inridge, Bridges, Brooks, Caruthers, Caskie, Chamberlain,
Clnistnan, Churchwell, Cluigman, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox,
Craige,, Cullom, Cuimmng, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean,
Disney, Dowdell, Dunbar, Dunham, Eddy, Edmundson,
Ellison, English, Etheridge, Faulkner, Florence, Gamble,
Goode, Greenwood, Grey, Hamilton, Wiley 1'. Harris,
Harrison, Hastings, Hendricks, Ilemi, Hillyer, Houston,
higeisollj George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Roland
Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Kidwell, Lamb, Letcher, Lindley,
Lind.-ley, Macdonald, McDouuaM, McNair, Macy, Max-
well, May, John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Noble,
Olds, Orr, Packer, John Perkins, l'helps, Phillips, Powell,
Pratt, Preston, Itichaidsou, Kiddle, Robbins, Rogers, Rowe,
RnHin, Seward, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Singleton,
Geint Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William
R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Alexander H. Stephens,
Straiton, Andrew Stuart, David Stuait, John J. Taylor,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tweed, Vaitsam,Walbndge, Walker,
lVal>h, Well*., Wesibrook. Daniel B. Wnglu, Hcndrick
B. Wright, and Zoihcofler—-117.
So the House refused to adjourn till Wednes-
day next. *
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion of the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Mkacham,] that the House adjourn, upon
which the yeas and tfays have been demanded.
Mr. ASHE. I move the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Mkacham] to withdraw that mo-
tion. It seems to me that there is a majority in
favor of overruling the decision of the Chair*
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
Chair would remind the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] that all discussion is out of
order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question Was then taken; and there were—
yeas 57, nays 105; as follows:
YEAS—Mcsm>. Ball, Ranks, Benson, Benton, Campbell,
Caipenter, Chandler, Crocker, Ctillom, Thomas Davis
I Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Eastman, Edgerton, Ed-
j mands Thomas D. Kliot, titheridge, Farley. Fenton, Flag-
, ler, Giddm«s, Goodrich, Grow, Hastings, llavtn, Howe,
1 Hughes, Hunt, Knox, Lindsley, McCulloch, Matte^on,
i Meacham, Middle--warth, Morgan, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
; Patker, Pennington, Pnngle. David Ruchie, Sahin, Sage,
i Sapp, Simmons,Germ Smith, John L Taylor, Nathaniel G.
j Ta\lor, Tiacy, Uphani, Walley, Elhhu 15 Washburne,
j Israel Washburn, John Wentworth, and Tappan Went-
, worth—57
i NAYS—Messrs Abercrombie, Aiken, Jamps C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Ashe. David J. Bailey, Barksdale, Barry,
Belcher, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Brooks,
Carulhets, Caskie, Chamberlain, Chrisman, Churchwell,
! Clark, Clmgman, Cobb, Cohjmtt, Coy, Craige. Cuinining,
' John G. Davis Dawson, Dowdell, Dunbar, Dunham, Eddy,
EdmumUon, Faulkner, Florence, Fuller, Gamble, Goode,
' Green wood, Grey, Sampson W. Hams Wiley I'. Harris,
, Hendricks, Henn, iiibbaid, Hillvei, Houston, Ingersoll,
1 George W. Jones J. Glaney Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt,
I Keir, Kidwell, Kittredge, Kurtz, Lamb, Letchei, Lindley,
I Macdonald, McDougall, Macy, Mauvell, May. John G.
i Miller, Smith Millei, Millson, Olds, Orr, Packer, John
J Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Piatt, Preston, Richardson, Rid-
! die, Bobbins, Rogers. Ruffin, Seward, Shannon, Shaw,
Shower, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
William R. Smith. George W. Smyth, Alexander H. Ste-
phens, Stratum, Straub, David Stuart, John J. Taylor,
Tweed; Van«?ant, Wnlbndge, Walker, Walsh, Weptbrook,
Witte, Daniel B. Wright, Hendrick 33. Wright, and Zol-
licoffer—105.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the appeal taken from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the Chair state what
this question of appeal is, as we have had two or
three taken.
The SPEAKER. In the first place, some gen-
tleman made a motion that the resolution closing
debate upon the Nebraska and Kansas bill lie
upon the table. That motion having been made
and voted down by the House, the Chair decided
that it was not in order to repeat it. From that
decision of the Chair an appeal was taken. The
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Morgan,] in
front of the Chair, rose and asked to be excused
from voting upon the appeal. Under the rules,
and the universal practice of the House, the Chair
decided that the gentleman had a right to ask to
be excused from voting. The gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] made a question
of order, that the gentleman had no such right.
The Chair having overruled the question of order,
the gentleman from North Carolina took an ap-
peal from that decision, and the vote now to be
taken is, "Shall the decision of the Chair remain
the judgment of this House?"
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas t>3, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS-—Messrs. Ball, Bennett, Benson, Campbell, Car-
penter, Chandler, Crocker, Cullom, Thomas Davis,Dean,
De Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Eastman, Edmands, Thomas
D. Eliot, Farley, Fenton, Flagler,Gamble, Giddmgs,Good-
rich, Grow, Harrison, Hastings, Haven, Hughes, Hunt,
Knox, Lindsley, Lyon, McCulloch, Macy, Matteson,
Meacham, Middleswarth, Millson, Morgan, Noble, Nor-
ton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pennington, Pringle, David
Ritchie, Russell, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Simmons, Gernt
Smith, Andiew Stuart, Nathaniel G. Taj lor, Thurftorj,
Tracy, Upham, Wade, Walley, Elhhu B. Wa^hhume,
Israel Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth, and Tappan
Wentworth—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercronibie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Wiilrs Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly,
Barksdale, Bocock, Breckinridge, Bridges, Brooks, Ca-
ruther>, Caskie, Chrisman, Churchwell, Clark, Chngman,
Cobb, Craige, Cuinimng, John G. Davis, Dawson, Disney,
Dowdell, Eddy, Edmundson, English, Faulkner, Florence,
Goode, Greenwood, Grey, Sampson W. Hariis, Wiley P.
Harris, Hendricks, Henn, Hihbnrd, Ilillyer, Houston, In-
gersoll, George W. Jones, J. Clancy Jones, Roland Jones,
Keitt, Kerr, Kidwell, Kurtz, Lamb, Letcher, Lindley, Mac-
donald, McDougall, Maxwell, May, John G. Miller, Smith
Miller, Olds, Orr, Packer, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips,
Powell, Preston, Richardson, Riddle, Robbins, Rogers, Ruf-
fin, Seward. Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, George W.
Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens,
Straub, David Stuart, John J. Taylor, Tweed, Vaiisant,
Walbridge, Walker, Walsh, Westbrook, Witte, Daniel B.
Wright, Hendrick B. Wright, and Zollicoffer—94.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled.
Mr. MATTESON. I move that the House
adjourn; and upon that motion 1 demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. I move that when
this House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Wednesday next; and upon that motion 1 demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. PRINGLE. I ask for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I make the point of order
that that motion has been made and voted upon
by the House, and that it is not in order to repeat
it. I would say to the Chair, that that was the
ruling of some of his predecessors.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order'made by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Clixgman,] and he would like the
gentleman to point the Chair to a single instance
of the kind.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I withdraw my point of
order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would like, Mr. Speaker,
to put a question to the gentleman from North
Carolina. I would like to know which of your
predecessors made the ruling he speaks of?
Mr. HOUSTON. The point of order is with-
drawn; and it is too late now to ask the question.
Tellers on the yeas and nays were ordered; and
Messrs. Henpricks and Sage were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
thirty-six in the affirmative, (a sufficient number.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and decided in the
negative—yeas 46, nays 108; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Bennett, Benson, Campbell, Carpenter,
Chandler, Crocker, Thomas Davis, De Witt, Dick, Dick-
