1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2051
1 have no doubt that at Cincinnati, Memphis,
•and other places, private accommodations of a
proper character may be found. Nevertheless, I
should be perfectly willing to see an hospital built
at Cincinnati, for I believe that to be one of"'the
proper places. At the same time I am abound to
say that it is equally right and equally indispen-
sable thai one should be located at Memphis, or
at least that an appropriation should be made to
accommodate the sick and disabled seamen there.
It is as necessary to have an hospital there as at
Cincinnati.
Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous consent* with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. DISNEY. I move to increase the amount
of appropriation five dollars. I do it in order that
I may make a simple statement of facts which I
had intended to present to the committee, when
my time so suddenly expired. Gentlemen will
find, in turning over the reports of these institu-
tions, that while at some of the marine hospitals
in these western waters, the number of patients
is sometimes five, ten, or fifteen, and m others,
sometimes forty a year; there has been, upon an
average, in the hospital at Cincinnati, something
like four hundred. Gentlemen talk about the ne-
cessity of hospitals at Memphis, and other places.
• But when boatmen get sick they go to a great com-
mercial city like Cincinnati, where they can find
employment when they get convalescent. You will
find them there every year, and they far-outnumber
the patients at all the other hospitals put together.
The Secretary of the Treasury has made a spe-
cific recommendation that you should make this
allowance. As to these seamen being provided
for in the hospitals conducted by private enter-
prise, they go into the business as a matter of
speculation, and if they find it unprofitable, then
these poor sick invalids will be cast out. The
local institutions are not capable of accommoda-
ting them, and they have refused to do so.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1* am opposed to the
amendment. The appropriations for new marine
hospitals and custom-houses will amount to some-
thing over $3,000,000 at a fair calculation.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I would inquire what
the amount of the appropriation in the whole
bill is?
Mr. HOUSTON. It is more than $16,000,000.
Mr. TAYLOR. What a petty amount is ap-
propriated for marine hospitals upon the western
waters!
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not intend to discuss
the propriety of making the particular appropria-
tion under consideration. The appropriations
wade for new marine hospitals, and new custom-
houses in this bill, over and above the amount in
the bill when it went from the House, will amount
to more than $3,000,000. I presume from the
•votes given here this morning, that these amend-
ments are all going into the bill. If gentlemen ace
going; to put them in, let them do it at once and
speedily.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was rejected.
The question then recurred upon concurring in
the Senate amendment.
Mr. DFSNEY demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Iverr and
Westbrook were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 65, noes not counted.
So the Senate's amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and fourteenth amendment:
For life boats, and other moans of rljn<]enn«r a^fance to
shipwrecked mnruiers and other?, on the co.im of {Ik-1 United
States, to be expanded tinder the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, {$lu,0U0. For the purchase of metallic: surf-
boats to leseue live* and property, and to be located ;tt eaeh
of the following p«j  t-, ;$12,o00, viz: On the i-id'i of
Lake Michigan, at Michigan city, one; New RtilTiin, one;
St. Joseph, one ; Kalamazoo, one; Mam-tee, one ; Giaiul
lltvor. one ; Mu-kegon, one; White River,one; Piei Mar-
qifcue, one; and South Black River, one. And on the west
side of Lake Michigan, at Chicago, two; Kenosha, one:
Mil wan Inc. one ; Sheboygan, one ; Death's Door, one ; Two
Rivers, one; Manitowoc,one; YVaukegan, one; Racine,
one: Port Washington, one; Washington Ilatbor, one;
South IVIamtou inland, one; Kalley's l-l:uboi, one; and
at Calumet, one ; or at sueh othet points sh/dl he deng- ;
nated t>> tiie Seeietary of the Tion.?urv. jo be expended '
under the diicetion of the Secretary of the Trea«-; y : who :
shall aJso adopt such mea-tm^an shall he nece-;.uy for tae
preservation of such boa.si. !
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means propose an amendment to that section, the
main point of which is to strike out part of the
appropriation, inasmuch as it is duplicated in the
bill. The amendment strikes out that portion
which proposes to locate the boats at certain
points, and leaves that to the Secretary of the
Treasury. On application to the Secretary of the
Treasury, the gentleman who give security for
these boats can have them at any points they
desire.
[Cries of " That is right!"]
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Strikeout the words in lines thirteen hundred and sifty-
eight, sixty-nine and seventy, and to the word u dollars''
in line thirteen hundred and seventy-one, " For life-boats
and other means of rendering assistance to shipwrecked
mariners and others, on the coa^t of the United States, to
be expended under the direction of the Secretaiy of the
Treasury, $10,000.15
After the word " at" in line thirteen hundred and seventy-
three, stuke out the words "each of tin* following pons,
>?I2,.")00, viz : On the ea«t side ot LakeMieliigan, at Miehi-
gan City, one ; New Buffalo, one; St. Joseph, one; Kala-
mazoo, one; Manatee, one; Giand River, one; Muske-
gon, one; White River, one; Pier Marquette, one; and
South Black River, one. And on the west side of Lake
Michigan, at Chicago, two; Kenosha, one; Milwnukie,
one; Sheboygan, one; Death's Door, one; Two Rivers,
one: Manitowoc, one ; Wuukegan, one ; Racine, one; Port
Wasnmgton, one; Washington Harbor, one; South Mum-
Mr. HAVEN. How much was it ?
Mr. WALLEY Ten thousand dollars. It
was so stated to the committee, and the commit-
tee recommended it, and I have the authority of
one of the members of the Committee on Com-
merce in the Senate—I refer to Mr. Stdart, of
Michigan—for saying that the committee intended
it as an appropriation m addition to that which
the House had placed in the bill. They did it in
consideration of the facts urged in the memorial
to which I have referred, and which one of my col-
leagues in the Senate presented to the-Senate from
the association of merchants in Boston.
Mr. HAVEN'. The original amount in the
bill is $10,000 for this purpose. Then follows the
Senate substitute, substantially the same as that
, contained in the original bill, except adding
| thereto the words '* to be expended under the di-
| rection of the Secretary of the Treasury. That
! the Committee of Ways and Means propose to
strike out.
Then there is a further appropriation, placed in
the bill by the Senate, of f 19,500, which the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means propose to leiive in
, ,i the bill. So that, in addition to themsual appro-
™'or'"' 0n<!' Jv,l"eys llartlor> one; a,,d at Calumet, i: prja(jon 0f ^10,000—striking out the duplicate
510,000—we have §12,500 more than has hereto-
fore been appropriated.
Mr. WALLEY. Exactly, as I stated to the
And in line one thousand three hundred and eighty-four,
stuke out the word  • other;" and alter the word " boats,"
111 line one thousand thiee hundred and eighty seven, in-
sert : " buf no part of the money shall be paid to persons
having care 01 charge ot any of said boat-*, hut the same
shall be kept by the poison or persons in whose caie they
shall be placed by the Secretary of the Treasuiy, without
expense to the {Jmted States;55 so that the amendment
shall read:
For life-boats, and other means of rendering assistance
to shipwrecked manners and others, on the coa^t of the
United titates, to he expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Trea&uiy, $L0,U00. For the purchase of
metallic surf boats, to rescue lives and property, and to be
located at such {joints as shall be designated by the Secre
tary of the Treasury, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury, who shall also adopt
such measures as shall be neee^aiy l°r the preservation of
such boats; but no pai t of the money shall be paid, &e.
Mr. HAVEN". That leaves the appropriations
substantially as it finds them now. It proposes
to strike out the specific localities, and leaves the
Secretary of the Treasury to distribute these boats
as, in his judgment, hedeems best. But it further
provides that no part of this money shall be paid
to compensate any persons who keep these boats.
The way that thing is done now, or the way in
which it ought to be done, is, that commercial
men, at points upon the lakes, and upon the sea
] committee. There wes an appropriation of $10,000
i put into the bill by the House for light-boats, as
i a means of rendering assistance to wrecked mari-
1 ners, and which had no reference to the associa-
! tion of merchants. The committee put in $10,000
i more; and it was founded upon the fact, that upon
! our coast last fall there was an immense destruc-
j tion of property and life. Hundreds of lives were
! lost last December. Heretofore an association of
| merchants have had charge of this matter.
I The provision has been made several times by
| the State Legislature of Massachusetts. But, sir,
j I ask gentlemen to remember that the proposition
made here for life-boats will not touch the coast
of Massachusetts. That provision has reference
to the wants of the lake coast exclusively, and
will not touch" our coast. There is a provision for
the coast of New Jersey and that of Long Island;
and that is all. It was but a short time since that
a ship was cast away upon our coast, and many
lives lost, that could have been saved if these life--
I boats had been there.
j Mr. E1AVEN, 1 will simply say, in reply t-c*
coast, make application, by letter, to the Secretary |J^he gentleman from Massachusetts, that we put
of the Treasury, tor boats. The Secretary says ^$10,000 into another bill for this purpose. The
to them: Give me a bond for $1,000, and I will
will send yon a boat, and you shall take care of
it, and use it for the benefit of commerce, and pay
the expenses attending the keeping of it up. Busi-
ness men, interested m navigation, do not ask to
make this a charge upon the Government. If the
Government will give them a boat, it is all they
ask.
Mr. WALLEY. I agree entirely with the ar-
gument of my friend from New York, but not m
the latter part of his amendment; and I agree in
his statements, so far as they are correct; but it is
my misfortune to have to correct his statement
m part, so far as it relates to the first part of the
amendment contained between lines thirteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight and thirteen hundred and
seventy-one, which he says is a reduplication of
the previous clause which was passed in the bill
as it went from the House originally.
I am in the possession of facts in reference to
this matter, which I will state for the considera-
tion of the committee. The truth of the matter
is, that I was requested to have an appropriation
made in behalf of an association in the city, which
I have the honor, in part, to represent, to be ap-
plied for this very purpose stated in the Senate
amendment. I no stated to the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce in this House. He ad-
vised me to have the amendment put on in the
Senate. I went to see the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce in the Senate, and he assured
me that he would attend to it. The Committee on
Commerce, however, objected to making the ap-
propriation in the form i proposed, because they
did not want to admit the name of an association
committee did not want to duplicate the provision,,
and. therefore, they recommended that it should
be stricken out.
Mr. WALLEY. I desire to ask the g<?>ntler aii.
in what other bill the provision of which he speaks,
has been inserted?
Mr. HAVEN. In the light-house^biH.
Mr. WALLEY. That was not hi inference fco
the Massachusetts coast at nil.
Mr. HAVEN. Yes, sir; it applied to the whole
coast, from M«me to California.
Mr, WALLEY. I desire to.ask a division of
the question before the entire amendment of the
Senate is disposed of. I have no objection to the
recommendation of the Committee of Ways and
Means being adopted in reference to the last por-
tion of the amendment; bat I hope the first portion
will be retained. I ask iho Chair whether the
ques-tion is divisible?
The CHAIRMAN.. Th-3 Chair thinks ths
question may be divided.
Mr. WALLEY. Then Task that the question,
may be first taken upon concurring in the follow-
ing clause:
For life-boats end other means of rendering-assistance
to «hipwieckeu mariners and others, on the coast of the
United States, to Ui expended under the diieeuon of the;
Secretary of the-Ti^asury, ^10,000.
Mr. SKELTON. Is that amendment debata-
ble ?
The CHAIRMAN1. It is not.
The first portion of the Senate amendment was
then non-concurred in.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. I do not linow-
thai the committee fully understand the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The question has been
m the bill. They said that a general appropria-
tion had been made, but that they would add to t
the appropriation which the House had recora-\\decided.
mended to the Senate, to be expended under the ;j Mr. STUART. Do I understand that the
discretion of the Secretary. il $10,000 is to be stricken out, and that the $12,500.
