484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
to interpolate a foreign and tyrannical system into
the laws of nations, I cannot see. Mr. Presi-
dent, we shall have to come to this point. I have
no doubt that the President and his Cabinet are
well disposed. I have no doubt that they will
take high ground, and support it with all the
means in their power; but tney want more than
that; they want the moral support of the Ameri-
can Legislature; they want the moral support of
the American people; and that support should be
given by our declaration. The sooner we make
it the better.
Mr. MASON. The paragraph from the speech
ofLord Clarendon, to which the honorable Senator
refers, had not escaped my attention. Whether
it is meant to indicate, at any time, or for any
purpose, any interference with the purposes of
this Government, 1 do not know; but it is certainly
unnecessary to place any probable construction on
the paragraph, so far as Cuba is concerned, be-
cause this country has been distinctly informed,
in a correspondence which took place twelve
months ago between the two Ministers of France
and England and our then Secretary of State,
when the Secretary of State declined the propo-
sition of the tripartite convention, the two Gov-
ernments of France and England would consider
themselves thereby committed to the position
which they occupied in the correspondence which
was commenced, and gave notice that whenever
the occasion arrived, they would be found united;
so that we have had fair notice. I should say,
then, " forewarned, forearmed "
Mr. BELL. How have we profited by that
notice?
Mr. MASON. "We have profited, so far as I
am informed, by remaining, as we-ou^ht to re-
main, silent and quiet. I do not know what sort
of action the Senator from Michigan proposes on
the part of the Government, or on the part of the
Committee on Foreign Relations; but 1 should
rather apprehend,in the present state of public
affairs, this country profoundly at peace, holding
her usual commercial intercourse with the nations
abroad, that if a proposition of that kind had
come from any Senator further South, it would
have been looked upon as a sort of "abstrac-
tion." When the case occurs in a tangible form,
I apprehend this Government will be prepared to
meet it; and I, for one, am prepared to say that
any interference of any description with the action
of this Government upon this continent—consid-
ering South America, and the islands dependent,
as a part of it—I feel satisfied, from what I know
of the feelings of the American people, will be
resisted by the whole powers of the country. But
at present I am not aware of any.
Mr. CASS. TheSenatorasks me what! would
do ? 1 will tell him. I would pass just such res-
olutions as these, and support them to the last ex-
tremity. When so many people around us are
struggling to obtain their liberty, and when liberty
has not a friend in the world except this single
country, and declarations are made that set at
nought the public opinion of the world, we are told
that we must not counteract them, because it will
be an abstraction!
We might as well call the Declaration of Inde-
pendence an abstraction. Such a measure as this
is not an abstraction. To foresee a storm is to be
prepared for it. Declare your principles to the
world. Let them know what you will do when
the time comes to do it. That is what we should
do. Weshoufd take our position, and maintain it.
Mr. President, 1 will read the resolutions which
have been introduced into the House; and f repeat, j
that I cordially concur in eveiy woid of them:
" Resolved hy the Senate and IIou?c of Representatives of
the United Stafesof Jlwenca in Congress assembled, That
th<> people of thw Union have ever vu;w< d with the deep
est concern the renewed intervention of Power? m the af-
fairs of countries not embraced wit Inn their bonier*, partic-
ularly when such intervention had avowedly for it- object
the repression of generous political sentiments; and that
they will never permit s-uch an oceunence upon this conti-
nent without physical resistance to it.
" Resolved. That while the United State® of America are
disposed to ohfcrve, in a spirit of <rood laith, international
obligations they desire a similar ob*et vance of «uch obli-
gations hy all the nations uf the eailh, arid that they c;ui
never behold with indifference the obliteration of inde-
pendent States by a third power, because of the political
iteedom of such States.
'• IlesoZtetf, That the President be, and he is liercbv, re
quested to cause a copy of these resolution* to be cotnmn-
lueaU-d to each of the diplomatic agents of toreipn nations
residing near this Government, and also copies theieof to
be nansmitted to diplomatic agents in foreign countries, in
order that the sentiment and the purpose of this Republic
may be neither misconceived nor misunderstood in any
quarter of the globe."
The honorable Senator from Tennessee, put a
very searchingand touching question. Whatgood
that notice had done? France and England have
said what they would do. Have we ever said that
we wer« dissatisfied ? What ground have we taken?
I would let them know exactly what we would
do; that is to say, I would let them know what
our rights are. What we would do at a particular
moment will and must depend on the circum-
stances of the case. But I would tell them what
our rights are.
Mr. MASON. If a people do not know what
their rights are, they will not learn them from us.
I have as much sympathy for those who struggle
for liberty abroad as any man; but if our example
does not stimulate them to attain the same results
which we have attained, our resolutions will have
no other effect in the world, I apprehend, but to.
render us ridiculous.
Mr. RA DGER. I wish the honorable Senator
from Virginia would explain, if he pleases, a re-
mark which he made a little while ago. He said,
that if this proposition had come from the South
it would have been pronounced an "abstraction."
I wish to know from him if he is so ungeneious
and unfair as to suppose that there is any exclu-
sive right in the South to manufacture abstrac-
tions? [Laughter.]
Mr. MASON. Why, Mr. President, the hon-
orable Senator has not yet attained, I apprehend,
sufficient age in the councils of the country to be
aware of the fact that when the South has occa-
sionally remonsticited against what I consider ag-
gressions from the Federal Government—really
existing, tangibleand palpable to every sense—they
have been, in some quarters, denounced as ab-
stractions.
It was in reference to that that I make the remark.
When the honorable Senator attains to more
matured years he will understand the allusion.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CASS. When you get to be an "Old Fogy,"
probably.
Mr. WELLER. I believe there is no question
before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT. There is not,
Mr. BADGER. I wish to ask a question.
Mr. WELLER. I have seen several wars got-
ten up on this floor with Great Britain; but I hope
we shall settle this Nebraska question before we
seriously involve this Government in a war with
any foreign country. Settle our domestic affairs,
those which belong to our own firesides, and then
we may be ready to break a lance with Great
Britain.
My distinguished friend from Michigan will
never be able to forgive the British for their con-
duct in the war of 1812. I have as strong prejudices,
perhaps, against that nation as that distinguished
Senator, but I would meet them elsewhere than
in the Senate. " Sufficient unto the day is the evil
thereof."
Whenever any of these practical questions come
up I am ready to meet them; but I have said, upon
another occasion, that there is a great deal of time
lost here in discussing abetrsctquestions; and my
friend from Michigan will allow me to say, that I
know of no one who has entered to a greater ex-
tent into the discussion of abstractions than he.
Whenever he will propose a practical measure
the Senate will be ready to meet it. In the mean
time, let us proceed to the decision of our own
domestic affairs, i therefore call for the order of
the day.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. McKean, their Chief Clerk,
announcing that they had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles:
A bill for the further relief of Albra Tripp;
A bill for the relief of Jesse R. Faulkner, of
Missouri;
A bill for the relief of James Walsh;
A bill for the relief of William Mayo, of Bel-
fast, State of Maine;
A bill for the relief of James M. Lewis;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Captain William Davis, late commander of the
United States transport schooner Eufalia;
A bill to provide apensionfor James K.Welch;
A bill for the relief of Captain E. A. V. Lava-
lette, of the United States Navy; and
A bill for the relief of Samuel K. Rayburn.
Also, that they had passed the following bills
from the Senate:
An act granting five years'half pay to the widow
of Captain John W. Gunnison;
An actforthe relief of Mrs. Elizabeth C. Smith,
of Missou ri;
An Dct for the relief of Mary C. Hamilton;
An act for the relief of Allen G. Johnson; and
An act for the relief of Adam D. Steuart, pay-
master of the United States Army.
Also, that they had agreed to the conference
asked for by the Senate, on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill for the relief of the
United States troops who were sufferers by the
recent disaster to the steamship San Francisco,
and had appointed Mr. W. H. Bissell, Mr. J.
R. Chandler, and Mr* David Stuart, as mana-
gers on their part.
THE TERRITORY OE NEBRASKA..
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to organize the Territory of Nebraska.
Mr. BUTLER resumea and concluded the
speech which he commenced yesterday.
Mr. BROWN next obtained the floor, and fol-
lowed, in support of the bill.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, next addressed the Sen-
ate in favor of the bill.
[See Appendix for these speeches.]
Mr. CASS obtained the floor,
Mr. SUMNER. Before the Senate adjourns, I
desire to correct an error of fact into Which the
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Butler] fell
as he closed his remarks. He quoted a passage
from a work describing the condition of infant
negro slaves in Massachusetts; and to my inquiry
as to the period it referred to, his reply was, a
period subsequent to the act of emancipation in
that State. I thought, at the moment, that he
was under a misapprehension. He has kindly
placed in my hand the authority which he read;
and, on examination, I find that he was mistaken,
and that the statement referred to the period of
slavery in Massachusetts. The statement is offen-
sive in its character; but it is associated simply
with the period of slavery, and not with any pe-
riod subsequent to its abolition, which, in pointof
fact, was accomplished by the constitution adopt-
ed in 1780. I make this explanation, not by
way of apology for the circumstance mentioned,
but merely that it may be understood, and be
placed to the account of slavery.
The further consideration of the subject was
postponed until Monday.
The Senate then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 27, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. He>trt Slicer.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented six petitions, signed
by five hundred and sixty-one citizens of Mon-
roe county, State of New York, praying that one
hundred and sixty acres of land may be granted
to the officers and soldiers who served in the war
of 18152; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, the proceedings of a meeting of citizens
of Orleans county, held at Albion, New York,
remonstrating against the passage of the Nebraska
bill; which were ordered to lip on the table.
Also, twenty-two memorials of citizens of Onta-
rio county, New York, remonstrating against any
infringement of the Missouri compromise; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Also, the following petitions remonstrating
againstany violation of the Missouri compromise;
which were ordered to lie on the table:
Petition of eleciors of Tioga county, New York;
Petition of citizens of Le Roy, New York;
and
Petition of citizens of Allegan, Michigan.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of the State of Iowa, praying Congress to
grant to said State the reservation and buildings
commonly known as Fort Atkinson, in the county
of Winneshiek, for educational purposes; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.,
Also, a petition of citizens of the State of Iowa,
