1194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
Ordered, That Jane Irwin have leave to withdraw he
petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That the memonai of the officers of the volun-
teer companies m the Distuet ot Columbia, praying the
construction o!'an armoiy in the city ot Washington, be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee for the District ot Columbia.
On motion by Mr, TOUCEY, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers ofCharles Stearns,
together with the adverse icport thereon, he recommitted
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. FISH, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was jeferied a petition of officers
of the Navy and Marine Corps who were attached
to the gulf squadron during the late war with
Mexico, praying to be allowed extra compensa-
tion, submitted an adveise report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the heirs of Captain
"William Henry Allen, late of the United Slates
Navy, praying remuneration for important ser-
vices rendered during the last war with Great Brit-
am, and the payment of prize money for the cap-
ture of vessels, submitted an adveise report therton;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. COOPER, fiotn the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was reftried the memo-
rial of the hens of Geiiend Stephen Moylan,
piaying the passage of an a ft declaring that the
non-settlement of the accounts of s-uid Moyian
may be no bar to his hens lecemng commutation
pay, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
relative to the accounts of General Stephen Moy-
ian, deceased; which was read, and passed to a
{second reading. The report was ordered to be
pnnted.
Mr. GVVIN, from the Committee on Naval
Allans, to whom was referred a bill to piovtdetor
the suiviving officers of the late Texas Navy,
reported it baric with sundiy amendments.
GUANO TRADE.
Mr. CLAYTON. I am requested to present
the petition of about two thousand citizens of
Delawaie, who pray ihat some constitutional
method may be deuaed for eflrcting an amuse-
ment by which Peru shall, for a just and pioper
equivalent, either cede to the United States one of
her guano islands, or peimit Ameiic.an vessels to
take guano without sunt or unnecessary restric-
tion, so that the trade m that article may beplaced
upon the true commercial basis of demand and
supply. The memorialists say, that without m
the least intending to question the propriety of
ac(|uivsnic>ns of teintory in other quarters, they
respectfully .suggest that, in their opinion, the pui-
chtu>e of one of those l&laud.s would be to the
people of the United States of more solid worth
than that of the iVIes-illa valley, Cuba, and all the
Antilles besides. Agieeably to the disposition
which was made of this subject, on the motion of
the Committee on Agriculture the other day, i
move that this memoual be leferred to the Exec-
utive Department.
The PRESIDENT. It will be so ordered, unless
objected to.
Theie was no objection.
LAND TITLES IN INDIANA.
Mr. PETTIT. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to grant me leave at this time to
introduce two bills, of which I have not given
notice, and I shall ask the Senate to put them on
their passage now. They are matters which
would propctly be ieferab)eto the committee of
which I am chairman—the Committee on Piivate
Land Claims. 1 say to the Senate that f have
thoroughly examined them, in connection with
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
i have a letter from him on the subject, which I
ask may be read, saying that these bills ought to
be passed. I first ask unanimous consent to be
allowed to introduce a bill "to ascertain and
adjust the titles to certain lands in the State of
Indiana."
There being no ^objection, the bill was read a
first and second time by its title, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to constitute the register and re-
ceiver of the land office at Vincennes, together
with a jit and proper person, learned in the law,
ami a citizen of Indiana, to be appointed by the
President, commissioners to ascertain and adjust
the Utle ot any claimant to any tract of land, or
any part or subdivision thereof gianted by the
resolve of Congress, of August 29, 1788, and the
act of March 3, 1791, granting lands to the inhab-
itants and settlers at Vincennes.
Every claimantto a tract of land so granted, or
any part thereof, is to file his claim with the regis-
ter at Vincennes within six months after the pub-
lication of the notice provided for in the bill. The
commissioners are to hold their meetings at Vin-
cennes, and are to decide in a summaiy manner
all claims respecting the lands granted by the acts
referred to. Every claimant who can produce to
the commissioners a regular claim of title from the
original confirmee to himself, or who shall show,
to their satisfaction, a continuous and connected
possession in himself, and those under whom he
ciaims for the period of twenty years, or more,
preceding the filing of the claim, or can show such
claim or title as would bar an action of ejectment
m the courts of .Indiana, is to be confirmed in his
title.
The bill makes other provisions necessary to
carry out these objects.
Mr. PEL'TIT. I ask that the letter of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office be read
for the satisfaction of gentlemen.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Gunbrii, Land Okkjck, Mint 35, 18vl.
Stu: I have caiefiillv considered the bills piesenled hy :
you—one'Moi Iheiehet ot S) I ve&tcr T. Jei.tiild," and the j
otliei to .weitam and adjust the ritle> to eeit.un lands in j
the Stale ol Indiana," and in view of all the cueumsinncps 1
of the ease, am ot opinion thai, if enacted hy Congress, 1
they will alloul the relief sought to be obtained; and lhat !
it i  the only relief that can be extended b\ Congress m 1
Ihese ea^es.
With gieat respect, your obedient setvam,
JOHN WILSON, Commissioner.
Hon. Smith Mrr.r.rfi, Jlnu^r a f R ejn escnlatiwi
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oidered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a thiid time, and passed.
SYLVESTER T. JERAULD.
Mr. PETTIT. The Committee on Private
Land Claims have also Instructed me to lepoit a
bill for the relief of Sylvester T. Jerauld, assignee
of Henry itichaud. It is a very short bill, and I
ask for its consideration now
The bill was accordingly read a first and second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It pioposes to direct that location No. 118, con-
taining four hundred acres in township one south,
range ten west, second meridian, indiana;-which
has been made m favor of Nathaniel Ewing, as
assignee of claim No. 1499, in favor of the heirs
of H. itichaud, m the i cpoi t dated the .'H^t of De-
cember, JHOJ), of the commissioners at Ivaskaskia,
Illinois, he confirmed. It proposes, also, to au-
thorize the Piesident of the United Slates, on the
production to the General Land Office, of the cir-
tificate from the register at Vincennes, Indiana,
for the claim, to cause a patent to be issued to
Jerauld, as assignee of the interest of the original
claimant; but the patentgianted is only to operate
as a relinquishment on the part of the United
States, and is in no way to prejudice any valid
adverse right, if such exist.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
AFRICANIZATION OF CUBA.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to submit the fol-
lowing resolution: *
Resolved ^ That the recent acts and declarations of the
Cuban nuthoiities, considered m connection with Spam's
past policy with reference to that island, are calculated to
excite the just appiehensmus of the Government of the
United States, ol n settled desitm to thmw Cuba ultimately
into the hands of its negso population, and to revive theie,
within a lew horns' sail ot oui tdioies, tne i-cenes of San
Domingo'd revolution, a result which the United States
will deem alike inconsistent with then progress, theii
prosperity, and the civilization of the age.
I do not desire to discuss the resolution now 
Mr. SUMNER. Can the resolution be consid-
ered to-day excent by unanimous consent?
The PRESIDENT. It cannot.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I object to its consider-
ation.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to say to the Sena-
tor what I have said heretofore, that I do not de-
sire to discuss the quc-stion now. But a resolu-
tion on this subject was, a few days ago, referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and X
only desire that this resolution shall go to the
committee, and be considered in connection with
that.
Mr. SUMNER. The resolution had better lie
on the table for the present.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made,
the resolution cannot be considered now.
BLACK WARRIOR DOCUMENT.
Mr. SLIDELL. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and 1 desire to say that the document which I
propose to have printed relates to the seizure of
the Black Warrior. I receive every day appli-
cations for copies of that document, and it is a
matter of importance, i think, that we should
have some copies of it piinted for the use of the
Senate.
Rcsohed, That two thousand copies of riou*e document
No. bG, relating to the seizure of the steamer [ la< k War-
rior, and other cases ol alleged wiongs to American citi-
zens by the authoiuies of Cuba, be punted tor the u^e of
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution goes to
the Committee on Printing.
ROWAN CATHOLICS.
Mr. MALLORY. The morning, yesterday,
was engrossed, Mr. President, in discussing
question which I presume can meet, at the hands
of this body, no practical legislation; and as one
of its members I think it necessary to say a word
in lelation to that discussion. But for a remark
of the honorable Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Badger,^ which will, 1 think, be productive
of misunderstanding, i should not deem it my duty
to utter a word. The remark to which I allude,
I see in this morning's report of yesterday's pro-
ceedings, in the Union.
"Mr. Badger inquired whether Mr. Cass had seen a
statement made in a Catholic paper in St. Louis—the
'Shephetd ot the Valley'—that a^ soon a*? the Catholics
should obtain the supremacy m this country, there would
be an end ol toleration here?
" Mr. Cass replied that he had seen the statement m
some paper.
•'Mr. I>ai)oer asked whether it'would not he wise to
consider the propnety of adopting some measures,'in anti-
cipation ol such a le-ult, for securing religious liberty at
home r
"Mr. Ca^s. This Government has nothing to do with
religious liberty at heme. Th.it i-> the bu.-iness of the
Staler.
a Mr. B vnoEit inquired, if such an event should happen,
what ^oit ot a. position should we occupy, asking foreign
Covetnuient- to secure tor our citizens abioad what we
could not secure for them at home ?
" Mr. Cass. That is supposing an impossible case."
Mr. President, i do not know whether the re-
marks of the honorable Senator from North Car-
olina, and the introduction of the paper to which
he refers, were made ironically or not, or whether
he meant to say no more than that legislation upon
this subject, as presented by the honorable Sena-
tor from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] would be as wise,
(and no wiser perhap?,) as legislation upon the
subject presented by the honorable Senator from
North Carolina himself. Perhaps the latter was
the design. However, sir, as it has been intro-
duced into this body, it will certainly, unless some
explanation be made, give rise to some feeling and
some misapprehension. In relation to the " Shep-
herd of the Valley," I am happy to state here—and
I state it because it is an act of justice due to over
two millions of our citi/.ens—that the paper called
the " Shepherd of the Valley" ia not nn organ, a
mouth piece, or an exponent of the opinions, re-
ligious or otherwise, of any Catholic church, or
creed in the United States; but that the bishop of
St. Louis, himself, has condemned, and in a circu-
lar letter cautioned the Catholics of his diocese
against its dangerous ultraism.
Therefore, sir, it is that I would say that no in-
ference should be drawn from anything of this
nature, which appears m that paper, against the
constitutional loyalty and fidelity of this large body
of our fellow citizens.
| It is the first time, Mr. President, in this body,
j that I have ever heard directly or indirectly the
j creed of any portion of our citizens presented as
a matter of discussion. It is the first time that I
have ever known any member of the body feel it-
necessary to rise and say a word upon the subject;
and I certainly do not wish or design to do more
than to correct any misapprehension which may
arise from the remarks of the Senator from North
Carolina.
If I thought proper to say more—if I thought
it necessary or proper to enter into a defense of
