1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1195
the church—I could take my stand here in the
Senate of the United States, and fearlessly appeal
to the body for the confirmation of the fact that
from the settlement of the Colonies to the present
hour, no creed has ever exhibited more toleration,
more spirit of gentleness and conciliation in this
country. I might, too, appeal to the fact that the
Catholics of colonial Maryland, having the power
to establish religious distinctions, privileges, and
disabilities, refused to exercise it, and set a noble
example of religious toleration.
1 might appeal to your ships and your armies,
and show that a majority of this creed man your
decks and fill your ranks. I might bring into re-
view all the departments of civil life, and show them
adorned by the highest talent and character taken
from the members of that creed. And, sir, I
mijfht show that, in selecting the chaplains of your
Army and Navy, filled as they are with u majority
of Catholics, you have passed them by. We
have no Catholic chaplains, sir, for our Catholic
sailors and soldiers.
Sir, in relation to those denials of sepulture in
foreign countries, which the honorable Senator
from Michigan brought to our notice yesterday,
I have nothing to say now, but that I deplore them;
but do not let us misconceive this matter, nor con-
ceal from ourselves the fact that at least one large
portion of the Protestant Episcopal ministers of
this country, at this very hour, is refusing to the
unbaptized their ceremonies of sepulture.
I might say, here, in relation to the performance
of these ceremonies to which the Senator from
Michigan alluded yesterday, without fear of con-
tradiction, that in this-country, at this moment,
the feeling of the Catholic church in the United
States is in opposition to the refusal of these cere-
monies; but, sir, I have no desire to discuss the
subject at all. The only object which I have in
rising, is to say, that no inference against the dis-
loyalty of these persons should be drown from the
ultraism of a newspaper, whose authority is dis-
claimed by the bishop of the diocese in which it
is published. v
Mr. BADGER. I am very sorry to have made
any remark yesterday, and should be sorry to
make any remark at any time, which would ex-
pose the honorable Senator from Florida to an
unpleasant sentiment of regret; but! really do not
understand for what purpose the honorable gen-
tleman has alluded to the subject of the remark this
morning. The reason why 1 mentioned it yester-
day is, I think, sufficiently apparent, and if not
seen,by everybody, can be, atonce,mademanifest.
The honorable Senator from Michigan had
made a very able and elaborate speech, in which
he enforced upon the Senate the propriety of our
Government taking some steps to secure, by
treaty stipulations with foreign Powers, the enjoy-
ment of unrestricted religious liberty by our citi-
zens when abroad, and in the dominions of foreign
countries. I had seen an extract professing to be
quoted from a Roman Catholic paper—a religious
paper—published at St. Louis, and said to be
published under the direction or control of the
bishop of that diocese—cum permissione superior um
—in which the statement was made distinctly,
that in the event of the Roman Catholics obtaining
the numerical ascendency in one of the States of
the Union—not in the country, as erroneously
stated in the paper from which the Senator has
read—there would be an end of religious freedom
in such State, because, sai^ the paper, as it was
stated, we know that we are right, and we know
that they are wrong.
I knew nothing of the relations subsisting be-
tween the bishop of the diocese and the editor of
the paper, except the general inference which I
drew that the subordinates of the Roman Cath-
olic church are not apt to promulge sentiments
which do not meet the approbation of their chiefs
and superiors; but I thought it very appropriate
to call the attention of the Senate and of the coun-
try to the fact that this proposition had been
openly announced—if the quotation which I saw
had been correctly made from the paper—as a
result of the ascendency of that particular denom-
ination of Christians in one of the States of the
Union, and to call attention to this remarkable
fact, that this Government has no power or con-
trol over the subject of religious freedom or reli-
gious intolerance or religious proscription in any
of the States of the Union; that a State has aright
to establish any amount of religious intolerance it
pleases, to prescribe what religious tests it pleases,
to make all rights, at least all political rights, de-
pendent upon the progression of a religious faith,
and consequently, that if the negotiations which
the honorable Senator from Michigan suggested,
were opened, we should be met with this difficulty;
we propose to a foreign State, by treaty, to se-
cure religious freedom to our subjects visiting the
territories of that foreign State:
The question is asked us, " Can you secure to
us religtous freedom in visiting any of the States
of the Union ?" The answer is, " we cannot;"
it is a subject altogether dependent upon State
legislation, and so far are we from being able
to secure such religious freedom to your subjects
when coming here, that we cannot secure it to
our own citizens at home, if a particular State in
any instance, should think proper to refuse it,
and, therefoie, unless it were in the power of the
Government tuadopt some measures for enforcing
at home what they ask to be enforced abroad, we
should be placed m the situation of those who de-
mand from others that for which we could give
them no equivalent. That is all, sir. It certainly
never entered into my head .to suppose that I
should produce a necessity for vindicating either
the patriotism, or gallantry, or uprightness of our
Roman Catholic fellow-citizens, of which I never
had a doubt.
Mr. MALLORY. I know that the honorable
Senator from North Carolina entertains the kind-
est feeling towards all Christian creeds; but, sir,
1 trust he will recollect that when an honorable
gentleman of his experience and position rises in
this body, and calls public attention to an intoler-
ant and unworthy article m an isolated paperupon
this subject, and then draws the inference from it
that legislation of the chaiacter indicated may be
just and necessary, it creates an impression that
such a contingency as a Catholic legal supremacy
may be apptehended. •
Mr. BA DG ER. Well, may it not?
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir.
Mr. BADGER. Why not?
Mr. MALLORY. When he does that, he does
by implication charge this particular creed with
disloyalty, which, 1 know, he does not design to
charge; and it is to rebut any such presumption
of disloyalty from an unauthorized and isolated
articfe that I have deemed it necessary to say a
word.
Mr. BADGER. Does the honorable Senator
know that it is repudiated by the church itself?
Mr. MALLORY. I have not seen the repu-
diating circular, but I understand from authority
which I cannot possibly doubt that it has been.
Mr. BADGER. I am glad to hear it.
[Here the conversation dropped.]
texas navy.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
the bill to provide for the surviving Officers of the
late Texas Navy, to report a substitute for the
bill; and I am also instructed by the committee to
say that the substitute agreed upon is the unani-
mous sentiment of the committee, and that they
intend to adhere to it.
INDIGENT INSANE BILL VETO.
On the motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate
resumed the reconsideration of the bill making
a grant of land to the several Slates of the Union,
for the benefit of indigent insane persons, which
had been returned by the President of the United
States, with his objections.
Mr. BUTLER addressed the Senate at length in
defense of the veto. [A report of his speech will
be found in the Appendix.]
The PRESIDfNG OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The question is upon reconsidering
the bill.
Mr. BADGER. I know that the Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] who was in his seat
a few moments ago, desired to address the Senate
on this subject,'and 1 suppose he has stepped out,
not expecting that my friend from South Caro-
lina would conclude so soon, though he is usually
very brief.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Missis-
sippi told me he desired to speak, and but for that
I should ask to have t* is subject postponed for
the purpose of taking up the Indian appropriation
bill. Probably the Senator from Mississippi will
be here directly, and may desire to go on to-day.
Several Sbnat&rs. To-morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. Gentlemen around me say
he will not desire to speak now. I do not know
how that is.
Mr. BADGER- I wish to suggest thai it would
be hardly respectful to the Senator from Missis-
sippi to expect him to come in now immediately,
and commence discussion on this subject, and f
think my friend from Virginia had better let this
matter be postponed until to-morrow, and let us
take up the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 am willing to agree to that.
Then 1 move to postpone thfe further consider-
ationofthis bill until to-morrow for that purpose.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have no wish to inter-
rupt the course of the Senate on this question, nor
do I wish to embarrass them in regard ?o the In*
dtan appropriation bill; but it is very obvious that
we ought to get through with that bill, and that
we shall discuss it at very great disadvantage if
we pursue the plan of dividing it between the,
remnants of different days, the Indian bill always
being in the evening. The subject of that bill is
proverbially uninteresting; and we know that it is
almost impossible to keep a quorum together at
any one time when it is under consideration. I
should much prefer that this bill be postponed
until some other day, so that we may take up the
Indian bill, and dispose of it entirely to-morrow.
[ do not think there is any public interest or ser-
vice which would suffer by that arrangement. I
would, therefore, if it be in order, move to amend
the motion of the Senator from "Virginia by
striking out "to-morrow," and inserting u the
day after to-morrow," so as to leave us tomor-
row to take up and dispose of the Indian bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. The Senator
knows there area great many amendments yet to
come in from the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and 1 do not think we can get through with that
bill to-morrow. They have kept it open now for
a long ume, but I understand they have a great
many further amendments to propose, and we
cannot get through with the bill to-morrow.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. We have only two of
three amendments, and I do not think more than
one or two of them will occasion discussion. I
feel confident, therefore, that we can get through
with the bill to-morrow,"and I am satisfied that that
is much the best arrangement.
The PliESI DING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Arkansas that the
motion which has been made to postpone the
further consideration of the question until to-mor-
row is not amendable.
Mr. BADGER. If I understandthesuggestion,
I will modify the motion.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 made the motion to post-
pone.
Mr. BADGER. 1 understand the Senator from
Arkansas to say that he thinks the Indian appro-
piiation bill can begotten through with to-mor-
row.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I think it can.
Mr. HUNTER. I have a different opinion.
I am pretty sure we cannot get through with it
to-morrow.
Mr. BADGER. I think we had better finish
something.
Mr. HUNTER. We had better finish the
veto. We cannotfinish the Indian bill to-morrow.
Mr. CASS. I desire to say something upon
the subject of the veto message. I wish to collect
some materials from the Land Office in relation to
that matter. They are in a state of preparation,
hut are not yet ready. My object is to meet some of
the statements which were made by the honorable
Senator from North Carolina; which bear, I think,
not heavily, as he intended, but unjustly on the
new States, and I wish to counteract the' effect of
them.
Mr. HUNTER. I will say to the Senator fiom
Michigan, that other gentlemen are ready to go
on with this discussion. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Brown] and others are prepared to
go on.
Mr. CASS. I spoke with relation to taking the
vote to-day.
Mr. HUNTER, i do not propose any such
thing.
Mr. BROWN. Before the vote is taken on the
veto message, I wish to give my views in regard
to it. I could go on this evening, and f will do
so, if the Senate insist upon it; but still, 1 would
