1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
praying the establishment of a post road, from
Dubuque via West Union, Auburn, and Old Mis-
sion, to Decorah; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the petition of Sam-
uel J. Peters, praying1 to be allowed for certain
spurious money received by him while collector
of customs at the port of New Orleans; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, resolutions of the Senate and House of
Representatives of the State of Louisiana, instruct-
ing their Senators and Representatives in Congress
to use their utmost exertions to procure the pas-
sage by Congress of several bills now pending,
having for their object a grant of iands by theGen-
eral Government to the Vicksburg, Shreveport,
and Texas Railroad; the New Orleans, Jackson,
and Great Northern Railroad; and the New Or-
leans, Opelousas, and Great Western Railroad
Company; which were read, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HAMLIN presented two petitions of
American citizens who were detained as prisoners
of war in Dartmoor, and other English prisons,
during the last war with Great Britain, praying
pensions; which were referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER presented the following peti-
tions remonstrating against the extension of the
area of slavery by the passage of the Nebraska
bill in its present form; which were ordered to lie
on the table:
Two petitions of citizens of New Hampshire;
Two petitions of citizens of Massachusetts; and
Petition of citizens of Ohio.
Mr. SMITH presented two memorials, numer-
ously signed by citizens of Whitney ville, Connec-
ticut, remonstiating against the renewal of the
patent of Samuel Colt for improvements in fire-
arms; which were referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Philadelphia, re-
monstrating against the removal of the United
States Mint, now in that city; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Also, a memorial signed by Henry Ailing and
one hundred and one other citizens of New Brit-
ain, Connecticut, remonstrating against the pas-
sage of the Nebraska bill m its present form; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. EVERETT presented a memorial of one
hundred and fifty clergymen of Worcester county,
Massachusetts, remonstrating against any in-
fringement of the Missouri compromise; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. COOPER presented the memorial of McCal-
mont, Geaves & Co., praying that certain duties
imposed on goods imported by them intu the port
of Vera Cruz, during the late war with Mexico,
may be refunded; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of inhabitants
of New York, praying the enactment of laws for
the protection of emigrants arriving in the ports of
the United States; which was referred to the se-
lect committee appointed to examine into the sub-
ject.
Also, a memorial of citizens of West Troy,
New Yoik, praying" that measures may be taken
to secure religious freedom to American citizens
resident abroad; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Also, a memorial of the representatives of the
New York Yearly Meeting of Friends, remon-
strating against any infringement of the Missouri
compromise; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. TOUCEY presented a memorial of citizens
of Hartford and its vicinity, Connecticut, praying
that measures may be taken to secure religious
liberty to American citizens abroad; which was
refened to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CHASE presented the memorial of Thomas
Hazen, of Ottawa county, Ohio, praying indem-
nity for losses sustained in the last war with Great
Britain; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Also, the petition of Joseph H. Riley and others,
citizens of Ohio, remonstrating against the pass-
age of a treaty for the reciprocal interchange of
copyright; which was oidered to lie on the table.
Also, the petition of James Boyd Austin and
others, citizens of Clermont county, Ohio, pray-
ing Congress to introduce such clauses into treaties
with foreign Powers, that citizens of the United
States, resident abroad, may be permitted to wor-
ship God freely and open ly; also, to build churches
and chapels; and also, to buy land wherein to in-
ter their dead, according to forms and ceremo-
monies deemed appropriate by their friends; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented a
petition of citizens of Pennsylvania, Delaware,
and New Jersey, praying a further appropriation
for the completion of the piers at Reedy Island,
in the Delaware; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a petition of citi-
zens of Montgomery county, Pennsylvania re-
monstrating against the passage of the Nebraska
bill as a breach of faith, calculated to shake the
confidence of the people in the permanency of their
political system; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented two
petitions of citizens of New Jersey, remonstrating
against any infringement of the Missouri compro-
mise; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Also, the petition of Alexander M. Cumming,
of New Jersey, praying for the passage of a law
authorizing the settlement of his accounts with the
Post Office Department upon principles of equity
and justice; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WELLER presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the rati-
fication of any treaty by which it is proposed to
establish an international copyright between the
United States and Great Britain; which was or-
dered to he on the table.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of citizens of
New York, remonstrating against any infringe-
ment of the Missouri compromise; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. WADE presented four petitions of citizens
of Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio, remonstrating against
the enactment of the bill to organize the Territory
of Nebraska in its present form; which were or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. MASON presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Virginia, relative to the claims of the
officers of the Virginia line of the Continental
establishment; relative to the satisfaction of out-
standing Virginia military land warrants; and rel-
ative to an extension of the bounty land laws;
which were read, and ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
Mr. CHASE presented the following petitions,
against the passage of the Nebraska bill in its
present form; which were ordered to lie on the
table:
Petition of electors and members of the Ohio
Washington University;
Petition of Jacob Emmons and others, citizens
of Columbiana, Stark, and Carroll counties, Ohio;
Petition of Andrew Robb and one hundred and
six citizens of New Richmond, Clermont county,
Ohio;
Petition of Benjamin E. Parker and others, cit-
izens of Huron county, Ohio;
Petition of George Gage and others, citizens of
Harrison county, Ohio;
Petition of Nathan Cook and one hundred and
one citizens of Ohio;
Petition of Benjamin Clendenon and two hun-
dred and twenty-six citizens of Ohio;
Petition of Angus Campbell and numerous citi-
zens of Mahoning county, Ohio;
Petition of Jacob Messerand numerous citizens
of Holmes county, Ohio;
Petition of M. Frazier and citizens of Holmes
county, Ohio;
Petition of Hugh Newton and one hundred and
ten citizens of Wayne county, Ohio;
Petition of R. SafFord and numerous citizens of
Muskingum county, Ohio; and
Petition of L. P. Mathews and others, citizens
of Whitefield,Ohio.
Also, the following petitions against the pas-
sage of the Nebraska bill, and praying the aboli-
tion of slavery in the District of Columbia; which
were ordered to lie on the table:
Petition of L. P. Sloan and other citizens of
Hamilton county, Ohio;
Petition of &. F. Atkins and seven other aged
citizens of Cuyahoga county, whose aggregate of
years amounted to five hundred and ninety-six;
Petition of Clarkson Burgess and other citizens
of Morgan county, Ohio;
Petition of John Patton and other citizens of
Morgan county, Ohio;
Petition of James S. McCutchen and three hun-
dred and forty citizens of Washington county,
Pennsylvania;
Petition of Joseph S. Buchanan and other citi-
zens of West Alexander, Pennsylvania;
Petition of James Loven and numerous citizens
of Indiana;
Petition of Thomas C. Noble and other citizens
of Indiana;
Petition of H. S. Scate and other citizens of
Indiana;
Petition of B. Webber and numerous citizens
of Allen county, Indiana;
Petition of Lucien Farnham and one hundred
and six other citizens of Illinois;
Petition of W. D. Johnson and numerous citi-
zens of Fulton county, Illinois; and
Petition of Garret Anderson and two hundred
and eight citizens of Illinois.
Also, the following petitions, praying the repeal
of the fugitive slave law and the abolition of
slavery in the District of Columbia; which were
ordered to he on the table:
Petition of E. G. Dudley and numerous citi-
zens of Noble county, Ohio;
Petition of Isaac Pierce and other citizens (male
and female) of Stark county, Ohio;
Petition of A. McKinney and other citizens of
New Concord, Muskingum county, Ohio; and
Petition of John Bishop and numerous other
citizens of Indiana.
Also, the following petitions, praying the abo-
lition of slavery in the Distnct of Columbia;
which were ordered to he on the table:
Petition of A. McKinney and other citizens of
New Concord, Muskingum county, Ohio;
Petition of Robert Hillesand eighty-nine citi-
zens of Stark county, Ohio; and
Petition of John P. Hale, and citizens of New
York county, New York.
Also, a petition of numerous citizens of the
United States, praying the abolition of slavery in
the District of Columbia and remonstrating against
the coast-wise slave trade, the inter-State slave
trade, and against slavery in the new Territories;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of the city of New
York, praying the enactment of a law to prohibit
the sale of slaves for debts due the United States;
which was ordered to he on the table.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. WALKER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Syl-
vester Pettibone.
Mr. FITZPATRICK gave notice of his inten-
tion to introduce a bill granting public lands in aid
of the construction of a railroad from Beaid's
Bluff, on the Tennessee river, in Alabama, to Nas-
keta, Mississippi, via Tuscaloosa, Northport, and
Gainesville, in Alabama.
REPORT FROM COMMITTEE.
Mr. FOOT. ,The Committee on Pensions have
instructed me to a?k that they may be discharged
from the further consideration of the petitions of
Mary A. M. Jones, Commodore Thomas Ap
Catesby Jones, and Captain Hiram B. Sawyer.
I will say that the committee are not prepared to
grant the prayer of these petitions; but at the
same time they do not wish to prejudice the claims
of the petitioners by an adverse report, but are of
opinion that, if provision be made for their relief,
it should be by modifications of existing general
laws. They therefore have instructed me to
move that they be discharged from their further
consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the executors of Henry
Eckford, dcce.i*<?<J5 be withdiavvn from the files of the Sen-
ate, and inferred to the Committee of Chums.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Oidered, That the petition ofObed Ilu^sey be withdrawn
front the fifes of the Senate and refened to the Committee
on Patents and the Talent Office.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Ahnanzon Huston be with-
drawn from the tiles ot the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
