1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2055
as commissioner, I know of no authority by which |!
the thing was done, i am not, therefore, prepared ij
to vote for the amendment of the Senate. j;
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. He was sent jj
thereunder the authority of a private association ]\
of this city, called the Central Association, 1 be- ■!
lieve. The Government had nothing to do wito it. \\
Mr. BAYLY. If that is,the case, then the ji
point I made  *
Mr. STANTON", of Tennessee. I rise to a i|
question of order. If I understood the gentleman is
from Virginia, he moved to strike out the Senate ij
amendment, i ask if that motion is in order. jj
The CHAIRMAN. It is tantamount to anon- jj
concurrence. The motion of the gentleman from !,
Virginia perhaps is not strictly in order. The j:
gentleman would be in order in making remarks,
if he moved to amend by reducing the amount of j;
appropriation one dollar. ||
Mr. BAYLY. As my friend from Tennessee h
[Mr. S r an l on j is disposed to be so ciiUcal, I beg* j;
leave to say to him that the word "non-concui- \\
rence,5is not an English word. [A laugh.]
Mr. STANTON. I did not use it. ;j
Mr. BAYLY. .The proper form of expression {j
would be to say that the House do not concur in ;
the amendment. I
Mr. STEPHENS,of Georgia. Willthegentle- j
man from Virginia allow me to say a word? The j
Government of the United States invited artists,
mechanics, and inventors to contribute at tides for 1 j
the industrial exhibition, and ordered a Govern- I
ment vessel to take them; but when they got to !i
Southampton, the means had not been raised for ,j
transporting them to the exhibition. Our Minis- jj
ter informed us that it would have disgraced the i
nation if they had been left m that condition. Mr. ;j
Peabody then advanced the necessary funds out |j
of his own private means to forward tnem to their ji
destination. It was to save the honor of the coun- j
try that he took this step, and through his instiu- ji
mentality the articles weie delivered. h
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I desire to say afew Jj
words. I think that this amendment of the Senate jj
ought to be adopted by this House; and the best ar- ij
gumenttoshow thatitoughlto be adopted is a letter J;
from Mr. Abbott Lawrence, then our Minister to !|
England, written to a gentleman m this city on .
the 14th of July of the present year, which letter#
I send to the Clerk's desk to be read. 1 would ji
like to say further that this letter was introduced ,
in the Serfate by Mr. Pearce, and it proved to
the Senate the necessity of this appropriation. I
ask that the Clerk may read it, as it will at once j
show the committee the merits of the question. j;
The letter was redd, as follows: ji
Boston, July 14, 1854. !,
DkarSir: I have before meyourleuer ofthe lOihiinmnt, -i
and fhould have given an earlier reply, had i been at iiome. 1
Every circumstance respecting tlie noble conduct of >lr.
George PeaUody in coming jbrwaid with a Jo-m to pay thy :
carriage upon the ineiehandii-e brought to Simthuiuipton, in
the lrigate St. Lawrence, and lor lining up tin* place al-
lotted to the United State® tor the reception ol the vauous •
articles, is tYrs-h in my memory. i
The Government of' the United States promoted the ex- ,1
hibitum, and did a& much a-s could have been expected, 1
with one exception, which was ol morn importance than 1
anything else, viz: an appropiiation of money to ca ry 1
oat the objects recommended. The commissioner catno
to me, and a&ked what he should do. I told him unless he j
would b >rrow the money to pay the expenses upon the
American articles which had arrived, and were on their
way to London, they must all be sent b-ick to the United
States, which would have proved a lasting source of morti-
fication to every true American citizen, whether at home j
or abroad. Mi Peabody called upon me to consult upon I
the matter,.is did many of our countrymen who were then j
in London, all of whom, as far as I conversed with them,
entertained the opinion that Congress would reimburse any !
one who should come forward and furni-h the means lo
C3rry forward the groat national object. Mr. Peabody, with .
that pioiuptues^ for winch he is distinguished, in Inchon- |
orable and high purposes of action, ottered to advance the j,
money, wiiu.li was accepted, to the yreat reiiei ol every '
American citi/en in Europe. Ft wav deemed a matter of ,
national honor that the I Tinted States? •snould be lepiesented !
in the Crystal Palace, after ail that had been said and printed 1
here upori the ssubj«>ct. Mr. Peabody as-nm> d these re- .j
spoiwhdities irom the highest principles of patiiotisni. It ,
was puie devotion to the honor and mteiest of hta native
land, tliat he proffered his money mr her usei. I am free ^
to say tlmt I had no doubt, under the ciicum>rar,ces attend- ;!
ing the exhibition, that Congress would meet the expenses !l
incurred in Loudon- and I cannot but hope that the eom !l
niitlee, or whoever has charge of the claim, will muko a i;
unanimous report in favor or its payment. X advu«.ed to the J
course that was adopted in London, as you, perhaps, mav >
remember, 1
I am, dear sir, very faithfully yours, I
ABBOTT LAWRENCE. },
Edward €r. TacKERMAxV, E"q., j!
National Hotel. Washington«
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I propose to
amend the amendment by reducing the sum to one ,
doil&r.
I offer this amendment for the purpose of saying
that there seems to me to be involved m this ques- ,
tion a principle which cannot be decided as a mere ,
pecuniaiy matter. This is an appropriation to 1
meet obligations resulting from a position which, ,
it has been properly stated on this floor, was in
no sense national. The person who incurred the !
pecuniary obligation which we are called upon to j
discharge, was the agent, not of the United States |
Government, but of an association m this c.ity. ,
The Government refused to recognize him as its 1
agent. It refused to recognize the Crystal Palace,
or the exhibition as one in which it could, as a i
Government, cooperate.
it is said that the honor of the country was in-
volved, and that it was to sustain this that the ;
money was advanced ! Sir, I do not admit this 1
to have been in any sense true. The national
honor was not intrusted to the keeping of this
gentleman. I deny that, because Congress chose
to assist particular individuals by the use of a
national vessel to carry them and their property ;
over to Great Britain free of expense, that any one ■
could be justified in the inference of an intention ,
to pay the expenses of their agent while there, i
This would be to tax ns for our liberality; and it [
is precisely against inferences of this kind that I j
wish th<s legislation o ' this Hous'j to operate. :
When it is once understood that Congress means :
only what it says, and nothing more, we will have
fewer applications of tins kind. There istoo great
a disposition already, and 1 fear it is increasing, ,
to forget that calls of this kind do not address
themselves to the discretion, but lo the power of j
Congress.
In this particular case Congress not only re-
fused to appoint an ugent when asked to do so, ;
but refused to acknowledge the right of any one j
to represent us in any way as nationally present j
at the exhibition; and yet we are expected, after ;
it is all over, to pay the obligations of the person, '
on the express ground of his having been our of- |
ficial representative, where we protested we had ,
no right to and would not be represented. I re- j
gret to be compelled to oppose the appropriation of 1
money for a purpose which ir. itself 1 approve, but !
there is a principle m this thing which should be
checked. These exhibitions are to occur again.
Next year there is to be one in France, and the
year after there may be another in England. This
precedent, if admitted, wiil result in far more in-
jury than can possibly result from the failure to
pay this small amount of money.
Mr. GROW. If there is a moment of the gen-
tleman's time left, I wish simply to say, that it
seems the Government furnished the means of
transporting these articles to England; and we are
now called upon to pay for our liberality. We
are calledfcpon to pay the agent for services ren-
dered to private individuals—an agent who was
not authorized by the Government, and not re-
quested by the Government to perform the ser-
vices. The services were not performed by the
Government, but by an individual citizen.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. 1 call the gentleman
to order. Ht is speaking upon the same side as
the gentleman from Louisiana.
Mr. GROW, i am speakmg in the gentleman's
time.
Mr. TAYLOR. Then the gentleman is not in
order. 1 want to speak in "opposition to the
amendment, f refrained from occupying the few
minutes to which I waa entitled, when I" rose be-
fore, thinking that the mere reading of the letter
of Mr. Lawrence, our Minister in England at the
time the expenses were incurred, would satisfy
every gentleman of the propriety of making this
allowance. As stated by my honorable friend
from Georgia, [Mr. Stephen's,] when the United
States furnished a vessel to transport the articles
furnished by our mechanics to the British ex-
hioition, they were landed on the coast at a dis-
tance from their point of destination, and some-
thing was necessary to be done to brino* them to
the place of exhibition. There was no money to
do it. An American merchant, Mr. Peabody,
one of the most upright men in the mercantile pro-
fession, an honor to the profession everywhere,
always ready to do a liberal action to his coun-
trymen, advised with the American Minister as .
to* whether, if he should advance thip money, the 1
i Congress of the United States would reimburse
' him. Mr. Lawrence thought Congress would re-
imburse him. He did advance the money, which
1 aided our American mechanics to exhibit their
inventions which did them honor the world over.
This is nothing to Mr. Peabody, personally, he
i having advanced the money to Mr. Riddle, but
! Mr. Riddle desires us to reimburse him, that he
may be able to reimburse Mr. Peabody. The
' necessity and propriety of making this appropria-
: tion is made plain by the letter of Mr. Lawrence,
! which has just been read, and there ought not to
I be a dissenting opinion. When our American
! mechanics were' in trouble, and unable to lay the
proud trophies of their genius before the world,
! an American merchant, proud of his country,
J stepped in to their aid, for the honor of his native
i country, and enabled them to exhibit the fruits
| of their skill and ingenuity, and it seems to
me thai we ought not to withhold this appropria-
: tion for reimbursing those advances,
j Mr. PERKINS, by unanimous consent, with-
! drew his amendment.
! Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move to strike
! out in the fifteen hundred and forty-fourth line, the
1 words " on account of his official position at the
; Industrial Exhibition at London, England," and 1
| insert what I send up to the Clerk's desk. I want
: to show what his position really was. Insert the
following:
: To Mr. EJvard Paddle :
Sir- You are appointed an agent to proceed to the In-
1 diu-tnul Exhibition to be held m London during the piesent
; yeui. The following instructions are lor your govern-
, ment:
| I. You are specially charged with the care and display of
■ the goods transmitted to the exhibition, under the direction
1 of the central authority of the United States.
; 2. You will at all tunes pay the utmost respect to the rules
I and r< gulatioii* of the lloyal commisbionoi  lor the airange-
I ment ofthe exhibition.
1 3. You will aid and advise American contributors or their
• agents, when called upon to do so, in the display and ar-
, rangement oi their goods.
i 4. At the clo«e of the exhibition you will make a report
j of youi proceedings utidei this appointment.
| Done at the city of Washington, January 24, 1*51, by
; order of the Executive Committee of the Central Authority
, ofthe United States. PETER FORCE, Chairman.
j Jos. C. G. Kennedy, Secretary,
< Now, it appears to me, that if we are going to
j pay this man for his services in an official ca-
j pacity, we ought to know from what source his
official capacity was derived. It was not de-
rived from this Government at ail. It was de-
rived from Mr. Perer Force and Mr. Kennedy;
arid those gentlemen, however respectable they
may be as private individuals, certainly have no,
right to confer an official character upon anyhody/
who is to be recognized as such in a general ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I should be sorry if
the gentleman's amendment should prevail. It
did not require the reading of Chat paper to show
that Mr. Riddle was not appointed to any official
position by the President of the country. But it-
is well known that a national vessel, at the ex-
pense of the Government, was furnished to con-
vey these articles to the World's Fair, m London;
and this gentleman, I well recollect, and 1 think the
'I gentleman from Virginia will also, recollect, to-
| gether with another gentleman of this city—Mr.
! Stansbury, I think was his name—were appointed
| for the purpose of facilitating the arrangement, in
j the Crystal Palace, of the articles which werecar-
' ried out in that national vessel. Now, sir, sup-
, pose that national vessel had landed these articles
! upon the shores of England 
j Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman speaks of my
J recollection. Sir, I do recollect these circ.um-
J stances well; and 1 recollect, also, that I thought
,! at the time that the whole thing was wrong. I
! thought so then, and 1 still think that it was wrong.
1 It was setting a very bad precedent; and for that
I reason, and for that alone, I aril opposing this
| amendment of the Seriate.
| Mr. TAYLOR. The gentleman from Virginia
j thinks this was a bad precedent. Sir, 1 think
t was a glorious precedent, to send a ship from this
i country—a national ship—to convey the products
| of the ingenuity of the mechanics of the country
! to the World's Fair in London. 1 trust it is a
| precedent that will be followed in all time to come,
[ whenever a like occasion presents itself. I recol-
; lect well the pride with which 1 looked upon the dis-
play of American enterprise and American inge-
i hiii'Y which i saw in that exhibition. And shall it
>1
