1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
privileges of one section of the* country. The
territories of the United States are the property of
all, and no power is given to Congress to thwart
the purposes of our fathers, and to deny to the
citizens of one part privileges which are accorded
to the other portion of the country.
He replied to the charge of a " violation of
good faith," saying that the Missouri act has
never been regarded by the North as of higher
sanctity than other laws. As to the accumulated
dangers from the passage of this bill, he remarked
that where right is, the public conviction will ulti-
mately settle. He continued his remarks until the
expiration of the hour allotted in debate, in advo-
cacy of the bill under consideration.
Mr. MAYALL delivered his views in opposi-
tion to the bill. He said that the compromise of
1850 was far more objectionable to his constitu-
ency than was that of 1820 to the people of the
South. If it was policy to repeal one compro-
mise because it was objectionable to the interests
and sentiments of one section of the country, why
not repeal another compromise which was far
more objectionable, generally, to the people of
another section ?
The object of the friends of the bill, as con-
stantly declared, was to repeal all compromises in
relation to the institution of slavery. Why not
repeal the compromise of 1850 as well as that of
1820, and all other compromises on the subject?
To carry out the idea of the friends of the bill,
they should repeal the Constitution, in order to
do away with all compromises in regard to the
institution of slavery.
This was not a question of ordinary legislation,
nor one of mere expediency or of constitutional
rights. In his opinion the question was whether
the honor of the nation should be maintained?
whether the pledges of our forefathers should be
preserved, and handed down by us to our poster- j
lty to be maintained for all time to come. '
He was not opposed to the organization of a
territorial government for Nebraska, but was
against the bill in its present shape. His objec-
tion to the bill was confined almost exclusively to
that clause which declared that the acts of 1850
rendered the compromise of 1820 inoperative and
void; thereby violating the compromise of 1850,
and plunging the country again into slavery agi-
tation. This point he argued at length, and re-
plied to the remarks made by Mr. Macdonald
some time since.
Mr. FLAGLER said that the voice of his im-
mediate constituents came to him in tones deep
and unbroken like the cataract on their borders,
earnestly remonstrating and protesting against im-
pairing the Missouri compromise, and enjoining
upon him the exercise of all the means in his
power to oppose the threatened repeal. He was
happy to say his own views and feelings were in
perfect consonance with those whom he repre-
sents. ' j
There were two great principles established at ,
an early period in our history*, first, the exercise |
of power by the Rational Legislature over the |
Territories, and secondly, the prohibition of sla- ;
very in the Territories, as embodied m the ordi- j
nance of 1787. These principles were sanctioned j
by the master-minds who framed the Constitution. ;
He then gave at length his objections to the bill ,
under consideration. j
Mr. GIDDlNGrS hailed with peculiar interest j
and joy the discussion of this great question, and i
to those who introduced it here he tendered his j
most hearty thanks. They had done more to agi- .
tate the great question of humanity in one short .
month than he had been able to accomplish in the r
twenty years he had been a member of this body. !
He would not say that he rejoiced that they had
done it in this particular manner, but he did re- !
joice that the American people were bound to con-
sider all those great and overshadowing interests
which now agitated not only this country, but Eu-
rope also.
He stood in a peculiar position. He was no
partisan; at least, he was not connected with either
of those great political parties which had hereto- ;
fore occupied the attention of the people of the !
United States, and he rejoiced that the old issues
which had heretofore divided these parties had j
subsided. The land-marks which had distin- |
guished the Whigs and Democrats had become :
gradually more and more obscure, until they had j
now disappeared; and no man cotild draw the line i
of distinction, or rally the forces of either party
upon either side of the House.
Long had he contended that all attempts by the
Government to sustain or upheld or maintain
slavery outside of the States was unconstitutional
and an invasion of the rights of the people of the
free'States,an outrage upon the Constitution,-and
a violation of the dearest rights of humanity. He
rejoiced that men were coming up to the mainte-
nance of these principles.
Mr. READY obtained the floor.
Mr. SEYMOUR. With the permission of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Ready,] I move
that the committee rise.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Mississippi. I ask per-
mission to say one word.
Mr. KEITT. I hope the motion that the com-
mittee rise will be withdrawn for a moment.
Mr. WRIGHT. I hope that no gentleman
from the State of Mississippi, holding a seat upon
this floor, would so far degrade himself as to
make a reply to the gentleman who has just
spoken.
Mr. GrDDINGS. That is the best argument
you can make, and the best one you ever did
make.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Sey-
mour's motion; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive.
The committee accordingly rose; and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, the Chaiiman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration the state
of the Union generally, and particularly House
bill No. 236, entitled " An act to organize the
Territories of Nebraska and Kansas," but had
come to no conclusion thereon.
On motion by Mr. TWEED, the House then
adjourned (at twenty minutes of four o'clock) till
to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 17, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. WELLER presented a memorial of the
officers and soldiers who were wrecked on the
steamer Winfield Scott, in the Pacific ocean, on
December 2,1853. The petitioners allege that in
consequence of this wreck, the second regiment
of infantry lost all its instruments and music val-
ued at $800; that each officer lost or had destroyed
all his necessary baggage, valued at from $450 to
$500; and that each soldier sustained a loss equal
to $100. They pray, therefore, that the several
amounts above named, be allowed theofficers and
soldiers of the regiment who were in the wreck.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
tylr. MORTON presented the memorial of
Isaac Hulse, praying indemnity for the injury
sustained by him in the erection of the barracks
of the United States at San Carlos de Barrancas,
on a part of his property; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GW1N. I present the memorial of Alex-
anders. Taylor, of Monterey, who represents that
he is in possession of certain manuscript papers
and documents of great value in elucidating the
early settlement and history of the State of Cali-
fornia, extending from the year 1770 to the year
1846; that the aforesaid papers and documents
are written in the Spanish language, with the
exception of certain portions of comments and
statistics gathered by the memorialist from old
settlers and officers serving under the government
of California prior to the 7th of July, 1846, and
copies from scarce Spanish, French, English, and
American books; that these documents and papers
are of a public character, and, if printed and pub-
lished, will be of the greatest value to the people
of the State of California, and to the interests of
the Government of the United States.
The memorialist further states that he is desirous
of extending and completing the same by the use of
the old Spanish archives of California, now in pos-
session of the United States Surveyor General of
California, and the United States Board of Com-
missioners for ascertaining and settling the land
claims of California, which are now in their respect-
ive offices in San Francisco; that he is desirous of
having this labor performed underhissupervision,
but that nis circumstances are not sufficiently-
ample to undertake the expense, and he therefore
respectfully prays that Congress will appropriate
a sum of money to insure the early printing a©d
publishing of these document, as part of the Go-
vernment .archives, the m<\st of which have never
appeared in print in any language. As it is an
interesting memorial, I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition,
signed by German inhabitants of the city of
Washington, District of Columbia, praying a re-
duction of the rates of ocean postage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
reports from standing committees.
Mr. ALLEN,from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred certain documents in sup-
port of the claim of the children of Leonard Proc-
tor to a pension for services rendered by him
during the war of the Revolution*submitted an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. M ALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill to improve the naval ser-
vice; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
j. w. kelly's contract.
Mr. MORTON. As the morning business is
through, I wish to throw myself on the indul-
gence of the Senate, and ask them to take up the
bill for the relief of John W. Kelly, It is a pri-
vate bill which has been reported from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and is
especially under my charge. I expect to leave
the city m a few days, to be absent some five or
six weeks, and I am, therefore, anxious to have
the bill considered and acted upon before 1 leave.
Mr. DAWSON. Did you write the report?
Mr. MORTON. I drew up the report, and I
can give all the necessary information in regard
to it.
Mr. DAWSON. I hope the bill will be taken
up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Postmaster General to
have the accounts of John W. Kelly, late a con-
tractor on route 3540, from Bainbridge, Georgia,
to Appalachicola, Florida, audited and settled by
the proper accounting officers, and to allow him
the contract price stipulated to be paiid him, $2,406
per annum., from September 1, 1852, to June 30*
1855, the day on which his contract would have
expired, deducting therefrom the payments here-
tofore made on account thereof; and the sum whea
so ascertained and paid shall be in full of all
claims which Kelly may have for damages in con-
sequence of the annulment of his contract on the
21st of February, 1853, by the Post Office De-
partment.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, there is a re-
port accompanying the bill, which sets forth the
facts and merits of the case. I presume, how-
ever, that it is unnecessary to read that report to
the Senate. A laconic statement of the points of
the case by me, 1 presume, will be amply suffi-
cient.
In 1852, the Post Office Department entered
into a contract with J. W. Kelly for the trans-
portation of the mail from Bainbridge, in Georgia,
to Appalachicola, in Florida. The services under
that contract commenced on the 1st of September,
1852. On the 8th day of February ensuing, the
Postmaster General, in consequence of false in-
formation, as he acknowledged, and as the party
giving it also subsequently acknowledged, an-
nulled the contract of Kelly.
Complaint was lodged against the contractor
on the 8th of February, 1853, and immediately
the contract was annulled. The postmaster at
Appalachicola, upon whose statement the contract
was annulled, subsequently acknowledged that he
had been imposed upon whilst absent from his
post, and had given false information to the Post
Office Department. But by the time when this
acknowledgment was received at the Department,
a new contract was advertised for, and a new con-
tractor placed upon the line. The true informa-
tion received by the Departments established -the
