1198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
fact that Kelly had faithfully performed the ser-
vice up to the very day and hour in which his
contract w«s annulled.
I may here remark, that the Post Office Depart-
ment pursued in this case a very singular course,
and one not usual off such an occasion, in annul-
ling the contract of Keily without calling on him
to show cause why the act should not be done.
On the 3fith of January, the postmaster at Appala-
chicola, being then confined to a sick bed in
Georgia, wrote a letter to the Postmaster General,
in which he said:
♦' I legrt:? to inform you thai Captain Kelly, the contractor
fortius route, 3540, has, like all ins predecessors, abandoned
the contract."
Upon this simple information received from the
postmaster of Appalachicola, then confined to a
sick bed m Georgia, some one hundred and fifty
or two hundred miles distant from his post, the
Postmaster General annulled the contract. The
letter was received on the 8th of February, and
on the very same day the contract was annulled.
When the postmaster of Appalachicola returned
to his post, he wrote a letter to the Department,
under date of March 24, 1853, m which he used
this language:
"At the date of my fii'j-t letter, (30th January,) 1 wan
conlined to my room by Hckness in liainbridge, when I
was waited upon by Thomas J. Kppos Fwj., one of the
itizens of Appalaciueola, then on his way to Washington,
who represented to me the tacts as set forth in my letter to
the Department. me, in addition thereto, that no
mail had been received at Appalaciueola for a long period,
and that Captain Kelly had taken command ol the Meainer
J. Jenkins Kelvin^ upon Mr. Kppes's veracity, 1 consid-
ered it my duty to inform the Department, and was much
surprised, on my recovery and return to this place, to find
that 1 had been grossly deceived, and that Captain K<lly
actually earned the mad regulaily up to the 2lst Fcbiuuty,
at winch time the boat,winch had been engaged tempoiarily,
relumed to perfbim the service longer, and I made the new
temporary contract tor a trt-weekly mail, as. authorized by
the i)opartment£uid which, 1 .un pleaded to stay, has worked
well tliub far.'1
The postmaster at Bainbridge, the other ter-
minus of tiie route, states, in a letter to the Depart-
ment, that Captain Kelly, the contractor, had
faithfully discharged his duty, li and has not, in
one instance, failed to have the mail here connect
during the whole time he has been carrying the
mail on route 3540."
Under these circumstances, sir, the memorial,
accompanied by many certificates, showing the
Large profit which the memorialist would have re-
ceived by the continuance of his contract, and the
injury which he sustained by its abrogation, was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. His losses are estimated at some
six or seven thousand dollars per annum, but the
committee have thought it to be only just and
proper lo piesent to the Senate a hill giving Mr.
Kelly the full amount of his contract price up to
the time at which it would have terminated, the
fust of July, 1855, deducting the payments made
to him.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. MALLOllY. Mr. President,! was notin
my seat when my colleague began his remarks m
relation to tins matter, and I do not know whether,
in the course of these remarks, any blame or re-
sponsibility has been thrown on the Post Oilice
Department, and I rise simply to say, in connec-
tion with this affair, that the coritiaet referred to
was annulled at the earnest solicitation of my col-
league and myself, and the former Representative
for Florida in the other House. I shall vote for
the bill, of course, with a great deal of pleasure,
and I am very glad that my colleague has brought
it forward; but I think it proper to make this
statement. We made jointly and severally the
most earnest appeals to the Postmaster General
to abolish that contract, and put the service on
another footing, and in abolishing1 the contract,
he acted entirely m compliance with our request.
There was a complaint that the service was not
being pei foimed, and to my certain knowledge two
delegations came on here to protest against the
continuance of that state of things.
I have risen merely to relieve the Postmaster
General from any imputation of haste in the
matter. I was very glad myself that the contract
was annulled. The merchants at Appalachicola
were not having their mail service done. They
had.in port shipping with one hundred and sixty
bales of cotton, and were doing an immense busi-
ness, but, according to the representations made
to us, they sometimes had no mail for thirty or
forty days.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I do.not wish
to enter into a discussion of the propriety of the
course pursued by the Post Office Department with
regard to this contract; and 1 regret even the remarks
which have been made by my colleague. I took
upon the conduct of the Post Office Department in
this whole transaction as highly culpable, and I
think my colleague is mistaken m one fact m re-
gard to it. 1 am not disposed now to go into an
elaborate discussion of the course pursued by the
Department with regard to this contract, but I wish
to correct my colleague in one thing. 1 think, on
examination of the papers on file in the Depart-
ment, he will not find that I united in any request
to the Postmaster General to nullify this contract,
or set it aside.
The mail service between these two points had
been irregular and inefficient. The inefficiency of
the service was the great thing of which the citizens
of Appalachicola complained, and 1 did unite m
many memorials and remonstrances to the Depart-
mentfpr amoreefficientservicethan theiehad been
on that route previous to that contract winch was
enteied into with Mr. Kelly, whose service com-
menced on the 1st of September, 1852 I do not
think, however, anything will be found under my
signature on the files of that Department, asking
the Postmaster General to set aside Kelly's con-
tract.
Previous to Mr. Kelly's entering into this ser-
vice theie was a contractor by the nameof Floyd,
who utterly abandoned the contract. Complaints
were placed on file in the Post Office Department
against his conduct, but the Department pursued
a very different course towards Floyd, who, per-
haps, never actually entered into the scrvice, or,
at all events, did not perform it efficiently, and
shortly afterwards abandoned it, from that which
it pursued towards Kelly. When those com-
plaints were lodged against Floyd, the Department
notified him of the allegations against him, and
called upon him to respond to the charges. Due
time elapsed, and no response was received from
him. The Post Oilice Department then nullified,
or set aside his contract. After that, an adver-
tisement was published for the stone seivice, and
the contiaet was let to Mr. Kelly. The same course
was not pursued towards Kelly, however, that had
been pursued towards Floyd. Immediately when
complaint was lodged against Mr Kelly the De-
partment set aside his contract, and since that time
the files of the Department show that the informa-
tion on which it was annulled is erroneous. 1 do
not thtnk that if my colleague examines with care
the records of the Post Office Depaitment, or the
papers oir file, he will find there any communica-
tion signed by me advising or recommending the
nullification of the contract with Kelly. It is'true,
when complaints were lodged ogairfst him, 1 ap-
pended ceitificates testifying to the respectability
and credibility of the individuals whose n*ynes
were attached to them. We members of Congress
sign a great many papers without examination,
but 1 am sure that no paper will be found in the
Department under my signature recommending
the annulment of the Kelly contract.
' Mr. MALLORV. Mr. Piesident, I think my
| remaik will be found substantially coi rect in every
. particular. T do not say that any record will be
i found of the interference of my colleague on that
| subject, but what I said was, that he himself
j personally applied to the Postmaster Geneial to
1 rescind this contract, if 1 am in enor, 1 should
; like to know it. It is so understood by myself,
i and I have always acted upon this presumption.
I so interfered, and so did Mr. Cabell, and I un-
i derstood that my colleague also peisonally so m-
, teifered, and made the request. 1 do not say that
; he signed a memorial, or a paper, but that he was
' anxious, with us, to have the contract given to
some other party, or put on a different footing,
which could only be done by rescinding this con-
tract.
Mr. MORTON. I may have united in urging
| and recommending an efficient service, though
j and on this ex parte statement, for it is nothing
1 more, f might have said, presuming the informa-
tion to be correct, that the contract ou.?ht to be set
aside. Yet, 1 think the Post Office Department
! pursued a very stringent course, to say the least
1 of it, towaids this man Kelly, and entirely difler-
I ent from the course which it had pursued towards
former contractois. But, as I before remarked, I
do not wish to go into a discussion of the action
of the Post Office Department with regard to this
contract of Kelly's, although I think it is fairly
subject to ciiucism and reprehensible remarks.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish to ascertain from the
Senators from Florida whether my understanding
of this case is correct. As I understand it, Kelly
took the contract, but was removed upon the state-
ments of the postmaster at Appalachicola that the
service was not performed. The postmaster of
Appalachicola was sick one hundred and fifty or
two hundred miles from home, when he gave
the letter referred to to a gentleman who was
coming on to Washington city. That letter was
brought to Washington and presented to the Post-
master General, and upon the information contained
in it, the order rescinding Kelly's contract was
made. When the postmaster at Appalachicola
got home, he found that he had been made an in-
strument in the hands of a man who was coming
to Washington, to make a misrepresentation of
the facts, upon which misrepresentation the Post
Office Department had acted. When he got back,
he wrt^te to the Department, saying that he had
been made an unwilling instrument to tell a false-
hood, which led to the rescinding of the contract,
when, in point of fact, there had not been a single
failure from one end of the line to the other,
from the time that Kelly took the contract. The
Department then said to Kelly, we have let this
contract so that the service may go on, and we
cannot remove the man who has now got it,
although we are sorry that you have been re-
moved on false representations, but we cannot
settle your claim, it must be referred to Congress.
The i laim is now, however, before us, and it seems
there is nobody to blame, except the man who
made the false representation, the sick postmaster
of Appalachicola, and he is to blame for the whole
of this difficulty, because he allowed himself to
be used by a man who was coming on here to have
the contract rescinded. The object was to get a
contract for a tri-weekly mail, when Kelly's con-
tract was but for a weekly mail. Kelly was re-
moved unjustly, for he never failed to discharge
his duty.
Mr. MALLORY. I have no doubt that the
honorable Senator from Georgia has correctly
stated the matter precisely as it is. However, the
only object [ had m rising at first was, as some
imputation seemed to be cast on the Postmaster
General, to shield him from anything of the kind,
atid to say that his action, whatever it was, has
been, as I understand, at the eainest solicitation
and interference of the delegation from Florida,
i who were as much mistaken about the true facts
! of the case as the Postmaster General himself.
Mr. DAWSON. Precisely.
Mr. MORTON. I do not wish to protract the
discussion on this bill. The statementof the Sen-
ator from Georgia is substantially correct. J
omitted before to say to the Senate that the order
was made by the Postmaster General with respect
to the payment of Kelly. It^shouid be borne in
moid that the contract was annulled on the 8;h
of February, and the Postmaster General, when
directing the payment to be made to Kelly for
the services which he had performed, said:
"The po-nm^tei Appalachicola having repoited the
abandonment of M'rvu-o i>v Mr. Kelly, on lalsu information
derived fioin other*, and theie being, moieover, a neeo^i-
ty foi a readveiti-ement of tin; route 10 piocnre adequate
mail facilities. (or Appalaclncohi, winch could nor l>e done
on the 7>ro rata pttnciplc, let Mr. Kelly, late eontiaetoi,
piud at hi> contract late, fioin October 1, 1KS2, to Feb-
ruary *21, subject, however, to fines and deductions."
This gave him pay from the 5th of February,
on which day the contract was annulled, until the
2Istof Febtuary, when the new services com-
menced upon that route. If Mr. Kelly had then
been considered as a defaulting contractor, this
additional pay would not have been allowed, but
he would, in common parlance, havebeen termed
"blackballed" by the Department. He is not
sn, and consequently he is now at liberty to make
any other contract. If he had been a defaulting
contractor, he would not have been paid the
amount due him even up to the 8th of February,
at the time when the contract was set aside, but
would have been subject to damages for the non-
performance of the contract. Instead of this, the
Postmaster General said, substantially, that he
was not a defaulter, but that his contract was
taken from him on false information, and, there-
