488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
PUBLIC PRINTER.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I rise to a privileged
question. It is known to this body that the pub-
lic printer of the House of Representatives has
died. According to my view of the law author-
izing the election of a public printer for the House
of Representatives, I conceive that office to be now
vacant. I therefore offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That this House will, on to-morrow, at two
o'clock, p. m., proceed to the election of a public printer
for the House of Representatives, to serve during the re-
mainder of the present Congress, in place of Robert Arm-
strong, deceased.
Mr. DEAN. I move to amend by substituting
Monday next for to-morrow.
Mr. FLORENCE. What is to become of our
printing in the mean time? Let us proceed to the
election of a public printer to-morrow; the sooner
the better.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Indiana that he make the election
for a public printer come up at once. There is no
use in appointing a time in the future for that pur-
pose.
Mr. DEAN. I believe that I have the floor.
Mr.. CAMPBELL. Understanding that the
fentlemen want a caucus over the matter I with-
raw my suggestion.
Mr. DEAN. The object in fixing Monday next
as the time for the election is because on to-mor-
row the homestead bill will be up. It has been
already under discussion, and on last Thursday
there was an endeavor to go into the Committee
of the Wholp on the state of the Union, in order
to close the five-minutes debate. 1 am of the
opinion that the homestead bill should be first con-
sidered and disposed of. There need be no haste
about this matter of the public printing. Monday
next is as soon as the House ought to be called on
to vote for a public printer. This is a matter about
which there can be no discussion, and 
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Before thegen-
' tleman calls for the previous question, I would like
to suggest that the election of the public printer
ought not to be postponed until next Monday, for
the reason that in the mean time there will be no
authority conferred on anybody to execute the
printingof the House which will necessarily occur
during the present week. The printing of bills
and reports, which are constantly presented, and
which are required by the laws to be returned to
the House the next day after they have been or-
dered to be printed, cannot be executed, because
there is no power with anybody to execute them.
Mr. DEAN. During the last Congress, for
nearly a whole session we were without a public
printer; and I can see no necessity for any par-
ticular haste in this matter now. I think the mem-
bers of the House ought to have time to consider
this matter; and that we ought to understand, also,
who we are to elect, and whether any new tests
ore to be imposed upon us by these candidates be-
fore we elect one. I call the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
man withdraw his call for a moment? 1 will re-
new it.
Mr. DEAN. For a moment.
Mr. JONES. I merely wish to say that I do
not agree with my friend who has introduced the
resolution. I do not consider that the position of
the public printer is an office of this House, or of
the Government, but that it is a contract to do
certain work.
But, sir, if it is the determination of the House
to consider it as an office, and that it is now
vacant; or that it is in such a position, whether
under a contract or office, as now requires the
action of this House, I think that we should go
into this election on to-morrow, at furthest. To
test the sense of the House whether I am right in
the estimation of the House or not, I will first, in
compliance with the promise 1 made to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Dean,] move the pre-
vious question, and then I move to lay the resolu-
tion upon the table.
Mr. DEAN. I ask the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones) to withdraw the motion for
a moment, that I may modify my motion so as
to provide that the election shall take place on
Wednesday next, instead of Monday.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I trust the gentleman
"will withdraw it.
Mr. JONES. T withdraw it.
Mr. DEAN. 1 now modify my motion by in-
serting " Wednesday " in the place of " Mon-
day." I move the previous question.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe I had the floor, Mr.
Speaker, after the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] withdrew his motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Dean,] and he
modified his motion, as the Chair holds he has a
right to do.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I appeal to the gentleman
from New York to withdraw his call for the pre-
vious question for a moment.
Mr. DEAN. I will, if thegentleman will re-
new it.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will do so. I was remarking
that I differed with my friend from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] in reference to the view he takes of
| the character of this law. The act which author-
izes the election of public printer, and which was
passed during the firstsession of the last Congress,
is in these words :
" Be it enacted, 4'c., That there shall be elected a pub-
lic ptmtcr for each House of Congress, to do the puhhc
1 printing for the Congress for wtuch he or they may be
chosen; and such printing for the Executive Departments
j and bureausof'the Governrnetuof the United States as may
be delivered to him or them to be punted by the Superin-
tendentof the public printing. The following rates, &c.,
shall be ' allowed,' " &c.
That, as I take it, creates an office, and the
printer elected under it is an officer of this House.
He is not required to give any bond for the per-
formance of the duties of the office, it is true, but
that does not change the principle involved. Sir,
he is just as much an officer of the House as the
Clerk is, or as the Speaker of the flouse of Rep-
resentatives himself is.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would ask
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Davis,] when
this law was passed creating a public printer,
whether it was not intended to be something more
than a mere contract; whether it did not involve
the idea of trust and confidence, of personal fitness
J and qualifications? I contend that it was not to be
assignable, and that the benefits of it would not
descend to the heirs.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURN. I ask whether that was
not the argument used in favor of that law?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not remember what were
the arguments used in reference to this matter; I
desire nothing further than the act itself to con-
vince me that the public printer is as much an offi-
cer of this House as your Clerk, Sereeant-at-Arms,
Postmaster, or the Speaker. We did not elect the
printing establishment as the public printer. We
elected an individual as such officer; and the law
provides that the public printing shall be presented
to and be done by that person, and not by the
establishment, not by the "Union "office. When
that individual ceases to live the office expires
with him, and cannot descend, by any fair and
liberal construction of the law, to his heirs, exec-
utors, or administrators. I will not detain the
House with arguments in reference to this ques-
tion, for it seems to me to be soclearand palpable
a matter that " he who runs may read." In com-
• pliance with my promise to the gentleman from
] New York, [Mr. Dean,] I renew the demand for
! the previous question.
j The SPEAKER. The resolution offered by the
j gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Da>is] proposes to
! go into the election of a public printer to-morrow,
at two o'clock. Thegentleman from New York
l [Mr. Dean] moves to strike out the words " to-
| morrow," and insert the words " Wednesday
I next." Thegentleman from Indiana [Mr. Davis]
demands the previous question.
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentleman
from Indiana withdraw the demand for the previ-
ous question for a moment? I should like to make
a brief explanation in regard to this matter.
| Mr. DAVIS. I do not like to withdraw it.
j Mr. JONES. As the gentleman does notwith-
j draw the demand for the previous question, I
. move to lay the resolution upon the table.
; Mr. WALKER. Upon that motion I demand
I the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. j
! The question was then taken upon Mr. Jones's
motion; and it was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to lay£he resolution upon
the table.
Upon the demand for the previous question, a
division being had, there were—ayes 76, noes not
counted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers, which were ordered; and Messrs. Hamil-
ton and Campbell were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 77, noes 45.
The previous question having received a second,
the main question was then ordered to be put.
The question being first upon the amendment
to strike out " to-morrow" and insert " Wednes-
day next" was put, and, upon a division, 52 rose
in the affirmative.
Mr. WALSH. I demand tellers upon the
adoption of the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Church-
well and Campbell were appointed.
Mr. CUTTING. Is it in order to take the
question first upon striking out and then upon in-
serting?
The SPEAKER. It is not. Under parlia-
mentary law the question would be divisible, but
by an express rule of the House the motion to
strike out and insert is indivisible.
The question was again put; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 72, noes 68.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for theyeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, Ball, Bell, Bennett, Benson,
Breckinridge, Bugs, Campbell, Carpenter, Camthers, Ohna-
man, Cook, Corwm, Craiye, Crocker, Cullom, Cutting,
Thomas Davis, Dean, Diek, Drum, Dunbar, Eastman,
Edgerton, Edmands, English, Erheridge, Ewing, Farley^
Fenton, Flagler, Giddings, Goodrich, Green, Grey, Har-
lison, Haven, Hiester, Hushes, Hunt, Daniel T. Jones,
Kerr, Kmredge, Knox, Lamb, Laiham, Lindley, Lmds-
lev, McCulloch, McMulJin, Macy, Matteson, Maurice,
Middlesvvarth, John G Miller, Morrison, Nichols, Noble,
Norton. Pennington, Phillips, Pratt, Preston, Puryear, Da-
vid Kjtehie, Kowe, Kuffin, Russell, Safoin, Sage, Sapp,
Hejmour, Hhaw, Shower, Simmons, Cerrit Smith, George
W. Smyth, Fiedenck P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Straiton, Stiaub, Andrew Stuart, John L.Taylor, Thurs-
ton, Tjaey, Tiout, Upham, Wade, WaMi,Ell?liu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, John Wentworth, Tappaa Went-
worth, Westbrook, Yates, and Zolhcofter—96.
NAYS—Messrs. James C.Allen, Ashe,ThomasH. Bayly,
Banks, Baiksdale, Barry, Belcher, BisseU, Bocoek, Boyee,
Bridges, Ca*>kie, Chamberlain, Chandler,Chastam,Church-
well,Clark, Clmgman, Cobb, Cox, Curtis, John G. Davis,
Dawson, Dent, Dovvdell, Edmundson, Ellison, Faulkner,
Florence, Fuller, Gamble, Greenwood, Grow, Hamilton,
Wiley P. Hairis, Having?, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hill,
Inger<oll, Johnson, George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt,
Kuitz, Lane, Letcher, Lilly, Macdouald, McDougall, Mc-
Nair, Maxvvfll, Maya!!, Smith Miller. Millson, Olds, An-
drew Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peck, Peekham, Bishop Perkins,
John Perkins, Phelps, Ready, Reese, Richardson, Riddle,
Thomas Ritchey, Robbing, Seward, Skelton, Samnol A.
Smith, William R. Smith, Hestor JL. Stevens, Tweed, Vail,
Nansnnt, Walbndge, Walker, Warren, Wells, Witte,
Daniel B. Wright, and Hendrick B. Wright—86.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the resolution
as amended, and it was adopted.
Mr. DEAN. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put on the latter motion, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of taking up the special
order.
STEAM FRIGATE BILL.
Mr. BOCOCK. I appeal to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to withdraw his motion, to
enable me to make a motion, "with a view to bring
before this House, at an early day, the bill to au-
thorize the construction of six steam frigates.
Will the gentleman do it?
Mr. DAWSON. I withdraw my motion for
that purpose.
Mr. BOCOCK. I wish to make a motion in
relation to this subject, and I am perfectly willing
to consult the temper and wishes of the House as
to the particular motion that I shall submit.
I suppose that almost every member of this
House, if not everyone, is perfectly satisfied, as
every member of the Senate was satisfied, that
there is a propriety in the passage of this bill, and
its immediate passage. If I was certain that that
was the temper of the whole House, the motion
that T would make would be to suspend the rules,
for the purpose of taking up the Senate bill, with
a pledge on my part, that if no one else wished to
