1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
urn
fore, that he should be paid not only up to the 8th
of February, when his contract was annulled, but
also up to the 21st of February, when the new
contractor commenced the service.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
PORT HURON AND LAKE MICHIGAN RAIL-
ROAD,
Mr. SHIELDS. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill granting
the right of way over, and depot grounds upon,
lands belonging to the United States at and near
Fort Gratiot, in the State of Michigan, to the Port
Huron and Lake Michigan Railroad Company,
have instructed me to report it back with an
amendment in the form of a substitute. If there
be no objection, I ask for^its consideration at this
time.
The bill was accordingly considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The amendment of the committee was to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and insert the
following:
That the President of the United States be, and he is
hereby, authorized to grant to the Port Hmon and Lake
Michigan Railroad Company the right of way upon land
reserved for military purposes at Fort Gratiot,* in the Sute
of Michigan ; and also the right to take and use other land**
belonging to the United States at the same place for the
necessary depots: Provided, That he shall be of opinion
that the said grantslvvill not he detrimental to the public
interest, and that the company pay into the Treasury of The
United Stales the appraised value of the premies required
for the depGts and other necessary buildings, to be determ-
ined by such officer or officers of the Engineer Corp?, or
such other person or persons as the Department may des
innate for that purpose: And provided farther, That the,
location and width ot tne road-way, and the location and
boundaries of the depot ground.-?, and alvo the conditions on
which they are to be po^essed and improved shall be de
termined under the authority, and with the approval of the
President: JlndprovidedJnrther, That if &aid railroad and
depots shall not be completed within years, or it at
any time after completion the use of said railroad or de-
pGts be discontinued or abandoned, the said grant shall
cease and determine.
Mr. IIUNTER. 1 desire to ask the Senator
from Illinois if this right is left to the discretion of
the President or Secretary of War, or whether it
is imperative?
Mr. STUART. It is discretionary.
Mr. SHIELDS. This has been prepared in
concert with the War Department.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will suggest
that there is a blank in the amendment which
should *be filled.
Mr. STUART. Fill it with "ten," so as to
make it 'Men years,"
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection
that will be done.
There was no objection.
The amendment of the committee was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
the amendment was concurred in, the lull was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
a third time, and passed.
LIEUT. STRAIN'S DARIEN EXPEDITION.
Mr. CLAYTON. It will be recollected, Mr.
President, that an expedition commanded by
Lieutenant Strain, and under the protection of the
United States, was sent to the Isthmus of Darien
for the purpose of ascertaining, in conjunction
with a similar expedition on the part of the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain, the practicability of a
canal route across the Isthmus of Darien. A de-
tachment from a United States man-of-war was
sent for that purpose, and penetrating the Isthmus,
lost their way. It was generally believed, for a
long period of time, that they had perished mis-
erably in that wilderness. It turned out at last,
however, that they were saved by a boat's crew
from her Britannic Majesty's man-of-war Vi-
rago. In order to enable the Senate to under-
stand the purpose which I have in view in offering
the joint resolution which I desire to introduce, 1
will now read a part of a letter written by Lieu-
tenant Strain to Commander Edward Marshall,
of the Virago, acknowledging the setvices ren-
dered. The letter is dated " United States Darien
Expedition, Cantonment of La Palma, Darien
Harbor, April 8, 1854." After a full account of
all the dangers incurred, and the services of the
boatsmen m behalf of the detachment, Lieutenant
Strain closes his letter thus:
" Owing to the supply of provisions and clothing which
we have received from the Virago, we have now nothing
to desire, while the assiduous intentions of your medical
officers have removed all, as we have every reason to hope
and believe, beyond the reach of danger."
"To tbe energy and activity of the commander of the
relief paityj Lieutenant W. C. Forsyth, we owe much, as
the condition of some members of our expedition was so
precarious, that even a lew hours afterwards, we should
have arrived too late. To him, Dr. William Ross, and Pay-
master W. H. Hills, and the men composing the crew of the
paddle box boat, you will please communicate my thanks,
and those of my party; and I am well aware that it must
be a souice of intense satisfaction to them to know that,
had it not been for their well directed efforts, thirteen suffer-
ing men must mevitDbly have perched miserably, notwith-
standing every efloit which 1, or the others composing the
advanced guard, might have made to save them."
It will be seen, then, from the testimony of our
own officer that thirteen suffering Americans were
saved by these officers and crew of the British
ship. In order to make some acknowledgment to
them for this act of humanity and generosity, I
beg leave, by the unanimous consent of the Senate,
to introduce a u joint resolution manifesting the
sense of Congress towards Commander Edward
Marshall, commanding her Britannic Majesty's
ship Virago, and the officers and crew who
were detached by his order for the relief of the
surveying party under the command of Lieuten-
ant J. G. Strain," for the purpose of having it
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Unanimous consent was given to the introduc-
tion of the joint resolution, and it was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
The joint resolution proposes to request the
President of the United States to procure gold
medals with suitable devices, one to be presented
to Commander Edward Marshall, ofher Britannic
Majesty's ship Virago, one to W. C. Forsyth,
First Lieutenant of the Virago, one to Dr. Wil-
liam Ross, and one to Paymaster W. H. Hills,
as a testimonial of national gratitude for their
generous and humane conduct in extending timely
relief to the surveying party under command of
Lieutenant Strain. It also authorizes the Presi-
dent to cause to be paid to each of the boat's crew
j who were engaged in the rescue of the said sur-
i veying party, the sum of one hundred dollars
each as evidence of the high sense entertained by
the Congress of the United States of their gener-
ous assistance.
AFRICANIZATION OF CUBA.
Mr. MALLORY. Before the special order is
taken up, I ask the Senate to consider the resolu-
tion which I submitted yesterday, and which was
laid over on the objection of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] I desire merely to
have it referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, without discussion.
The PRESIDENT, if there be no objection
the resolution will be considered.
Mr. SUMNER. I understood from the hon-
orable Senator, yesterday, that he did not desire
l o consider the resolution at this time.
| Mr. MALLORY. That is precisely my desire,
' not to have it. debated at this time, but to send it
1 to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
! Mr. SUMNER. The resolution, as 1 urnler-
! stand it, cannot go to the Committee on Foreign
| Relations without seeming to receive a sanction
> from this body.
j Mr. MALLORY. Well, sir, that is a matter
j for the body to determine; and 1 now ask the
! Senate to consider and refer it to the committee.
' A resolution was introduced sometime ago by the
, Senator from Louisiana, and discussed somewhat,
! and referred to that committee; and I shall bepre-
i pared to discuss the whole subject when a report
1 shall be made by that committee.
| Mr. CHASE. Let the resolution be read,
j The PRESIDENT. The question is on refer-
ring it to the Committee on Foreign Relations. It
will be read.
The resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That the recent acts and declarations of the
Cuban authorities, considered in connection with Spain's
pa^t policy with reference to that i=!aud. are calculated to
excite the just apprehensions of the Government of the
United States, of a settled design to throw Cuba ultimately
into the hands of its negro population, and to revive thcie,
within a few hours' sail of our shore*, the scenes of San
Domingo's revolution, a result which the United States
will deem alike inconsistent with their progress, their,
prosperity, and the civilization ot the age.
Mr. CLAYTON. 1 think there need be no
hesitation in referring the resolution to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. If the vote on the
question of its reference would be considered as
an indorsement of the propositions contained in
the resolution, the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts would be justified in his objection j but
I think he is. mistaken in regard to that. • The
mere reference of the resolution to the committee
expresses no opinion whatever, on the part of the
Senate, in regard to the proposition in the resolu-
1 tion. It is., in fact, a mere resolution of inquiry;"
and, as such, it seems to me, the Senator snould."
make no objection to its reference. . -
Mr. CHASE. The resolution asserts certain
facts. I do not see how it is possible for the
Senate even to refer a resolution of that abstract
character without appearing at least to give a
sanction to the propositions contained in it; and,'
for one  I am not willing to observe silence while
a resolution of that sort receives the action of the
Senate.
1 am sure the Senator from Florida will not
suspect me of any desire to throw any obstacle
whatever in the way of a simple resolution of in-
quiry, if he proposed to address such a resolution
to the Committee on Foreign Relations. There
is no Senator upon this floor to whose action I
should be more unwilling to take any exception,
than to that honorable Senator; but, sir, in my
judgment, this resolution goes something further
than a mere inquiry. It asserts distinct facts—
facts running through a long line of policy, alleged
to have been pursued on the part of the Spanish
Government; and I think, before it is referred, it
ought to receive some discussion on this floor. Sp
far as I have anything to say upon it, I could
proceed as wellut this time as at any other; but it
seems to me, in view of the business before the
Senate, it would be better to postpone the consid-
eration of it until, to-morrow, and then take it up
during the morning hour.
Mr. MALLORY. I was not prepared for such
object ions as these. If the resolution does set
forth facts, they are facts that 1 assume, and that
I expect, if I have an opportunity, to sustain, and
they are not facts set forth by the Senate, or sanc-
tioned by the Senate as facts; but the object of
referring the resolution is to ascertain whether the
Committee on Foreign Relations will give it are-
port or not. I do not come here at this hour to
ask the sanction of the Seriate upon the resolution.
I have no doubt of convincing the Senate when
the proper-time arrives, that the resolution asserts
nothing but facts, and, sir, I feel that it is nothing
hut an act of courtesy to myseif—the honorable
Senator from Ohio having permitted the former
resolution, submitted by the Senator from Lou-
isiana, [Mr. Sudell,] to go to the Committee on
Foreign Relations—that this resolution should
also go to that committee, it being on the same
subject. I can see no object to beattained in post-
poning it until ^to-morrow; because I want to
avoid discussion; I do not seek it now; I am not
disposed to discuss this measure by halves; but I
want it discussed thoroughly, when the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations have reported.
Mr. WELLER I do not think that the refer-
ring of this resolution to the Committee on Foreign
Relations commits the Senate to an indorsement
of its propositions. Suppose that a constituent of
my friend from Florida made the same statement
by way of a memorial to the Senate. Upon the
introduction of that memorial, it would be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and then,
when the subject was reported to the Senate, we
could enter upon a general discussion of the ques-
tions raised.
And certainly the Senate ought to extend the
same rule to one of its own members as to one
who stands outside, and Approaches us by way
of memorial or petition. That I consider is the
whole question. The Senator from Florida con-
siders those facts to be true, and asks that the
Committee on Foreign Relations may be author-
ized to investigate the subject. When their report
comes here, the Senator from Ohio will have an
opportunity of entering into the discussion.
Mr. STUART. It seems to me, 1 submit to
the Senator from Florida, that this thing may
be disposed of very easily by striking out the
word 14 that"following " resolved," and inserting
'' that the Committee on Foreign Relations be in-
stiucted to inquire whether," and then let the
words of the resolution go on as they now stand.
Nobody will be committed by that.
Several Senators. Move to amend the reso-
lution.
Mr. STUART. I will move that amendment.
