1200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17.
Mr. MALLORY. I haye no objection to so
modifying the resolution.
The resolution as modified was agreed to.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report in favor of printing
two thousand additional copies of Captain Lo-
renzo Sitgreave's report on the expedition down
the Zufii and Colorado rivers, and five thousand
copies of the report of the expedition of Captain
Marcy on the head waters of Red river. This
report is made after a careful investigation; and
the number is all we esteemed necessary, and it is
deemed that the public service require that they
should be printed.
Mr. GWIN. I,move that there be three thou-
sand of each printed. They are both very val-
uable documents.
The amendment was agreed to; and the report
as amended was concurred in.
SENATE REPORTING.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am anxious to dispose of a
resolution which is pending before the Senate,
providing for publishing the debates and proceed-
ings of the Senate. I will call it up, provided it
is not to lead to debate. If it should lead to de-
bate, I should certainly be unwilling to do so, and
thus interfere with the time of the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi. I should like the honor-
able Senator to signify whether it will interfere
with him. '
Mr. BROWN. I should prefer to proceed
now.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will call it up immediately
after the honorable Senator has got through.
INDIGENT INSANE BILL VETO.
On the motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate
resumed the reconsideration of the bill making a
grant of land to the several States of the Union,
for the benefit of indigent insane persons, which
had been returned by the President of the United
States, with his objections.
Mr. BROWN then roseand addressed theSen-
ate, on the veto message. A report of his speech
will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 move to postpone the further
consideration of this subject until to-morrow, for
the purpose of taking up (he resolution which I
offered the other day respecting the publication of
our debates.
The motion was agreed to.
THE DEBATES OF THE SENATE.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the resolution submitted by Mr. Brjght, on
Thursday, the 11th instant.
Mr. BRIGHT. I modify my resolution by
striking out all after the word 44 Resolved," and
inserting:
That the Secretary of the Senate contract with the pro-
prietor.-of the Washington Sentinel for the daily publica-
tion of the proceedings and debate* of the Senate in that
paper, provjdf d the same can be done at a price not ex-
ceeding $4 50 per column.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK When this question was
under consideration the other day, a great deal
was said in reference to the reporting done by the
Union, and the fact that that paper was engaged
to report the proceedings of the Senate-was urged
as an argument why we should put other papers
in this District upon the same footing. Since the
adjournment on that day, I have received a com-
munication from the editor of the Union, which 1
desire to have read to the Senate.
The Secretary read the communication, as fol-
lows:
Union Office, May 12, 1854.
Dear Sir: T see from the debate in the Senate on yes-
terday that the subject of publishing the proceedings and
debates of that body is creating some degree of embarrass-
ment. My object in addressing you thus note is to remove
all cause for embarrassment far as the Union is con-
cerned. By reference to General Armstrong's letter to the
Secretary of the Senate, dated February 11, 1854, you will
see that he asked to he relieved frotn his engagement to pub-
lish the entire proceedings and debates of the Senate, and
that the arrangement should cease from that date. His
,letter was laid before the Senate, but the only action taken
was to refer it to the Committee on Printing. Not being
disposed to abandon the arrangement without the consent
of the Senate, General Armstrong, on the advice of the
chairman of the committee, as I understand, felt it his
duty to go on under the arrangement until the Senate
should take further action. Upon the death of General
Armstrong, T became the proprietor, and inferred from the
fact that he had continued to execute the arrangement up
to his deatn, and seeing that the Senate had taken no action,
tbat it was the wish of the Senate that the arrangement
should continue. I accordingly addressed a note to the
Committee on Printing, expiessinir my willingness to go on
with the former arrangement. I have continued, to publish
the proceedings and debates of the Senate up to the present
time, executing the arrangement with all the dispatch that
was practicable. I knew that the arrangement had yielded
no profit Jo General Armstrong, and I anticipated none to
myself; but as [ &uppo.<*ed the Senate deemed it important
to give to their proceedings an exten-ive circulation, I was
willing to contribute all in my power to that end. As the
publication in the Union of the entire proceedings and de-
bates of the Senate is a matter of no pecuniary interest to
me, and as I see from the dehate yesterday that it is not
regarded, by some of the Senators, as a matter of benefit to
the country, I respectfully request you to leheve the Sen-
ate of any embarrassment growing out of the former ar-
rangement with the Union, by signifying my readiness to
terminate the arrangement with this date. I beg leave to
add, that I shall continue to keep a reporter in the Senate,
and will endeavor to do as full justice to the publication of
the proceedings of the body as their importance, and my
obligations to the other House will allow.
With sentiments of high regard. I am very respectfully,
your obedient servant, A. O. P. NICHOLSON.
Hoi/. Benjamin Fitzpatrick,
Chairman Committee on Printing, 4'c.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Now, Mr. President,
we have got precisely to the point at which I
stated, when this matter was under consideration
the other day, I hoped we should get. If I under-
stand the amendment which has been made to the
resolution, it contemplates simply authorizing the
Secretary to contract with the Sentinel alone. It
seems to me somewhat strange, wtfen two papers
j like the Intelligencer and the Union, which have
been so long established here, could not maintain
; themselves at the price paid by the Senate for this
i service, that the Sentinel, or any other paper estab-
' lished so recently, should be anxious to seek such
a position.
I am in favor of placing the proceedings of this
body in such a shape as will preserve them; and
I think that can be done in the way which 1 inti-
mated, when I formerly addressed the Senate upon
this question. The paper which is now the sole re-
porter for this body—the Globe—if 1 am correctly
informed, circulates very extensively throughout
the Union, and exchanges, perhaps, with seven
tenths of the papers throughout the country. Jf
that be the fact, all the information in regard to
our proceedings which is necessary for the en-
lightenment of the country, can be found in that
paper. It certainly cannot be for the purpose of
enlightening the Senate, that it is proposed to add
an additional reporter. Both the papers to which
I have referred were engaged in this business. One
of them, the Intelligencer, long since declined it;
and the communication which has just been read
shows that the other cannot sustain itself at the
price paid, and avers that this service has never
been the source of any pecuniary profit to the pro-
prietor in the transaction of his business. With
these facts before us, and with the heavy printing
items which form a portion of the expenses of this ■
body and of the other House, it seems to me that
it is utterly useless to add a third paper to the list
of reporters here. If the Senate pay any attention
s to the vast expenditure going on in this body and
| the other House, the cost of printing is a matter
| worthy of the consideration of the Senate. 1
j have been at some pains to ascertain the amount
I of money paid annually by this body and by the
; House of Representatives for these purposes, and
1 I will endeavor (without attempting to trespass
' too long on the attention of the Senate, for I have
i already occupied more of their time than I desired
| to do) to present some of these items. I will take
I as a basis the reporting for the Globe which is
| put down by a gentleman who I presume thor-
| oughly understands this matter, and who bases
I it on statistics before him, as costing about
: §17,372. That is the actual price, 1 believe, for
! the Thirty-Second Congress, assuming the Sen-
j ate's debates to be equal to those of the House.
• That is based upon the assumption that the cost
! of reporting is $4- 74 per column, as stated in Mi.
J Rives's letter. Then the cost of the mere print-
j ing is stated in the calculation which I have before
; me at $10,769 These two items make an aggre-
; gate of $28,141, as the cost of reporting and
j printing in the Globe for a Congress, and that
| was the sum paid. The gentleman who made
j this statement says "the above statement is based
j on the number of columns the debates made for
j the Thirty-Second Congress, assuming that the
: Senate is equal to the House."
i The Senate subscribes for seven hundred and
| forty-four copies of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix, which, at nine dollars per Congress,
amounts to $6,696. That, added to the total for
reporting and publishing m the Daily Globe, makes
$34,837. I add to that $10,000 for other itema,
and this would make a total of §44,837 per Con-
gress, for the debates of the Senate in the Globe.
That is quite a large item. I exclude from this
calculation the probable cost of paying the three
papers, which it was at one time proposed to em-
ploy to publish the proceedings. I find that the
total paid by the House of Representatives for the
Thirty-Second Congress, for these purposes, was
$103,807 84. Of this sum $31,995 was paid for
the publication of the proceedings in the Daily
Globe, and $71,812 84 for the Congressional Globe
and Appendix, making a total of $103,807 84.
The amount actually paid for books, during the
Thirty-Second Congress, was $384,000. I exclude
from this calculation many books which have been
paid for by the Senate, and by the other House.
The work of Mr Schoolcraft, and some other
works, are not included in this calculation Since
the Senator notified me that he was about to call
upthis resolution, I have not had time to look into
all the statistics; but the sum annually paid by this
body and by the other branch of Congress, for the
publication of books and for the reporting of the
two Houses, as exhibited in the statement I have
made, amounts to $532,644.
Mr. WELLER. We pay more than $200,000
a year in the State of California alone for our
public printing.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. California is scarcely
a fair example for the rest of the Union in matters
of expenditure. In that State they deal in much
larger figures, and on a much larger scale than we
do in this part of the country." Now, without
intending to. be troublesome, or to obtrude my
remarks on this body, and without the least hope
of influencing any gentleman on this floor, I have
deemed it my duty to submit these facts to the
consideration of the Senate. I have endeavored
to show them the vast amount of money annually
expended, and to show that if the Sentinel be
placed upon the list of reporters it certainly cannot
maintain itself. The result will surely be that we
shall be called upon, at the close of the session, to
make additional compensation. That paper must
incur serious loss in publishing our proceedings.
Why the Intelligencer and Union, with their vast
circulation, are to be excluded, and the Sentinel
alone added to the list of reporters, is to me a
mystery. If it be the settled determination of the
Senate to place any one paper in this District
on the footing on which it is now proposed to
place the Sentinel, I hold it to be but fair that all
the papers here should be placed on the same
footing. But, sir, as I remarked before, I am not
disposed to ohtrude my views, which may per-
haps be peculiar to myself, upon the consideration
of this body; and if it is the sense of the Senate,
that they will add the Sentinel, 1 am inclined to
think the other papers should be placed upon the
same footing. Whether they would undertake
to perform the service or not 1 cannot say. We
have the fact before us that one paper, which had
a contract, relinquished that contract, and has not
reported the proceedings of the Senate during the
last two or three years, and the other has given
up its contract within the last few days; and the
proprietor of the only remaining paper, which
does publish our proceedings, has stated, in the
face of the Senate, that he cannot live at the prices
now paid him. I leave the question for the Sen-
ate to determine.
Mr. JOHNSON. We have now but one paper
which reports or prints the proceedings of tnis
body, and that is the Globe. At present, we have,,
no contract whatever with the Union, the Intelli-
gencer, or the Sentinel. The proposition now
before us is an entirely new one; it does not refer
to reporting at ail, but proposes to pay the Senti-
nel $4 50 a column for printing our proceedings.
I am not prepared to vote for that proposition
when the other papers are not considered in refer-
ence to the matter, and when f know, and every
one here must know, that if this were a fair and
good business for them, and if the price proposed
would afford a reasonable profit, they would all
be demanding the work at that price. If we pur-
sue this course of providing for each paper sepa-
rately, we have to consider each case seriatim, and
each requires as much time for its discussion as
would be required to dispose of the whole question
at once.
