1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2059
An act establishing a port of delivery upon
Lake Pontchartrain, and for other purposes.]
Mr. CH AS TAIN. I ask leave to withdraw
certain papers from the files of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, the subject matter of them
having been disposed of in the Indian appropria-
tion bill.
There was no objection, and leave was granted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 would sug-
gest to the gentleman from South Carolina that he
withdraw his motion, and allow the gentleman
from Alabama to renew his. Then let us adjourn,
and come here in the morning and dispose of this
bill.
Mr. ORR. I will state to the gentleman from
Maine 
The SPEAKER. The Chair must arrest the
gentleman from South Carolina, and declare that
debate is out of o'der.
Mr. WALSH. I demand tellers upon the mo-
tion to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jones, of
Louisiana, and Grey, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported— ayes 71, noes 53.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of tbeWholeon thestateof theUnion,
(Mr. Orr in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the amendments of the Senate to the
civil and diplomatic bill.
One hundred and twenty-ninth amendment:
Strike out ".$97.200,and insert m lieu thereof
il $160,000," so that the paragraph will read:
For bahiues and commissions of renters of larnl offices
and receiveis of public moneys, .>160,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, I move to
amend the amendment by adding the words;
" —but no part ol the incrpased salaries herein provided lor j
shall take cfl'oct until alter {he termination of the pie.sent '•
Congress.'5 i
The Chair will perceive that I have offered this J
amendment for the purpose of enabling me to sub- j
mit a word or two m order. j
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no increase of sal- |
ary provided for by the amendment. !
Ms. MILLSON. Well, then, let the amend- j
ment read, " no part of the sum herein provided !
for," (fee. If the amendment be adopted, it will i
give us, at the next session of Congress, the op- I
portunity of revising and repealing this appropn- !
-ation. Now, sir, I have very little confidence in j
appropriations which shall bp made from now to ;
the close of the session. There are but three days j
of the session remaining, unless there bean exten- ;
sion. Whenever a question comes up, there is an j
evident impatience in the committee. There is a !
call for " Gtuestion 1" " Question !" Gentlemen
are forced to vote without due reflection or delib-
eration; and many gentlemen are prevented from
engaging m debate, which 1 think, so far, has been
a very profitable one, and not at all abused, by the
evident impatience of the committee. The very
gentlemen who, in the face of the protest of many
of us, determined to close the session on the 4th
of August——-
Mr. HOUSTON. T call thegentleman to order.
I ask that he be confined to a discussion of his
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hopes that the
gentleman will confine his remaiks strictly to his
amendment.
Mr. MILLSON. I have confined my remarks '
to my amendment. j
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sees in one way |
how the remarks of the gentleman may be made J
applicable to his amendment. \
Mr. MILLSON. My amendment was worded ]
with a view to enable me to make a few remarks j
in order. When interrupted, I was going on to 1
say that the gentlemen who insisted on closing
the session on the 4th of August, ought not to ex-
pect that those who objected to so early an adjourn-
ment on the ground that there was not sufficient I
time left for a mature consideration of these ques- '
tions, should-abstain from that discussion which is i
necessary to their being properly understood. I i
haye but little fear of the votes of the House, j
when these votes are the result of proper discus- I
sion, but I do very much apprehend danger m i
j what will take place when there is no deliberation.
| I have oiFered the amendment for the purpose of
; making these remarks, and now withdraw it.
The question was taken, and the amendment
i of the Senate was concurred in.
i One hundred and thirtieth amendment:
j In line one thousand five hundred and seventy seven strike
i out " $14,600," and insert <£ $50,000," so as to make the
j clause read:
i For expenses of depositing public moneys, by receivers
of pubhc moneys, #5D,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, The committee
recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and thirty-first amendment:
In lines one thou.->and five hundred and seventy-nine and
, one thousand five hundred and eighty strike out •• iS'l^lOO"
, ami insert the words u including new officers not hereto-
, fore provided for, $40,000 so that the clause as amended,
I \votiid read:
; For incidental expenses of the several land offices, in-
j eluding new offices not heretofore provided for, $40,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
! recommend a concuirence.
i The amendment was concurred in.
! One hundred and thirty-second amendment:
For salaries of registers and receivers in Oregon and
1 Washington Territom>, or so much thereof as may be ne-
; ees'sarj'. per acl of 17th July, 1854, $9,000
: For office rent, fuel, ami l.ihoi lot f-aul offices, $4,000.
For iron sates for receivers, and lor books, stationary,
1 and furniture, $'j,000.
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
recommend a concuuence.
i The amendment was concurred in.
! One hundred and tlmty-third amendment:
j For surveying the public land.- and private land claims m
, California, including office expenses incident to the survey
j of claims, and to be di-burt-ed at the lates pie cribed by
! law lor the diffeiem kinds ol work, £300,000.
, Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
1 recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and thirty-fourth amendment:
Foi rent of survevor general's office m California, pur-
chase of ui'huiijiMite-, recoul--, drawing materials, furniture,
fuel, pay ol messengers, $18rJU0.
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundied and thirty-fifth amendment:
j For compensation of draftsmen and clerks, m addition
to the amount heretofore estimated, the same being lequired
in eoiiscrjiienee of the increased amountot lield-woik pio-
: posed to be executed, P21,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and thirty-sixth amendment:
For surveying standard parallel and meridian lines 111
' Washtns^ton Territory, (an estimated distance of five Inm-
■ dred miles,) $10,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
recommend a concurrence.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I move that
the committee rise. We have been sitting here
six hours and a half.
The question was taken upon Mr. Taylor's
motion; and it was decided m the negative.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question then recurring upon concurring
with the Senate amendment,
Mr. HOUSTON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Matteson,
and Jones, of Louisiana, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes, 84, noes 12.
A quorum not voting, the Clerk proceeded to
call the roil, when the following gentlemen failed
to answer to their names.
Messrs Abercromhie, Ashe, Ball, Bank^, Barrv, Bell,
Benton, Bi-sel!, Bh-^, Breckinridge, Bridges, Brooks, Car
penter, C.iskie, Chamberlain, Chandler, Ciia--e, Clarke,
Clmgman, Colquitt, C<>ok, Cwrwm, Craige, Cullom, Cum
nnna, Curtis, Cut tins, Thomas 1) *vi-, Dean, Dent, He Win.
Dickinson. Bisney, Drum, Dunbar, Dunham, Eastman, Ed'
mamt-, Edmundson, Thomas J> I'hrif, iCnshsh, Klheridge,
Everhait, JCwing, Fenton, Franklin, Gamble, Crev, Ham-
ilton. Andtew J. IJailart, Sainn-on \V. Harris, Hastings,
Hendricks, Hie-ter. Hiliyei, Howe, Inger«,olI, J. Clancy
Jones, ICeitt, Kerr, Lamb, .Lane, Latham, Lmdlev, Lyon,
McDougail, McMuIlm, Mace, Maurice, May, * Ma j. all,
Meacham, Mtddlesvvarth, John G Miller, Smith Miller,
Morrison, Noble, "Norton, Andrew Oliver, Packer, Parker,'
Peek, Bishop Perkins, John Pcrkirt,-, Ite.uiv, Reese, Rich-
ardson, David Ritchie, Thomas Kitchie. i?l>we, Russell.
Snco, Sej mour, Whanaon, Shower, Simmon*, Samuel A.
bnutU, Ftedcrick P. Stanton, Alexander II. Stephens,
Straub, Tracy, Tweed, Walley, Warren, Ellihu B. Wash-
burue, Whee'ler, Witte, I-Iendrick B. Wright, and Yates.
The committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman of the com-
mittee reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had, according to
order, the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly the Senate's amendments to the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill; and, find-
ing itself without a quorum, had directed the roll *
to be called, and the narftes of the absentees to be
reported to the House.
One hundred and twenty-eightgentlemen having
answered to their names, being a quorum, the com-
mittee resumed its sitting.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
pending Senate'samendment, numberonehundred
and thirty-six, in which the Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
One hundred and thirty-seventh amendment:
For office rent for the surveyor general of Washington
Territory, fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental ex-
penses, $o,000.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in,
the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and thirty-eighth amendment:
Strike out the following clause :
For two additional clerks m the office of the Superin-
tendent of the Public Punting, authorized by the joint reso-
lution approved February 6, 1854, at ,$1,500 each, $J,000.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred m.
One hundred and thirty-ninth amendment:
Page seventv-one, line one thousand seven hundred and
twenty, after the word k< r(;-m|utioiy> add the words "of
the House of Representatives!."
The amendment, as amended, reads:
For the compensation to draughtsman and clerks em-
ployed upon the maps of the pubhc lands, under the rso-
lution of the House of Representatives of 4th of May.
lblH, $7,500.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and fortieth amendment:
For runninaghe northwestern boundary line between the
TTmted Staie^and Great Untain, irom the Lake of the
Wood^ to the Pacific ocean, for marking the forty-ninth
parallel, and lor  uch survey may be necessary to fix said
boundary between the main and Vancouver's Island, and
including the compensation of the officers and others era-
plo\ed in the work, $24-2,170.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence in that amendment.
Mr. LANCASTER. I believe, Mr. Chairman,
that I would not be performing my duty as a Del-
egate from the Territory of Washington, were I
to sit here without saying something on this ques-
tion. I propose to amend the amendment of the
Senate by increasing the sum one dollar. I have
no doubtin my own mind of the correctness ofthe
motives of the Committee of Ways and Means of
this House. But 1 will say, that if that boundary
line is ever intended to be run by the Government
of the United States, now is the time that it should
be run. And 1 will state, for the information of
the committee, that the inhabitants who are Amer-
ican citizens, are now contending with the British
authorities for the possession of three islands,
which lie in the channel, between Vancouver's
Island and the mam land. Forcible possession has
been taken of one of these islands by the citizens
of Great Britain, and forcible possession has been
taken by the United States authorities of the same
island. I learn by my last advices from Wash-
ington, that the ila^s of both nations have been
raised on the same island, and that the subjects
of Great Britain have recently transported large
numbers of cattle and sheep on to this island. The
Americans are contending, with arms in their
hands, for this island, and as strictly resisted by
the subjects of Great Britain.
The Indians who reside in that Territory, and
near the division line, do not know where the line
is. They believe all the country around that part
belongs to the British. They see no fla^ in those
waters carried by bteame.es, except the British
flag. They observe no warlike demonstrations
