THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
V ^
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C,
33d Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MAY "18, 1854.
New Series No. 76.
Nor am 1 prepared at this moment to vote for
the resolution, even if it included the three princi-
pal papers of this city, for the simple reason that
it then becomes a serious business, and 1 do not
know whether $4 50 per column is a proper
amount to be paid or not. I know this, however,
that I haye never been illiberal in making proper
allowances, but have always been in favor of
allowing a fair compensation for service done for
the public. I know very well there are gentle-
men in this body who are opposed to paying any
of the city papers anything for printing the de-
bates of this body in either of those papers. Then
let us act upon this matter with reference to the
whole subject, and let us consider now whether it
is most appropriate to take up and act upon this
single individual case, or to have the whole mat-
ter considered at once and acted upon with refer-
ence to all the papers.
"Sir, there is another question, a separate and
distinct matter from this, which ought not to be
forgotten. The Committee on Printing, some
time since, before I became a member of it, reported
upon a resolution which 1, as an individual mem-
ber of the Senate, offered, and their report is now
lying upon the table. My proposition was, in
consequence of the showings which had been pre-
sented in regard to the expense of reporting and
printing for this body by the Globe, to put the
Globe upon a permanent and sound footing where
it could sustain itself. This was done in conse-
quence of the protest of the gentleman conducting
and owning that establishment that he was hon-
estly, constantly, and daily losing by the transac-
tion of that business,'and that, too, in very heavy
amounts.
The reportof theCommittee on Printing—which
was ad verse to the resolution offered by me—recog-
nizes the fact that the Globe cannot, or at least ought
not, to go on in this way without additional com-
pensation being paid by the Senate. They base
their recommendation for some increase (though
it is not to the extent I proposed) on the fact that
there has been an advance of twenty per cent, in
the wages of hands since the original contract was
made, an advance in the price of paper, which has
been raised twenty per cent., and an advance in
the price of almost everything necessary in such
an establishment.- They base it also on the fact
that the celerity with which the work is now done
exceeds anything ever before known, and of course
leads to increased expenditures.
The Committee on Printing recognized the fact
that the Globe is not now upon a footing which
is just and right, and they therefore reported in
favor of taking one half the number of copies
provided for by my resolution. That report must
come up here and be the subject of debate. It
relates to the reporting and printing. The reso-
lution now before us relates simply to the printing
of the debates. The one ought to be considered
without the other; and it seems to me that the
reporting should be first considered, as a matter
of priority. I think further, that then, as a sepa-
rate matter, the propriety of printing our debates
in the city papers ought to be considered, and con-
sidered in reference to all the papers that wish to
Eublish them, and all those that the Senate has
itherto employed for that purpose.
Under these circumstances, and in this view of
the case, I believe, though I will not submit the
motion, that this question ought to be referred to
the Committee on Printing, and that they should
investigate the rate of pay that should be allowed
for simple printing without reporting; and that
the Senate should then take action to authorize a
contract to be made with the leading papers of
this city—and the whole of them or none—as the
Senate itself may direct. I believe that the ques-
tion ought to be investigated.
As to the price, I do not know but that $4 50
per column is just and right. If it is, I am cer-
tainly willing to pay it. This is a matter that
ought to be understood and properly decided, so
that hereafter no assaults may be made upon our
action in our own body, on the ground that we
have given too much, or that we have not given
76
enough. There has been no investigation of that
question, as 1 understand, atall. But the Senator
from Indiana relies upon this as a proper price,
upon the simple declaration of two or three indi-
viduals who have heretofore been printers to this
body.
Mr. BRIGHT. Does the honorable Senator
from Arkansas submit a motion to refer this sub-
ject to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir, I do not.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am glad tRe Senator does
not. This is a very simple proposition, and o/ie
which can be acted upon by the Senate now as
well and intelligently as after the report of a com-
mittee shall have been made. The facts of this
case are very plain.
In 1848 the Senate, by resolution, directed the
Secretary of this body to contract with the pro-
prietorsof the Intelligencer and Union newspapers
for the publication of our debates and proceedings,
at the rate $7 50 per column. The intelligencer,
after publishing them for some time, declined to
continue the contract, on"the ground that it could
not afford to report and publish at that price.
Subsequently the Union declined on the same
ground, leaving the Senate without the aid of a
daily paper in the city, except the Globe.
Under this state of facts, the proprietor of the
Senlinel came forward and offered to comply with
the terms of our resolution passed in 1848, or, in
other words, to do that which the Intelligencer
and the Union had refused to do. Then it is that
the Union reconsiders its previous withdrawal
from our service, and the new proprietor offers to
go on with the contract of his predecessor. The
proposition of both papers was referred to the
Committee on Printing, and by that committee
reported back without any recommendation on the
subject. Still the Union has gon'e on reporting
and publishing as before, by what authority 1
know not, nor is it material to my purpose to in-
quire. I am as willing to see that paper continue
in our service as I am anxious to employ the Sen-
tinel, and, therefore, in offering my resolution, I
so worded it as not to interfere in any way with
any other paper. It was opposed, however, vio-
lently by the honorable Senator from Alabama,
and others, at the time; and to-day, when we
reach its consideration, we are met with another
letter from the proprietors of the Union, withdraw-
ing a second time, evidently, to my mind, for the
purpose of weakening the application of the Sen-
tinel; for we are met now with the argument, that
" we need but one set of reporters, and that the
Globe is the only paper that should be paid for
publishing our proceedings."
Nowf Mr. President, 1 admit that one set of
reporters is all that we need, and I have so modi-
fied my resolution as to pay but one set, and
they to continue under the control of the pro-
prietor of the Globe, and the Sentinel to copy our
debates and proceedings from that paper, and
receive therefor $4 50 per column for it. Now,
sir, 1 ask what objection there can be to this ?
1 repeat what I said on a former occasion, that
I think it due to the public that we give them a
full report of all that we say and do here; and
this can in no way be so well done as by employ-
ing the papers I have named. The Sentinel, we
know, is ready to do our work at a fair price. I
say a fair price, because, after an interview with
Mr. J. C. Rives, known to you all as an honest
man, and fullv informed in such matters, he has
assured me that $4 50 cents per column is but a
just compensation.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, it seems that
some years ago the Senate considered that it was
necessary to have the debates of this body pub-
lished in the newspapers of this city. They there-
fore authorized the Secretary to contract with the
Intelligencer and with the Union for that purpose.
The object of that, undoubtedly, was to procure
a more extensive circulation for the debates of
this body. Both those papers have refused to ex-
ecute that contract. The question of releasing
the Union from the obligations of the contract,
upon the letter of General Armstrong, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing. That com-
mittee took no action upon the subject except to
ask to be discharged. I have a high regara.for
that committee; but I have no assurance that, if
this question were again submitted to them, thejr
would not make a similar report now.
Mr. JOHNSON. The present committee is
not the same committee to which the subject was
referred. Two out of the three who were then
members are not now on the committee.
Mr. WELLER. I think it is very probable
that it is a much more efficient committee since
my friend from Arkansas was added to it. But
there is, I believe, the same chairman, with the
same sympathies, and the same prejudices, per-
haps.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. No, sir; there is a dif-
ferent chairman.
Mr. WELLER. You made a contract with
Ihose two papers, and they say they cannot
afford to publish our proceedings at the price
paid to them. What was your object in making
such a contract? It was to extend^ the circulation
of the debates of the Senate. Then here is the
printer of the Senate, who is also the publisher of a
newspaper in this city, who now proposes to give
that circulation to the debates which you origin-
ally designed to obtain by entering into a con-
tract with other parties. What is the objection
to that-1 Can there be any other objection than
that which may be of a political character? Here
are two Democratic newspapers published in this
city. They are both, so far as I know, sound
papers, supporting the true principles of the Dem-
ocratic party, and conducted with much ability.
One of them is unable to publish the debates at
the contract price; the other says it can do it.
Why, then, not give it a trial ? If the editor of the
Sentinel says he can circulate your debates at the
rate fixed by the original contract, that being the
object you had in view in making the contract,
why not allow him to make the experiment?
What can be the objection ? Surely it is not be-
cause the Sentinel was selected for the purpose of
executing the printing of the Senate against the
wishes of a majority of a certain political party here.
It is well known that I and you, Mr. President,
(Mr. Badger occupying the chair,) voted for the
printer who was elected, although we ore ordinarily-
understood to be the antipodes of each other in pol-
itics. By a strange conjunction of circumstances
we were brought together on that occasion, as I
am glad to say we are very frequently, especially
on appropriations to California.
The object of the Senate is to get their debates
as extensively circulated as possible. The ori-
ginal agreement with the newspapers with which it
was made has failed. Another editor proposes
to give them the circulation of his paper. What
possible objection can there be to that? Why, it
ls-said he cannot afford to do it. He is, perhaps,
as good a judge of that as my friend from Arkan-
sas. He says he can do it. Then let us make
the experiment. I am not aware that we have
released the editor of the Union from the obli-
gations of the original contract. That contract
bound him to publish the proceedings of this
body " until otherwise ordered." We have not
otherwise ordered it. He is not, therefore, re-
leased; but i am willing to release him. My
object is to have the debates of this body as ex-
tensively circulated as possible. It is true, the
country may not obtain a great deal of advantage
in the end from them, for a great many silly things
may be said upon this floor, and I say this with
all proper respect. A great many foolish things
in this way may be extensively circulated; but the
people have a right to know what those who are
called the wise men of the country have said upon
the public measures which come before them. If
our object be to enable the people to see what are
the proceedings of this body, the larger circulation
you give to those proceedings the better. In a
representative Government like ours, every oppor-
tunity should be given to the people to understand
our actions.
I am not deterred by the extraordinary expenses
