£060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
\ s<
there, except British. They see and hear British
subjects claiming and contending for these islands.
They observe the British flag placed there, and
hence they conclude that they are British waters
and British lands. They have long known the
flag of England, and they have been in her service
for the past forty years. They have been well
armed by her for the purpose of taking furs and
killing wild animals; and the white men in the
employment of England have been, for the
last forty years, encouraged, as a matter of policy,
to take wives from among the Indians, and a
numerous race of half-breeds is the result, whose
sympathies are with the natives. Many of these
half-breeds are in possession of the soil. They
have selected their homes. They have placed the
lands in cultivation; and by the donation law of
Congress, they are excluded, and a division is
made by that law separating the American half-
breed from the foreign half-breed; and by the
operation of that law Indian families are divided,
a part of the children can hold land, while others
of the same families are excluded.
A powerful tribe to the North of the line of 49°,
of whom I made mention in my remarks to-day
upon another subject, regard the whole of Puget's
Sound as belonging to England. It is that tribe
who made prisoners of twenty-seven American
citizens who were wrecked on Q,ueen Charlotte's
island. They have recently made a descent upon
the inhabitants of Puget's Sound, and have forced
them from their homes into fortifications, and their
houses are now deserted and empty. Their stock
and property are all liable to be burned and de-
stroyed by these Indians. Some of the inhabitants
have been murdered and butchered in cold blood,
and it becomes exceedingly necessary s that the
boundary line should be established, that the In-
dians at least may know where the boundary line
between Great Britain and the United States is;
and that Great Britain and her subjects may know j
how far they may go, and what land belongs to
them, and what to the United States.
This territory, of which I have been speaking,
does belong to the United States, by the terms of
the treaty. You will see by the treaty that the
boundary line comes down the parallel of 49° of
north latitude to the middle of the channel which
separates the continent from Vancouver's Island,
(and thence southerly through the jniddle of the
said channel, and of Fuca's Straits to the Pacific
ocean. You see that the line throughfchese chan-
nels conforms to no parallel of latitude. It can-
not be known except by a survey. The Puget
Sound Company and the Hudson Hay Company
claim that these islands all lie on the west aide of
the line, and therefore belong to England', and
the Americans churn that these islands, all of them,
he on the east side of the line, and therefore are
the rightful property of the United States. And
unless the line is established, it will lead to a war.
It is an inducement to trouble, vexation, ano the
sheddingof blood; and every day that the estab-
lishment of the line is put off prolongs the evil
day. If it was necessary to establish the bound-
ary line between Maine and the British posses-
sions, it is equally necessary to establish the
boundary line between us and the British in
Washington. I speak the sentiments of those I
represent, when I appeal to Congress not to delay
this matter, to make the survey immediately, and I
settle the rights of the contending interests in that!
quarter.
I hope the Congress of the United States will
order the line to be run, that this pillage may be
stopped, and this incentive to war be removed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 am in favor of striking
out this amendment, and agree with the commit-
tee in recommending a non-concurrence in the
Senate amendment. I wish now to put in a five-
minute speech by way of notice of what I wish '
to say m an hour's speech, which it would not be
proper to make so near the close of the session.
I am opposed to paying any money out of the
National Treasury at this time for running any
line in the northern part of this continent between
the possessions of Great Britain, or of any other
Power, and the United States. I offer now the
simple reason, that the day is not far distant when
all the British possessions upon this continent will
be annexed to the United States of America.
It will be recollected, Mr Chairman, that some
months ago I submitted to the House a resolution,
proposing that the Executive be authorized to open
negotiations with the Government of Great Britain,
with the view of ascertainingthetermsupon which
she woufd consent to such annexation, with the
assent of the people of the Provinces. Sir, since
that time, as gentlemen in this committee have
observed, that resolution and other causes have
given rise to a debate in the British Parliament on
this subject, in which the ground was assumed by
British statesmen that the day was fast approach-
ing when the connection of the British colonies in
North America with the mother country must be
abandoned.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is compelled
to call the gentleman to order. The gentleman
must confine himself in opposition of the amend-
ment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well. lam opposed to
the amendment, because I am opposed to making
any appropriation for running the boundary line
between the United States and the British posses-
sions as a useless expenditure.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is to in-
crease the appropriation one dollar; and the gen-
tleman must confine himself to showing why it
should not be increased that amount.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will, sir. I am against
increasing the appropriation one dollar; and I am
endeavoring to show that no appropriation at all
should be made. Sir, no man of progress—no
man who looks at the condition of things as they
exist at the present day—can doubt that the period
is not far distant when all that part of the North
American continent will become parts of one
Federal Government, and recognize as their na-
tional (lag our " stars and stripes."
1 referred to the fact, that in the British Parlia-
ment the position has been assumed that theGov-
ernment must look to no very distant period when
their colonial possessions in North America must
be abandoned. And, sir, it was then frankly,
but truly, avowed, that if, in an unfortunate hour,
there should be a conflict between the two nations,
it would be impossible for that Governmentto hold ;
her possessions upon this continent. I am no i
" filibuster," and look fearfully upon every prop- ;
osition to extend our territory by the power of
arms; but I desire to give notice that I intend, be-
fore this Congress closes, to offer a resolution to
open negotiations looking to the honest and peace-
ful extension of our territory in the North.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must again
arrest the gentleman in his remarks, and remind
him that he must confine his remarks to opposing
the amendment. The course of remark the gen-
tleman is pursuing is certainly not m order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I will move to strike
out the whole appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order for
the reason that there is an amendment already
.pending.
[Mere the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the Senate amendment was
not agieed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now move to amend
by 
Mr. FLORENCE. I will move an amendment
if the gentleman will allow me. I move to strike
out " forty-ninth," and to insert "fifty-four
forty."
A Member. Or fight. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. No sir, 1 do not accept that
modification.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Now, sir, I am opposed
to that amendment. I am opposed to reviving a
line between the United States and the British pos-
sessions at 54° 40', or any other parallel on this
continent, because looking to the present condition
of things  
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. 1 rise to a ques-
tion of order. The amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is certainly not in order. He
proposes to run a line in the British possessions.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania proposes the
line of 54° 40' or fight. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. No, sir, I did not accept
the modification.
Mr. STUART. Well, sir, there is no such
line in the American possessions.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call the gentleman from
Michigan to order. He is discussing his point of
order, not stating it.
Mr. STUART Well, I raise the question of
order, and I ask the Chair to decide it. The
Senate's amendment is to run the line of 4£P,
which is*the one recognised by the law and treaty,
There is no such line as that proposed m the gen-
tleman 's amendment on the American possessions.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no dcubt
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania may move
to strike out 49°, and insert in lieu thereof 54° 40'.
Mr. FLORENCE. I never believed that the
line ought to have been 49° of latitude.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman Is not iii
order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. In relation to the line of
54° 40', I very much regret that on a certain
occasion the gentleman's party (to
use a western expression.) [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine himself to an explanation of his amendment.
A Member. The gentleman should confine
himself to an opposition of the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. FLORENCE, And not to the party to
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania belongs.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Onio
understands the rules, and the Chair trusts that
in his remarks he will confine himself to them.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I certainly shall. If the
rule is to be rigidly enforced on me, I have simply
to say, that the further north we have to expend
money m surveying a line, the better.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman had been
in the committee all day he would have found
that the Chair has pretty strictly enforced the rule
on all gentlemen.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not doubt it, but as
I have been out on a committee of investigation, I
hope the Chair will indulge me a moment longer.
I propose to give notice to members that if I can
get the ear of the Speaker, I will, at a proper time,
introduce a resolution looking to a correspondence
with the Government of Great Britain, with a
view to the peaceful annexation of all the British
possessions in North America. Believing that such
a destiny awaits these possessions, I am opposed
to these appropriations for running lines-. For
this opinion, I have reasons which I am prepared
to give now, but I cannot expect to do that so
near the close of the session. I expect to give
them next session, should I live to return. My
only desire now is to call attention to the fact that
I shall introduce and urge my resolution in good
faith; not that I now expect to carry it at this
time, but intending to follow it up at the next ses-
sion as an important national measure. Then I
will give the reasons in full, which I now refrain
from doing in order that the legitimate business
of the House may progress.
The question was takenfand Mr. Florence's
amendment was rejected.
The Senate's amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and forty-first amendment:
For arrearages of necessary traveling and personal ex-
penses due employees on tlie northeastern boundary sur-
vey during the years 1844, 1845, 1846, and 1847, $2,016.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in
the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and forty-second amendment:
Strike out the following:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to replace the
moneys already paid for rents, and to pay the semi-annual
payment ot rent falling due on the l&tday of January, 1855,
! on the two lea>es each beamigdatethe 19th day of August,
1853, one thereof with the Bank of the State of New York,
and the other thereof from the Bank of Commerce, both
being Joi property on Wall street in the city of New York,
 ea*e.d lor the usos of the as>say office in the city of New
York, 458 33."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in
the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and forty-third amendment:
For repair and renewal of thegas-pipes through the Cap-
itol, and fixtures necessary for the lighting of "such com-
mittee-rooms therein as need it, and fighting East Capitol
street from the CapitoJ to Third street, $7,000.
For painting and repairs inside of the Capitol, new fur-
naces under the Senate Chamber and Supreme Courtroom,
&c.j $5,000. ^
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee of
Ways and Means propose the following amend-
ment:
Strike out "for repair and renewal ofthe gas pipes through
the Capitol, and fixtures necessary for thf1 lighting of such
committee rooms therein as need it, and lighting East Cap-
itol street from the Capitol to Third street, #7,000."
