492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
Mr. STANTON. I would like tjbe House to
understand the length of time the subject was un-
der consideration; whether a long report was not
read in the hearing of the Blouse, concluding with
the resolution; and then whether it was not de-
liberately adopted, without any motion or effort
upon the part of any one to postpone its disposi-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. The report was read at the
Clerk's desk, and the question was put upon the
adoption of the resolution, without any discus-
sion, or any motion upon the part of any member.
Mr. HUNT. If the action of the House, in
the adoption of this resolution, has been unad-
vised or precipitate, it becomes the character of this
House to reconsider its action, and give the sub-
ject a proper share of deliberation. There is no
imputation intended to be cast upon the honorable
Committee of Elections. The members of that
committee are doubtless satisfied with the correct-
ness of the conclusion to which they have come,
but members around me say that they are not in
possession of the facts in this case, and that an
intelligent judgment has not been given upon it.
1 hope, theiefore, in order that justice may be
done in a matter which concerns the representa-
tion of the people, that the motion of the gentle-
man from Missouri will prevail.
The question " Shall the rules be suspended?'5
was put; and, upon a division, sixty-four rose in
the affirmative.
Mr. MILLER. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
a quorum of members are in the House, but the
yeas and nays will show.
The question was then taken; and there were
—yeas 87, nays 50;as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Appleton, Thomas H. Ba}ly,
Ball, Bell, Bennett, Benson, Bridge, Brooks, Campbell,
Caruthers, Caskie, Chandler, Cook, Cox, Crocker, Curtis,
Dawson, Dean, DeWitt, Dick, Esiftman, Edniarids, Ed-
mundson, Etheridge, Flagler, Gamble, Goodrich, Green-
wood. Gtey, Grow, Andrew J. Harlan, Uairison, IJaven,
Xiemi, Hill, Hunt, Johnson, Daniel'J'. Jones, Keir, Kid-
well, Kittredge, Knox, Kurtx, Letcher, Lindley, McCul-
loch, McDougall, Macy, M* aeham, John G. Miller, Smith
Miller, Million, Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Peckhani, Pow-
ell, Pratt, Preston, Pmyear, Heady, Utchaidson, David
Ritchie, Thomas Jtitchey, Sabiu, Sage, Sapp, Seward,
Seymour, Shaw, Singleton, Gerrit Smith, Snodprass, [Ies-
tor L. Stevens, Straub, Andrew Stuart, John L. Taylor,
Tracy, Trout, Tweed, Upham, EUiiiu B. Washburne, Is-
rael Washburn, Tappan Wentworth, IlendrickB. Wright,
Yaten, and Zollieotfer—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Belcher, Bissell, Bocock, Boyce, Breck-
inridge, Chamberlain, Chrisman, Churchwell, Clark,
Cobb, Colquitt, (Jratire, Cutting, John G. Davis, Disney,
Dunham, Elli?on, English, Kverhart, Fenton, Florence,
Hamilton, ILe-Un^s, Hendricks Hie>ter, George W. Jones,
Lane, Lilly, Linds-ley. M<'Q.ueen, Maitoon, Ma mice, Mor-
rison, Nichols, Peck, Robbing Iluilin, Russell. Skelton,
Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smvth, j
F «*df rick P Stanton, Kieluud H. Stanton, Thurston, Vail,
Vansant, Wade, Walsh, and John Wentworth—50.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
OCEAN MAIL STEAMERS.
Mr. WALKER. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to communicate to Oh-j House whether, m his opinion, the
steamships employed in the ocean mail t-eivice of the Uni-
ted States are of proper conetiueuon to be converted into
vessels of war, in the event of the <>eeuriunco "I* an emer-
gency requiring their u<e for such puipo^e ; and if so, how
many, and wlii^h of them.
Mr. WALSH. I object to the consideration of
that resolution now.
Mr. WALKER. I move to suspend the rules,
to enable me to offer the resolution.
The question was put, and (two thirds voting
in favor thereof) the rules were suspended.
The question was then taken on the resolution,
and it was agreed to.
DELEGATE FROM NEW MEXICO.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to enable me to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Hon. Jose M. Gallegos, Delegate
from New Mexico, be allowed to introduce within th« doors
of the Hall ol the House of Representatives, a person to
act as his interpieter, in order that he may more effectually
understand and p-utieipute in the proceedings of tilts body
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. I object to
that ievolution.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The purpose of the res-
olution is not to introduce upon the floor an inter-
preter, but it is to give him permission to come
inside the House. Mr. Gallegos does not under-
stand one word of the English langjia^e, which is
the misfortune of his constituents; anH this is not
for his personal convenience, but for the conve-
nience of the people that he represents. I move
to suspend the rules, to enable me to offer the res-
olution.
The question was then taken, and (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof) the rules were not sus-
pended.
Mr. EASTMAN. What is the regular order
of business?
The SPEAKER. The call of States for reso-
lutions.
Mr. EASTMAN. Well, I hope the States
will be called in their regular order, commencing
where the last call left off.
PRIVILEGE OF THE FLOOR.
Mr. ORR. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to enable me to offer the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the seventeenth rule be so amended as
to admit within the Hall of the House of Representatives
the Assistant Secretaries of the State and Treasury De-
partments, Ministers and ex-Mimsters of the United States
to foreign Governments, and heads of bureaus.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that;
we have enough on the floor already.
Mr. ORR. 1 move to suspend the rules, and I
ask that the Clerk may read the 17th rule as it
stands at present. The House will ^ee that the
rule now admits officers of an inferior grade to
those enumerated in my resolution upon the floor
of the House.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I will never
consent that any other persons shall be admitted
upon this floor, unless it is provided that they
shall not be claim agents.
Mr. JONES. Exclude all the ex-members who
are claim agents.
Mr; WENTWORTH. Yes; too many of the
ex-members are claim agents.
Mr. ORR. I do not object to the amendment
of the rule in that respect, if gentlemen desire
it; but I think that consistency requires that the
officers included in my resolution shall be admit-
ted, unless some of those now admitted are to be
excluded. I hope the rule will be read.
The Clerk read the 17th rule; which is as fol-
lows:
<•' No person, except members of the Senate, their Secre-
tary, heads of Departments, Treasurer, Comptrollers,
Register, Auditors, President's Secretary, Chaplains to
Congress, Judges of the United States, Foreign Ministers
and their Secretaries!, officers who, by name, have received
oi s>1mH hereafter receive the thanks of Congress for their
gallantry and good conduct displayed in the service of their
country, the Governor lor the time being of any State or
Tenitory in the Union, such gentlemen as have been heads
of Departments or members of either branch of the National
Legislature, the members of the Legislatures, frr the time
being, of the States and Territories, and, at the discretion
of the Speaker, persons who belong to such Legislatures
oi foreign Governments as are in umi/y with the United
States, e-hall be admitted within the Flail'of the House of
RepiesenUitive.s and nopeisori not known to the Door-
keeper to be entitled to the privilege of the lloor shall enter
the ('all unless the Doorkeeper*hall beinloimed by arriem-
ber that the individual H entitled to admission under this
rule, and in what capacity."
The SPEAKER. There is another rule bear-
ing on this subject, which will be read, if there is
no objection.
Mr. LiiTCHER. I hope the resolution of the
gentleman from South Carolina will be read first.
The Clerk aqvtin reported the resolution.
Mr. I-] I ESTER. Did 1 understand the Chair
to say that there was another rule bearing on this
subject ?
The SPEAKER. There was a rule adopted at
the present session requiring a register to be kept,
in which the names of peisons claiming the privi-
lege of the floor should be kept, and the grounds
on which they claim it. The motion is to suspend
the rules, for the purpose of introducing the reso-
lution which has been read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the rule
adopted at the present session may be read.
The SPEAKER. It has not been inserted, as
yet, among the printed rules.
Mr. JONES. The House has virtually determ-
ined that the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury
was a mere clerk.
Mi. LAYLY, of Virginia. Yes, sir; an infe-
rior officer. [Laughter.]
The question was then taken, and the House
refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. BELL, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced a bill; which was read a first and
second time by its title, as follows, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs:
A bill to authorize the President to incorporate
the officers of the late Texas navy into the Navy
of the United States.
Mr. EASTMAN. 1 submit the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be, and
they are hereby, instructed to inquire into the expediency
of dividing the State of Wisconsin into two judicial dis-
tricts.
The question was put; and, on a division, there
were—ayes 4U 
Mr. EASTMAN. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wright, of
Pennsylvania, and Ci.ingman, were appointed.
Mr. FLORENCE asked that the resolution be
again read; but it was objected to by Mr. Walsh.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
adopted, the tellers having reported—ayes 71, noes
not counted.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT MILWAUKIE.
Mr. WELLS, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill; which
was read a first and second time by its title, as
follows :
A bill to provide for the purchase of a site, and
the erection of a suitable building thereon, in Mil-
waukie, Wisconsin, for a custom-house, and to
contain suitable rooms for the United States courts,
and post office; referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
CODtryrNG THE REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. CURTIS asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduces resolution; which was
read for information, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the Senate reso-
lution autlioiizmg the Secretary of the Treasury to pay the
expenses ot codifying and revising the revenue laws.
Mr. J ONES, of Tennessee. That bill provides
for an appropriation, and I think it best not to
take it out of the Committee of the Whole. I
therefore object to its introduction.
Mr. CURTIS. Then I move to suspend the
rules, to allow me to introduce the resolution.
Mr. BENSON. I would inquire whether the
call of States for resolutions has been completed?
The SPEAKER. It has not; but, pending the
call, the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cur-
tis] rose and offered a resolution, and moved to
suspend the rules, to enable him to do so. That
motion is in order, and is pending.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to, two thirds notvotmg in favor thereof.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, asked* and obtained leave, to intro-
duce a bill; which was read a first and second
time by its title, as follows:
A bill to amend an act entitled an act to cre-
ate an additional collection district in the Territory
of Oregon, and for other purposes.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. LA1NE also, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill;
which was read a firstand second time by its title,
as follows:
A bill authorizing the payment bytbe Secretary
of the Treasury of certain drafts drawn by Lieu-
tenant Dement for the ransom of Ameri-
can citizens, prisoners of the Indians of Queen
Charlotte Island, and for other purposes.
Refei red to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MILLER, of Missouri. I offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Retired, That the Serjeant-at-Arms be directed to pay
to William Oarr Lane, who has contested the ^eat of Jose
Manuel Gallegos, as Delegate from New Mexico, the
per diem and mileage allowed to the Delegate from said
Territory, from the commencement of this session up to
this date.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to debate
that resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee proposes to debate the resolution, and, of
course, it goes over under the rules.
Mr. MILLER. Is it not in order for me to
move to suspend the rules for the purpose of in-
troducing the resolution?
The SPEAKER. The resolution was not re-
ceived by the House, and it is in order for the
gentleman from Missouri to make that motion.
