1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
493
Mr. MILLER. I more then to suspend the
rules, so that I may introduce the resolution I
have submitted.
Mr. JONES. It takes two thirds, of course,
to suspend the rules.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Mil-
ler's motion, and, upon division, there were—
ayes 50, noes not counted.
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN demanded the yeas
and nays, which were ordered—27 gentlemen
rising in the affirmative.
On motion by Mr. BIESTER, the House then
adjourned till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 28, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The President pro tempore presented a commu-
nication from the Secretary of War, transmitting
seventy-five copies of the official Army Register
for 1854.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I have been
requested to present to the Senate the proceedings
of a public meeting, held in Baltimore on the 17th
of February. Several resolutions were adopted
at that meeting. One of them asks that the sol-
diers of the war of 1812 may be allowed bounty
lands; another, that the provisions of the pension
acts relative to the officers and soldiers, and their
widows, of the revolutionary war, may be ex-
tended to the officers and soldiers, and their
widows, of the war of 1812; another resolution
asks that the pensions may commence from the
date of the wounds and disabilities. Although
these are separate matters, it is scarcely worth
while to divide them, and therefore I move to refer
the whole proceedings to the Committee on Alil-
itary Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHASE. I have been requested to present
and call the attention of the Senate to the proceed-
ings of a mass meeting of German citizens of
Cleveland, Ohio, remonstrating against the repeal
of the Missouri compromise. I am informed by
a gentleman whom I know very well, that this
meeting was very largely and numerously attended
by the German electors, of the highest respecta-
bility and character in that city. I move that it lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TOUCEY presented a petition of citizens
ofMiddletown,Connecticut, lemonstrating against <
any infringement of the Missouri compromise;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. EVERETT presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Barnstable, Massachusetts, remonstrating
against the passage of the Nebraska bill in its
present form; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
Erie county, Ohio, remonstrating against the pas-
sage of the Nebraska bill in its present form; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FISL-I presented a remonstrance, numer-
ously signed by citizens of Montgomery county,
New York, against the repeal or alteration of the
Missouri compromise act of 1820; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented the following memo-
rials, remonstrating against the passage of the
Nebraska bill m its present form; which were or-
dered to he on the table:
Petition of citizens of Wilbraham, Massachu-
setts;
Two memorials of citizens of Leicester, Mas-
sachusetts;
Petition of citizens of Middlebury, Indiana; and
Five petitions of citizens of Pennsylvania.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of merchants
and shipowners of New York, praying the enact-
ment of a law to facilitate the unloading of the
cargoes of ships arriving in the ports of the j
United States; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
He also gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill relating to the subject.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a petition of citizens
of New Castle county, State of Delaware, remon-
strating against any infringement of the Missouri
compromise; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CHASE presented the following petitions,
&c., praying the enactment of laws to prevent the
increase, to mitigate the evils, and to promote the
final eradication of slavery; which were ordered
to lie on the table:
Petition of citizens of Miami and Montgomery
counties, Fredericktown and vicinity;
Petition of citizens of Youngstown, Mahoning
county, Ohio;
Petition of Robert Eyre and others, citizens of
Fayette county, Ohio;
Resolutions of citizens of Leeburg and vicinity,
Carroll county, Ohio;
Proceedings of a meeting of citizens of Fayette
county, Ohio;
Petition of citizens of Galena county, Ohio;
Petition of citizens of Gallia county, Ohio; and
Petition of Samuel Hamilton and other citizens
of South Salem, Ross county, Ohio.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of inhabit-
ants of Kennebunk and Kennebunk Port, York
county, Maine, who were detained as prisoners
of war in Dartmoor and other English prisons
and piison-ships, during the last war with Great
Britain, praying to be granted pensions; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom were referred the petition
of James Edwards, the petition of the adminis-
trator of Edward M. Wanton, and the petition of
the executors of Nehemiah Brush, praying com-
pensation for loss of property in the war with the
Seminoles, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for the relief of James Edwards and others;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred the following
petitions, submitted ad verse reports thereon; which
were ordered to be printed:
Petition of Jane A. Wight; and
Petition of citizens of Steuben county, New
York, in behalf of Isaac Ackerman.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of James Wormsley,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PETTIT asked and, by unanimous con-
sent, obtained leave to introduce a bill granting
the right of way to the States of Indiana and Illi-
nois, and a portion of the public lands, to aid in
theconstruction of a certain railroad in said States,
known as the Indiana and Illinois Central rail-
way; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SLIDELL asked, and obtained the unan-
imous consent, to introduce a bill for the relief of
the Pine Grove Academy, in Louisiana; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. SLIDELL asked, and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate, to introduce a bill to
authorize the issuance of patents for lands m
Louisiana in certain cases; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WALKER. In pursuance of previous
notice, I now-ask leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of Sylvester Pettibone. I do not design to
move its reference to any committee, but I ask
that it may be read a first time, with the promise
that I will make a statement to the Senate in re-
gard to it, as I am familiar with the whole ca?e.
The bill was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. FITZPATRICK, in accordance with pre-
vious notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce
a bill granting public lands in aid of the construc-
tion of a railroad from Beard's BlulT, on the Ten-
nessee river, in Alabama, to Nasketa, Mississippi,
via Tuscaloosa, Northport, and Gainesville, in
Alabama; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
LAND GRANT TO FLORIDA.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to reconsiderthe vote
of yesterday by which a bill making a grant of
land to the State of Florida, to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads m said State, was passed. I ask
it tV r the purpose of submitting an amendment, to
insert after the word " Jacksonville," one of the
termini of the road, the words " or Fernandino,"
so that that place may be made a terminus. It is
withm a short distance of Jacksonville, only some
fifty or sixty miles. It may be desirable to make
that the terminus, and the amendment will leave
it in the option of the Legislature to take either of
the points.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read a third time, and
SWAMP AND OVERFLOWED LANDS.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a bill for the relief
of purchasers and locators of swamp and over-
flowed lands, have instructed me to report it hack.
I desire to have the bill read now, for the purpose
of asking the Senate to consider it at this time. It
is one that requires immediate action.
The Senate, as in the Committee of the Whole,
accordingly proceeded to consider the bill. It
proposes to direct that when lands granted to the
several States by the act of September 20, 1850,
to enable the State of Arkansas, and other States*
to reclaim the swamp lands within their limits
have been sold or located since the passage of the
act, the purchase money shall be paid over to the
State for such of the lands as have been sold, and
the Governor, by his agents, may select .other
lands in lieu of those located by warrants and
scrip upon the surrender to the United States of
all title or claim on the part of the United States
to the lands granted, which have been entered or
located, or any part of them, and that upon such
surrender the title in fee to the purchasers shfcli
pass by United States patent; and wherever any
State has sold the lands by mistake as swamp
lands which still belong to the United States, the
purchaser shall, upon tne payment of the purchase*^
money into the land office of the district in which
the land lies, or if the money has -been already
paid to the State, then upon the presentation of
receipts or proofs of such payment, the United
States patent shall pass the fee-simple of the same.
Mr. STUART. I am instructed to move to
strike out all that portion of the bill which has
been read last, and which relates to mistakes in
sales by the States. 1 apprehend that if there are
any such mistakes, they are very few. My own
opinion is that there arenone; butif there are, they
are such errors as can easily be provided for by
the State itself. It produces no difficulty between
the respective States and the General Government.
I therefore move to strike out all that part of the
bill, so as only to leave the part to provide for
errors which have been inevitable in entries which
have been made since tne passage of the law grant-
ing these lands to the States. Without this, I
have a long communication from the Commis-
sioner of the Land Office, stating that great diffi-
culty will continue, and that they are almost in
inextiicable confusion in the office.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
Mr DODGE, of Iowa. I desire to inquire of
the Senator from Michigan, whether it would not
be well to extend the provision of this bill to the
holders of land warrants, in case the lands upon
which they have located have been sold by an
error.
Mr. STUART. I will suggest to the Senator
from Iowa, that that amendment would be very
much out of place in this bill, and I think it might
embarrass it m its passage in the other House;
that is the only objection I have to it.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Then I will not press it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
RICHARD M. YOUNG.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 am directed hy the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed
to pay to Richard M. Young $974 20, the amount of his per
diem and compensation nliowud him by the President as
special roinmH>n>ncr to mve-tiiiatc the chars*1? a«aii>t the
Hon Alexandei Ratn-ey, late Superintendent of Indun
AttuiiftOl Mmne&ota Territoi v, under a resolution of the
Senate of the 5th of Apr-i. 1853; and that the same be paid
out of the contingent fund of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. As this resolution pro-
