494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
poses to appropriate money out of the contingent
fund, it must go, under the rules, to the Commit-
tee to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to have the resolution consid-
ered now, without a reference.
The PRESIDENT. If tjiere be no objection,
the resolution will now have its second reading.
The resolution was read a second time.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. If it provokes any dis-
cussion, I will consent that it may go over.
Mr. STUART. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Arkansas if there is any recom-
mendation from the Department for the payment
of this sum.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. There is an official state-
ment from the Secretary of the Interior that this
amount is due, and would have been paid out of
the contingent fund of that Department, but for
the fact that that fund was exhausted by the pay-
ment of the other expenses of the commission.
These expenses are properly chargeable to the
contingent fund either of the Senate or of the De-
partment of the Interior. There is no question
aboutthat, for the whole investigation arose under
the order of the Senate. The only reason why
the matter has been brought here, is, because the
contingent fund of the Department of the Interior
has been exhausted by the payment of the other
expenses of this commission.
Mr. STUART. I do not wish to indicate any
opposition to the resolution, but I ask that it may
lie over, in order that we may have an opportunity
of looking into it.
ThePRESIDENT. Theobjection being made,
the resolution must go over.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have no objection to the
postponement.
J The motion to postpone was agreed to.
INDIGENT INSANE.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, the Senate resumed,
as in Committee of the Whole, the considera-
tion of the bill making a grant of public lands to
the several States and Territories of the Union for
the benefit of indigent insane persons, the pending
question being on the amendment submitted by
Mr. Pettit, on the 9th instant, when the bill was
under consideration, to insert the following:
" Provided, That all the grants of land provided for by
this act shall be confined to such States as have public
lands m them equal to the amount hereby granted to such
State."
Mr. PETTIT. I rise, sir, not to detain the
Senate in the consideration of this bill, but for the
Furpose of withdrawing the amendment which
offered to it. In doing so, I wish simply to
state that I do not withdraw it because I yield the
idea that to the new States their own territory and
land ought to belong. That, I hold, should have
been the early policy of the Government; and, so
far as my vote now can go towards securing to
them what they ought to have had originally, I
shall be found pursuing such a course. But since
we have been informed by the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Dodge] that there is more insanity and
lunacy, not to say idiocy, in the old northern free
States than in the western and southern States, it
may be a matter of philanthropy and justice to
pass the bill as a remedy for that aillicted class.
In this state of things I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
ThePRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the Senator will have leave to withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. FOOT. I wish to offer an amendment,
which is recommended by the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. Before doing so, allow me to say that
I am entirely satisfied with the act of the Senator
from Indiana in withdrawing his amendment,
without indorsing his reason, or taking time, at
£ resent, to combat it. The Committee on Public
.ands have authorized and directed me to move
to amend the first section of the substitute reported
by them, by striking out the words—
kC And that the representation of any State shall not be
computed at le^ than faix members,"
and to insert in lieu thereof:
cc And that said apportionment shall be mado after fir3t
allotting to each State one bundled thousand acres."
The Committee on Public Lands bestowed very
much reflection and study upon the question of
the proper basis of the distribution of these lands
among the several States, having reference not
only to the present population of the States, but
also to the prospective and more rapidly increasing
population of the new States. To distribute these
lands among the several States according to their
population or representation, would not, in the
opinion of the committee, be quite just to the new
and less populous States at the present time. To
adopt the basis of territorial area, on the other
hand, would be doing injustice to the old and more
populous States. They adopted then the com-
pound ratio of population or representation and
territorial area, with a certain limitation. The
committee, after much reflection and consideration
upon the subject, came to the conclusion that this
constituted the most equitable basis upon which
they could propose the distribution of these lands.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to move to strike out
a portion of the first section of the substitute
reported by the committee, and I do not know to
what extent my objection has been obviated by
the amendment which has been just submitted. I
understand the Senator from Vermont to say that
the basis of distribution is a compound one—
that of representation in Congress, and the quan-
tity of square miles of land within the limits of
the States. Now, by taking either of these, great
injustice will be done to the State from whence I
come.
You provide that the area of a State shall not
be taken to exceed 50,000 square miles. The
State of California has nearly 150,000 square miles.
You then fix upon the basis of representation in
the other branch of Congress. The State of Cali-
fornia has but two members there, though she is
justly entitled, in my judgment, at this day, to at
least four members. This compound ratio, there-
fore, which has been fixed upon by the Committee
on Public Lands, will necessarily do great injustice
to that State by fixing upon the quantity of lands
to which she is entitled.
Now, whilst I am in favor of the general prin-
ciples of this bill, I am unwilling that this gross
injustice shall be done to the States which have a
larger quantity of land than that fixed as a max-
imum in this bill. I desire, therefore, to move to
strike out that portion of the bill which limits the
area of the States to fifty thousand square miles,
leaving each State to receive a quantity of land in
proportion to the amount which may be found
within its limits. My State is interested, as well
as other States, in providing for this numerous
class of people; for there are many insane people
there, who have gone from the older States, with
the anticipation, perhaps, of making fortunes very
suddenly; but finding themselves disappointed in
that, have become deranged, and are now charges
upon the people of that State for support. Unless
my difficulty be obviated by the amendment now
proposed, I shall move to strike out that proviso
in the first section.
Mr, FOOT. I propose, in order to meet the ob-
jection of the Senator from California, to withdraw
the amendment which I offered, and in lieu of it,
to move to strike out the whole of the proviso as
it at present stands, and to insert in lieu of it:
Prowled, That said apportionment shall be made after
first allotting to each State one hundred thousand acres.
These words are to take the place of the present
proviso, which reads:
"Provided, That the area of no State shall be computed
at inoiethan fifty thousand square mile«, and that the rep-
resentation of any State shall not be computed at less than
six members."
Mr. DAWSON. 1 have a suggestion to make
to which I should like to have an answer. As I
understand the bill, it proposes to allot to all the
States, except the old thirteen 
Mr. FOOT. To all the States—to each of the
thirty-one States—one hundred thousand acres is
first to be allotted. That will require three mil-
lions one hundred thousand acres out of the ten
millions of acres proposed to be granted. Then
the remaining six millions nine hundred thousand
acres will be apportioned upon the compound ra-
tio of representation and territorial area.
Mr. DAWSON. Then it is all right.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I shall ask for
the yeas and nays upon the passage of this bill.
I wish to say, however, that I dislike very much
to vote against it, considering the purposes to be
effected by it. I conceive, however, that this is a
much more objectionable mode of disposm0" of
the public lands than the distribution of their pro-
ceeds. It is true, that one of the objections which
I have had heretofore to the bill—that it made one
State a freeholder in another—is obviated by the
bill in its present form; yet, a State having no
lands within its limits is authorized to sell its land
scrip to individuals, and the assignee of the State
has the liberty of locating the land within the limits
of the new States. What will be the effect of this ?
It will be, that large bodies of land will fall into
the hands of speculators in the different States.
This is palpably unjust. There will be a hundred
thousand acres of land at first located by each of
the old States in a few of the new States, and the
lands will be in the hands of speculators, who will,
of course, sell them for the very highest possible
price which they can get. They hold them up or
lease them out.
Now, sir, if Senators from the old States knew
the great injury which it is to the new States to
have a large body of their best lands in the hands
of speculators, they would at once see that it
would be a great deal better to provide that the
one hundred thousand acres of land, or whatever
amount may be assigned to each State, should be
sold by the Government, and the proceeds paid over
to the different States. This would be much less
objectionable, and would do much less injury to
the new States than the bill in its present form.
This bill involves the same principle as to the dis-
position of theproceeds of the public lands, against
which we have heretofore been fighting;and it is
assuming a much more objectionable form in its
practical effect upon the country. I shall, there-
fore, ask for the yeas and nays upon the question
of the engrossment of the bill.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont. The
Senator from Mississippi does not propose to ask
for the yeas and nays on that?
Mr. ADAMS. No, sir.
The amendment was agreed to; and the substi-
tute of the committee, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to ask the gentleman who
has brought forward this bill, whether it gives
authority to any State—for instance, the State
which he represents—to locate its land scrip in the
State of California ? I have not been able to reail
the bill with a view to ascertain this.
Mr. FOOT. The question has been put to me
by several members. The bill has been once read
through; but some were then absent, and did not
hear its provisions in this respect. I can state to
the Senator that, so far from giving such authority
to any State to locate these lands in any other
State or Territory, it does, in express terms, pro-
hibit any such thing. No State is authorized to
locate its share of these lands in any other State or
Territory.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to ask another question.
Does this bill authorize a State which gets lands
to locate those lands within its own territory, if
there be vacant lands there?
Mr. FOOT. Certainly, it does.
Mr. GWIN. Then I wish to ask, further—I
shall get through with my difficulties in a moment
—can that State, if there be no lands there sub-
ject to entry at private sale, select such public
I lands as are within the State ?
I Mr. FOOT. The bill limits the location to lands
subject to private entry at $1 25 per acre at the
time.
Mr. GWIN. Although there are millions and
tens of millions of acres of land in California,
there is not a foot of public land in that condition.
There is not a foot of public land there subject to
sale at private entry; nor do I believe there will
be any for twenty years to come. If the Senator
will agree that where there are no such lands in
the land States, those States may locate their
lands on any of the unappropiiated public domain
in their own limits, I shall be perfectly willing to
agree to it. This bill, however, as it now stands,
gives no lands to California; and under its pro-
visions, my State will not be able to get any in
twenty years to come, in my opinion. If the
Senator will agree to this amendment, that, if, in
any of the land States where there are no lands
subject to sale at private entry, that State shall
select the quantity given in this bill from any other®
unappropriated public lands, I shall have no ob-
jection to the bill.
Mr. FOOT. My construction of the provisions
of the bill would be this; That such States as have
