1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•2063
will accommodate the post office as well as the
inspectors and employees of the custom-house.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 call the gentle-
man to order. The question of order is not
debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment not to be in order, upon the ground
that there is no law authorizing it.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 move to amend, in the
two thousand and twenty fourth line, by inserting
after the word " Vermont," the words " Platts-
burg, New York."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I raise the same
question of order in reference to that amendment,
that it is not authorized by any existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. Upon that ground the
Chair decides the amendment not to be m order.
Mi. FULLER. I move to increase the appro-
priation five dollars for each custom-house.
It is due perhaps, as chairman of the Commit-
tee on Commerce, that I should say a word in
reference to this Senate amendment. Our com-
mittee have had twenty-five applications for the
establishment of new custom-houses in different
oortions of the Union, accompanied with memo-
rials, references, and statistics, relative to the
places for which they were asked. The commit-
tee, after careful consideration of all these memo-
rial's and papers, have agreed to report in favor of
nine custom-houses.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
The gemleman from Maine is not explaining ins
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. So far as the gentleman
from Maine had proceeded in his remarks, the
Chair does not think they were in order. The gen-
tleman will confine himself to the amendment
under consideration.
Mr. FULLER. J will do so. If the gentleman
from Vnginia had waited for a moment, he would
have been able to see the pertinency of my re-
marks to the amendment under consideration.
Mr. LETCHER.. If I had waited, the gentle-
man's five minutes would have been out, and it
would have been too late.
Mr. FULLER. Well, sir, I was proceeding to
say that the Committee on Commerce had recom-
mended the erection of nine new custom-houses.
The Senate have incorporated all those in this
amendment, and seven in addition, which is very
moderate for the Senate.
Mr. JONES. I ask that the Chair enforce the
rule, and that the gentleman shall confine himself
to the explanation of his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will endeavor
t.o do so. But the Chair, in the confusion, has
not been able to hear enough of the gentleman's
remarks to tell whether he was in order or not.
Mr. FULLER, it is very hard speaking at
this late hour of the day. f suppose it is in order
to advocate the nine custom houses which the
Committee on Commerce m the House have agreed
to report in favor of.
Mr. JONES. I must call the gentleman to
order. It is not in order for the gentleman from
Maine.to make a report from the Committee on
Commerce.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not un-
derstand the gentleman as submitting a report.
Mr. FULLER. I do not know but what the
reasons which operated on the minds of the com-
mittee in favor of the nine, will apply with equal
force to the remaining seven. A prudent man,
with abundant means, would erect a suitable budd-
ing m which his business might be transacted; and
it is right and proper that the Government should
have suitable buildings for its employees. In order
to secure that object, the committee procured plans
and estimates for tiie different places for which
buildings were asked. The expense was placed
at $10,01)0, $30,000, $40,000, and #88,000. In
many instances it was found that the buildings
furnished convenient court-rooms and post offices,
as well as custom-houses.
[Here the hnmmer fell.]
Mr. WENT WORTH , of Illinois. I oppose
the amendment, and ask for the vote.
The question was taken; end the amendment
was rejected.
Mr.'MACY.* I demand tellers on the amend-
ment of the Senate.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Riddle and
Maxwell were appointed.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in, the tellers having reported— j
ayes 70, noes 52. !
One hundred and sixtieth amendment: ]
Sec. —• Ji d I'C it fur/her enabled, That the several i
sums mentioned m the preceding section of tins uel, as the
Cft of {fie buildings therein authorized to be constructed,
togethei with ten per cent, fheieon to cover the compensa-
tion of architects, superintendents, advertising, and other
contingent expenses, and so much as may he required to
puicliase suitable >ilfs for said buildings, he, and the same
are hereby, appropriated for the puipo-ses aforesaid out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise approprated:
Provided, That no money hereby appropriated shffll be used
or applied tor ihe purposes mentioned until a valid title to
the land for the site* ot mich buildings in each case, shall
be vested in the United States, and until the State shall
also duly release and ielmqm«h to the United States the
right to tax, or in any w.iy asses?, said site, or the pioperty
of the United States that may be thoteon, duitng the time
tli.u the said United States shall be or remain the owner
thereof.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. STUAR t\ of Michigan, demanded tellers
upon the amendment; which were ordered; and
Messrs. Hendricks and Ellison were appointed. ;
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 65, noes 53.
So the amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and sixty-first amendment:
Sec. — Jind he 11 farther ena< ted. That the Secretaiyof
the Tieasurv lie, and he is hereby, authorized and dueetod
to e.iu^e to be constructed the following buildings:
At NfW Oih-ans, Louisiana, a ui.-uuk' hospital, to cost
not mere than s"24ri.OOO ; and when said hospital shall have
: be>- n completed, the Seeteiary ol the Treasury shall cause
; the oJd hospital at New Orleans* to be sold, and the pro-
ceeds thereol to be placed in the Tieasuiy of the United
Stales.
; At Detroit, Michigan, a marine hospital, to cost not more
. than jy,5,000. *
i At Pensacola, Florida, a marine hospital, to cost not
! more than ,$\><)50<i0.
I At Burlington, 111 the State of Iowa, a maiine hospital,
to cost not more than $1.'>,0(H).
.Skc. —• *dnd he it further enacted, That the several
sums mentioned in the preceding section as the cost of the
buildings theicm auihouzed to be const)ucted, together
with ten per cent, thereon, to cover the compensation of
aichitects, superintendents, advertising, and other contin-
gent expeiiM s, ami so much as m.ty be required 10 purchase
.-tillable sites lot said buildings, be, and the same aie here-
by, appropriated (or the puiposes aforesaid, out of any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated Provided,
That nomone} herein nppiopuated shall bended 01 applied
lor the purposes mentioned, until a valid title to the land
lor the site ot Mich buildings, m each ea>e, shall be vested
in the United Stales, and until each Slate shall al.-o duly
rt lease and relinquish to the United States, the right to tax !
01 in any way assess said site,*br tin* property of the United j
St.ites that may be thereon, during the time {hat the United I
States thai! be or remain the owner thereof. |
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence in the amendment.
Mr. .IONRS, of Louisiana. I move to amend
the Senate amendment, ns follows:
At the end of line two thousand and seventy-seven, in-
sert the following:
At Shreveport,~Loui^iana, a marine hospital to cost, with
the site on which it shall be built, not leys than $-Jo,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The amendment
is not m order. There is no law for .the work.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is not in order, and therefore
decides the question of order well taken. ;
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I would inquire of
the Chair if the Senate has the power of putting
into a bill of the House an amendment which is
not in order to the bill, while we in the House
are excluded from making any such amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will see
how that can very well be done. The Senate
rules of order are very different from our rules of
order.
Mr. HENN. I move to strike out the word
14 fifteen"in the two thousand and eighty-third line,
and insert in lieu thereof the word " twenty," so
that the appropriation for the marine hospital at
Burlington, Iowa, shall be $,*20,000 instead of
$15,000. 1 move the amendment for the purpose of
enabling me «o nay a woid or two m behalf of that
appro]-)!latum. Burlington is situated between the
two rapids of the Mississippi river, and ix the most
important pomt above St. Louis, and the most
suitable for a marine hospital. In the winter
time it is impossible for seamen and manners to
get either up or down the river, if caught in the
rapids when winter overtakes them. There are
no less than six hundred and fifty-eight beats
tiadhiir at that point, and there lias been paid into
the hospital fund at that point, by the mariners ,
engaged in the trade, up to this time, §20,000, and !
! E merely propose to increase the amount in the
j bill to such a sum as will make it equal to what
! has been actually paid to that fund by mariners
: who have been engaged on the boats trading at
' this very point.
| There has been appropriated for the lower Mis-
; sissippi the sum of $239,000 for marine hospitals.
| There has been appropriated for marine hospitals,
| outside of this Congress, $186,000 for the Ohio
; river, but there has never been appropriated any-
! thing: for the upper Mississippi, except &41,000 for
! a marme hospital at St. Louis; and it is important
• that we should have a hospital at some pointabove
| that. This is the only one in the bill for that part
of the country, and I hope the committee will m-
: crease the amountto £20,000, and that theamend-
i ment of the Senate will be adopted.
! Mr. H1BBARD. I hope the amendment will
I not be adopted. This Senate amendment pro-
1 poses to appropriate, for the construction of the
: buildings alone, the large sum of $.358,000, and
| the next section adds ten per cent, for the pay-
j ment q/ architects, superintendents, and incidental
j expenses connected with their construction, which
1 will amount to $35,800 more; making in ail
i $393,800, and beyond tnat, there is in the section
I this remarkable provision:
| t£ And so much a« may he required to purchase suitable
I sit«N f'oi said buildings he, and the same is hereby, appro-
1 printed tor the puipo^es aforesaid out of any money in the
j TreaMiiy not otherwise appropriated.''
| This Senate amendment then goes on to appro-
! pi iate money for the sites of these buildings with-
out specifying the sum, thereby giving an unlim-
: ited discretion as to the sum to be expended for
; such purposes, and the expense will hardly be less
than $100,000.
j Mr. HENN, 1 would ask the gentleman if
j this committee have not adopted, in the section
' immediately preceding the one under considera*
i tion, a provision exactly similar to this one?
! Mi. HIBBARD. Well, I think the committee
i did wrong. 1 did not vote for it. I think we are
1 going to very great extremes by voting- such a
I provision as this into the appropriation bill. It
i is a kind of legislation which, if not actually un~
j precedented, is almost so, and I trust this commit-
I tee will not pursue it any further.
; These sites cannot cost less than $100,000,
j making in all $493,000. That sum will not begin
j to erect those buildings. Next year we shall be
! asked for a sum as large as this, and for years to
j come we shall be called upon to continue the ap-
i propnations; and I say that the amount of mil-
j lions of dollars will not pay the expense of erect-
| ing these buildings, if we once lay the founda-
1 tions by this appropriation.
! I submit to the committee whether there is one
| of these marine hospitals which would obtain
fifty votes if it stood alone. No one, if consid-
ered upon its own mei its, could receive fifty votes
I in this House. Sir, we are now asked to vote an
appropiiution of more than half a million of dol-
; lars in this single clause to the bill; and that, I
ask gentlemen to remember, to a bill which al-
1 ready appropriates between seventy and eighty
! millions.
| [Here the hammer fell.]
[Loud cries of "Question !" "Question !"]
! Mr. ZOLLiCOFFER,. 1 raise a question of
order in reference to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Iowa. The 81st rule provides that
, no amendment shall be in order to an appropria-
1 tion bill making an appropriation which is not
provided for by law. 1 submit that the amend-
j: ment of the gentleman is not provided for by la,w.
i! The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
:j amendment is in order.
j Mr. ZOLL1COFFER. The proposition of the
: gentleman is to increase the Senate amendment
; from $90,000 to $25,000. Jn other words, he
| proposes to make an appropriation of $5,000
which is not authorized by law. Other amend-
■ ments have been ruled out of oider upon precisely
' the same grounds; and 1 must submit, that if they
1 were out of order under the 81st rule, this is also
' out of order under the snrne rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of th^ opin-
ion that the amendmnet of the gentleman from
Iowa is in oider. It simpiv proposes to strike
out the sum named, and to n.sert a different one.
■ The principle of the rule is disregarded, it is true,
! but the language of me amendment is such that it
I cannot be ruled out of order. It is in order to
