496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28.
land surveying service. Such allowance, based
on the aggregate amount of acres above specified,
would amount to §9,952 for all the past. As re-
gards the future, he claims the extension of the
same allowance to twenty-one years from the date
of his patent—February 25, 1836—which would
reach to February 25,1857."
The transcendent merits of this instrument in
the public land surveys, consists in the facility
with which it determines the true meridian, from
which, by the mechanical construction and grad-
uation of the compass, any and all angles or
courses may be determined. Thus the surveyor,
by a simple operation, is enabled to arrive at accu-
rate results; and whatever may be the local causes
surrounding him, which but serve to distract the
operator with the ordinary compass, he is by this
instrument enabled promptly to proceed in his
labof-s without any misgivings, delays, or inter-
ruptions.
Nearly twenty years of anxious thought and
study, and thousands of dollars, have been spent
by him in bringing this instrument to perfection,
and eighty dollars is all the remuneration he has
received from it.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not mean to dispute the
merit of this gentleman's invention; but it seems to
me that we shall be introducing a dangerous prin-
ciple, and setting: a bad example by the passage of
this bill. The Constitution has provided that in-
ventors shall be rewaided by having secured to
them a patent for a limited period. That, it seems
to me, is the true mode of providing for inventors.
But here is a proposition to give an appropriation
directly out of the public Treasury. It maybe,
that in this particular instance, this gentleman is
entitled to what is proposed; but it will be setting
an example which will certainly be followed, and
which, it seems to me, will lead to a great deal of
mischief. When I say that he may perhaps be
entitled, I do not mean that he has any just claim
^against the United States, but I mean to say that
this perhaps is as strong a case of that nature as
can be presented. But 1 am against setting such
precedents, against beginning with such examples.
This may not'be the firstcaseof the kind. I recol-
lect others in which inventors have sent a petition
to Congress, asking a reward for their discoveries,
for which they could not be paid by the commu-
nity at large. If we once begin this, we shall find
that we are beginning to take a troublesome sub-
ject of jurisdiction into our hands. Nordol think
that any inventor can claim more of us than that
which is accoided to him by the Constitution of
the United States—a patent to be issued under our
laws. For the rest, we buy his instruments as
everybody else does, if we need them. And if it
should so happen that he has given his ingenuity
a direction in which a profit cannot be reached in
money, he must take his chance for that compen-
sator), which is all that many of those who make
discoveries and inventions obtain—the reputation
and fame which they acquire from them.
Mr. STUART. I certainly did not expect that
this bill would produce any discussion in the Sen-
ate, particuluily nfier the reading of the report,
and the recommendation of the Commissioner of
theGeneial Land Office. I beg leave to say in
the outset that all I desire, and that, I may say, I
do desire, is that every Senator will give his at-
tention to it; and if, understanding the facts, the
Senate, or the Congress of the United States, reject
this bill, I will confess myself more disappointed
than [ have been yet at any of their action.
The Senator fiom Virginia has not sought to
show, as 1 understand him, that Congress did not
possess the constitutional power to do this thing,
although that is one of the most convenient argu-
ments of the day; but his objection is put upon
the ground that this man must stand where every
other inventor stands, and reap his profit from the
sale of his invention in the market. It was, sir,
but the other day that we gave more money than
is provided for in this bill to be distributed, accord-
ing to the opinion of the Committee on Military
Affairs, to persons who had made certain inven-
tions in leference to percussion caps. There were
two or three claimants to the invention; and we
passed here, and without debate, a bill which paid
v money out of the Tieasury of the United States
to those gentlemen who were officers in the Army.
Sir, I then thought, and I think now, that a pretty
good argument might be got up upon the ground
that a man who was in the employ of the United
States, and was paid by the United States, owed
his duties and all his time to the United States.
That was suggested to the Senate, but a point
was not made upon it.
Now, sir, here is a case in which a man has
made an invention which, it instated by the Com-
missioner, saves fourteen dollars a mile in the
surveys of the public lands. I need not explain
this to have every Senator understand it. Four-
teen dollars is saved on every mile. It has been
saved in Michigan, in Wisconsin, in Arkansas, in
Ohio, and it will be saved throughout the State
which you, sir, represent, [Mr. Weller tempor-
arily occupying the chair.] This is not a matter
of opinion. It is a matter which has been de-
monstrated. We have the reports and statements
of gentlemen who have tried it in the Lake Supe-
rior region. They not only state that the needle
there will vary, but that it will absolutely point
south, in consequence of the local attraction; and
that without this invention, or something just like
it, the surveys could not be made unless at a vast
expense, and that if made at all, they would -be
made as you see the lines in the State of Arkansas,
in the shape of an Indian bow.
Now, what is proposed by this bill? It is pro-
posed to give the man who has made this inven-
tion, which is saving millions of dollars to the
Government of the United States and its people,
$15,000 for all the use of it that the Government
has had, and for the use of it, undisputed, for all
time to come. It is answered to this, that he has
a patent. He has received only eighty dollars for
patented instruments which he has sold; and why?
Because the Government of the United States con-
controls all surveys. If the Government would let
out these surveys to individuals by contracting in
all cases, when the contractois found they could
not run the lines without Burt's solar compass being
used, they would be obliged to pay his price,or not
run the line. But we hold the monopoly of the
surveys. And here is a man who saves millions of
dollars to the Government by his invention. The
Senator from Virginia well says, it is the strongest
case that can be presented to Congress; and yet,
if we follow the advice of that Senator, we are
about to refuse to give him $15,000 for it.
Mr. President, I cannot consent, unless it is
made necessary, to consume the time of the Sen-
ate in talking upon this question. But I do say,
that if ever a case was presented where the Gov-
ernment was called upon to measure out, not jus-
tice, but a certain amount of justice, where an im-
mense amount is due, to a citizen of the United
States, this is that case. But I do not desire, nor
do I design that this bill shall go through the Sen-
ate of the United States without consideration, and
without the deliberate judgment of every Senator.
I have stated the facts in the main briefly, very
briefly indeed; but I do think that the facts them-
selves will so impress the subject upon the minds
of Senators, that they cannot m justice, or with
any proper sense of justice, refuse to grant a small
pittance to an inventor who has thus saved mil-
lions of money to the Government of the United
States.
Mr. SLtDELL. It is desirable to have an Ex-
ecutive session; I therefore move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION".
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business; and, after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 28, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicf.r.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the War Department, informing
the House that he had transmitted therewith two
hundred and fifty copies of the official Army Re-
gister of 1854, for the use of the members of the
House of Representatives.
The communication was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is upon the motion to iefer to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union the bill grant-
ing a portion of the public lands to the State of
Wisconsin, to aid in the construction of a certain
railroad and branch railroad in said State. Upon
that proposition the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Bissell] had obtained the floor.
Mr. DA WSON. Is it not in order to make a
motion that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order to do so
if the gentleman had obtained the floor, but he
cannot take the floor from the gentleman from Il-
linois during the morning hour.
Mr. EWING. Is it in order to rise to a ques-
tion of privilege?
The SPEAKER. That question is always in
order, unless some other privileged motion shuts
it out.
Mr. EWING. The Committee of Elections,
to whom was referred the petition of George W.
Isaacs and others, in reference to the proposed
contest of the right of Hon. Mike Walsh to a seat
upon this floor, have, in a meeting at which I was
not present, but in the conclusions to which they
came 1 fully agree, directed me to report back the
memorial to the House, and ask leave to be dis-
charged from its further consideration. The me-
morial, I may as well state, is unsupported and
uncorroborated by any proof whatever, but is ac-
companied by a rather unusual proposition, and
the unprecedented request, that a commission be
sent to New York to take this proof. 1 ask leave
that the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the matter.
It was so ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question first in order
is upon referring to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union the bill granting a por-
tion of the public lands to the State of Wisconsin,
to aid m the construction of a railroad, and a
branch railroad, in said State. Upon this motion
the gentleman from Ij/inois [Mr. Bissell] had ob-
tained the floor, k/
Mr. BISSELL. *4n obtaining the floor I had
no purpose to say anything more than to correct,
very briefly, some of the errors into which the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] over the
way, I thought, had fallen in the remarks which he
made in opposition to the passage of the bill now
before the House. I do not design to do anything
more than that now. The principle of granting por-
tions of the public domain for the purpose of aiding
in the construction of public works, especially rail-
roads, was, I thought, well settled in this House
and the country. I say, I thought that the prin-
ciple of these grants was well settled, and that the
country, Congress, and the Executive, had become
convinced of the correctness of that policy. Nor
is it a recent policy at all. It is a policy which
dates as far back as the birth of the oldest State
which was formed out of the public domain. Not
a State has been carved out of the public domain
which has not received the benefit of this particu-
lar policy; not always in the precise form pro-
vided for in this bill, but substantially in the same
mode. I thought, more especially since our ex-
perience of the last two or three years, that this
policy might be regarded as the settled policy of
the countiy. I was surprised to hear the gentle-
man from Tennessee, who is not now in his seat,
I regret to see, allude to our experience connected
with the Illinois Central railroad,and attempt to
deduce from that argumerts in opposition to this
policy. My purpose, at the time 1 obtained the
floor, was mainly to refer to the history ofvthe Illi-
nois Central railroad, for which a magnificent do-
nation of land was made by Congress in proof
and for the purpose of sustaining the correctness
of the policy embraced in these bills.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
held in his argument, that the State of Illinois
itself had been a great sufferer and loser in conse-
quence of the action which had been had in ref-
erence to the grant made by Congress to that
State for the Central railroad. There never was
a greater mistake. 1 affirm here, and if 1 can
stand upon my feet long enough I can prove, that
not only the State of Illinois, but that the General
Government and the settlers of Illinois, "have all
profited by that grant. What is true of that grant
will be true of similar grants made for similar
purposes.
The tract of country through which the Cen-
tral railroad mainly runs, is m a portion of the
State so remote from market, and so destitute of
