2064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1.
move to increase the appropriation, and that is
what the amendment proposes to do.
Mr. ZOJLLICOFFER, Amendments have been
offered by other gentlemen to-day, and have been
ruled out of order, upon the same rule, i appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
taken, and decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. Henn's amendment was then disagreed to.
The question then recurred upon concurring in
the Senate's amendment.
Mr. HUNT. For the purpose of saying a
word in reference to the item for New Orleans, I
move to increase the appropriation $20,000.
Mr. Chairman, this amendment is based upon
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury, which
I hold in my hand, accompanied by documents
supporting the recommendation. 1 am not in-
formed, from my own observation,as to the pres-
ent condition of the hospital upon the opposite
side of the river from the city of New Orleans. I
think the site was an injudicious one, in the first
instance. Bat, sir, if the House desires to be in-
formed upon the subject, the report and accompa-
nying documents may be read. [ am sure tha'
blindly to non-concur m the amendment would
be to do great injustice to the case.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 believe there is
already a\marine hospital at New Orleans, or
rather upon the opposite side of the river, at Al-
giers, and the proposition now is made to seil
that hospital, put the pioceeds in the Treasury,
and establish one upon the city side of the river.
Mr, HUNT. That is the proposition.
Mr. JONES. I am not very well acquainted
with the farts, but it strikes me that the best place
for the hospital is upon the opposite side of the
river, where it is.
Mr. HUNT. The doctors disagree with you.
[Laughter.] The doctor is a better judge of dis-
eases than the honorable member. It is said that
patients, in crossing the river, are exposed to the
elements, to the sun and the rain; that it takes a
long time to carry them to the hospital, and that
death frequently occurs in consequence.
Now, it is urged that the hospital should be on
the side where the vessels lie, and to which the
patients can be carried without exposure and re-
sort to the river, which is sometimes contrary in
its eddies, and will not always allow crossing with
safety. In this report, too, it is said that the
building is in a dilapidated condition, and is not
sufficiently commodious for the purpose for which
it was erected. 1 derive my information from the
documents. And it is further said that it has not
those adjacent grounds which are fit for a hos-
pital. It is recommended by the doctor who has
charge of the hospital, that they should have the
use of the hospital for soldiers, which is on the
same side of the river with the city, find which
may be made convenient for about §7,000. The
grounds adjacent to the hospital there amount to
twenty acres, while there are but three hundred
feet, or yards, m the grounds of the hospital on
the other side of the river. The hospital in the
city l* accessible at all times, and can moie easily
be leached than the one across the river. Twenty-
eight thousand dollars will repair the present hos-
pital on the side of the river on which it stands;
but it is said that it ought not to be repaired, in
consequence of its not serving the purpose for
which it was built.
M r. JON ES, of Tennessee, In this, as in al-
most eve:y other case during this session, the rec-
ommendation of the Secretary of the Treasury is
appealed to. If the Secretary gains notoriety for
anything while at the head of his Department, it
wil! surely he for his recommendations of custom-
houses and marine hospitals. [Laughter.] These
recommendations will mark the era of his admin-
istration. In after times it will be referred to as
the administration of the Treasury Department
for recommending custom-houses and marine hos-
pitals. So far has the Secretary gone, that he even
recommends the selling of one hospital that another
may be built. [Laughter]
The question was taken; and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I move to increase
the appropriation one dollar.
Mr. Chairman, i move the amendment for the
purpose of stating one or two facts which it is
important the committee should know to come to
! a proper conclusion on this subject. The New
j Orleans marine hospital is not on the same side of
i the river as the city, but is on the opposite side,
■ at a considerable town called Algiers. That is a
| low, swampy place, and the building there is now
' m a dilapidated condition. The committee has
; heard what my colleague has said on the subject,
j This is the fact to which 1 would call the atten-
I tion of the committee. The Opelousas railroad
is now being constructed from Algiers to the West,
i When constructed, these hospital grounds will be
i greatly enhanced in value. Theamountfor which
they might be sold would go far to construct a new
! marine hospital m New Orleans, where the hos-
, pita! ought to be; for there the steamboats stop
! and the hands land. Then, inasmuch as the Gov-
J ernment will be able, m consequence of the con-
struction of this Opelousas railroad, to sell the
| property in Algiers for a largely increased value,
, and inasmuch as what will result from the sale
j will enable the Government of the United States
j to build a new hospital in New Oileans, I do not
see what objection there can be to the amendment
of the Seriate.
1 Mr. LETCHER. I do not exactly see the j
i force of the argumentof my friend here. He says ;
that this marine hospital is now m Algiers. He j
says that is a bad location. Well, was it consid- i
ered such when the building was constructed j
there? I imagine when the hospital was first lo-
cated there that it was taken to be a preferable
location over New Orleans. But the object now
is to get nd of this point at the termination of the
i railroad for the purpose of building another house ;
i in the city of New Orleans, to add, in connection
with the customhouse, which cost three or four '
millions of dollars, to the value of real estate ,
theie. i
Thegentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] has
, said that this Administration is likely to be char- :
actenzed for its skill and efficiency m pulling 1
down and putting up houses, if it is never marked !
by anything else.
[Here the hammer fell.] j
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I withdraw my ■
amendment. ' i
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the commit- j
tee rise. i
The motion was disagreed to.
The question then recfced upon concurring in
the Senate amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, demanded tel-
lers; which were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment of the Senate was non-concurred in.
Mr. WESTBROOIC. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was disagreed to.
One hundred and sixty-second amendment:
Si-c. :i. Jlud be it further enacted, That the third section
of tiie act making appropriations tor the civil and diplomatic
expend-- of the Government, tor the year ending the30fh of
June, 1851, piovidmg tor the clarification of the clerk-; in
the Treasuiv, War, Navy, Interior, and Post Office De-
paitmenls, as amended by the act of Apnl 22 1854, shall
be, and the same is hereby. further amended as' follow*, to
wit: fn the office of the First Comptroller there shall be
two additional clerks, of class three ; and in the oflice of
the Fust Auditor there shall be one clerk taken from class
three and placed m class four, and four additional clerks
allowed, of class three; and m the office of the Second
Auditor there fchall be one additional eleik, of class one;
and m the Third Auditor's office five clerks shall be taken
from class three and placed in class?four, and twenty-seven
teuipoiary eleiks shall he placed in cid^> one, ami one tem-
i porary clerk in ela^s four, and four temporary clerks in
class two; and in the ofhee of the Fomth Auditor there
shall be one additional cletk, of cla^ thiee; and in the
1 Sixth Auditor'-, office one olcik shall be taken from class
three and placed in class four, and there shall be added to
the clerks in this office ten of class one; and in the Reg-
ister's ofhee two clerks shall be taken from class three and
placed in class four, and two additional cleiks added of
class one ; and in the Treasurer's office one clerk shall be
taken from class two and one cletk from class three and
placed m c!a^« four, and two additional clerks allowed to
class one; and in the General Land Office the principal
draughtsman shall be classed and paid as a clerk of the
third cia-s, and the assistant draughtsman as a clerk of the 1
second cla-s ; and in the othec of the Secretaiy of War
theie shall be added one cleik of cia« four; in the
office of the Adjutant Genera! there shall be one additional ,
clei k oi class one; and in the office of the Topographical |
Engineer one scientific draughtsman as a clerk "of class
four; and for the supenntendeney of the building on the 1
comet ot F and Seventeenth streets, the Secretary of War 1
is authorized to appoint «orne one clerk of las Department 1
other than the dwburhing clerk for lliat purpose, who shall
be allowed, in addition to his salary as clerk. ^200 per an- ,
nuiri, and in the office of the Po>tma.-ter General th/'ie '
shall he seven additional clerks, viz; four of class two, two i
of class three, and one of class four; and m the office of the
Attorney General, in heu of the clerks now authorized by
law, there shall be one chief clerk, at a salary of .>-*2,200,
one clerk of class one, two ofclass two, one of class three,
and one of class four. And the President of the United
Slates is hereby authorized, whenever it may, in his judg-
ment, be necessary, to cause counsel to be employed to
assisl in the prosecution or defense of causes which ma) he
pending iri the Supreme Court in which the United States
are interested, and to allow to such counsel such compen-
sation as he may deem reasonable. And in the Department
of State, instead of the clerks now authorized by law, there
shall be four clerks of class one, three of class two, seven of
class three, and four of class four, one clei k of class four to
be designated to superintend the northeast Executive .Build-
ing, and to disburse ajl moneys belonging to the service of
said Department, not otherwise provided for, who shall
give bonds as required by the independent treasury act,
and receive an additional compensation therefor of ^-200
per annum. There shall be one chief of the diplomatic,
and one chief of the consular branch of the public service ;
and one examiner of demands for indemnity preferred by
citizens of the United States against Governments and of
the latter against the former, who shall also peitorm such
other duties as the Secretary of State may designate, each
of whom shall receive an annual salary of" £2,UU0 ; and the
chief clerk of said Department shall be allowed compen-
sation of $2,200 per annum. No clerk not now employed
in the State Department shall hereafter be appointed until
he has been examined by a board to consist of three exam-
iners, to be selected by the Secretary of State, and found
qualified in certain particulars, to be prescribed by the said
Secietary in fixing beforehand a general standard of quali-
fications for the clerks to be employed in his Department.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following'
substitute for that whole section:
iAnd be it further enacted, That there be appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.,
a sum sufficient to pay to the clerks and employees of the*
Government, for the year ending 9th June, 1855, such
additional compensation as they may be entitled to receive
under the act of 22d April, 18o4, entitled " An act to amend
the third section of the act making appropuanoiis for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending 30th June, 1854, and for other purposes," and
whose additional compensation is not otherwise provided
for: Provided, That all laborers in the employment of the
Executive departments of the Government m the city of
Washington shall receive an annual salary of $4 SO each :
Provided further, That the Postmaster Gem- ral be allowed,
m addition to his present number, three clerks of cla&s two,
and two of class three; that the Attorney General be allowed
in addition to his present number, one clerk of cla>s one,
two oi class two, anil one of class three ; that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury he allowed m the Sixth Auditor's office,
in addition to the present number, seven clerks of class one,
one shall be taken from class three and put in class four;
and in the Treasurer's office one clerk shall be taken from
class two and one from class three and put in class four ;
and that the money necessary to pay the compensation,
and increased compensation under this section he, and the
same is hereby, appropriated.
The question was taken; and the amendment
of the Committee of Ways and Means was agreed
to.
Mr. STRATTON. I propose to amend the
amendment as follows:
Provided, further, That appointments shall hereafter be
made to nil vacancies in the seveial Depaitments from such
States as have the smallest number of employees m pro-
portion to population.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. We cannot limit the appointing
power.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is not in order. Its effect
would be to change the existing law.
Mr. STRATTON. The amendment of the
Committee of Ways and Means, I believe, speci-
fies the manner m which they shall be appointed.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama offered his amendment as a substitute for
the Senate amendment, which is in order. But
the amendment of the gentleman from New Jersey
proposes to prescribe, by a new law, how, and in
what manner, the appointments shall be made.
Mr. STRATTON. But the amendment of the
gentleman from Alabama also prescribes the
manner in which the appointments shall be made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment of the gentleman from New Jersey
out of order.
One hundred and sixty-third amendment:
Page eighty-nine, line two thousand one hundred and
seventy-five, insert the following:
Stc.—. Jlud he it fuiUicr cnacted, That the provisions
of the second section of the act of of Apni, 1854. en-
titled " An act to amend the third section of the act making
appropnation-s for the civil and diplomatic expenses of wov
eminent tor the year ending the iWth June, Js54.and for other
purposes," be, and the same are heioby, repealed A nd from
and after the 1st day of July, 1354, the annual salaiy of the
stamp and blank as^nt for the Po t Ofhco Department shall
be the same as ekrksin Uie departments of the second cla«s ;
and that of the clerk m the oflice of the Coiumi^ioTiei of
Public i>iuSd;n</> the same as cleiks of the first c ; and
the Secretaries of State, Treasury, Interior, Wai, and
