THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2, 1854.
New Series.....No. 130,
Navy, Postmaster General, and Attorney General, be au-
thorised to employ one principal messenger each, at an an-
nual salary of $900, in lieu of those now so employed, and
the salary of all other messengers and assistant messen-
gers, including the packerain the Genera! Land Office, now
authorized by law to be employed in the Executive Depart-
ments in Washington, the messenger in the office of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, doorkeeper and assist-
ant doorkeeper at the Executive Mansion, and keeper of
the western gate, Capitol square, and the keeper of Lafay-
ette square, shall be $750 per annum; and the annual sal-
ary of the watchmen employed at the Capitol, President's
House, and the Executive Departments, and the Auxiliary j
Guards, and th^walchmen of the Capitol extension, shall be j
$750; and the public gardener shall receive $1,400 per an- j
num ; and the captain of the police of the Capitol shall re- j
cexve $1,600, and each of his assistants §1,300 each per ;
annum ; and all laborers in the employment of the Execu- 1
tive Departments m the city of Washington shall reccive |
an annual salary of $480 each; and for the payment of the
excess of the sums herein required to be paid over and
above those elsewhere contained in this act lor said pay-
ment, there shall be added thereto respectively such further
sums as, together, will equal the amounts herein authorixed,
ont of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated.
Mr. HAVEN, The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Mississippi. 1 move to
amend the amendment of the Senate by adding
the following proviso:
Provided) That none of the draughtsmen in the hydro-
graphical and topographical survey shall be allowed less
than is now paid to the lowest grade of clerks in the other
Departments of Government.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I raise the point
of order that that amendment is not in order. It
proposes to change the existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
point of order well taken, and rules the amend-
ment out of order.
The question was then taken upon agreeing to
the Senate amendment; and it was decided in the
negative.
So the Senate amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and sixty-fourth amendment:
Sec. — -And be ift farther enacted, That from and after
the 30th of June, 1653, the pay of the librarian of Congress
shall be $2,000; the pay of the two principal assistants
each, $1,800 ; and that of the third assistant, $1,200 ; and
that of the messenger, $1,900.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence in that amendment.
The amendment was-non-concurred in.
Mr. PECHKAM. I move that the committee
do now rise.
[Cries of " No!" " No !*' and confusion.] * .
The motion was not agreed to. j
One hundred and sixty-fifth amendment: j
Sec.—. Jindbe Ufurther enacted, That the collections j
of the exploring expedition, now in the Patent Office, be
placed under the care and management of the Commie- |
sioner of Patents, who is hereby authorized to employ one
principal keeper of said collections at an annual salary of
$900, one assistant keeper at an annual salary of $750, one
mgfttwatchman atan annual salary of $600, and two la-
borers at an annual salary each of $365.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
ofWays and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence in that amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in. .
One hundred and sixty-sixth amendment:
Sec. —. ietf/urf/iercarted,Thatallpersonsclaim-
mg any interest in, or portion of, any grant of land derived
from the Spanish or Mexican Governments In Upper Califor- :
nia, where such original grant has heretofore been presented
to the board of land commissioners within the time specified
inthethirteenth section of the act of the 3d of March, 1851,
but who have failed to present to the said board the evi-
dence of their derivative title to said interest or portion
from the original grantee, be, and they are hereby, author-
ized to present the same ; and the said commissioners are
hereby directed to adjudicate the said interest orportion in
the same manner as if it had been presented within the
time originally prescribed by the aforesaid act of the 3d of
March, 1851, entitled "An act to ascertain aud s>ettle the
private land claims in the State of California."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
jn that amendment.
Mr. McDOUGALL, i move tu add fivt> dollars
;o the appropriation.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to submit a word or two
on this amendment before the committe* acta upon
it. The Committee of Ways and Means have
recommended a non-concurrence. 1 must sup-
pose that they have not investigated or considered
the amendment proposed by the Senate, or they
would have determined otherwise. In my judg-
ment, there is no provision in the bill equally im-
portant with this.
By the treaty with Great Britain for the settle-
ment of our northwestern boundary, the posses-
sory rights of the Hudson's Bay Company were
confirmed to them. What these possessory rights
were, no one then knew, what they now are, no
one knows. It appears it is a fact, that, upon
some vague and undefined pretense of right, that
company now claim a large portion of the'best
and most available lands in the Territory of
Washington—lands needed for settlement, and
needed for the development of the resources of the
country. This uncertain, undefined, and, at most,
temporary claim, is a serious obstacle to the set-
tlement and progress of one of our most valuable
possessions on the Pacific. Puget'sSound ranks
next to the Bay of San Francisco, and its depend-
ent country is yet to constitute one of the great
States of the Confederacy. It would be a wise,
just, and most politic act on the part of this Gov-
ernment to open up the whole of that country to
settlement, and relieve it from the incubus of a
foreign incorporation, in foreign interests, with
foreign sympathies, claiming, with uncertain and
doubtful right, the fairest portion of the country.
I ask why it is not? I insist it is as legitimate to
extinguish the title of the Hudson's Bay Com-
g§ny, as to extinguish the Indian titles to lands
within our Territories.
The importance of developing the resources of
our northwestern coast is, 1 believe, understood
by this committee. I only wish to call its atten-
tion to the fact that the extinguishment of this
claim is essential to the prosperity and progress
of that important portion of our country. In this
matter I have no interest; the people of that coun-
try are not my constituents; indeed, 1 have been
informed here that the people of Puget's Sound
are to be the antagonists and rivals of my own
people in the great commerce of the East. And
this may be so; and the bare possibility of the
fact is alone sufficient reason why their rights of
property should be ascertained and settled with-
out delay. I insist, sir, that this amendment is
both politic and just, and should be adopted by
the committee.
Mr. PHELPS. I have but a few words to say
in opposition to the amendment submitted by the
gentleman from California. In the first place,
this is not the proper bill, nor time, for any gen-
eral legislation concerning the proceedings in any
court of justice, or any of the land courts of Cal-
ifornia. In 1851 we made provision for the estab-
lishment of a board of commissioners to adjudi-
cate land titles in California. At this very session
of Congress we have prolonged the time for which
that commission was appointed; and if a neces-
sity had existed at the passage of that bill for such
a provision aG this of the Senate's amendment, I
would ask whv the Representatives of that State
failed to have it then inserted? I am opposed
to this hasty legislation—a legislation which may
seriously affect the proceedings of the board of
commissioners, now sitting in California.
There is this objection to the amendment. Sup-
pose a Mexican or a Spanish citizen presented
his claim to the board of commissioners, claim-
ing to derive his title to land from the Mexican,
or Spanish Governments, and the board of com-
missioners decided adversely to it. Then another
person, claiming an interest in the same alleged
grant, comes forward, and, by the provision of
this amendment, files his title papers, and claims
that his case shall be adjudicated. His interest
all depends on the alleged grant which had pre-
viously been decided on adversely by the commis-
sioners. Thus you will have a new case brought
up for adjudication, embracing precisely the same
subject-matter as the one already decided, viz:
the validity of the grant from the Mexican or
Spanish Government ft was for these reasons
that the Committee of Ways and Means con-
cluded to recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
Mr. PECKHAM. There is, as I observe, no
limitation in the amendment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The commission expires
on the 4th of March next.
Mr. PHELPS. Let me say, in addition, that
if this amendment be concurred in, the commission
will not expire on the 4th of March next. At
the next session we shall be called on to further
extend their time for the purpose of allowing an
adjudication of these claims.
[Cries of " (Question !"]
Mr. HOWE. There appears in the amend-
ment to be no limitation as to the time within which
these claims shall be presented; and to remedy the
defect, I move to add the following:
Provided, That no such claim shall be adjudicated which
shall not be presented on or before the 4Ui day of March
neit-
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is no ne-
cessity for that amendment. You have already
extended the time of the commission, and you
may do it again.
Mr. HOWE. It appears to me that if the
amendment of the Senate is to be adopted, it is
necessary that we should provide a limitation
within which theBe claims shall be presented. I
think such a provision should be added as a matter
of safety.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not object to the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
It is right; but I do insist that there Ehall be a fair
hearing for that class of claims which have been
excluded by a misinterpretation of the law. These
claimants are almost the entire American popula-
tion of the Pacific coast.
But the gentleman says that we had a lawpassed
for the examination of these titles, and the time for
their examination extended for another year. I
desire to say to the gentleman from Missouri, that
the whole coast of California is five hundred miles
in extent; that it is a very large State, equal to four
or five States of the Confederacy; that it hae been
populated for over one hundred years; that rights
and claimBhave grown up during that period which
need investigation. There is a necessity, too, for
investigating the rights and claims of our citizens
there which grew out of the treaty with Mexico.
We have a right to a full investigation of the
claims of our citizens, if it should take fifty or one
hundred years. What, I ask,is this amendment?
That the law may be go amended as that all rights
and claims arising under the Spanish grant may
be presented for investigation—claims which would
have been presented heretofore but for a misunder-
standing of the law. I have practiced law there,
and I did not understand it to be necessary myself
to present claims subordinate to the original grant.
I did not understand the law as it has been con-
strued. All I ask now is, that our citizens may
have the opportunity of presenting their claims,
and have a just and full hearing. I accept the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Howe.]
The questioft was taken upon Mr. McDoo-
gaix's amendment, as modified; and it was re-
jected.
The question recurring upon the Senate amend-
ment, it was taken; and the amendment Was non-
concurred in.
One hundred and sixty-seventh amendment:
Sec. —. Jind he it further enacted, That the first pro-
viso to the first section of the act entitled " An actio pro-
vide compensation to such persons as may be designated
by the Secretary of the Treasury to receive and keep the
public money, under the fifteenth section of the act of 6th
August, 1846, lor the additional services required under
that act," approved March 2. 1853, shall not he construed
to apply to the collector of the district of Buffalo creek,
while such collector shall be one of the designated depos-
itors of public moneys.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
recommend a non-concurrence
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and r ixty'dghth amendment;
Spc —, f-c j /«.•liter matted* That the fKeonw*
wo
