1208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
simply to the inquiry as to the net cost to the printer of in-
creasing the edition of his publication to the several num-
bers suggested by you and the profit thereon; and upon
snbsequent reflection, I can discover no reason for chang-
ing the opinion I have heretofore expressed upon this sub-
ject. * #
Yery respectfully, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM TOWERS.
To Governor Fitzpatrick.
Mr. JOHNSON. In regard to the document
which has just been read, I will say to the Sen-
ate that I saw it long since, and I have read and
examined it. There are qualifications tobe found
in it all the way through about capital, and one
thing or another.- I have examined the state-
ments contained in the document, and I must say
that I believe it to be entirely unreliable, and as
furnishing no safe data. 1 do not give to these
estimates the importance which the Senator from
Alabama does, and I say it with all respect to him.
I give to it none of the force which the Senator
does. 1 believe the matter will rest here, in con-
sequence of the course which has been taken,
until the end of this session, unless the matter is
settled, and the proposition of the Senator from
Michigan adopted.
Mr. FITZPA TRICK. The gentleman who
furnishes this information is the chief clerk to the
Superintendent of Public Printing. This is not a
voluntary act of his. It was asked for at his
hands by the Committee on Printing. They
addressed him as a practical printer, as one inti-
mately connected and well acquainted with the
whole subject of reporting and printing; and I
desire the Senate to listen to what he says in
another letter, which I should have read before.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish the Senate to under-
stand that the statement which the Senator from
Alabama is about to read is in answer to a reso-
lution which 1 offered some months ago, and not
in regard to this proposition.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The letter which I am
about to read I should have read at first. It is in
' these words:.
Jinswer to Senator Fitxpatrirk's Inquiry,
The Congressional Globe and Appendix for the Thirty-
Second Cougror# made six volume.-, and an aggregate of
5,300 pages. The subscription price ifl tor each Con-
gress. The Senate now takes 744 copies, and it is proposed
to lake 5,644 copies, being an increase of 4,920 copies.
The inquiry of Governor Fitapatnek is: " What will the
net cost to the printer be of the 4,9*20 additional copies?"
The answer to this question is based upon the data above
mentioned.
Jinswer,
The cost of paper, (3,474 reams, at $4 per  
ream)..   * $13,889 00
The cost of press-work, (13,038 tokens, at 30
cents per token)      3,91140
The cost of folding, (13,038 tokens, at 12 cents
per token)  56
Total eost $18,355 96
The subscription price of the 4,990 additional
copies, at $9 per copy, would lie.
The coat to the printer would be, as above.
$44,2P0 00
19,355 96
Leaving a profit of $34,924 04
Or $16,616 for the long session, and $8,308 for the bhort
It appears, from the letters of Mr. ltives and others, that
a large loss is incurred by him at present in the execution
of his contract with the Senate; and he asks this additional
subscription, which lie supposes will remunerate him lor
his labor on account of the profit accruing on it. How far
(he present contract with Mr. Rives may be remunerating,
or otherwise, would require much time and labor to ascer-
tain ; and I think it would be indelicate in me, to say the
least, to express any opinion I may ontcitain upon the sub-
ject until I am prepared to support it by facts and figures.
3 February WILLIAM TOWERS.
Here we have the statement of a practical printer,
Mr. Towers, who is known, I presume, to most
members of the Senate, in winch, after having
taken great pains and trouble to examine the
question with which he is intimately acquainted,
he says that, if the Senate take the same number
of copies of the Congressional Globe and Appen-
dix that the House of Representatives does, it
will afford Mr. Rives a profit of §24,924, according
to the best calculations he has been able to make.
The honorable Senator from Arkansas says he
has no confidence in these estimates.
Mr. JOHNSON. I say so, because of the fact
that we have the sworn testimony of two disin-
terested and reputable men, which do not conform
to his statement at all.
Mr. FiTZPATRICK. My impression is that
there are but very few items in regard to which
they differ. Now, sir, if the Senate, in the face
of the testimony which the committee have col-
lected for the purpose of informing the Senate, go
on now to increase to this large extent the profits
of this paper, it is for them, and not for me, to
determine. The communication of Mr. Towers,
which I first read, refers to the amount which 1
was willing to allow Mr. Rives—that is, I was
willing to allow an addition of thirty-six copies
for each Senator. 1 was satisfied that the pro-
prietor of the Globe was not sufficiently remuner-
ated by this body, and I was anxious to increase
his compensation to that extent. A portion of
the committee, and in fact a majority, were at
first inclined to yield a favorable response to the
resolution of the gentleman from Arkansas, to the
full extent to which it went; but such astounding
disclosures were made, showing that the inordi-
nate profits to which I have referred were to
accrue, that they were not willing to report in
favor of that proposition. The member^ of the
committee differed on that point; but 1 think it
was the sense of the committee—I am speaking
from recollection—that they were willing to take
half the number proposed by the Senator from
Arkansas, as the report will show. I was unwill-
ing to go to that extent. 1 was ready to provide
for thirty-six copies for each Senator. That
additional number of copies, according to the
statement of Mr. Towers, who 1 understand to
be as competent a gentleman to make calculations
on this subject as any in this city, would afford a
profit of $7,538 per annum.
If Senators will look at the report of the Com-
mittee on Printing, which is lying on the table,
they will find that a majority of the committee
recommended an increase of subscription to the
Congressional Globe and Appendix to about the
number that I have intimated. The whole amount
proposed to be furnished by the resolution of the
Senator from Arkansas, would, according to the
calculations of Mr. Towers, leave the proprietor
of the Globe a profit of o'ver §24,000 a year." 1
endeavored to ascertain what amount of copies it
would be necessary to take in order to give a fair
compensation to the Globe; and,as I have before
remarked, 1 was in favor of allowing each Sen-
ator thirty-six additional copies. That, according
to the calculations, would afford a profit of over
$7,000. That was the amount to which I was
willing to go; but my colleagues on the committee
were willing to report in favor of taking forty-
eight copies for each Senator.
When a committee to which the subject was
appropriately referred have made such investiga-
tions, I ask what is the use of committees, where
is the necessity for their hunting up information,
where is the necessity of their inquiring into and
endeavoring to ascertain what would be a fair
compensation for this service, if the Senate, in
this hasty manner, are to override their acts, and
go entirely beyond what they ever recommended?
I am anxious to allow a fair compensation, but 1
ask the Senate to reflect before they saddle upon
the country, as the permanent system of this
body, the giving of a large annual increase of
compensation,such as is contemplated in theprop-
osition now before the Senate.
If I had deemed it consistent with my sense of
public duty to concur with my colleagues on the
committee, I venture to say the question would
have been settled long since; but 1 was laboring
under the impression that that proposition would
allow too large profits, and that f>7,000 a year
profit would be sufficient to cover all contingen-
cies, and place the Globe upon a proper basis.
The estimate which I have laid before the Senate
shows what excessive profit may be made out of
this subscription. Is it possible that the Senate,
in their great anxiety to get rid of this question,
will override the action of the committee which
investigated it, in the manner in which the Com-
mittee on Printing did this question, without even
condescending to notice their report? I feel as-
sured that it is the sense of the Senate that we
should do what is right. I am willing to go with
the Senate in allowing what is a proper and
reasonable compensation. But this proposition to
allow eighty-one copies to each Senator will fall
little short of allowing a profit of $24,000, which
was the amount of profit estimated by Mr. Tow-
ers as the result of the subscription proposed by
the Senator from Arkansas.
I was familiar with these topics some two
months ago; but when the resolution came up this
morning, I did not suppose we should reach this
question to-day, and hence it is but a few minutes
ago since I took the papers from my drawer. I.
have been prepared at all times, on reasonable
notice, to submit the facts to the Senate, and to
allow them to come to a correct and proper con-
clusion in regard to what is a reasonable compen-
sation to the Globe. But, sir, the report of the
committee has slept until it is lost among the pa-
pers; and now, in the heat of debate, on a mfere
intimation^without reference to the information
acquired by the committee, it is proposed to in-
crease the number of the Globe to nearly as large
an amount as the House takes. I cannot consent
to it.
The statement of Mr. Towers shows what profits
will be made, if such a proposition be adopted. 1
undertake to say, from my knowledge of that
gentleman—and I Jiave been closely connected
with him since I have been a member of the Com-
mittee on Printing—that there is no man in the
ci'y of Washington who understands the history
of printing, or knows more about its details, and
who can give clearer and more satisfactory state-
ments and calculations in connection with it, than
that gentleman. The committee had confidence in
him; and when his estimates were submitted to
them, they were unwilling to go further than to
recommend that the Senate should take half the
aggregate number of copies which the House
takes. I did not want to go to that extent, though
I was willing to report in favor of taking thirty-
Bix additional copies of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix. Upon that proposition we disa-
greed. If I thought that number would not allow
a reasonable and fair living compensation; if I
believed that it would not afford enough to sustain
the Globe and its proprietor I should be willing
to go beyond that amount; but with the convic-
tions resting on my mind, and the knowledge
which is in my possession, after the investigations
that I have made in reference to this matter, I am
decidedly of opinion that the number proposed to
be taken by the proposition now before the Senate
will give excessive profits. I ask the Senate, there-
fore, not to adopt this proposition in the hurry of
the moment. There is no imperious necessity for
disposing of it now. 1 ask them to pause and
deliberate before they attempt to establish, as the
settled policy of the Senate, that it shall give such
enormous profits to this gentleman, however com-
petent he is; and 1 concede that his competency,
and that of his corps of reporters, is beyond all
question.
While I am willing to adopt the Globe as the
only reporter here, I hold that there is no neces-
sity for saddling upon the Treasury the local
press of this District. I believe there is as much
cause and necessity for having the reports copied
into one of the leading papers of each of the sev-
eral States as into the papers here. We might-
except a single paper to perpetuate our proceed-
ings—with the same propriety designate a paper in
each State, and say our debates shall be published
in them, as to say we shall select papers here to pub-
lish our debates at the public expense. My feel-
ings towards all those gentlemen are of the kind-
est character. I think, I trust, 1 evince no political
selfishness when 1 propose to take a paper outside
of all parties; but now when I see the sense of
the Senate, as indicated by the feeling of those
around me, to be in favor of giving to the paper
1 prefer inordinate profits, I am opposed to it, not
because I have any hostility to the gentleman who
conducts that paper. He is an able man, and has
an able corps of reporters. He is entitled to credit
for the manner in which the reports are published
in his paper. It gives him credit and reputation^
justly throughout the country. But when, in ad-
dition to the enormous amount proposed to be
paid him, we are to have placed upon the Treas-
ury three local papers here, I thipk it time to
stop. One of those papers declined the publica-
tion, and another has said it does not want it, and
yet, m the face of that, it "is said, you must give to
them as well as to another paper here. Two of
the most extensively circulated papers in the
Union have said they did not want the publication
of the debates, and, in the face of that, it is pro-
posed now to turn round and say " you must-have
them." We have been told that the papers can-
not live at the prices now paid, and yet we pro-
pose to make them publish our proceedings, and
to increase their compensation. _
Is there any great necessity for this ? Are the
