1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
my conclusion, I shall not avoid or shrink from
any examination, no matter from what quarter it
may come. And, sir, at least in all matters of this
sort there are but one or two questions which re-
quire investigation or consideration.
My purpose in rising here was rather more to
makeone <?r two statements of facts than to go into
any general or extended argument in regard to the
provisions of the bill, or its operation; but being up,
it occurs to me that it might be well that I should
say a word or two in relation to some questions
connected with it generally, as not belonging to
this bill merely but to kindred bills.
And let me first advise the House, that since
this question was last before it, I have found that
I was inadvertently led into an error in regard to
the quantity of land involved in this grant. I
have, however, since the time which has elapsed,
had the draughtsman of the Committee on Public
Lands to give me his regular official statement.
From that I find that I have overstated the quan-
tity of land which is proposed to be granted. I
have heard out of doors, as I suppose every
member of this committee has, all sorts of stories
in reference to these pending railroads. I have
heard, to a greater or less extent, the same kind of
stones in regard to almost every railroad bill
pending before Congress. I had heard that the
amount of land involved in the grant, instead of
being 2,500,000, was 3,700,000 acres. Now, let
me say to the House, that in making up these
statements, the course of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands has been this: Before they have re-
ported a bill to the House they require their
draughtsman, from an examination of a map of
the public lands, to make an estimate o'f the quan-
tify of the land to be embraced in the grant. In
this case, as I have already stated, I inad^tently
took up the wrong statement. I have now, how-
ever, the statement made by the draughtsman
before me.* It appears that the amount involved
in the bill,instead of being; 2,500,000 acres, is only
1,692,320 acres. I am asked, " What is thelength
of the road ?" and I advertto the question, because
it is put in reference to the ascertaining of the
quantity of land.
Now the gentleman will here bear in mind that
in these bills the grant is limited to the selection of
lands within a range of fifteen miles on either side
of the proposed road, and if the General Govern-
ment has disposed of, or in any manner alienated
the land within that limit, the road gets none.
Consequently, to make up the calculation, a calm
examination is to be made of all the public land
lying within fifteen miles of the proposed road.
These estimates are made from the maps, which
show all the locations, and the particular subdi-
visions, of the public domain, within the bounds
of the indicated route.
I repeat it, the quantity of land proposed to be
granted in this bill, as embraced in both routes,
is 1,692,320 acres; and that that quantity-, in con-
nection with that which will be granted to another
road, which the Committee on Public Lands have
determined to report favorably upon to the House
—the Prairie du Chien road—will not make the
grant for railroad purposes to the State of Wis-
consin exceed the amount to which she will be
entitled, taking the grant to Illinois as the unit of
comparison. So much for the equity of the matter.
Lest I forget it, let me now advert to the matter
which was presented by thegentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cutting.] He finds a difficulty in
his way, in the fact that a railroad is started from
Milwaukie, running for part of the distance, as
he supposes, nearly parallel to the road provided
for in the bill; and he thinks it a hardship and an
impropriety for the Government to come forward
and give its aid to one road to the injury of another.
Now, let me say, in the first piace, both these '
routes are individual and private enterprises.
Mr. CUTTING. Both which routes?
Mr. DISNEY. All of them. The State of
Wisconsin, speaking through its State Legisla-
ture, which, we are bound to presume, is amply
competent to decide what routes are important to
the interests of that State, have indicated, not the
route spoken of by the gentleman from New
York, hut the route indicated by the pending bill.
I repeat it, that the Legislature of Wisconsin have
asked Congress to aid the construction of the
roads provided for in the pending bill, while they
have not asked aid in favor of the road of which
the gentleman speaks.
Mr. CUTTING. I would ask the gentleman
why the Legislature of Wisconsin should ask for
public lands, if a road is constructed, or nearly
finished, to Madison, by private enterprise; or so
nearly completed that it is entirely graded to
Madison, and in relation to which nothing is left
to be done but to put down the rails—what, I say,
could the Legislature ask for a road of that de-
scription ?
Mr. DISNEY. I understand the gentleman
complains of the competition of the roads south
and east of Madison. Let me say to the gentle-
man, that as far as the pending bill is concerned
the company gets no land south of Madison.
There is not, in my bill, any aid proposed to be
given by the General Government to the com-
pany mentioned in the bill, by a grant of lands
south of the town of Madison, because there are
no public lands there.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I wish to
ask the gentleman from Ohio a question.
Mr. DISNEY. I dislike to be interrupted.
Mr. WENT WORTH. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cutting] made an issue upon this
floor in reference to this matter. The gentleman
representing the Milwaukie district [Mr. Wei.i.s]
is now in the House, and is prepared, or ought to
be prepared, to speak for that place, and I hope
the gentleman from Ohio will allow that gentleman
to rise in his place and speak for Milwaukie.
Mr. DISNEY. I was about to proceed and
state 
Mr. WENTWORTH,(interrupting.) I shall
go for this bill if the gentleman from Milwaukie
is for it, and I want him to speak, «nd let the
House know his views upon this subject.
Mr. DISNEY I have said that the Legislature
of Wisconsin, familiar as of necessity they must
be with the value and the condition of the re-
spective roads within her limits, have selected and
indicated the roads provided for in this bill as the
most important to that State; and this fact ought
to be conclusive with this House in regard to their
action upon it.
Mr. PECKHAM. How?
Mr. DISNEY. By a memorial addressed to
Congress.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from Ohio allow the representative from
Milwaukie to state his views?
Mr. DISNEY. I will soon.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I wish to know if this
bill is the united wish of the inhabitants of Mil-
waukie ? Jf so, I shall vote for it, and I hope the
gentleman from Ohio will give that gentleman an
opportunity to speak.
Mr. DISNEY. I will allow the gentleman a
brief statement.
Mr. WELLS. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wentwortu] has called upon me to say
whether I acquiesce in this measure. I would
reply that I have been opposed to it. I opposed
it before the committee. I have no hesitation in
saying that it is generally considered as unfavor-
able to the Milwaukie and Lake Shore interests.
The bill having passed the Senate came to the
House. The majority of the committee were in
favor of it. The rest of the delegation from Wis-
consin wpre known to advocate its passage; and
I had concluded not to make open opposition to
it on this floor, with the understanding that my
colleague would also remain silent, and that we
should leave the House to pass upon its merits,
after both sides had been fairly presented by those
not immediately interested I have adopted this
course, too, in the hope that it would secure a
favorable consideration to other bills, which
would directly benefit the interests which I more
immediately represent.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Wisconsin whether he intends to vote for
the bill now under consideration ?
Mr. WELLS. I have some question about it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, desired to obtain
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
cannot yield to more than one gentleman at a
time.
Mr. SMITH. I yield, of course, to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, over the way, to answer
the question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Disney] is entitled to the floor; but yielded
to the gentleman from Wisconsin for the purpose
; of explanation. The Chair therefore could .not,
' of course, award the floor to a third person,
j Mr. WELLS. I suppose I have the right to
answer affirmatively or negatively, or neither. In
.. the present condition of things, I prefer not to
answer at all, but to wait the further action of the
!, House.
| Mr. COBB. I hope the gentleman from Wis-
consin will say one way or the other, Whether he
!j will vote for the bill or not?
! Mr. WELLS. I have nothing further to say
I upon the suhject for the present.
!l Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman from Wisconsin, then, refuse to answer
the question ?
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Illinois
must remember that the gentleman from Ohio is
upon the floor, and has only yielded to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin for the purpose of explana-
tion.
Mr. DISNEY. I have stated one fact, which,
if duly reflected upon, must be conclusive with
every gentleman of the committee with regard to
the difficulty which has been raised.
[A messag'e was here received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, informing the
House that they had passed Senate bills of the
following titles, in whic'h he was instructed to ask
the concurrence of the House:
An act (No. 40) making a grant of land to the
State of Arkansas, to aid in the construction of
certain railroads in said State.
An act (No. 74) making a grant of land to the
State of California, to aid in the construction of
railroads from San Francisco to San Jose; Benicia
to Marysville; Sacramento City, via Auburn, to
Nevada City, and Stockton to Sonora.
An act (No. 98) making a grant of land to the
State of Florida, to aid in the construction of cer-
tain railroads in said State.
An act (No. 110) granting the State of Wiscon-
sin land to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Madison to the Mississippi river.
An act (No. 173) making a grant of land to the
States of Louisiana and Mississippi, to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in said States.
An act (No. 204) granting to the State of Ala-
bama public lands in alternate sections, to aid in
the construction of the Alabama and Tennessee
railroad, from Selma, on the Alabama river, to
the Tennessee river, at or near Gunter's Landing;
and also the Memphis and Charleston railroad,
from Memphis, on the Mississippi river, to some
point connecting with the Nashville,Chatanooga,
and Charleston railroad.
An act (No. 205) making a grant of land to the
State of Alabama, in alternate sections, to aid in
the construction of a railroad from the line of
Georgia, on the Chattahoochie river, to the city
of Mobile.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Ohio, if he will allow me, whether
there are any other bills before the Committee on
Public Lands to aid in the construction of ^rail-
roads in the State of Wisconsin ?
Mr. DISNEY. The committee, as I have al-
ready stated, have reported another bill, to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Madison, in
Wisconsin, westward to Prairie du Chien, and
that seems to be the understanding of the com-
mittee to be the share that State is entitled to.
The committee have endeavored to apportion these
grants among the different States in which the
public lands are located, so as to place them all
upon an equality with the State of Illinois, and I
apprehend that remark covers the information
which the gentleman from Virginia desires.
Mr. SMITH. I apprehend not.
Mr. DISNEY. Then I do not understand the
point the gentleman would make.
Mr. SMITH. The point I refer to is this: I
want to understand how many propositions to
appropriate land for the benefit of Wisconsin are
before the Committee on Public Lands? We
have been told that there are one hundred and
seventy in all before that committee; I want to
know how many are for the benefit of Wisconsin ?
Mr. DISNEY. It matters not whether there
arc one or five hundred.
Mr. SMITH. But will the gentleman answer
the question ?
Mr. DISNEY. I have said that the committee
have reported one bill which is now before the
House, and that they have agreed to report an-
