1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
imm
demands of the country upon us for intelligence
so imperious that we have to carry through,
rough-shod and by force, a resolution of this kind ?
And is it to become the settled policy of this
body? I repeat again, it is time, in my estima-
tion, in view of the facts which I have submitted
to the Senate, for them to pause and hesitate
before they adopt the resolution now pending. I
will do the gentleman who is the publisher of the
Globe the credit to say that he has always said
the price paid him is not sufficient. I have always
said to him that J thought we had afforded him
ample profit when we agreed to give him a profit
of over $7,000 a year. He contended that it was
not sufficient. I do not know that 1 can say, on
authority from him, that he was content with the
report of the committee; but my impression is that
his friends, and those who were anxious to put
his paper on a solid footing in the Senate, were
satisfied with the proposition of the majority of
the committee, and thought forty-eight copies
were enough.
Mr. PRATT. Will the Senator from Ala-
bama permit me to make one inquiry?
Mr. FITZPATR1CK. Certainly.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator has repeated sev-
eral times, for the information of the Senate, that
on the hypothesis of our taking thirty-six addi-
tional coiiies of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix for each Senator, there would be a net
profit of over $7,000 a year to the publisher, and
he predicates that statement on a paper signed by
Mr. Towers. I do not deny the competency of
Mr. Towers to make the statement, but I desire
the Senator to refer back to what he said in the
beginning of bis speech, that Mr. Towers himself
expressly said that the starting point of his calcu-
lation was to take the Globe office at the point
where it is. He only estimates the cost of print-
ing with the material as at present existing in that
office.
Now, I assume, for the purpose of illustrating
the remark I make, that the Globe office, the
building, the type, and everything connected with
the printing, has cost, say about $150,000. That
is the principal sum. The Senate will see at
once that the legal interest on that amount would
be $9,000. Therefore, if the proprietor were to
get $7,000 net profit, according to the calculation
of Mr. Towers, there would bealossof ยง2,000 to
him for printing our proceedings, because in the
employment of his capital he gets $2,000 less than
the interest upon the capital invested.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly; that is clear.
Mr. PRATT. He gets nothing for his work,
but loses $2,000.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I think the Senator from
Maryland is about as wide of the mark as he
alleges that I am.
Mr. PRATT. I beg pardon 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I meant nothing offen-
sive at all. 1 understand the Senator from Ma-
ryland to say that we must make proper allow-
ance for the large amount of capital invested in
real estate in the Globe office. I have never had
the pleasure of going through the large and beau-
tiful establishment of the proprietor of the Globe;
but is it the fact that all the rooms in that spa-
cious and elegant building are employed for the
purpose of carrying on our printing? I have
merely cast my eye in as I was passing along;
but, if I am not mistaken, a portion of that build-
ing is appropriated to other and different purposes
than the printing of the debates of this body. I
take it for granted that some gentlemen on this
floor are more intimate with that matter than I
am, not having particularly inquired into the mat-
ter. I am satisfied that some portion of it, at
least, is paying the proprietor a fine profit in the
shape of rents; and when the facts are inquired
into, I should be inclined to think that the whole
investment in that institution should not be re-
garded as a charge upon the Government.
Does it require a building involving such a vast
amount of capital for the purpose of carrying"on
the printing of the debates of this body? I think
not. I do not know, nor will [ undertake to say,
'to what extent there are other occupants in this
building, or to what other uses it is applied; but
my impression is that you will find only a por-
tion, I presume the largest portion of it, devoted
to public uses. Concede, however, that it is all
so employed, is it absolutely necessary to have a
building so costly and so expansive in its char-
acter for the purpose of carrying on the public
wodc ? That is the business of the proprietor,
ana not ours. I feel assured, however, that a
building costing much less money, with a great
deal less room, and a great deal less capital in-
vested, would answerall the purposes of carrying
on the public printing of the country. It may be
that to the extent to which the building is used
for the purpose of carrying on the printing of our
debates the capital invested in it is a legitimate
object to be considered in the amount to be paid;
but I take it for granted that the capital invested
in the whole building is too large for the propri-
etor to call on the Senate or on the Government
to foot the bill fgfethe whole amount.
I have deemedrit my duty, standing in the rela-
tion which 1 do to this body, being the only mem-
ber of the committee that investigated this matter
now present, to disclose these facts to the'Senate.
I have done it in no ill spirit towards the Globe,
or anybody else; for I presume every gentleman
on this floor is satisfied that I prefer that paper to
any other as the sole reporter for this body; but
in attempting to accomplish that, 1 wish to bring
its proprietor within reasonable limits. I do it for
his own benefit, as well as to protect the Treas-
ury. I do it in order to make his a permanent
concern. I do it for the purpose of showing the
world that he gets a reasonable and fair compen-
sation, and that he will be regularly employed by
the Government, and to dispel everything like
jealousy and contention in reference to his em-
ployment.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, JVfay 17, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Smcer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 102, grant-
ing lands equally to the several States, to aid in
the construction of railroads and the support of
schools. The pending motion is to recommit this
bill to the Committee on Public Lands; and the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Hamilton] is
entitled to the floor.
SUSPENSION OF THE RULES.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I now move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Rich-
ardson s motion; and it was decided in the affirm-
ative.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the.
Union, (Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee, in the
chair.)
NEBRASKA BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. The business in order be-
fore the committee is bill No. 236, being a bill to
organize the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska;
on which the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Ready] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. READY, after a few preliminary observa-
tions, said the committee now have under consid-
eration the Senate bill for the organization of the
Territories of Nebraska and Kansas, with the
amendment proposed in lieu thereof by the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories. He took
this occasion to state that he preferred the Senate
bill to the amendment proposed by the gentleman,
[Mr. Richardson;] but at the same time he
should not be very scrupulous in looking into
every minutias of the bill, so as to hunt out objec-
tions to this substitute. Inasmuch as he per-
ceived the amendment embodies the great princi-
ple on which the Senate bill is based, and inas-
much as there are only differences on points of
minor importance, he was willing to pass them
over, and was willing to take either the Senate bill
or the amendment offered by the chairman of the
Committee on Territories. On a great question
like this, in a bill embodying so many provisions,
it was scarcely to be expected that, where so many
minds were brought to bear upon it, they can all
concur in every feature; but if it is found that the
leading features of the bill are eorrect, those minor
details, he thought, should be set aside. (
It had been said that this is a party measure,
that it is an Administration measure, and that thfr'
bill was introduced in the Senate by a distinguished
member of-that body for the purpose of aiding
his ow*h views with regard to the Presidency.
How these things are he knew not. He wits not
in the secret councils to which perhaps other gen-
tlemen may have access. He only knew of things
relative to measures which may eome before this
body from the provisions contained in the bills
which may be presented. He occupied a position
different from that of the Administration and the ;
Democratic party in this House; but yet he did
not intend now, or at any time hereafter, to let
his party differences with any set of gentlemen
control his votes on national measures.
The bill, he said, involves a great constitutional
principle. It is one in which the South is pecu-
liarly interested, and directly involves thequestion
of State sovereignty. Strike out the great princi-
ple of State sovereignty, and the superstructure of
the Union crumbles into ruins. He maintained
the confederated States have no right to restrict
slavery to prescribed limits; for a Territory is a
State in embryo, and so continues until it is
ready to organize itself into a State government,
and ask for admission into the Union.
He reviewed the history of the enactment of the
Missouri act of 1820, contending it was not im-
posed by the South on the North. *
Mr. ETHERIDGE said^- that for a few days
past this body had presented to the American
people a remarkable, and significant spectacle.
Their daily deliberations, for a week past, had
been a striking commentary upon those assurances
which the Democratic party had given to the
American people, and that, too, when that party
was being borne into power, as was alleged, by
the conservative and national sentiment of the
country. Were they not now, and had they not
for a week past been furnishing to sectional agi-
tation a powerful and conclusive argument ? Had
they not for the last few months, and especially for
the last few days, been engaged in bartering
away the confidence of the people, and for that
which they would scorn to receive, and against
which the voice of the largest portion of the Union
had been heard in tones of loud and indignant
opposition, and against which many others of the
other portion had protested in low murmurs of
sorrow and complaint? Had they not for a few-
days past been attempting to force upon an un-
willing people a measure for which they had never
asked ? He asked Union loving men, men of the
North and South, to consider well their interests,
and not now, or hereafter, hastily, for party pur-
poses, or individual ambition, consign those in-
terests to jeopardy or ruin.
He then argued at length to prove that the
Missouri compromise of 1820 was adopted by
southern votes, and that it was a compact.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri, advocated the bill,
fie said, in the course of his remarks, that the
Missouri compromise did not, as it had been as-
serted, give repose to a distracted country. Did
not the North, he asked, repudiate it one year
afterwards, so far as they could, by a majority of
their votes? What northern man will deny it?
The record proves it. The bill, he argued, would
be a means of preserving the Union, by keeping
the country from future slavery agitation, and
crushing the hydra-headed monster of fanaticism,
which have so long agitated the councils or the
nation. He replied to the speech of Mr. Benton,
heretofore delivered, and said that opposition to
the repeal of the Missouri compromise was art
abolition movement.
Mr. PARKER next obtained the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suggest that we take a
recess of an hour, and by that time members will
return here. If we have these early adjournments,
gentlemen will not get in all the speeches they de-
sire.
Mr. PARKER. I do not desjre to speak to-
day, and will yield the floor to any other gentle-
man who may wish to address the committee this
evening.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Indiana insist upon his motion that the committee
rise ?
Mr, PARKER. Not against the will of the
committee. Ifany other gentleman wishes to speak,
I will yield thefloor, with the understanding that I
am to occupy it to-morrow.
