1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2067
The question was taken; and the amendments
were non-concurred in.
One hundred and seventy-fifth amendment:
Sec. 1. J3nd be U further enacted. That from and after
the 30th of June, 1854, in lieu of the elerks heretofore
authorized by law for the office of the assistant treasurer at
New York, he be authorized to appoint, with the approba-
tion of the President of the United Slates, one chief clerk,
at a salary of $2,100, one clerk at $2,000, two clerks at
§•1,800 each, two clerks at $1,500 each, one clerk at $1,200,
one messenger at $900, and two watchmen at $550 each,
per annum. In case of the sickness or unavoidable absence
from his office of the assistant treasurer, he may authorize
the said chief clerk to act in bis place, and to discharge all
the duties required by law of the assistant treasurer; and
in case of the death, resignation, or inability to act of the
assistant treasurer, the said chief clerk shall act as such
assistant treasurer until the inability be removed, or until a
successor be appointed and duly qualified ; and all the acts
Of the said chief clerk in such cases shall be as valid as if
performed by the assistant treasurer in person.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in the amend-
ment with an amendment, which is to strike out
all from the words " and in case of the death, res-
ignation, or inability to act of the assistant treas-
urer, &c.," to the end of the amendment. Al-
though it may be important to have somebody to
act in the place of the assistant treasurer in such
a contingency as is stated, still it would be wrong
to place in the hands of a person under no bail the
sum of $60,000,000. The committee think that
portion of theamendment ought to be stricken out,
and so recommend.
Mr. HOWE. The amendment of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means does not go far enough.
Mr. HAVEN. The gentleman says that the
amendment does not go far enough. If the com-
mittee will look to that portion of the Senate's
amendment preceding that which is proposed to
be stricken out, it will be seen that, in case of the
sickness, or unavoidable absence from his office,
of the assistant treasurer, he may authorize his
chief clerk to discharge its duties. He, then, is
responsible for*he act. In case of resignation or
death, his bail is no longer responsible, for he is
then nojonger the assistant treasurer.
Mr. HOWE. If the committee be assured
there is no doubt in the matter, I have no objec-
tion to make.
Mr. PENNINGTON. There is doubt in the
matter. The words " may authorize " are con-
strued to mean very frequently " shall author-
ize;" and, in my opinion, they would relieve the
sureties of the assistant treasurer. I would sug-
gest that all that portion of the Senate's amend-
ment from the words " in case of the sickness, or
unavoidable absence from his office of the assist-
ant treasu«r," &c., to the end, be stricken out.
The question was taken; and Mr. Haven's
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENNINGTON. Now, I move to strike
from the Senate's amendment the words:
" Tn case of the sickness or unavoidable absence from
his office of the assistant treasurer, he may authorize the
said chief cleik to act in his place, and to discharge all the
duties required by law of the assistant treasurer."
Mr. Chairman, it does seem to me perfectly
clear that, m authorizing the assistant treasurer to
devolve the discharge of the duties of his office on
another person, we virtually relieve him from all
responsibility. His sureties will not be responsi-
ble in case of the defalcation of his substitute.
There cannot be any doubt of this. The term
<f may," is often construed to mean " shall."
Then this may be construed to impose an impera-
tive duty on the assistant treasurer to devolve
this duty on his chief clerk. Though we do not
make this duty imperative, still, in devolving the
duties of his office on his chief clerk, we relieve his
sureties.
Mr. WALKER. I apprehend that this substi-
tution is absolutely necessary for carrying on the
business of the office, and I have on my table a
letter signed by the present and the two preceding
assistant treasurers, in which they state that such
substitution is absolutely necessary. Therehave
been times when, owing to theillnessof the assist-
ant treasurer, important papers in reference to
the business of his office have been carried to his
bed-side, and even to his death-bed, and he has
b.;en compelled to sign them without any more
knowledge of their contents than a man would be
supposed to have, when suffering pain upon a sick
bed. The letter which I have in my possession in
reference to this subject, is signed by Mr. Dix,
the preceding eub-treasurer, Mr. Bradish, and by
the present assistant treasurer, Mr. Cisco, and
they say in the letter, that this power of substitu-
tion is absolutely necessary.
The question was taken upon Mr. Pejjnikg-
ton's amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. PRINGLE. I offer the following amend-
ment in line two thousand three hundred and sev-
enty-one, after the words " he may," insert in lieu
the words " in his discretion."
The amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the Senate
amendment, as amended, it was taken; and the
amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and seventy-sixth amendment:
Sec. —. Jlnd beit further enacted, That so much of Ihe
act ot the 7th of June, 1844, restricting the employment of
inspectors, guagers, weighers, measurers, and markers, in
the custom-house to the number then in service, as may be
applicable to those employed at the ports of New York and
j New Orleans, be, and the same ishereby, repealed.
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and seventy-seventh amendment:
Sec.—. Jind beit furthei*enacted, That from and after
the 30th of June, 1853, the annual salary of the chaplains
to Congress shall be $750, and such sum additional to that
elsewhere provided as may be required to pay the same to
the 30th of June, 1855, is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otberwi&e appropriated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. OLDS. I move to increase the amount of
| appropriation $500. I offer the amendment for
■ the purpose of saying to the committee that the !
Senate amendment proposes to give the Chaplains
of this Congress precisely what the Chaplains of
the preceding Congress received. Under the act
of the 22d of July, in which you added twenty
per cent, to the compensation of the employees
t^j)out the Capitol, you would increase the com-
pensation of the Chaplains from $500 to $600, but
the extra allowance which you have always given
them heretofore would make their salary $750.
While you have been thus increasing the salaries
of the employees and clerks about the Capitol, I
think it but right and proper that we should adopt
the amendment of the Senate, and thus increase
the compensation of the Chaplains of Congress
to #750.
Now, I ask, admitting that we give them §750
per annum, can they live at less than that ?
[Cries of " Question !" " Question!"[
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 oppose the amendment.
I do not think that any salaries ought to be in-
creased.
Mr. OLDS, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
The Senate amendment was then non-concurred
in.
One hundred and seventy-eighth amendment:
Sec.—. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the county of
El Paso, in the State of Texas, and the Territory of New
■ Mexico, be, and thev are hereby, made a collection district
[ by the name of El Paso del Norte, and Frontera shall be
' the place or port of entry for said district, and a collector
shall be appointed to reside thereat, with such other officers
I as shall be necessary. The compensation of the collector
! shall be $*2,GOO per annum, including the fees of his office.
; Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee of
! Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence ;
in the amendment. !
The amendment was non-concurred in. ;
One hundred and seventy-ninth amendment:
Sec. -—. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the ({Act '
making appropriations for the improvement of certain har-
i bors and rivers," appioved the 30th of August, 1852, be,
i and the same hereby is, amended by striking from the ,
| clause in which they occur the following words: " by the ,
I construction of a breakwater across Croaton sound.5*
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee of;
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence,
i Mr. SHAW. I think I will be able to satisfy -
' the committee that this amendment ought to be
: adopted. During the last Congress an appropria-1
1 tion was made for the purpose of constructing a ;
> work in North Carolina, by which it was speci-,
1 fied that the work should be accomplished in a!
| particular way. The Secretary of War sent a j
I proper officer there for the purpose of examining ;
this work, previous to commencing operations. ;
That officer reported to the Department that, in jj
! his opinion, the plan proposed in the act itself jj
i would be, to say the least of it, injudicious; andhe ji
I suggested not only a more feasible, but a cheaper
plan for the construction of the work within the
amount appropriated. The Secretary of-War
declined using any of the money that had been
appropriated, and has asked Congress, in his re-
port, to modify the act simply by striking'oat the
words in the last line of this amendment, in order
that he might use such discretion in expending
the money as would enable him to carry out the
work efficiently.
1 suppose, Mr. Chairman, it would be out of
order, were I to refer to anything which occurred,
in the other end of the Capitol, but I trust the
committee will pardon me if I say that, in the early
part of the present session, the modification which
is contained in this amendment, was passed in the
other end of the Capitol even without a reference.
The bill containing it came to this House and was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, which
committee, at least three months ago, reported it
back to this House, with a recommendation that it
do pass. I have been anxious, from that time to
the present moment, to call up that bill, confident
as I have been, and confident as I am now, that
this House will adopt it, and enable the Secretary
to expend this money according to the act of last
Congress, save so far only as the mode in which
the work shall be accomplished.
I desire further to state to this committee that
this modification does not carry in itself the ap- -
propriation of a single dollar of the public money.
It does not ask for a single cent of additional ap-
propriation, but only asks that such discretionary
power shall be vested in the Secretary of the
Treasury, as is recommended in the report of the
engineer.
The question being upon concurring in the Sen-
ate amendment,
Mr. SHAW called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hughes and
Mh.i.son were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 67, noes 53.
So the Senate amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committer of Ways and
Means propose that the one hundred and eightieth
and one hundred and eighty-first amendments of
the Senate be non-concurred in, and that, if there
be no objection, they be considered together.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to the
proposition ?
There was no objection; and the amendments i
were read, as follows: (
One hundred and eightieth amendment:
And be it further enarted, That tile President of the
United States, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, shall be, and is hereby, authorized to appoint a
commissioner, at the compensation of not exceeding §4,000
per annum, to ascertain the nature, character, extent, and
value,of all valid claims arising in Washington and Oregon
Territories under tile treaty with Great Britain of June 15,
1846; and should said claims, or any pan thereof, bedeemed
of sufficient public and political importance to justify or
require the measure, the President is hereby authorized to
direct said commissioner to agree with the claimants and
the Hudson's Bay Company for the relinquishment of their
claims on a just and fair valuation, and to pay over the
amount so agreed upon, on a full and entire surrender and
relinquishment of all right, title, claim, interest, and de-
mand, therein and thereto,to the United States: Provided,
That none of the lands acquired linder this section shall be
subject to donation or preemption, but shall be sold at pub-
lic auctiou, unless in cases where, in the opinion of (he
commissioner, the sum bid for any particular parcel or
piece shall be less than a fair price therefor, to be ascer-
tained by the commissioner aforesaid; said sales to be made
for cash, at such times and places, and with sueh postpone-
ments, as may be directed by the said commissioner; and
for carryin" into effect the provisions of this section iri case
of a purchase, a sum not exceeding 8300,000 is hereby ap-
propriated: Provided, That the amount to be paid for all
the said claims, rights, and interest, shall not exceed the
sum herein appropuated; and for defraying the expenses of
the commission, ihe further sum of $500 is also appropria-
ted, payable out of any money in the Treasury not olher-
j wise appropriated.
One hundred and eighty-first amendment:
gEC. And it it further enacted, That in case it
should be deemed inexpedient to sell said lands and im-
provements immediately, or any part thereof, the President
shall be, and he is hereby, authorized, on the extinguish-
ment of the title as aforesaid, to direct the commissioner
to take possession of the same, for and in the name of the
United Stales, and to lease the same on such terms and
conditions, and for such sum or sums, as he may deem
proper and right, subject, however, to sale, when in his
opinion it may be proper, after the United States surveys
have been extended over the same,
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to strike out the
first five words of the amendments.
Mr. Chairman: I wish to submit one or two
words on these amendments before the committee
