2068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
acts on them. The Commutes of Ways and
Means have recommended a non-concurrence. In
my judgment, they ate the most important fea-
tures of this entire bill. By the treaty for the set-
tlement of cur controversy with Great Britain in
Regard f<5 the line separating Oregon from Canada,
■tire eights of'the Hudson'a Bay Company was,
a certain extent, recognized. They now claim
the right to an undefined territory in Washington
Territory. It covers the best land there. That
company has no determined or ascertained rights;
but they have undefined rights by the treaty.
The uncertainty of the matter prevents settlement
and the development of the resources of the north-
western coast.
The claim of that company, unintelligible as it
is, should be settled. I say that it is as proper
for the Government to extinguish the title of the
Hudson's Bay Company as it is for it to extin-
guish the Indian title. The importance of devel-
oping the resources of the northwestern coast of
our country is well known to this Congress. I
aay, without something authorising us to settle
&nd compromise with the Hudson's Bay Com-
pany, that country cannot be speedily settled, and
its wealth cannot be fairly developed-, tor this
company has too large an interest to develop it
upon that extreme northwest-coast. In this mat-
ter I know that the interests of Puget's Sound are
regarded as antagomstical to the interests of the
bay of San Francisco. But t say that they are
important interests, and the people of this whole
Confederacy are interested in the settlement of the
lands there. The passage of this amendment
will secure the settlement of that country.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 am opposed to the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from California
(Mr. M cDougall.]
This is a proposition to buy the rights of the
Hudson's Bay Pur Company in the Territory for-
merly known as Oregon Territory, but now em-
braced in two territories, Washington and Oregon.
Under the treaty of 1846, the Hudson's Bay Com-
pany claim certain rights, and so far as they are
"recognized by that treaty, 1 deem it proper to read
the third article of that treaty:
" In tiu* future appropriation of theTenitory south of the
fortv-ninth palatini of north latitude, as provided in the first
article of this treaty, the possessory rights of the Hudson's
BayCompany and all British subjects who may be already
In the occupation of the land or other property, lawfully
S acquired within the said territory, shall l)e respected."
I now say that the Hudson's Bay Company have
the possessory right to continue only during the
continuance of the charter of that company. The
charter of that company will expire in the year
1863—nine years hence; and that company will
have no more right to territory, or land in that
Territory, than any other squatter upon the public
lands.
But further: I have in my possession a report,
submitted at the instance of the Secretary of State,
by Governor Stevens, the Governor of the Ter-
ritory of Washington. He was instructed to
inquire into the value of the rights of the Hud-
son's Bay Company, and the Puget's Sound Agri-
cultural Company. I find that he values these
rights to be worth $300,000. One tract of land
claimcd by the Puget's Sound Agricultural Com-
pany, being fifteen miles by fifty or sixty—I am
not particular in relation to the dimensions—Gov-
ernor Stevens says is almost unexplored, and is
only occupied for the grazing of their cattle and
flocks of sheep. He estimates that, upon that tract,
there are five thousand head of cattle and sixteen
thousand head of sheep; and that the value of this
tract, with the cattle and sheep, cannot exceed in
amount $150,000; which goes to make up a part
and parcel of the §300,000 embraced in this ap-
propriation. Do we want to buy these cattle and
sheep I I say that the companies have no rights
for which the Government of the United States
ought to pay them one dollar.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not intend to discuss the
merits of this matter at all, for I have not the time
to do so. Suffice it to say, that we have two
hundred miles in extent upon the Pacific coast,
and we give every man who settles there two or
three hundred acres of land. It is hardly neces-
sary to acquire more land there by buying out
these possessory rights.
[Cries of " Question 1" " Question ! "]
Mr. MoDOUGALL, by unanimous consent,
then withdrew his amendment.
Mr. LANCASTER. I propose to amend the
amendment by increasing the appropriation one
dollar; and I do so to say that I do hope the
committee will not pass upon this important mat-
ter in this great hurry and precipitation. I pledge
myself that every single member of this commit-
tee who does so, will some day, when he is better
informed, regret the vote he has given, if hesustain
the action of the Committee of Ways and Means.
When the members come to know the facts of
the case, they will regret sustaining that commit- j
tee on this question, if they should do so. [Cries ,
of" Gluestion l"| I have not occupied much time
on this floor. Since I came here, I have never,
on any occasion, unless it concerned my section
of the country, troubled the House, and therefore
I claim a few moments on the present occasion.
[Cries of "Agreed."] I will read from article
four, in this treaty:
" The farms, lands, and other property of every descrip-
tion belonging totheruget's Hound Agricultural Company,
on the north side of Columbia river. shall be confirmed to tlie
said company."
The gentleman from Missouri contemplated the
third article of the treaty, and not the fourth article,
and a!i his remarks apply to the third article. The
fourth article says nothing in relation to the pos-
sessory rights.
" The farms, lands, and other property of every descrip-
tion belonging to the Puget's Som-d Agricultural Company
shall be confirmed to the said company."
This company claim a large tiact of land by
virtue of this treaty bordering on Puget's Sound.
There is an extensive settlement on that claim
formed by American citizens, and they have en-
croached upon the rights of that company. If
the treaty has any meaning in it, then their rights
are invaded, and their forbearance is a matter of
surprise. There are meeting houses upon it, a
county seat laid off, and a large village built up
upon it, United States troops fortified upon it, and,
as 1 am informed, are paying rents to that con#
pany. United States paying rents! and learned
men here say that that company have no rights
there by virtue of that treaty. This claim is cov-
ered by American citizen*, and they are warned
off by the company. These settlers and the ser-
vants of the company are in constant collision.
The rights of neither .ire defined or set out by 1
metes and bounds. These settlers look to you, i
and rely upon you, for relief. By a proviso J
contained in the treaty you are permitted to pur-
chase out the company's interests, and it should
be done at some price, and that at once. They j
were once your constituents, as they have emi- j
grated from every portion of the United States; |
every city and every county in tlie whole Union ]
has a representation there; and they have relations
and friends here in the States who are now your
constituents, and who sympathize with the people
of Washington in their troubles.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Do I understand
the gentleman from Washington Territory to say
that these rights were to be confirmed to the Pu-
get's Sound Agricultural Company?
Mr. .LANCASTER. I say so. 1 will read
the article of the treaty again.
Mr. JONES. Why, this is for the Hudson's
Bay Pur Company, and not for the Puget's Sound
Agricultural Company.
Mr. LANCASTER. If I only had time, I
should speak about this appropriation; but I am
hound down by the five-minute rule, artd the sub-
ject is far too weighty to be discussed in five
; minutes; and my time is about out. I think 1
may venture to trespass on the committee a short
| time; and 1 promise not to disturb the House any
; more this session.
The article of the treaty reads:
I " The farms, lands, and other property of every descrip-
I tion, belonging to thfi Puget's Sound Agricultural Com-
pany, shall be confirmed to the said company."
; Now, I say that this bill before you, as I look
upon it, affects every claimant under the treaty,
; the Puget's Sound Agricultural Company as well
as the Hudson's Bay Company, as a'>o all British
| subjects. The bill seeks to wipe away from the
J whole Territory, and from Oregon, every vestige
of right, whatever it may be, which is granted by
the treaty.
And i say further—as I said before—the settlers
[ are all over the country, upon the best tracts of
j lands belonging to the Hudson's Bay Company,
| and to the Puget's Sound Agricultural Company.
I These companies have been there for some forty
years. They have the Indians under their con-
trol; they keep the Indians and half-breeds for
shepherds and herdsmen. The American citizens
who have settled in that country are located in
the best sections of it. They are scattered all
over the western portion of the Territory, on the
streams, in the valleys, and on the prairies Set-
tlements are far remote, in many instances, from
each other, and separated by high mountains and
streams, and the thickest and heaviest forests on
earth. And now they appear before the American
Government, asking it to settle the difficulties now
arising between them and the Indians, and half-
breeds and British, on the subject of the rights of
the Puget's Sound Agricultural and Hudson's Bay
Companies. You have had to settle difficulties in
that region before. You have had the Cay use war,
and the Rosue River Indian war, and you have
had to pay the expenses of those wars. The in-
habitants of the country now appeal to you. They
ask you, as emigrants from every pait of the
United States, to give them protection, to extend
to them the constitutional aid which is m your
power. They have committed no wrong by going
there to that remote region. They have been in-
vited by you to go there; and it was not their fault
that a foreign company, the stockholders of which
reside in London! should, by virtue of a treaty
made by the high contracting powers, continue in
the very heart of the Territory. The stockholders
in London desire to make money by the operations
of the companies in Washington; and the persons
who are acting as agents—and necessarily by in-
structions—whatever may be their desire as men,
among us, to preserve peace, they have not the
power to do it. And I say to you here, that as
a matter of prudence, as a principle of saving to
the Government, a far larger sum than this bill
calls for, that an a matter of humanity, by a de-
sire to save the lives of those who are there, by a
desire to remove fear and a well-grounded appre-
hension of another destructive war with the In-
dians, agree to the Senate amendment, or issue a
commission of appraisal; do something which shall
show that, as the guardians of an infant Territory,
you have her welfare and prosperity at heart.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being upon Mr. Lancaster's
amendment.
Mr. McDOUGALL said: I hope the gentleman
from Washington will be allowed to goon
[Cries of " Go on I" " Go on !"]
I Mr. STUART, of Michigan. I am opposed to
| the amendment of the gentleman from Washing-
I ton, and ask for a vote upon it. %
j Mr. LANCASTER, by unanimous consent,
I withdrew his amendment.
I Mr. STUART. I now move to reduce the
1 appropriation $1,000; and I yield to allow the
! gentleman from Washington to finish his remarks.
! Mr. LANCASTER." I am thankful for the
! opportunity to speak again in favor of Washing-
: ton. I represent that country, and I am here for
■ the purpose of protecting its interests; and I say
here before you, that I urge nothing to the consid-
eration of this committee but what I believe to be
honestly true and just. I have been a settler there
a long time.
jl Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to aques-
j' tion of order. It is, that the gentleman must con-
fine.himself to opposing the amendment made by
;i the gentleman from Michigan.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
'i fine h>s remarks to an exp'anation of the reasons
| why he opposes the amendment;of the gentleman
! from Michigan.
Mr. LANCASTER. Well, I am doing so. I
i was about to state why i knew of the situation
of things there, why 1 knew of the feelings of the
, citizens, their wants and their fears. Seven years
i ago this summer I removed across the Rocky
! Mountains into that Territory, and I have re-
|! mained there from that time to this, and I intend
to be faithful to its interests. 1 hope this appro-
I priation will not be reduced, and I hope that the
i amendment will prevail. In the five minutes
; which were allotted me I spoke mainly of the Pu-
| get's Sound Agricultural Company. My friend
! from Michigan, to whom i ara indebted for this
■ act of courtesy—which appears to be a part of his
i| character,and for which he willacceptmy thanks—
; feels desirous that, something should be said of the
operation of the Hudson's Bay Company.
Mr. Chairman, you will perceive, as 1 read the
