500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
other. That is all they have agreed to recom-
mend to the House for the benefit of Wisconsin.-
They have reported adversely upon other propo-
sitions for the benefit of that State. But I repeat,
that it has been the policy of the committee to
equalize, as much as possible, these grants of land
among the different States which are to receive
them; and whether there are one or five hundred
propositions before our committee makes no dif-
ference so long as an undue proportion is not
given to any one State.
But to proceed. 1 said a moment ago, that
there are no public lands south and east of the
town of Madison, in the State of Wisconsin, and
hence the competition of which the gentleman
from New "York [Mr. Cuttinc] speaks cannot be
urged as an objection to the practical operation of
this bill. I say there is no part of the public do-
main which will be donated by the bill now pend-
ing before the House,'and cannot, therefore, be
located upon to the detriment of any other road.
This fact is a sufficient reply to all the difficulties
raised by the gentleman from New York.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
if the morning; hour has expired ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired.
Mr. JONES. Then, with a view of getting
into the Committee of the Whole on the slate of
the Union, and progressing with the homestead
bill, I move to proceed to the business on the
Speaker's table. I do not think we shall suffer
much by postponing this question.
Mr. DISNEY. I should like very much to
finish what I have to say now.
The SPEAKER. The proposition is not de-
batable; the gemleman from Tennessee has a right
to submit his motion.
The question was then put on Mr. Jones's mo-
tion, and it was agreed to.
Mr. JONES. 1 now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope my friend from
Tennessee will first permit me to make a motion
connected with the business that is to come up
next week. I desire to have certain bills on the
Speaker's table taken up and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territoiies, so that they may be acted on
there, and be reported back in time for the action
of the House next week.
Mr. JONES. I have no objection to that.
The SPEAKER. To what bills does the gen-
tleman from Illinois refer?
Mr. RICHARDSON. The territorial bills on
the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. If not objected to, the ter-
ritorial bills on the Speaker's table will be taken
up and referred.
Many Members. What bills are they ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. There are several bills.
I do not know what they are, but they relate to
territorial affairs.
[Loud cries of " What are they?"]
Mr. RICHARDSON. Gentlemen need not be
uneasy; the Nebraska bill is not one of them.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It has not passed
the Senate yet.
Mr. CAMPBELL. And it will probably be
some time before it does.
Mr. HENN. I hope all the bills on the Speak-
er's table will be taken up and referred.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I trust that course
will be pursued.
Mr. JONES. If any bill gives rise to debate
I shall insist on my motion.
The SPEAKER. If the motion that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union is withdrawn, the business
on the Speaker's table is now in order.
Mr. JONES. I withdraw it for the present.
The following bills were then taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time by
their respective titles, and severally referred, as
indicated below:
An act to aid the Territory of Minnesota in
constructing a railroad for military, postal, and
other purposes. Referred to the Committee on
Territories.
An act making a grant of lands to the State of
Louisiana, to aid in the construction of a certain
railroad in that State. Referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
An act making a grant of land, in the State of
Michigan, to aid in the construction Of the Oak-
land and Ottawa railroad, and a railroad from the
Grand Rapids to the Straits of Mackinaw, and a
railroad from Pontiac, via Pere Marquette river-,
Manitowoc, and Ontonagon river, to Kewana
Point, with a branch to the vicinity of Carp river,
upon Lake Superior. Referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
An act making further appropriation for the
improvement of Cape Fear river, North Carolina.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act to authorize the State of Illinois to select
the residue of the lands to which she is entitled
under the act of March 2, 1827, granting land to
aid that State in opening a canal to connect the
waters of the Illinois river with those of Lake
Michigan. Referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
An act to provide for the ascertainment and
satisfaction of claims of American citizens for
spoliations committed by the French prior to the
3!st. of July, 1801. Referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
An act to grant to the State of Ohio the unsold
and unappropriated public lands remaining unsold
in that State. Referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
"An act to establish a land district in the State of
Florida, to be called the district of Tampa. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act to relinquish certain lands to the city of
Dubuque, in the State of Iowa. Referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
An act to constitute Palatkasind Bayport, in the
State of Florida, ports of delivery respectively.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act constituting San Pedro, in the State of
California, a port of entry and delivery. Referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
An act making Brunswick, in the State of
Georgia, a port of entry, and for other purposes.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act appointing commissioners to ascertain
certain facts relative to private land claims in the
Territory of Michigan. Referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims.
S. 228. An act for the relief of settlers on lands
reserved forraihoad purposes. Read a first and
second time by its title.
Mr. WARREN. I ask that the last bill read
may be now taken up and put upon its passage.
It is a bill the merits of which can be understood
in a very few moments. It has passed the Senate.
The bill was read through.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole was withdrawn
with the understanding that no bill was to give
rise to debate, but that they should be merely
taken up, read, and referred to the appropriate
committees.
Mr. WARREN. Then I shall not press my
motion.
Mr. JONES. I hope this bill will go to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ORR. I move that it be so referred.
The motion was agreed to.
The following resolution and bills were then
read a first and second time, by their respective
titles, and referred, as indicated below:
A resolution accepting certain volumes and
medals presented by her Britannic Majesty's Gov-
ernment to the United States. Referred to the
Committee on the Library.
An act for the relief of Ira Day, of Vermont.
Referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
An act making a grant of land to the State of
Louisiana, to aid in the construction of a railroad
in said State. Referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
An act making a grant of land to the State of
Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads in said State. Referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act making a grant of land to the State of
Arkansas, to aid in the construction of certain
railroads in said State. Referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
An act making a grant of land to the State of
California, to aid in the construction of railroads
from San Francisco to San Jose, Benicia, to Ma-
rysville, Sacramento City, via Auburn, to Nevada
City and Stockton, to Sonora. Referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
An act making a grant of land to the State of
Florida, to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads in that State. Referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
An act granting to the State of Wisconsin land
to aid in the construction of a railroad from Madi-
son to the Mississippi river. Referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
An act making a grant of land to the States of
Louisiana and Mississippi, to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads in said States. Referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act granting to the State of Alabama public
lands, in alternate sections, to aid in the construc-
tion of the Alabama and Tennessee railroad, from
Selma, on the Alabama river to the Tennessee
river, at or near Gunter's Landing; and, also, the
Memphis and Charleston railroad, from Memphis,
on the Mississippi, to some point connecting the
Nashville, Chattanooga, and Charleston railroad;
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act making a grant of land to the State of
Alabama, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from the line of Georgia, en-
tile Chattahoochie river, to the city of Mobile, in
Alabama; referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committe^of theWhole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Oim in the chair.)
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. When thecommittee last
rose, they had under consideration House bill
(No. 3T) reported from the Committee on Agri-
culture by Mr. Dawson, " to encourage agricul-
ture, commerce, manufactures, and all other
branches of industry, by granting to every man
who is the head of a family, and a citizen of the
United States, a homestead of one hundred and
sixty acres of land out of the public domain, upon
condition of occupancy and cultivation of the same
during the period herein specified." General de-
bate having closed by order of the House, the
committee' will now proceed to consider the bill
by sections. The Clerk will report the first sec-
tion of the bill.
The first section of the bill was then read by the
Clerk, as follows:
" Be it enactcit, 3"e., That any person who is the head of
a family, and a citizen of the United States, shall, from and
after the passage of this act, be entitled to enter, tree of cost,
one quarter section of vacant and unappropriated public
lands, or a quantity equal thereto, to be located in a body,
in conformity with the legal subdivisions of the public
lands, and after the same shall have been surveyed."
Mr. COBB. I desire to offer an amendment to
the section just read. Before I offer it, I wish
to say, if, after a thorough consideration of this
bill, it should not be so perfected as to meet my
approbation, that I intend to offer the substitute
of which I gave notice some little time ago, and
which has already been printed. The amend-
ment which I now propose to offer to the first sec-
tion, is to strike out all after the word " any," in
the third line, and insert the following:
—free white person, the head of a family and citizen of the
United States, or any single free white male person of the
a e of twenty-one and upwards, a citizen of tlie United
States, shall, from and after the passage of this act, be en-
titled to enter, free of cost, one hundred and sixty acres,
subject to private entry at ■-$! 25 per acre, either in the
States or Territories, of any vacant surveyed agricultural
lands not reserved or appropriated, and which shall not
interfere with anv existing rights, or a quantity equal there-
to, to be located in a body, in conformity with the legal
subdivisions of the public lands.
The committee will find, upon comparing the
amendment I propose with the first section, that
there are several material differences. In the first
place, it proposes to grant one hundred and sixty
acres of land to a single man who may have ar-
rived at the age of twenty-one, and who may
choose to make a location upon the public, lands,
the same as is proposed by this bill to be given to
head of families. I consider this an important
amendment.
The amendment proposes, in the second place,
that no lands shall be located upon, except agri-
cultural lands, and those too which may be sub-
