1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ment, by way of a substitute, which I intend to
offer for the bill which has been reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to modify and amend
the judicial system of the United States. 1 lis an
important subject; and I have some views not
exactly in harmony with the provisions of the
bill reported. 1 cannot flatter myself that I should
be able to present an entire bill, but I desire to lay
my amendment on the table, and have it printed.
The order to print was made.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. BRODHEAD. t present the memorial of
Alexander J. Atocha. He complainsof theaction
of the late Board of Commissioners on claims
against Mexico. It was formerly presented, and
referred to the Select Committee which recently
made a report upon that subject. This select
committee, in consequence of the absence of Mr.
Claike, then Senator from Rhode Island, was
equally divided in opinion as to the claim. He
now presents his memorial, setting forth the facts,
and asks that the case be again considered. He
also presents additional proofs and documents in
support of the claim. I ask that it be received,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented a petition of citi-
zens of the parish of Calcasieu, Louisiana, praying
the establishment of a light-house at the mouth of
the Calcasieu river, in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. M ALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, submitted a report to accompany the bill
to improve the naval service; which was ordered
to be printed
Mr. MALLORY submitted a motion to print
three hundred additional copies of the above report;
which was referred to the Committee on Printing.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Brodhead] has now returned, and 1
should therefore like to call up, at this time, the
motion made by him to reconsider the vote adopting
the resolution Respecting the publication of thirty-
seven thousand five hundred additional copies of
the agricultural part of the Patent Office report.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 am quite ready myself
to give the reasons why I moved to reconsider the
resolution alluded to by my honorable friend from
Michigan; but, sir, I should much prefer that the
Senate would proceed, in the first instance, with
the subject of printing the debates. It seems to
me that it would be proper to dispose of that mat-
ter first. It was very fully discussed, as I under-
stand, yesterday afternoon, and can be disposed
of without much debate. I think, therefore, that
we had better dispose of that matter before we
proceed to the consideration of the Patent Office
report.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the morning business be
through, I should like to move to take up the res-
olution referred to by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, with the view of disposing of the subject
this morning.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Michigan withdraw his motion?
Mr. STUART. I cannot see what relation
one subject has to another, but I am very willing
to consult the convenience of the gentleman. I
therefore withdraw my motion.
SENATE REPORTING.
The PRESIDENT. Then the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday will now be taken up. It is a
resolution of the Senator from Indiana in relation
to the publication of the debates of the Senate.
The pending question is on the motion to refer
that resolution, with the amendment proposed, to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. PRATT. The yeas and nays were called
for.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. I shall vote for the reference of
the resolution to the Committee on Printing. I
am in favor of its object. 1 presume there can be
no doubt that the Globe does not receive a suf-
ficient compensation for the labor performed in the
Senate, and I am very willing to increase it. So
far as the printing of the debates in the other
papers of this city is concerned, I have no sort of
objection to that. I think it is not necessary to
pay for a duplicate reporter. The debates may
just as well be taken from theGlobe and published
m the other papers. 1 think it perfectly right and
proper that some system should be adopted, so
that the readers of the journals may be informed
of the debates and proceedings of the Senate.
As to any matter of expense, it is inconsider-
able compared with the spreading of a knowledge
of the proceedings of Congress before the people
generally. Under such circumstances I have no
objection as to the amount proposed. There is,
however, a serious objection to the proposition;
and, if 1 am compelled to vote on the resolution in
its present form, I must vote against it. The
method adopted by it to compensate the Globe, is
to take ninety-one copies for each member.
Mr. BROWN. Eighty-one.
Mr. RUSK. Eighty-one besides the twelve
which are taken now. It would then be ninety-
three to each Senator. That will embarrass us;
and I should be glad if the Committee on Printing
would take the matter into consideration, and
adopt some other method than to take the enor-
mous number of ninety-three copies of the Globe
.and Appendix for each Senator; arid therefore 1
shall vote for the reference of the resolution to
lhat committee.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, if we are to
keep up the system of reporting, it seems to me
we ought to do something like what is proposed
by the resolution. The trueplan would be to pay
one paper for reporting, and the others for pub-
lishing, the debates and proceedings. The sys-
tem would not be complete, if we were to pay only
to have them reported, because it would be neces-
sary to publish them that the public may get hold
of them; aud to do that the true mode is to make
a contract with the leading papers of the city,
and pay them for their publication as is here pro-
posed.
If, on the other hand, the Senate should come
to the conclusion that the reporting system is not
a good one, I should be willing to abolish it alto-
gether; for I believe there is much to be said on
both sides. While, on the one hand, it is desir-
able that full reports should be had, to show the
reasons and grounds of our legislation, I think it
is obvious, on the other hand, that the system
introduces more speaking than we otherwise would
have, and perhaps, deteriorates its character. I
think the tendency of the system is to change it
into a sort of essay writing; but still I think there
is no mistake that it is the sense of the Senate and
of the other House to have their proceedings re-
ported. If so, 1 am willing to go the further length
of paying the papers to publish them; and in doing
so I would state to the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Stdart,] that I by no means think that I am
lndoismg the editorials of any one, or of all of
them, by merely paying them to publish the pro-
ceedings of the Senate. So far from indorsing
anything which is calculated to reflect upon the
President of the United Slates, I would be as far
from doing that as he is; for I believe the Presi-
dent of the United States is earnestly intent upon
carrying out the principles upon which he was
brought into power. 1 think his course upon the
Nebraska bill and the indigent insane land bill,
which are the two great practical issues of the
session, has been manly, straightforward, and
wise. At the same time, I believe he has erred in
relation to the distribution of patronage; but what-
ever errors there may have been, I believe they
were committed with the very best intentions.
Therefore, I vote without meaning to express any
opinion with regard to this or that editorial in either
of the papers. I believe it is better, if we keep
up the system of reporting, to have the debates
published in the three leading papers of the city,
if they will do it. The only point of doubt and
difficulty which I have, is in tegard to the num-
ber of extra Globes which it is proposed to take.
I do not know but that it may be giving more
than we ought to give to that one paper. I am
willing to compensate its proprietor justly and
amply for his services; and the only question that
I have is as to the measure of the compensation.
The Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] has
examined this question, and so has the Senator
from Alabama, [Mr. Fitzpatrick.J We have
heard from the Senator from Alabama. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas, 1 think, is of the opinion that
this is not too much. I see him in his seat, and
perhaps he can satisfy my mind on the point.
Mr. BRIGHT. I concur entirely in all that
has been said by the Senator from Virginia, and
I am very sorry that the debate yesterday took a
direction which would lead to the inference that
any Senator here is governed by anything like
unkind feeling towards the Administration, m ad-
vocating the resolution which is now before us.
Nothing of the kind, at any rate, entered into my
breast.
I think it unnecessary to extend this debate. I
am very anxious that the resolution should be
voted upon. I accepted the proposition of the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] under the
impression that, if 1 did so, theie would be no
serious objection to it. I am now satisfied that
my original proposition is greatly embarrassed by
the amendment offered for the benefit of the Globe;
but I am further satisfied, Mr. President, after a
very thorough examination of the subject, that the
extra copies proposed to be ordered will not pro-
vide more than a fair compensation to remunerate
the proprietor of that paper for the services we
require at his hands.
1 hope the resolution will not be referred to the
Committee on Printing, for I have no idea, from
the exhibition which we have had on the floor,
that that committee would be able to agree upon
a report; and, furthermore, we understand the
subject thoroughly, and can dispose of it without
the assistance of the committee.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I agree entirely
in what has been said by my friend from Virginia,"
that if we are to have any system by which the
Senate proposes to publish its debates, the one
proposed by the resolution, in its present form,
is free from every reasonable objection. It pro-
poses to have one reporter, and 1 think it can ad-
mit of no doubt in the mind of any gentleman who
has at all turned his attention to this subject, that
it is difficult to conceive, and vain to expect, any
better system of reporting than that which is fur-
nished by the proprietor of the Globe. That being
the case, by having this one reporter we accom-
plish the desirable object of having the reports
prepared, and printed with every imaginable se-
curity that they will be a fair representation of
what passes here—fair not only in substance, but
fair in detail.
Having procured that, the next object is to have
these reports spread before the country. They
are not published for our reading. They are not
intended to inform us of what passes here. They
are intended, as far as possible, to enable the
people of the United States, for whom we act,
and the States which we represent, and to which
we are responsible, to understand what is said
and done here by their representatives. In order
to accomplish that, this resolution proposes that
the reports, thus carefully and faithfully prepared,
shall be published in the three leading papers here.
Surely nothing, in my opinion, can be more rea-
sonable than this. We get rid of an unnecessary
expense, involved in maintaining two or three
corps of reporters; we insure at once accuracy
and unity in the presentations of the discussions
that take place here, and upon moderate terms we
secure also the widest practicable diffusion of these
reports throughout the whole country. Now, sir,
in connection with this subject, I think that if we
are to make any provision for publishing the de-
bates of this body, no plan more fair, and no plan
more economical, can be adopted by the Senate;
therefore, if the system of reporting is to be con-
tinued, I am entirely in favor of the resolution
which has been submitted.
There is another and a distinct question into
which I do not enter. 1 refer to the suggestion
thrown out by the Senator from Virginia, whether
it is, upon the whole, wise to Jiave any provision
mode for the reports at all? I think that matter
is settled. The Senate intends to have its debates
reported, and the only question for us is as to the
best and most economical method.
Now, with regard to the mode in" which it is
proposed to make some additional compensation
to the proprietor of the Globe, who has completed
this admirable system of reporting, I have two
remarks to make. The first is this; I believe no
gentleman can have any reasonable doubt that
the present arrangement of the Senate does not
furnish the desired compensation. That I take
to be clear, both upon the little observation which
I have been able to make of it, and upon the clear
and decided opinion of my friend from Arkansas,
