THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
and the other gentlemen who have had full op-
portunities of investigation.
. The second observation which I wish to make
on this point is, that I prefer the method of giving
that increased compensation which is proposed
by this resolution to any other method. It remu-
nerates the reporter. It enables this establishment
to go on successfully, arid without entailing upon
its proprietor a loss which he should not suffer,
and it does it by furnishing to the members of this
body largely increased facilities for distributing in
a permanent form, and putting into the possession
of a large proportion of their constituents, the au-
thorized published reports of the discussions and
proceedings of this body. For the day, or for the
hour, that may be a matter of small importance,
but 1 have found, and L do not doubt that other
gentlemen in this body have found the same thing,
a very considerable difficulty, often in not being
able to refer to the proceedings and debates of this
body, as well as of the other House of Congress,
in days gone by.
We find it important to ascertain the views and
opinions entertained by those who have preceded
us. It is sometimes difficult, or occasionally im-
possible to ascertain, for want of ready and con-
venient sources of recurrence, what those debates
and opinions have been. Let us then, sir, by this
proceeding secure at least for hereafter an oppor-
tunity of judging what have been the views, the
opinions, and the course of policy indicated and
"supported by the present members of this body.
I trust I do not place any exaggerated estimate
upon the value of what we say, but at least, Mr.
President, I do not think it is just to depreciate
ourselves so much as to imagine that in times to
come those who succeed us will not be desirous to
know, and may not at least sometimes learn, too,
with advantage not only for themselves, but for
the country, the discussions which may have
taken place in this body.
Having said this, sir, it seems to me that it fol-
lows there is no necessity for a reference of this
resolution. I see no advantage to accrue from it.
The subject is fully in the possession of the Sen-
ate. If the Senate is opposed to the system, vote
down the resolution. If the Senate is in favor of
the system, in my judgment, it cannot be mate-
rially improved in its details by the labors of any
committee. Therefore, so far as I am concerned,
X shall vote against the reference, and in favor of
the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. As I do not wish to fatigue
this body, and as I do not wish to fatigue myself,
I shall not undertake the labor which would ne-
cessarily be imposed upon me if I should enter
upon this subject in every aspect in which it pre-
sents itself. It involves much to which I shall
not refer. I shall confine myself to a few facts to
which I desire especially to call the attention of
the Senate.
The resolution, as it stands, embraces two sep-
arate and distinct subjects; and before the vote is
taken I shall call for-a division of the question.
One portion of it relates exclusively to the report-
ing of the debates and proceedings, and the print-
ing them in the Globe. The other portion relates
to printing the debates in the city papers only.
It will be seen that it is an omnibus resolution;
for it embraces matters which do not necessarily
stand together, and, as they are capable of divis-
ion, I shall ask that they be divided.
The Senator from Virginia spoke of the cost of
the Congressional Globe, and the method in which
that cost should be distributed, or, m other words,
as to the compensation to be received by the pub-
lisher of the Congressional Globe and Appendix:
and the objection of the Senator from Texas was
based on the method by which it is proposed to
pay him, because it allows individual members of
the Senate to receive a large number of the Globe
and Appendix for distribution. Now, sir, after
having considered the subject maturely and la-
boriously, I must say that I see no better method,
nor any so good.
We must do something with that establishment,
or we shall be compelled to give up the reporting
and printing of our debates. The gentleman who
is at the head of the establishment has not said
he will quit because he makes nothing. I believe
he has never distinguished himself in that way.
He will go on with his contract until he is unable
to go further; and what he does do he will do well.
What he has done has always been well done.
In regard to the numbers to be taken, I see no
better method which can be pursued. There are
other methods by which it can be done. Two or
three propositions have been submitted to me,
which, if necessary, I will read. I have exam-
ined them all maturely. They propose to pay
him for the'future, but not to make ap his losses
for the past. At the beginning of this Congress
he had lost tjie sum of $40,000. This will be
seen on an examination of his facts. I have ex-
amined them carefully, and I am satisfied of the
truth of what he says.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator says that the
proprietor of the Globe has been at a loss of
$40,000. Is that for this Congress, or for the
whole period that he has pursued the business?
Mr. JOHNSON. For the whole period.
Mr. BENJAMIN. How many years?
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot give the exact num-
ber of years; it has been certainly some four or
five. Changes in the price of work and materials
have gone on, and he is going on losing at an ac-
celerated rate. I do not wish (unnecessarily to
consume time; but I can produce the items in
proof of the statement, and to any rational man*
it must be as clear as sunlight.
Sir, it will be well to advert to the authority
relied upon by the Senator from Alabama, [Mr.
Fitzpatrick]—the statement and calculation of
William Towers 1 have said that that statement
is unreliable. Why, sir, there are errors all the
way through it. There are errors that 1 have
calculated; and, in addition, we have a statement
by Mr. Rives pointing out its errors. Mr. Rives's
statement has been published and republished for
three weeks; it has been standing before the people
for investigation. If Mr. Rives has published a
false statement, he is not worthy of recognition
by this body, or to be intrusted with the public
records.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I will yield for an interrup-
tion, but certainly not for an argument.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I meant to have stated,
when I addressed the Senate yesterday, that I
had another communication sustaining the former
statement.
Mr. JOHNSON. Establishing it?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. So I understand.
Mr. JOHNSON. Exactly. A full answer to
Mr. Towers has been published to the" world, and
has been in his possession for three weeks. Per-
haps the honorable Senator has got an answer to
it.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I have a communica-
tion from Mr. Towers explaining the facts.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well. 1 have the first
document furnished by Mr. Towers, giving the
result of his investigation. Mr. Towers is a
Frinter, and, I understand, a very good one. But
have never heard of his managing a heavy estab-
lishment, which is a very different branch of busi-
ness. He, however, was called upon to make a
report to the Committee on Printing, which is
relied upon by the Senator from Alabama with
great confidence. If gentlemen will give me their
attention, I will show the number of errors with
which one short page can be filled. Mr. Towers
says:
"The Congressional Globe and Appendix for the Thirty-
Second Congress made six volumes, and an aggregate of
5,300 pages."
Error No. 1. The correct number of pages is
5,454.
" The subscription price is $9 for each Congress. The
.Senate now takes 741 copies, and it i* proposed to take
5,644 copies, being an mcreasc of 4,920 copies."
There is an error again. Instead of 5,644, it
stood, on the papers that were before him, 5,712.
" The inquiry of Governor Fitzpatrick is: ' What will
the net co<r to the printer be of the 4,920 additional copies ?>
The answer to this question is based upon the data above
mentioned.
^Answer.
The cost of paper, (3,472 reams, at $4 per ream,) $13,880."
Here is another error. Instead of 3,472 reams
it is 3,480 reams, and 455 sheets, showing that he
has not proceeded with any strict accuracy.
There is also an error in regard to the price of the
paper. Instead of $4 a ream—and he knew
it; he could not have helped knowing it—the very
lowest price is $4 80 a ream; and you cannot
possibly get paper during this session of Congress
for less. Mr. Rives has his bills, and they show
that he has sometimes t'o pay $6 50 a ream. Thus
we have specimens of the kind of estimate upon
which my honorable friend from Alabama has
based his representations. Calculate the paper at
$4 80 instead of $4 a ream, and it makes the
aggregate cost $16,708 55, instead of $13,880.
The next iterh—and, sir, each item seems to be
a gross and special error—is the following:
"The cost of press-work. (J3,038tokens, at 30cents per
token,) $3,911 40."
This, sir, is a most preposterous representation.
Why, sir, the clerk of the Superintendentof Print-
ing, who made this report, knows that his own
brothers, who are printers in this city, are print-
ing for Mr. Rives at fifty cents a token as a favor,
when their machinery and hands have nothing
else to do. Thirty cents a token ! Why, when
we look at every contract that Congress has
made in regard to printing, except that made
with Mr. Ritchie, we find that one dollar a token
was paid. Mr. Ritchie received fifty-three cents
a token for his printing, and he came back to
Congress and announced the fact that he was
ruined, totally ruined by it, and asked for relief.
Congress then gave him over one dollar a token
and still he proclaimed to the world that he had not
been saved from loss. Although this was the case,
Mr. Towers sits down and makes a calculation
at thirty cents a token ! What is a token ? Two
hundred and fifty impressions taken from the
press. A nd Mr. Towers calculates 13,038 tokens;
but even in that his figures are wrong. It is 13,367
tokens., Taking that at his own calculation, it
would make a mistake, for the true amount, in-
stead of $3,911 would be $4,010 10.
Now, what reliance can be placed upon his
statements and deductions? it is well known
that we have never had the work done at less than
one dollar a token, except in the case of Mr.
Ritchie's contract, and that he abandoned, and we
had to give him more than one dollar, after legis-
lating for four months on the subject. It is thus
evident that Mr. Towers makes a clear mistake
in that calculation, upon a single estimate, of
nearly $10,000. On this subject, to satisfy my
own mind, I addressed each of the printers in this
city. I called upon them to know at what rates
they would print for me, and the average price
which they proposed was $1 06 a token. One
declined to give me an answer, but said that he
would print for me all that I wished for nothing.
He supposed that it was merely some little print-
ing that I wished to have done, and he was will-
ing to do it for nothing, out of his personal kind
feelings for me; but the average answer that I
received was $1 06 a token, for this very item
which Mr. William Towers sets down at thirty
cents. His' brothers, when they have leisure,
print for Mr..Rives, as a matter of favor, for fifty
cents a token, which is sixty-six and two thirds
per cent, more than he says Mr. Rives can afford
to do it for himself.
Now, I ask, what confidence is to be put in
estimates like these? But we will go to the next
point:
The cost offolding, (13,038 tokens, at 12 cents per token,)
$1,564 56.
There again he errs. He supposes that there
are 13,038 tokens to be folded, whereas the num-
ber folded is but just half, both sides of the sheet
being printed. Mr. Towers calculates for folding
13,038 tokens at twelve cents a token, and allows
Mr. Rives $1,564 56 for it; whereas the number
of tokens folded was but 6,519, and the amount
should be only $782 28.
The aggregate errors in' these calculations
amount to over $12,000! Mr. Towers then pro-
ceeds to another estimate, and says:
" The subscription price of the 4,920 additional copies,"
The number should be 4,968,
" at $9 per copy, would be $44,280."
The amount should be $44,712.
"The cost to the printer would be, as above, $19,355 96."
It ought to be $21,520 67. He then goes on:
" It appears from the letters of Mr. Rives, and [the oaths
of] others"—
Here are the oaths—I will not detain the Senate
by reading them—which go to show that during
the first fifty-nine days of this session, Mr.
Rives lost upwards of three dollars a column on
the publishing which was done for both branches
of Congress. I want to call the attention 6f the
