1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Senator from Alabama to the fact, that he has
studiously separated the consideration of the public
printing and reporting of this House from that
of the other. Sir, I treat it in gross. 1 put it all
together, and I allege that these losses occurred
from the whole, and not from this body alone.
Upon the printing and reporting for both branches,
he has lost, and is losing, at an accelerated rate.
But let us again look at the kind of authority
upon which my friend from Alabama relies. It
seems to me he ought to have examined Mr.
Rives's letter in his regard for right which I know
and acknowledge that he feels as sensibly as any-
body. It seems to me it was most inexcusable
that he did not examine it at once and satisfy him-
self about it; but 1 am informed that that Senator
never read Mr. Rives's statement. Am I correct
in regard to that ?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. You are correct in re-
gard to that. I' have not had time to look into all
these statements.
Mr. JOHNSON. I regret it, for if you had
read it, I feel assured there is much in it you would
have taken delight in reading. I say this because
I am satisfied you want to do what is right and
just.
Mr. Towers says:
"It appears, from the letters of Mr. Rives and others,
that a large loss is incurred by turn at present in the execu-
tion of his contract with the Senate."
That is the subject upon which he was asked
for a statement.
" And he asks this additional subscription, which,he sup-
poses will lemanerate hun for his labor on account of the
profit accruing on it. How far the present contract with
Mr. llives ma}' be remunerating, or otherwise, would re-
quire much time and labor to ascertain."
Sir, I should like to know what the Committee
on Printing was established for, if it was'not for
the purpose of ascertaining? I -should like to
know what they referred a commission of this
character to that clerk for, unless it was that he
should take that trouble? That is what he says
after having made this wretched and erroneous cal-
culation, and then he concludes:
" And I think it would be indelicate in me, to pay the
least, to express any opinion I may entertain upon the sub-
ject until I am prepared to support it by facts and figures.'5
What makes it indelicate in him? Why wait
until he has prepared the facts and figures? Sir,
I am authorized to say to you here, that the whole
of that printing establishment, its books, and its
most private concerns w^re open to him, and he
was invited to go in and make the investigation,
but he declined to do it. Heexamined but apor-
tion of its business, and, on seeing the manner m
which the speeches were altered after they were
set up, he said " why that is just as bad as to have
it all to set over again." They said to him " go
on and examine the whole establishment, and then
report the facts as you find them." He declined
to do it, and went on and furnished this statement,
at the end of which he says it would be indelicate
in him to express an opinion as to whether a loss
was sustained or not. It is strange that he should
feel this delicacy after having made a calculation
which, if true, would utterly destroy the veracity
of the^man who made the previous statement;
yet it is true that when he comes to the point for
which the subject was referred to him, he says he
thinks it a matter too delicate for him to investi-
gate.
Mr. President, I would, if it were possible, es-
cape from an examination of all these details, but
there are points to which I feel it to be my duty
to call the attention of the Senate, and they are so
plain that they will not fail to create a sensation
in the mind of every man who listens to the state-
ment of them.
I have before me the printed statement of Mr.
Hives, which has been before the public and in
the hands of every printer of the city for the last
three weeks, and which has been at the service of
every Senator, and is yet to be had by any and
every Senator who chooses to make the investiga-
tion. I will turn, for instance, to this item of
tokens, concerning which 1 have made a few re-
marks. Mr. Rives says:
" But Messrs. Gales & Seaton, it appears, convinced the
Congress that made the reduction of twenty per cent, on
the public printing that tliey could not stand it, and, at the
end of that Congress, the twenty per cent, was restored to
them."
That is, during the time they were the printers,
in 1841 and 1842.
" Tins gave them $4 40 for press work and folding, and
stabbing and stitching. Deduct ten per cent, for stabbing
and stitching, and it leaves them $3 96 a token for press -
work and foldin?, which lacks only four cents of being eight
times as much as Mr. Moore now allows me"—
He is here speaking of another calculation,
made by Mr. Moore, who is a brother-in-law of
Mr. Toners, and who has furnished a calculation
which Mr. Rives has taken great pains to answer.
—"when the wages I now pay to printer are twenty per
cent, higher than Messrs. Gales & Seaton paid them."
" Mr. William Towers, the other witness who bears wit-
ness against me, is Mr. fliloore's brother-in-law,'and their
testimony is nearer than their relationship to each other.
He says the press-work can he doiif  by me for thirty>ents
a token, and the folding for twelve cents a token; making
together h rty-iwo cents a token for press-work and tolding.
Mr. Moore said in 1840"—
Eighteen hundred and forty was a period of jjme
when all things were cheaper than they are now.
" Mr. Moore said, in 1840, that I could do both for forty-
two and a half cents a token— only one half of one cent
difference! This is a slrange and striking coincidence,
when it is recollected that fourteen years elapsed between
the tunes when they gave their testimony, and in the mean
time the wages of printers had been changed twenty per
cent.
" At the very time Mr. Towers gave his testimony that j
press-work could be done for thirty cents a token, his broth- i
c*rs in this city were doing it for me, at their leisure, and as
a lavor to me, and chargmg me sixty-six and two thirds per
cent, more than lie allows me."
He certainly ought to have been conscious, but
may not. have been, however, of the rate of
charges at which his own brothers were doing
business.
"They have been doing it at that rate for me for years
past; and 1 have reciprocated their lavors by letting them
have paper at precisely what it cost me. They make some
thing by printing for me at fifty cents a token, because ihey
do it when they have no pre->s-work ot their own to occupy
their presses, on my type already made up into pages lor
them, and by men who work by the week."
And consequently would have nothing else to
do unless they had that, and still are paid.
" Thirty cents a token on the copies of the Congressional
Globe, which boni branches of Congress take from me,
will not jfiiy one third the interest on the capital invested
and the wear and lear on materials in my office, as I will
prove in less than twenty lines.
" Congress takes from me6,4.r>6 copies of the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix—-the House 5,712, and the
Senate the balance, 744, of them. The press work on thet>e
during the last Congress was 48.340 tokens, which, at 30
cents a token, amounts to $5,502. The interest on the cap-
ita! invested in my printing establishment, and the wear
and tear of the materials durmg that time, as Mr. Moore
admits, amounted to $-17,680; and every printer knows, or
ought to know, that at least three fourths ot the capital in-
vested in a large printing establishment is properly chaige-
able to the press room department, and that at least five
sixths of the wear and tear of the office and machinery is
also chargeable to it."
Here are facts, which gentlemen can take up
and study and consider maturely for themselves,
which go conclusively to settle the matter in re-
gard to the calculation now relied upon by the
Senator from Alabama as to the fairness of the
compensation on this item of tokens, which is
one of the heaviest items in the calculation.
Permit me m this connection to read a state-
ment of the cost of similar work,as done in Penn-
sylvania and Maryland, and in England for the
reports of the proceedings of the British Parlia-
ment.
They have had a fixed system for many years,
and hence they afford a precedent, which may be
considered good, in consequence of the much
greater experience they have had in these matters,
than this body or the other branch of Congress.
Mr. Rives says:
" Now, r will compare the price paid to me for the de-
bates in Congress, with the prices paid in England for the
debates in the English Parliament.
" Hansard's Parliamentary Debates for the la«t Parlia-
ment, commencing the 10th of February, and ending the
9th of May, 1853, made 2,216 octavo pages, averaging 2,250
ems a. page, making toaether 4,896,000
" These were printed in three royal octavo volumes, and
retailed in London for £ I 10s. a volume, bound, making
£4 10s. for the three volumes, equal there to §19 98, here
to $22 50. .... _ — _
" Hansard sells his debates to the booksellers of London
for £1 2s'. 6d. a volume, bound, making £3 7s. fid. for the
three volumes, equal there to §14 99, here to-$16 92.
" The Library of Congress paid a bookseller tn London
five per cent, advance on Hansard's wholesale price for
the three volumes, and they amounted to §17 76."
Our Library accounts show that fact.
"The Congressional Globe and Appendix for the last
Congress, at this rate, would amount to $136 a copy."
I call upon the Senate to look at a fact like that
when my honorable friend from Alabama talks
about gross extravagance. There are people in
England who have had the experience of years
in this business; And if we paid for the ©lobe, for
which we gave $12 per bound" copy, atthe same
rate which they pay for theirs, ipstead of giving
$12, we should give $136 for a single copy of the
Globe and Appendix. It is a startling fact, that
what costs us $12 would cost us f 136 at their rate.;
and so in proportion for the whole of your copies.
This, Mr President and gentlemen, is tlie char-
acter of the extravagance of which we have Ijeen
guilty in paying Mr. Rives for the Globe and Ap-
pendix the rates which have been mentioned. •
" The Senate paid Tor them, bound, only $ 19 a copy.
" It is clear, therefore, that the Senate does not pay one
eleventh the rate for the dehates in Congress that this Gov-
ernment pays for the Parliamentary Debates of England for
the Library of Congress.
" Add to what the Senate pays for the Congressional
Globe and Appendix what it pays towards defraying the ex-
penses of reporting and publishing the debates* in the Daily
Globe, and then the 5^712 copies which the Senate is a ked
to subscribe for, would not cost it one seventh, the rate paid
for Hansard's Debates."
If the price paid to Mr. Rives for reporting the
proceedings and publishing them in the Daily
Globe be included, then the Congressional Globe
and Appendix will not cost you one seventh of
their price.
" And it is believed that Hansard takes bis debates from
the London papers, and makes but little alteration in
them."
In other words# the system is not carried on with
anything like the same accuracy, the same perse-
verance, the same decision, and the same rapidity,
with which it is carried on for this body, for, ! be-
lieve, it is conceded that the b^st reporting which
is done in the world, for accuracy, and for rapid-
ity, is done for the American Congress.
" Now add tfye facts that washes of both reporters and
printers and the price of paper, are each and all less in
England than they are in this country, and then can any
man give a good reason why thei u should be so great adis-
parny m the prices which the debates of thp two countries
are sold for? or why Hansard's should be sold so high, aud
Rives's so low ?
Now, sir, for another point. There is a cele-
brated printing establishment in this country
known as "Harper & Brothers." Mr. Rives
says:
" Harper & Brothers, of New York, print about 125,000
copies of their Magazine, winch enables them to sell them
at what is considered a very low price—25 cents a number.
The Congressional Globe and Appendix, at that rale, would
amount to §25 a copy for each Congress. I seli them to •
Congress for $9 a copy.
At the rate at which the Harpers sell their
Magazine, which is deemed to be extraordinarily
low, the Congressional Globe would amount to
$25 a copy for each Congress. Look at that.
We pay $9a copy,and atthe lowest rate atwhich
the Harper brothers print their magazine, and
distribute one hundred and twenty-five thousand
copies of it—a price which is pronounced so ex-
traordinarily low—instead of o.ur paying #9 a
copy for the reports of the debates of Congress,
it would be $25. That I believe is the lowest
printing establishment in the United States. There
are a great many more such statements as these
in this paper; but 1 pass them by; I do not wish
to detain the Senate. It is not necessary to mul-
tiply them. These are facts which there is no
such thing as getting over! But now I turn you
to the case of the State of Pennsylvania, and give
to you a few paragraphs which is upon that sub-
ject. My friend from Pennsylvania will listen to
this, I know, with some interest:
"Before I commenced writing this answer to Mr.
Moore's and Mr. Towers's statements, I wrote to gentle-
men in Kentuckv, Pennsylvania, and Maryland, inquiring
ot them how much the reporting and printing the debates
of the conventions called to amend their constitution? cost
thos-e States, respectively; and since the above was in
type, I have received the following answers from the two
States last mentioned, and will not wait any longer for an
answer to the letter written to the gentleman in Kentucky:
" Harrisburg, Pennsylvania., Jijrril 17,1854.
"Sir: Upon the receipt of your letter inquiring of me the
expense of reporting and printing the debates of the con-
vention to amend the constitution of Pennsylvania, that sat
in the years 1837-'8, I went to the Auditor General's Of-
fice, and obtained the accompanying items of expenditure,
as paid upon the different warrants fiom time to time.
"By this, it will be seen that the reporting of the debates
of said convention cost $20,488 15, and the printing aud
binding cost $69,668 90. These debates made thirteen vol-
umes, amounting, in the aggregate, to about 7,OUOpages,
octavo, 1,300 ems to the pages, and two thousand five hun •
dred copies were printed—that is, 1,250 in the English lan-
guage, and 1,250 in the German language. I have no means
of getting at the price of binding these volumes, with cer-
tainty, but tlunk it cost between nine and ten thousand dot*
lars. . "
"There were five reporters employed, viz: John Aug,
principal; H. G« Wheeler,E. Kingman, W. E. Drake, and
