1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21671
stricken out are a part of the original text of the
bill, and while I am disposed to treat the Senate
communication with every degree of respect, yet
1 am unwilling to set a precedent for invading the
original matter of the bill.
Mr. WALSH. Is this discussion out of order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. WALSH. Then I object to it.
The question was taken on Mr. Jones's motion;
and it was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and theSpeaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly the amend-
ments of the Senate to House bill 48, " making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1855," and had instructed him to
report back some of the amendments to which
they had agreed, others to which they had agreed
with amendments, and others which they had non-
concurred in.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the appro-
bation of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston,] I propose that the House sustain the
previous question, order the main question to be
put, and then adjourn. With that view, I move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. B ARKSDALE. Is a motion now in order ;
to lay the bill upon the table ?
[Cries of "Let the mam question be ordered
first!"]
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move to lay the bill
upon the table.
[Cries of " No, no!"]
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw my motion
for the present, but I shall renew it.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I now move to lay the
bill upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the House,
thereupon, at twenty-five minutes of nine o'clock,
p. m., adjourned till to morrow morning at ten
o'clock, a. m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jlugust 2,'.1854.
The House met at ten o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Henrt Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was readand approved.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. McMol- i
Lin, Mat, and Kerr, a committee of conference,
to meet a like committee on the part of the Sen- j
ate, in relation to the disagreeing votes of the two j
Houses upon the bill of the House entitled An 1
act to authorize the extension of the Alexandria |
and Washington railroad into the District of Co- ;
lumbia." j
The SPEAKER announced as the business
first in order, the motion made last evening by
Mr. Barksdale, to lay the civil and diplomatic
bill upon the table.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. 1 rise to a
privileged question. I desire to make a report
from the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. There is nothing in order
except the motion to lay the civil and diplomatic
bill upon the table, unless it be by the unanimous
consent of the House.
Mr. WHEELER. I object to everything,
and call for the regular order of business.
CHARLES G. GUNTER.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to make a report from the
Committee on Private Land Claims. It is in rela-
tion to a private claim which has been for years
before the House. It has already passed the Sen-
ate two or three times. There has never been
any objection to it. The parties interested are
very much aggrieved in consequence of the delay
on the part of Congress to pass this bill. I hope
the House will consent to take it up now.
Mr. SAGE. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man from Alabama whether this is anything but
a simple bill?
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. It is simply a Senate
bill of a private character, and will require no time
to pass the House. I desire to report it back
without amendment.
There being no objection, the bill was received
and read by its title, as follows:
An act to relinquish the reversionary interest of
the United States to a certain reservation therein
mentioned, and confirm the title of Charles G. Gun-
ter thereto.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I will now briefly
state the facts in this case.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Oh, no; we do not
want to hear them.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. If the House be not
satisfied, I will explain.
Several Members. Oh, we are satisfied.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
REPORTS OF SENATE BILLS.
Mr. PECKHAM. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report back four Senate bills
from the Committee on Military Affairs, for the
mere purpose of reference.
Assent was expressed.
Mr. PECKHAM. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs report back the following bill, with a
recommendation that it do pass:
Senate bill (No. 338) " for the relief of Robert
C. Thompson, the legal representative of William
H. Thompson, deceased, formerly brigadier gen-
eral in the revolutionary war." Referred to a
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. PECKHAM. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs report the following bill back, with a
recommendation that it do not pass:
Senate bill (No. 398) "for the relief of the heirs
of Captain Joshua Chamberlain, deceased."
The report and bill were ordered to be laid on
the table, and the former was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PECKHAM. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs report back the following bill, with
a recommendation that it do pass; but with an
amendment virtually denying the relief asked for:
Senate bill (No. 353) "for the relief of the legal
representatives of Henry King, deceased." Re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PECKHAM. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs report back the following bill, with a
recommendation that it do pass:
Senate bill (No. 375) " relative to the accounts
of General Stephen Moyer." Referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to permit me to report back the
following bill, from the Committee on Military
Affairs:
Senate bill (No. 269) " granting the right of
way over, and depot grounds on, the military
reserve at Fort Gratiot, in the State of Michigan,
to the Port Huron and Lake Michigan Railroad
Company."
Unanimous consent being given, the report was
received.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time, and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
UNITE® STATES COURT IN BOSTON, ETC.
Mr. WALLEY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table a bill which has come back from the Senate
with an amendment. I desire that the House
shall concur in that amendment, and it will not
take five minutes to do so, as there will be no ob-
jection to it. It is a bill to authorize the lease of
a building in Boston for the accommodation of
the United States court, and the procuring of
sites for court-houses in Boston, New York, and
Philadelphia. The House have passed the bill,
and the Senate have amended it so that the pur-
chase shall not be binding unless the sanction of
Congress is obtained.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up,
and read in extenso.
The Senate amendment, which was read, was
to add at the end of the bill the following:
Together with any contract or contracts he may make
for any site or sites, which contract or contracts shali be
conditional, and made subject to the approval of Congress.
The amendment of the Senate was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
Senate amendment was agreed to, and also to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was. agreed to.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the business upon the Speaker's table, for
the purpose of taking up the Senate amendments
to the homestead bill.
Mr. MATTESON. I object to the motion.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Then 1 move to suspend the
rules, to enable me to submit the motion.
The SPEAKER. There is already a motion
pending to suspend the rules. There is also a
motion pending to lay the civil and diplomatic bill
upon the table; both of which take precedence of
the motion proposed by the gentleman from Al-
abama. This motion cannot be received. The
rules cannot be suspended at this time at all.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask, in order that I may
understand what are my rights, whether, after
having made this motion to proceed to the bbsi-
ness upon the Speaker's table, which the Chair
says is not of equal privilege with others already
pending, it will come up in order when the others
are disposed of?
The SPEAKER. The motion to goto the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table cannot be made
while the others are pending. The Chair will ex-
plain the precise condition of the business before
the House. The amendments to the civil and dip-
lomatic bill were reported from the Committee of
i the Whole on the state of the Union yesterday
j evening, and the previous question ordered upon
' them. The motion was then made thattheamend-
| ments be laid upon the table. That motion is first
in order. If it be decided in the negative, the con-
currence in the amendments, under the operation
of the previous question, will next be in order.
When that business is disposed of, there is pend-
ing a motion made by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Cobb ,] to suspend the rules, which
| lies over from yesterday. No motion to suspend
| the rules is, therefore, in order, until this business
i has been disposed of. Gentlemen upon the right
' and the left demand the regular order of business,
and the proposition is therefore in order.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I demand
j the yeas and nays upon the motion to jay the
| amendments to the civil and diplomatic bill upon
l the table.
| Mr. PHELPS. I understand that the gentle-
l man from Mississippi, who made the motion, will
: withdraw it.
I Mr. BARKSDALE. I will withdraw it.
! Mr. WHEELER. I renew the motion,
i Mr. DISNEY. I rise to a question of order.
I I understand the Chair has entertained a motion
to lay upon the table the civil and diplomatic
bill. The point I make is simply this: That it is
not competent for this House, having once passed
a bill, and, subsequently, amendments having
been made by a coordinate branch of the Govern-
'< ment to that hill, to lay that bill upon the table.
They have no power over the bill except to act
! upon the specific amendments made by the coor-
dinate body. There has never been, I undertake
j to say, in the whole history of parliamentary legis-
I lation, any other practice allowed,
i Mr. WHEELER. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
! Mr. DISNEY. Well, sir, I have risen to a
: point of order.
j The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
' gentleman's point of order.
Mr. DISNEY. I appeal from the decision of
I the Chair; and 1 desire to state the grounds upon
i which I take an appeal.
i The SPEAKER. The gentleman has already
stated the ground of his appeal; but, if he desires
j to repeat it, the Chair will be happy to hear his
; explanation, if it is the pleasure of the House that
] he should proceed.
j Mr. WHEELER. I object.
[ Mr. DISNEY. I desire to state the grounds
upon which I take an appeal from the decision of
[ the Chair; for I have not yet stated them. I.ap-
| peal from the decision of the Chair, because it is
| laid down by parliamentary writers upon these
| subjects, that when a bill has once passed a legis-
; lative body, passed to another coordinate body,
