1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1215
without reporting:, what is it proper to allow to
Mr. Rives for the reporting? He is now paid
$7 50 for reporting and printing the debates. If
you deduct $4 50, which is the price now pro-
posed to be allowed other papers tor merely pub-
lishing, you will leave him but three dollars for
reporting. Now, what is the cost of reporting?
Evidence has been furnished showing conclusively
that $4 74 a column is the actual positive cost of
every column of the proceedings of this body, as
reported in the Daily Globe. The cost of report-
ing alone, without allowing one particle of profit
to the proprietor, is $4 74. . Suppose you were to
allow him a profit of twenty-six cents a column,
it would bring up the item of reporting to five dol-
lars a column. Then, when you allow him $7 50
a column, and deduct from that five dollars for
reporting, what does it leave him for printing, for
materials, and for every other expense connected
with his establishment? You leave him but $2 50
a column to pay for the expenses of his establish-
ment—for labor, day and night, necessary for the
rapid execution of the work, which he has per-
formed to the extraordinary satisfaction of every
gentleman who fills a seat in this body, who
is satisfied that, when he makes remarks here,
there is no power on earth which can misrep-
resent him, or, at least, that he will be correctly
represented on the official record of our proceed-
ings. Then, on this basis, you allow Mr. Rives
only $2 50 for printing, and all the other necessary
expenses except reporting, while you prcpose to
pay $4 50 to the other papers for publishing by
daylight from piinted copy. Thus you give him
two dollars a column less for publishing than you
propose to give the other papers, supposing that
we allow him five dollars a column for reporting,
which is the actual cost, with an addition of twen-
ty-six cents for profit. Lest there should be a
disposition to quibble about little things, I will
state that $4 74 is not the amount paid to the re-
porter employed by Mr. Rives. Four dollars and
fifty cents is the amount paid him, and the addi-
tional sum of twenty-four cents is estimated as the
cost of the wages of the men who carry the copy
from the Capitol to the office, and for the horses
employed in that service. These items bring up
the reporting to $4 74 a column; and if we allow
the proprietor twenty-six cents profit, and should,
in addition to that, allow Jjim for printing the
same rate which il?is now proposed to allow to the
other papers, what would be the consequences?
Why, clearly, that he ought to receive $9 50 a
column for every column of the debates. The
proposition of the Senator from California to pay
him that amount is the one which ought to be
adopted, unless we agree to the proposition to take
five thousand extra copies, which I think is the
best one, and the one which should be accepted.
I wish now to call the attention of the Senate to
some further statements contained m this letter of
Mr. Rives, and then I shall have done. 1 intend
to say no more, after I get through with what I
propose now to submit to the Senate, unless some
other points are started. I believe that, from the
investigation which I have made, I am capable of
explaining all the points in regard to this question;
at least, I understand them myself thoroughly. I
have a number of copies of this statement of Mr.
Rives before me, and Senators who desire to ex-
amine it for their own satisfaction, can have an
opportunity of doing so.
Let me call the attention of Senators to what
Mr. Rives is willing to do. He says:
" I am willing to do it well at the lowest prices it has been
done for m this city ; but I cannot do it for the prices that
some printers say I can do it for."
He refers, of course, to printers like Messrs.
JVfoore and Towers, and others, if there be any
others, who have given such opinions as they
have. He says further:
" I will agree to report and print the debates of Congress
as low as either of the offices for which Mr. Moore has
been foreman, has done the public printing, even when the
■copy has been furnished to them without cost, (which is not
my case,) and no alterations made in it afterwards."
In order that the Senate may understand this
point thoroughly, I will explain it. Mr. Rives
means that he will report and print at as low a
price as public printing alone was ever done in
any office with which Mr. Moore was connected
informer days, when materials and wages were
less than they ax*e now. He will report and
print for Congress at the same rates that those
offices printed when they had no reporting to do,
and the copy from which to print the book or
manuscript was furnished to them without cost.
This, in point of fact, as reporting is about one
half the cost, is a proposition to print for half the
prices charged by the offices with which the gen-
tleman who gives this testimony has ever been
connected. Is not that a plain, easily understood
proposition? Does it look like extravagance?
Does it tend to show that we ought not to adopt
the proposition of the Senator from Michigan ?
Surely not; but the reverse. But Mr. Rives con-
tinues;
" I will report and print the debates for one third the
rate that Congress ha& ever paid for any other debates m
book form. 1 will repoit and print the debates for one half
the rate it pay* tor the lowest puced buoks it purchases
from individuals."
That shows at what rates he is now doing this
work. Does it look as if he were receiving large
profits? He next refers to works purchased of
Little & Brown, which I suppose maybe consid-
ered as a fair criterion, for theirs is one of the
largest and best conducted printing establishments
m the United States. Mr. Rives says in regard
to that:
" I suppose the books which Congress purchases from
Little & Hiown, of Boston, are bought at a lower rate than
any oilier*, as priming can ha ovecuted much cheaper in
Boston than it can be done here, f believe we pay at least
33 per cent, more iicre than they do there. I had the Stat-
utes at Laigo primed bv thcni' in my eye when I said above
that J would report and print the debates of Congress at
one half the rate Congress pays for books purchased from
individuals."
That is to say, he will report and print the de-
bates of Congress for one half the rate which
Congress pays to Liule & Brown for the publica-
tion in pamphlet form of the laws of the United
States. Does this look extravagant? The state-
ments contained in this letter aie capable of de-
monstration. They have been published for
weeks; the assertions contained m it are open for
examination, atW certainly those with whose cal-
culations it comes so completely in conflict would
have made some attempt to show that its state-
ments are incorrect, if such were the fact. But,
sir, I say clearly, that if the statements contained
in this letter be incorrect, and if Mr. Rives is ca-
pable of falsification to the extent to which he does
falsify in this letter, if what he states^be not true,
and if he is not a loser by his contracts with this
body, he is an unprincipled scoundrel, and ought
not to receive the patronage of the body, nor be
admitted on this floor, much less to hold a control
over the public records, which involve not only the
interests of the country, but the honor of every
Senator who is within the sound of my voice.
Mr. DAWSON. I desire to call the attention
of my friend from Arkansas to a document which
1 hold in my hand, and ( desire to hear some ex-
planation from him, merely for my own satisfac-
tion. 1 understand him t© say that the great diffi-
culty between Mr. Towers and Mr. Rives arises
out of the price of paper, and the proper amount
to be allowed for press-work per token.
Mr. JOHNSON. They are two of the principal
items of difference.
Mr. DAWSON. Now, 1 desire, on these two
points, to read to the Senate a statement which I
have in my hand, and then to hear the Senator
: from Arkansas m explanation. It will be recol-
j lected that in 1850, a committee was appointed by
the House of Representatives to investigate the
; claims of Mr. Ritchie; and the report of thatcom-
; mittee is to be found among the Miscellaneous
• Documents of the first session of the Thirty-First
I Congress. I wish to call the Senator's attention—
1 for I desire to vote understanding^ upon this
' subject—to the testimony of Mr. Rives himself,
: given before that committee, as to the cost of paper,
! in regard to which it is alleged that so gieat an
I error has been committed by Mr. Towers. At
j page thirty-five of House Miscellaneous Docu-
j ment, No. 55, for that year, we find the following
i testimony of Mr. Rives:
j " The Congressional Globe is piinted mostly on Fouder-
) nier paper, and always when we can get it. Witness
1 thinks there are several Foudermer machines in this coun-
| try. He buys of Bartow & Co.. of New York cny. Their
i papfr is manufactured at Norwich, Connecticut, by Fou-
| deinier machinery. Me pays ,$3 25 at the mills tor such
' paper as the Congressional Globe is now printed upon. It
i cost* about S * 33 delivered here. The paper weighs about
| thirty two pounds to the ream, of the size of twenty-four
, by thirty-eight."
| The paper of the Daily Globe, he says, is of the
same kind, but is heavier, and costs $4 03 pet
ream. Thus we find that, according to this state-
ment, the paper for the Congressional Globe and
Appendix was manufactured at Norwich, Con-
necticut, and that theproprietor paid $3 25 a ream
at the mills for such paper.
Then, in relation to the price for press-work,
Mr. Haliday, foreman in the Globe office, testi-
fied before that committee in this way:
" The common price for press-work in this city is fifty
cents per token of two Hundred and fifty sheets of sixteen
pages each ; although, if a man has the presses, he could
make money on a large job at twenty-five cents per token."
I wish to call the gentleman's attention to these
two statements, for the purpose of justifying my-
self in voting for the reference of this subject. I
am partly in favor of this resolution, but I wish
to have a full report made, stating the facts, so
that 1 can act understanding^ upon the subject.
Now the difference between twenty-five cents' and
$1 06 per token for press-work, and the difference
between §3 33 and $4 80 for paper, are two mate-
rial points; and in regard to them I desire to have
full information.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator tell me
what is the date of that testimony?
Mr. DAWSON. Eighteen hundred and fifty.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 presume, then, that the
Senator is aware, or he \ ill readily understand
upon the suggestion, that since that time there has
been a change in the price of almost every article
'properly entering into the calculation of the cost
of an establishment of this nature. An increase
of price has been going on, and is now going on,
in all these things, and yet the proprietor is only
receiving now the same rate of pay which he
received when prices were lower. It is notorious
over the whole countny, that the price of paper is
everywhere greater now than it was three or four
years ago, and it is now extravagantly high. The
operation of our Post Office laws is such that it is
almost hopeless to suppose that there will be any
reduction in the price of paper. Our postage laws
admit the passage of printed matter through the
mails at a very low rate; so that there has been
a great impetus given to every description of pub-
lications, and thus the consumption of paper at
this time is much more than it ever was at any
former period. The demand for paper has in-
creased so much, and is so dependent upon another
branch of trade, (which is a singular one, and one
which I had hardly ever thought of before I inves-
tigated this subject, though 1 had heard of it,)—
the rag trade—that now it is absolutely impossible
to get, in this country, a sufficient quantity of ma-
terial with which to make paper; and the material
is imported to this country from the Mediterranean
and the countries bordering upon it. The immense
amount of paper now consumed in the country is
mainly attributable to the action of the Post Office
laws; and there is hardly any room to hope that
the prices of paper can be reduced to anything like
what in former days would have been considered
a reasonable sum. I presume the Senater from
Alabama can easily ascertain at what rate Con-
gress is now furnished, by contract, with paper
for the public printing. He can ascertain that by
inquiry from the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing, and he can, no doubt, inform the Senate as
to that.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I have never inquired
of the Superintendent what price he is paying for
paper by contract.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not recollect what it is;
but I understand it is alleged that the present con-
tractor is losing, and must necessarily continue
to lose, at the present prices. I have heard that he
has stated himself that his loss cannot be less
than $20,000 this year on his contract, in conse-
quence of the sudden rise in the price of paper
since the contract was made for this Congress.
The increase in the price of paper is not a small
sum to a man who is losing every day, and, in
this point of view, paper becomes a very heavy
item. Three dollars and twenty-five cents would
have bought more paper in 1850 than $4 25, or
even five dollars, will buy now; and the same
increase of prices has been observable in almost
everything else in the country. This is the answer
to that part of the inquiry made by the Senator
from Georgia.
Mr. DAWSON. I thought that.perhaps the
Senator had a statement before him of the pries
paid for paper during the present year.
