1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2073
Whole reported a concurrence in the amend-
ment. The amendment wag concurred in.
One hundred and twenty-eighth amendment:
To enable the Secretary of State to reimburse to Edward
Riddle such sums as shall be satisfactorily shown to have
been expended by him, or which said Kiddle may have
obligated himself to pay, on account of his official position
at the Industrial Exhibition at London, England, or so
much thereof as shall be necessary, $26,001): Provided,
That no^portion of the payments made, pro rata, by con-
tributors at said exhibition, shall be regarded as within
this appropriation.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask a separate vote on the
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the
Whole reported a non-concurrence in the amend-
ment.
Mr. |JLLY. I demand the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on a concurrence in the
amendment; and it waa decided in the negative-—
yeas 87, nays 88; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abererombie, Appleton, Ball, Banks,
Belcher, Bennett, Benson, Benton, Bliss, Breckinridge,
Carpenter, Caruthers, Chandler, Clark, Clingman, Cook,
Corwin, Ciocker, Cullom, Thomas Davis, De Witt, Dick,
Dunbar, Eastman, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Everhart,
Farley, Florence, Goodrich, Aaron Harlan, Harrison,
Haven, Hill, Uowe, Hughes, Hunt, Kerr, Knox, Lindsley,
McCulloch, Macdonald, Mace, Matieson, Maurice, May-
all, John G. Miller, Morgan, Noble, Norton, Andrew
Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Peck, Peckham, Pen-
nington, Preston, Pnngle, Puryear, Ready, Reese, David
Ritchie, Robbins, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Simmons,
Gerrit Smith, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens,
Hestor L. Stevens, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart, John L.
Taylor, Thurston, Upham, Vansant, Walbridge, Walley,
Israel Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth, Tappan Went-
worth, Westbrook, Wheeler, and ZollicofFer—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
David J. Bailey, Barksdale, Barry, Boyce, Bridges,
Brooks, Caskie, Chastain, Chnsman, Churchwell, Cobb,
Colquitt, Cox, Craige, Curtis, John G. Davis, Dawson,
Dowdell, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmundson, Ellison, English,
Fenton, Puller, Gamble, Giddings, Goode Grey, Grow,
Sampson W.Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Henn, Houston,
Ingersoll, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones,
Roland Jones, Keitt, Kidwell, Kittredge, Kurtz, Lamb,
Latham, Letcher, Lilly, McDougall, McMullin, McNair,
McQueen, Macy, Maxwell, Smith Miller, Millson, Morri-
son, Murray, Nichols, Oids, Orr, Packer, John Perkins,
Phelps, Richardson, Rowe, Ruffin, Seward, Shannon,
Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Skelton, William Smith, Wil-
liam K. Smith, George W. Smyth, Sollers, Frederick P.
Stanton, Stratton, John J Taylor, Trout, Tweed, Vail,
Wade, Daniel B. Wright, and Hendrick B. Wright—88.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Pending the above vote,
Mr. INGERSOLL said: I am requested by Mr.
Cutting to state that he is absent from the city
by sickness and order of his physician.
One hundred and forty-fifth amendment:
For continuing the work for a supply of water to the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, $500,000: Provided,
That no part of the sum hereby appropriated &hall be ex-
pended until the corporations of Washington and George-
town, or either of them, ^hall appropriate and pay an
amount equal to one fourth'of said sum fer the same pur-
pose, and shall agree to pay in like manner the same pro-
portion of all future appropriations; and full power and
authority are hereby given to said corporations, respect-
ively, to raiee, by loan or otherwise, any sum of money
that mSy be necessary to enable thern, or either of them, to
make the appropriation herein required; and the said cor-
porations of Washington and Georgetown, and the inhab-
itants of the said cities respectively, or the corporation
making the appropriation, and the inhabitants of such city,
shall be authorized to use the surplus water which mat be
brought by the Washington aqueduct, after supplying the
Government establishments m Washington, under such
general rules and legulations as may hereafter be prescribed
by Congress; and each of said corporations shall have the
right to charge and collect of the inhabitants of such city
such reasonable tax or rent for the use of the water as will
provide for the regular payment of the interest, and the
gradual payment ot the principal, of any money which may
be raised under the authority hereby given.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask for a sepa-
rate vote on the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the
Whole reported a non-concurrence in the amend-
ment.
Mr. COOK. 1 demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 71, nays 110; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abcicrombie, Appleton, Ashe, Thomas
H. Bayly. Ball, Banks, Barry, Bell, Benson, Bliss, Breck-
inridge, Bugg, Chandler, Chastum, Clingman, Cook,
Crocker, Cullom, Curtis, Dawson, De Witt, Dunbar, Eddy,
Edmands, Edmundson, Thomas I). Ehot, Everhart, Far-
ley, Faulkner, Florence, Goode, Goodrich, Grey, Samp-
son W Hams, Harrison, Hill, Hunt, Roland Jones, Kerr,
Latham, Mace, May, Norton, Packer, Peckham, Penning-
ton, John Pcrkinw. Preaton, Reese, Riddle, David Ritchie,
Robbins, Rogers, Russell, Sabm, Shower, William Smith,
William R. Smith, Alexander H. Stephens, Hestor L.
Stevens, John L. Taylor, Tweed, Upham, Vansant, Wal-
bridge, Walker, Walley, John Wentworth,Tappan Went-
worth, Westbrook, and Zollicoffer—71.
STAYS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Alien, Willis Allen,
David J. Bailey, Barksdale, Belcher, Bennett, Boyce,
Bridges, Brooks, Carpenter, Caruthers, Caskie, Chrisman,
Churchwell, Clark, Cobb, Colquitt, Corwin, Cox, Thomas
Davis, Disney, Dowdell, Eastman, Edgerton, John M.
Elliott, English, Fenton, FJagier, Fuller, Gamble, Giddings,
Greenwood, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Wiley P. Harris, Haven,
Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Houston, Howe, Hughes, In-
gersoll, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Keitt,
Kittredge, Knox, Kurtz, Lamb, Letcher, Lilly, Lindsley,(
McCulloch, McMuihn, McNair, Mcdueen, Macy, Matte-
son, Maurice, John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Mor-
gan, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Noble, Olds, Andrew
Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Parker, Peck, Phelps, Phil-
lips, Powell, Pratt, Pnngle, Puryear, Ready, Richardson,
Rowe, Ruffin, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Shannon', Shaw, Sim-
mons, Singleton, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, George W. Smyth,
Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Strat-
ton, Andrew Stuart. John J". Taylor, Trout, Vail, Wade,
Israel Washburn, Wells, Wheeler, Daniel B. Wnght, and
Hendrick B. Wright—110.
So the amendment waa non-concurred in.
One hundred and forty-sixth amendment:
For completing the bridge over the Potomac river, near
the Little Falls, $75,000.
Mr SMITH, of Virginia. I aak for a sepa-
rate vote on that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The committee recommend
a non-concurrence in this amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Caskie and
Cox were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes forty-six; noes not counted.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and fifty-third amendment; on
which Mr. Florence demanded a separate vote.
For fuel for the President's house. $1,000,
The question was taken; and, on a division,
there were—ayes twenty-four; noes not counted.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and fifty-fourth amendment; on
which Mr. Stuart, of Ohio, demanded a separate
vote.
For a furuace-keeper at the President's house, $365.
The question was taken; and, on a division,
there were—ayes forty-three; noes not counted.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and fifty-ninth amendment:
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for a sep-
arate vote upon that amendment; and I call for
the yeas and nays upon Jt,
The Senate amendment was reported as fol-
lows:
#ec.—. Beit further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to cause to be constructed the following buildings :
At Ellsworth, Maine, for the accommodation of the cus-
tom house and post office, a building of brick with fire-
proof floors, constructed of jron beams and brick work,
iron roof, shutters, sills, &c., twenty-five feet by thirty, and
twenty five feet in height from the foundation, to cost not
more than $10,000.
At Belfast, Maine, for the accommodation of the custom-
house and post office, a building of like materials, forty-five
: ieet by thirty-two, and thirty-two feet high, and to cost not
! more than $20,000.
j At Gloucester, Massachusetts; Toledo, Ohio; Burling-
t ton, Vermont; and Sandusky,Ohio, for the accommoda-
1 tion of the custom-house and post office, a building of like
] materials, sixty feet by foity five feet, and thiity-two feet
from the foundation, and to cost not more than £40.000 for
j each building.
! AtMilwaukie, Wisconsin, for the accommodation of the
i cuwtom-house, post office, and the United States court?, a
j building of like materials, sixty feel by forty-five feet, forty-
j eight leet in height from the foundation, to cost not more
j than $30,000.
j At New Haven, Connecticut; Newark, New Jersey;
j Buffalo, New York ; Oswego, New York; Wheeling, Vir-
ginia; Chicago, Illinois; and Detroit, Michigan, each for
i the accommodation of the custom-house, poet office, Uni-
j ted States courts, and steamboat inspectors, a building of
i stone, of like floors, beams, roofs, shutters, &c., eighty-
| live feet by sixty fret, si.\tv feet in height from the fouhda-
, tion, to cost not more than §88,000 foi each building. Tlio
; building at Detroit to be erected upon a water lot belonging
I to the united States.
At Galveston, Texas, for the accommodation of the cus-
tom house, post office, and United States courts, a buildm?
I of brick, of like floors, beams, roofs, shutters. See., foity-
! five feet, by seventy feet, forty-eight feet high from the
; foundation, with a portico on two sides, and" to cost not
; more than $100,000.
At Petersburg, Virginia, for the accommodation of the
custom-house and post office, a building of stone,.of like
floors, beams, roof, thutters, &c., sixty-feet by forty-five
feet, thirty-two feet high from the foundation,"to cost not
more than $62,000,
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN. *1 believe the committee
concurred in that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair go stated.
Mr. McMULLIN. And the Committee of
Ways and Means recommended a non-concur-
rence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
about that.
The question was then taken, and it waa decided
in the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashe, Ball, Banks, Belcher, Bell, Ben-
nett, Benson, Benton, Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers,
Chandler, Clark, Cook, Corwin, Crocker, Cullom, Thomas
Davis, De Witt, Dick, Dianey, Dunbar, Eastman, Edgerton,
Edmands, 1 homas D, Eliot, Everhart, Farley, Fenton,
Flagler, Florence. Fuller, Giddings, Goode, Goodrich,
Green, Greenwood, Aaron Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Henn,
Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Ingersoll, Johnson, Kerr, Mid-
well, Latham, Lindsley, McCulloch, Macdonald, McDou-
gall, Mace, Macy, Matteson, Mayall, iohn G. Miller, Mor-
gan, Noble, Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Peckham.
Pennington, Preston, Pringie, Richardson, Riddle, David
Ritchie, Russell, Sabin, Sapp, Shannon, Simmons, Gerrit
Smith, Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton, Alexander H. Ste-
phens, Hestor L. Stevens, David Stuart, John L. Taylor,
Thurston, Tweed, Uphain, Wade, Walbridge, Walker,
Walley, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells,
John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, and
Wheeler—97.
NAYS—Messig. Abererombie, Aiken, James C. Alien,
David J. Bailey, Thomas HI Bayly, Barksdale, Barry,
Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Brooks, Bu^g, Caskie, Cbas
tain, Chrisman, Churchwell, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Craige,
Curtis, John G. Davis, Dowdeli, Dunham, Edmundson,
John M. Elliott, Faulkner, Gamble, Grey, Grow, Andrew
J. Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Hendricks, Hibbard, Hons-
ton, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Roland Jon«S,
Keitt, Kittredge, Lamb, Letcher, Lilly, McMullin, McNair,
McQueen, Maurice, May, Smith Miller, Millson, Morrison,
Murray, Nichols, Olds, Orr, Packer, Peck, John Perkins,
Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Puryear, Ready, Reese, Rob-
bins, Rowe, Ruffin, Seward, Shaw, Shower, Singleton,
Skelton, William Smith, William R. Smith, George W.
Smyth, Richard H. Stanton, Stratton, Andrew Stuart, John
J.Taylor, Trout, Vail, Vansant, Daniel B.Wright, and
Hendrick B. Wright—86.
So the Senate amendment was concurred in.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was agreed
; to, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
i table.
! Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 call for the yeas and
i nays upon the last motion.
| The yeas and nays were not ordered.
, The motion to lay the motion to reconsider
• upon the table was then agreed to.
! One hundred and sixtieth amendment:
1 Mr. ABERCROMB1E. I ask for a separate
vote upon that amendment.
! The amendment was reported, as follows:
' Insert after the amendment wluch has just been adopted
! the following :
' Sec. —. Jind he it further cnactcd. That the several
sums mentioned in the preceding section of this act, as the
1 cost of the buildings therein authorized to be constructed,
together with ten per cent, thereon, to cover the compen-
sation of architects, superintendents, advertising, and other
contingent expenses, and so much as may be required to
1 purchase suitable sites /or said buildings, be, and the same
are hereby, appropriated for the purposes aforesaid, out of
j any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated:
; Provided j" That no money hereby appropriated shall b#
, used or applied for the purposes mentioned, until a valid
title to tne Sand for the site of such building, in each case,
. shall be vested in the United States, and until the State
shall also duly release and relinquish to the United States
the right to tax, or in any way as&ess said site, or the prop-
erty of the United States that may be thereon, during the
time that the said United States shall be or remain the
owner theieof.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon agreeing to that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; snd it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 78; as fol-
1 lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashe, Ball, Banks, Belcher, Bell, Ben-
son, Carpenter, Chamberlain, Chandler, Clark, Cook, Oor-
. win, Crocker, Thomas Davis, De Witt, Dick, Disney, Dun-
! bar. Eastman, Edgerton, Edmands, Thomas £>. Ehot, Ever-
! hart, Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Florence, Fuller, Giddings,
Goode, Goodrich, Greenwood, Aaron Harlan, Harrison,
. Haven, Henn, Hill, Howe, Hughes. Hunt, Ingersoll, John-
' son, Kidwell, Laiham, Lindsley, McCulloch, Macdonald,
1 McDougall. Mace, Macy, Matteson, Maxwell, Mayall,
John G Miller, Morgan, Noble, Norton, Parker, Penning-
ton, Preston, Pnngle, Riddle, David Ritchie, Rogers, Rus-
sell, Sabm, Sapp, Shannon, Simmons, Germ Smith, Alex-
ander H- Stephens, H^stoi L. Stevens, David Stuart, John
L. Taylor, Thurston, Upham, Wade, Walbridge, Walker,
Walley, E.'hhu B. Washburne, Isiael Washburn, Wells,
John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, and
. Zolhcoffer—-87.
NAYS—Messrs. Abererombie, Aiken. James C. Allen,
i David J. Bailey, Barksdale, Boyce, Bridges, Bugg,Caskie,
' Cha&tam, Churchwell, Clingman, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox,
1 Craige, Cullom, John 6. Davis, Dawson, Dowdell, Dun-
' ham, Edmundson, John M. Elhott, English, Faulkner,
