1216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18.
Mr. JOHNSON. It has been varying during
this year.
Mr. DAWSON. B wanted to knowf for my
own satisfaction, and for the purpose of voting
understanding y.
Mr. JOHNSON. Since the present Congress
Wet, the proprietor of the Globe establishment
•has had to pay five dollars a ream for the paper
on which he prints the debates, and he has some-
times paid as , much as $6 50 a ream for it. Not-
withstanding this, four dollars a ream is all Mr.
William Towers ailowsin his estimates forpaper.
If this gentleman knows (for he may not) anything
about the matter, he is bound to know that no
paper like that on which the Globe is printed can
be had to-day for four dollars a ream.
I come now, sir, to the difficulty suggested by
my fnend from Georgia, as to the price paid per
token for press-work.' I imagine that, on exam-
ination, it will be found that when Mr. Haliday,
in his testimony, speaks of press-work at fifty
cents a token, he refers to its actual cost. It is
being done at the actual cost of fifty cents for Mr.
Rives by the brothers of this Mr. William Tow-
ers. Mr. Rives now pays fifty cents to Messrs.
L. & J. T. Towers, printers in this city, for doing
some of his press-work; and yet, William Towers
estimates it at thirty cents a token! There is noth-
ing improper, that I^see, in the testimony which
the Senator from Georgia has cited, and nothing
at all inconsistent with Mr. Rives's calculations
now. Mr. Towers's calculation for press-work is
thirty cents a token, but Mr. Haliday, in the tes-
timony which has been alluded to, said that fifty
cents was the cost of it at that day. Yet now,
when printers'wages have risen twenty per centum,
and when the price of materials and labor of every
description has increased,twe find that Mr. Tow-
ers estimates that press-work can be done for less
than Mr. Haliday estimated in 1850 !
But, sir, there is another view which ought to be
conclusive and satisfactory on this point, and it is
that this work is done at very low rates in com-
parison with the prices paid for similar work else-
where. Notwithstanding the rate of fifty cents a
token for press-work is alluded to in the testi-
mony which has been quoted as a proper price,
Congress, when they came to settle, in a spirit
of justice, with Mr. Ritchie, who was the public
printer at the timewhen that testimony was given,
finally allowed him over a dollar a token for press-
work.
I am informed, further, that the contract price
for the paper now used for the printing of Con-
gress is $6 IX a ream. I am unable to state what
kind of paper it is, but a statement is furnished to
me that $6 11 is the price paid.
Mr. W ELLER. I should like to be informed
by the Senator, what is the manner in which the
contract was made for paper at $6 11 a ream, for
I understand that just as good r quality of paper
is purchased by some of the newspaper establish-
ments in this city at $3 75 a ream.
Mr. WA LKER. They do not use as good paper.
Mr, DAWSON, f wished to justify myself by
getting the proper information, but 1 thought it
best to get it from the committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. Now, Mr. President, in
conclusion 1 wish to say that, although 1 have
been talking for some time in regard to this sub-
ject, i have t>ot crone fully into the merits of the
case. I took pains some months since to investi-
gate the matter fully,and to examineMr. Rives'a
statements, item by item. I made some notes of
the results at which f arrived. ( have not quoted
those notes during these remarks, and I do not
mean to detain the Senate by reading them. I will
merely say that I believe before God and man that
what 1 have stated m regard to this matter is true,
and J believe we are not paying the proprietor of
the Globe what he ought to bo paid, and that un-
. less we take five thousand additional copieB of the
Congressional Globe and Appendix, he cannot
keep up his press and cannot go on beyond the
present session of Congress. The proposition
suggested by the Senator from California [Mr.
Weixer] would, no doubt, afford him relief; but
I think that the proposition to take five thousand
additional copies is much the better form in which
to give additional compensation; but unless it is
given in one form or another, I fear that Mr.
Rives will not be able to continue much longer.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. President, 1 do not
rise for the purpose of protracting this discussion;
bull deem it proper to say a few words in answer
to the able and eloquent argument of the Senator
from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson.] 1 will not under-
take to review'the various estimates which he has
submitted to the Senate; but there are some faets,
connected with other persons who have befn
drawn into this controversy, which impel me to
make a few remarks in answer to what the Sen-
ator has said. Before doing that, however, I wish
to say a word in answer to what was said by the
Senator from Indiana; and I desire that he and
the Senate shall understand me on this question.
When the motion was made yesterday to refer
this subject to the Committeeon Printing, the Sen-
ator from Indiana intimated that the Committee
on Printing, as now constituted, were prejudiced
against his proposition, and consequently, that
nothing was to be hoped for at their hands. Per-
haps theSenate may not be aware that 1 am now the
only member of the Committee on Printing who
was a member of the committee when this case
underwent their scrutiny. As I remarked yester-
day, the two gentlemen who were my colleagues
on the committee when that question was before
us have resigned their positions as members of
the committee; and besides that, they are now
absent from the Senate, and, consequently, all
matters pei taming to anything connected with the
action of the committee before the retirement of
those two gentlemen necessarily devolved upon
me. I am inclined to think that that Senator
comes to a wrong conclusion, when he intimates
to the Senate that the Committee on Printing, as
at present constituted, is committed against his
resolution. It is not necessary for me to say to
the Senate that the honorable Senator from Ar-
kansas, who is a member of that committee, and
myself, diifer radically on this question, and that
the other gentleman composing that committee
[Mr. Fessenden] has not been in his seat since
the Senator from Arkansas and himself were
added to the committee. H<w, then, can the
Senator from Indiana intimate that the comrtiittee
are prejudiced against his proposition, when the
Senator from Arkansas and myself disagree on
that question, and when we shall have to bring to
our aid, as we necessarily will do when he returns,
the efficient services of the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Fessenden,] who is now a member of the
committee?
1 deem it proper to moke these statements to
satisfy theSenate that there is no committal on the
question, so far as the majority of the committee
are concerned. The Senator from Arkansas and
myself both belong to the same political party,
but he and 1 cannot see alike on this question.
Hence, when the third member of the committee
arrives and takes his seat in the committee room,
he will sit as tin impartial and independent mem-
ber, prepared to do justice according to the dic-
tates of his own judgment. Thosegentlemen who
were members of the committee at the time when
they were sitting in judgment on this question,
have all resigned, save myself, and consequently
we have now two new members on the committee,
one of whom has heard nothing of this debate, and
will embark on the duties assignedj jmas a mem-
ber of the committee, 1 am perfectly sure, with-
out any prejudice or prepossessions lor or against
any paper in this matter. Hence, I cannot con-
ceive what necessity there was for throwing out
the intimation that, by referring the question to
that committee, you are sending it to those who
have prejudged it, and who are not inclined to
give an impartial examination to the facts which
may be submitted.
Although I am a member of the Committee
on Printing, and have been on it longer than the
Senator from Arkansas has been, I am frank to
say that he seems to have bestowed more labor
and more investigation on this question than I
have. I have not had time to do more than I
have consistent with other public duties. My
object has been to get such information in regard
to it as would enable the Senate to act understand-
ing^. The Committee on Printing sought that
information, when they obtained from a practical
printer the estimates which I had the honor to
submit to the Senate yesterday. It is perhaps
due to the Senate, due to frankness, and due to
the position which the question now occupies be-
fore the Senate, that I should disclose the history
of the transaction connected with the manner in
which we obtained those statements. When we
required the statements at the hands of Mr. Tow-
ers, as clerk to the Superintendent of Public
Printing, they were furnished to us. I did not
conceal from the honorable Senator from Arkan-
sas the fact that we had received such information;
but, at his solicitation, 1 furnished him with these
statements. He had submitted his resolution;
and the evidence laid before the committee by the
gentleman to whom we intrusted the examination
of the question, differed widely, if his statements
were true, from the views of the gentleman who
had submitted the resolution. Hence i deemed
it but fair, and such- was the sense of the com-
mittee, to apprise him of the fact, that if we were
to take the large number of books contemplated
by his resolution, the effect would be, as we were,
informed, to increase the compensation of the pub-
lisher of the Globe to a larger amount than was
necessary, and a larger amount than would afford
him a fair and a remunerative price. After 1 had
furnished the gentleman with these statements,
the next I heard of them was a review of the
whole of them in the Globe, from which the gen-
tleman has read copious extracts this morning.
The editor of the Globe took these estimates, and
they underwent a very searching review from his
pen, and that review was laid before the Senate.
Upon it the Senator from Arkansas has predicated
a large portion of his argument this morning. He
has seen proper to scrutinize with some severity
the estimates submitted to the committee by Mr.
Towers. Why, sir, that gentleman was not a
volunteer in offering his testimony to the com-
mittee. It was his duty to submit those estimates
to the Committee on Printing when required by
them, and he performed it.
Mr. JOHNSON. If that is so, I wish to ask
the Senator, why did not the committee require
Mr. Towers, when he was invited to make these
estimates, to go and investigate inside the Globe
office? Should not his investigation have been
made directly into the matter itself? But Mr.
Towers says expressly, in his report or statement,
that he has not had the means of making that in-
vestigation.
Mr. FITZP ATRICK. That is the very point
which 1 was coming to. When the statements
of Mr. Rives met the eyes of the committee, we
required at Mr. Towers's hands'that he should
answer them, and satisfy the committee that his
calculations were based on correct data. As he
differed widely from the publisher of the Globe
in the statement submitted by him, we deemed it
due to the Globe, due to truth, and due to a cor-,
rect understanding of the question, that-he should
review the criticism of the Globe upon his esti-
mates, and furnish the committee with that review.
I have his answer here; and I desire to have it
read to the Senate, because I presume it is their
object to seek information. The committee were
satisfied that gentlemen who were intimate with
the printing business were better prepared to shed
light upon the question than other persons, and
therefore it was that we called in the aid of Mr.
Towers; and for that reason I now ask for the
reading of Mr. Towers's reply.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Washington, March %0,1854.
Gentlemen: A printed statement has been placed in
my hands, a copy of which, C am informed, has been ior-
warded to members of the Senate. It is without addreesor
signature, but its ostensible object is to disprove thn general
correctness and fairnessof certain calculations which I sub-
mitted to you at your request, it emanated from the Giobo
ollice.
Jt will be remembered tfmf the proprietorof the Gloho
newspaper, printed in this city, addressed several letters to
a member ot the Senate, in which he stated that he was
losing money upon his contract with the Senate for pub-
lishing its proceedings in the Daily Globe, and suggested an
additional subscription on the pait of the Senate tq. the
Congressional Globe, in order that he might thereby bo
^ayed further ioss. These letters (with several affidavits
going to show the expenses of the -printing establishment of
the Globe, hut not the cost of publishing the proceeding* of
Congress in /hat jtaper) were placed in my hands by you,
with the request that 1 would ascertain as i<earlv as practi-
cable, first, the amount of Mr. Rives's loss on Ins contract;
and, secondly, what the net cost would be to him of four
thousand nine hundred and twenty copies of the Congres-
sional Globe,'in addition to those already subscribed for by
the Senate, leaving the question of profit for the considera-
tion of the committee.
The prosecution of the first of these inquiries X knew
would, besides requiring more time and labor than I have
at my command, provoke a controversy with Mr. Hives
most repugnant to my inclinations, more particularly as it
was a subject in which I had no interest, and felt none. I
therefore stated my objections to entering upon this inves-
tigation, and asked to be excused from it, to which you
cordially and kindly assented.
