1218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
stance which 1 have given is but a fair illustration
of the errors and blunders which they have com-
mitted throughout.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The difference between
Messrs. Moore and Towers on the one side, and
the Globe on the other, or at le^st one difference
is, that in their calculations they only allow about
half as much per token for press-work as the
Globe claims. The great difference, in my recol-
lection, is, perhaps, about half a cent; and that,
perhaps, applied to a token. Of this, however, I
am not certain.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President,
so long as this discussion was confined to our
friends on the other side of the Chamber, as a
family affair, I never intended to interfere with it;
but as it has assumed a different phase, and as 1
may now possibly have some interest in it, 1 de-
sire to suggest to the Senate some of the difficul-
ties which iie in my way. So far as I am per-
sonally concerned, I would not give a copper for
the newspaper press of this city. I feel no con-
cern for the Union, the intelligencer, the Sentinel,
or the Era; but I do feel some concern about the
reports of the Senate; I feel some concern about
the Globe. It is not a political paper; but it is a
record of the proceedings of the Senate of the
United States; and to that extent 1 have an in-
terest in it. It seems to me, however, that it is
very difficult for any Senator here to form a satis-
factory or correct judgment upon this subject,
with the information which we have now before
us. Here are two members of the Committee on
Printing who -enjoy the confidence of the Senate
to the fullest extent, not only for their capacity
but for their integrity and honesty: apd yet they
differ toto c&lo upon this question. I have every
confidence in the judgment and integrity of the
Senator from Alabama; and I have every confi-
dence in the honesty and integrity of the Senator
from Arkansas; but they differ upon this ques-
tion. Then where shall I go? Upon whose
judgment shall I rely? These Senators concur in
scarcely a single fact connected with this matter.
They are the only two members of the Committee
on Printing now present. There is a third mem-
ber, as I understand, who as vet has never been
acting with the committee. But we are called
upon now to decide between these two gentle-
men.
Why establish and organize committees here:
It is for the purpose of investigating such ques-
tions as it is impossible for the Senate, in its
aggregate capacity, to examine. The committees
report facts to us, and we act upon their sugges-
tions. The membersofthe Committee on Printing,
who are present, are equally divided upon the sub-
ject, and we are calied upon to decide this question
between them. I confes-s I am not prepai ed to do
it. I want to do exactly what is right; and I pre
eume every Senator has a desire to do what is
right; but how are we to ascertain what is right?
The Senator from Alabama assures us that if we
take the suggestion of the Senator from Arkansas
we shall do wrong; and the Senator from Arkan-
sas is equally certain that if we follow the lead of
the Senator from Alabama we shall do wrong.
Where then are we to go, and what are we to do?
But, sir, what public necessity is there for such
urgent haste? Why should we be required to
vote on this matter to-day, or to-morrow, or next
week? When it is proposed to vote away, per-
haps, $100,000 of the public money, is it not better
to wait, and take time and let the full committee
get together, and let them agree, or let a majority
of them agree upon this question ?
There is but one point in this matter about
which I feel any interest, and that is in sustaining
the reporter of the Senate. If he is receiving a
fair and adequate compensation, I am forgiving
him no more; and if he is not, I am for giving
such compensation as will be fair, and equitable,
and just. That far I am willing to go. But when
a proposition is made to publish our proceedings
in the newspaper press of this city, at an expense
of $48}0CQ a Congress, I am not prepared to vote
fo*" it. .1 do not care a straw whether they are
published in the Union, the Intelligencer, or the
Sentinel. If they do not choose to publish them
for the benefit of their readers, let them go unpub-
lished; but let us publish them here, in the organ
which we have selected, which is not a party
paper, but which belongs to the Government, so
far as its reports go.
Now, sir, this resolution proposes to pay three
papers in this city for copying our proceedings
from the Globe. 1 do not see upon what principle
it is to be done. I do not think I can bring myself
to vote for it. If it is to be done, I do not see upon
what principle of equity or justice the Senate can
refuse to incorporate the National Era into this
proposition,and I am not prepared to go for that.
The same principle that would lead you to publish
in these other papers would justify the publication
in the National Era. You might as well go fur-
ther, and propose to publish the proceedings Jn
some leading paper of every State oftheUnion, as
in either of the papers proposed by this resolu-
tion.
Mr. PETTIT. And better.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes, sir, in my
judgment, far better. Then we are to appropriate
$43,000 a Congress, according to the estimate of j
the Senator from Michigan, which I presume is cor- j
rect, to the local newspaper press of the city of'
Washington, to publish in their papers the pro-
ceedings of the Senate .of the United States, and the
whole amount of the daily circulation of all these
papers is only four thousand one hundred. We
are then to pay $48,000 to get the proceedings of
the Senate published to, and circulated among,
four thousand one hundred people. In my judg-
ment, it would be infinitely better for U3 to estab- i
lish a press of our own, and send out one hundred I
thousand copies a day, if we wish to do so; and !
I apprehend that we could do it for this amount j
of money. But if this is to 'be done merely lor i
the purpose of disseminating intelligence through- I
out the country, which is a very laudable, proper, I
and patriotic object, I think we had better stop '
and inquire whether there is not some better way j
of doing it, and some way that will be more equal |
and just to the whole country. i
1 hold in my hand a resolution which I under- |
stand was reported from the Committee on Print- |
ing, as to the amount of increased pay that should |
be given to the Globe. If you will satisfy me j
that it is necessary to take five thousand copies j
from its proprietor, I am willtng to vote for it. If |
it is necessary to take ten thousand copies, I will (
vote for that; but if a lesser sum wdl answer the j
purpose, and give him a fair remuneration, I am \
for that lesser sum. Here is a resolution, reported, j
as I understand, by a majority of the committee, ;
in which they propose to take one half the num- j
ber of copies of the Congressional Globe and Ap- j
pendix proposed to be taken by the resolution ;
now before us. The question arises, are we to
take the report of this committee or not? If we
are not to take their report, for what purpose did
we organize them? If, however, they were mis-
taken, what does wisdom suggest? Surely to refer
the subject back to them, allow them to reinvesti-
gate it, and bring before us such additional facts
as wilr satisfy us that we ought to make the appro-
priation for five thousand copies instead of half
that number. I repeat that, if it can be shown to
me, by any satisfactory evidence, what amount is
necessary to sustain this paper, I will vote for that
amount; taut I am not willing to vote for more
than is fair and reasonable. It is in this view,
seeing that the gentlemen from Arkansas and Ala
bama cannot agree on the subject, that 1 submit
to them, and to every Senator here, whether it is
not safer and better that we refer the matter back
to the committee, and let them reexamine and re-
investigate it, and come here with all the facts,
and present them to us, so that we may be enabled
to vote intelligently. That is all that I wish to
do.
Mr. WELLER. There have heen some facts
discussed here this morning which have attracted
my attention, and I wish to obtain some informa-
tion in regaid to them from the Senator from
Arkansas, who is a member of the Committee on
Printing. In the first place, I have ascertained
from some papers which have been read from the
Secretary's table, that printing paper may be
purchased here at $3 33 a ream. I also under-
stand that the Superintendent of Public Printing
has purchased paper which he furnishes to the
printer of this body at $6 11 a ream. Now, I
desire to know how that contract was made—
Whether the Superintendent of Public, Printing
invites competition, or whether he has his favorites
to whom he gives these contracts? If it. be a
species of favoritism, I desire that it shall be ex-
posed, and discontinued as speedily as possible.
I desire to have it explained to me why it is that
such paper as that upon which our newspapers
are printed costs but $3 33 a ream, whilst the
paper which is furnished to the Senate printer
costs $6 11 a ream ? Can my friend from Arkan-
sas give me this information?
Mr. JOHNSON. • I have been a member of the
Committee on Printing for only a short time, and.
I am unable to furnish the information which the
Senator from California desires. The fact which
he has mentioned, however, goes to show, that in
the case of a man who is doing his work properly
and fairly, and in a manner to satisfy the Senate,
he is endeavored to be cut down to the lowest
prices; while in another branch of the service you
are giving perhaps extravagant prices. If the
prices so paid are extravagant, surely they ought
to excite some purt^of the indignation which is
exhibited against a proposition to pay the pro-
prietor of the Globe a reasonable compensation.
It would seem, however, as if one was to go to
the dogs, while the other branch was to be fostered
and fed at the expense of the Government.
1 have before me a sample of the paper which
is used in our public priming. It is such as is
in this book, (exhibiting one of the public docu-
ments.) It is rather ordinary paper. It is pretty
good common paper, and for it we pay 1] per
ream. 1 understand the Superintendent of Public
Printing advertised for two months before making
the contract. He advertised in October and No-
vember, and the contract was given out at the
commencement of December. The lowest bid
was accepted. I am not informed what number
of bids were put in. But I seethat the chief clerk
of the Superintendent of Public Printing [Mr.
Towers] is now m the Chamber; and if my col-
league on the committee—the Senator from Ala-
bama—will inquire of him, he will, no doubt, be
able to ascertain how many bids were put in, and
what were the cii cumstances attending them. I
know nothing about that. Six dollars and eleven
cents a re'am is what we pay for the lowest priced
paper which we get for our public printing; and
yet gentlemen talk about $3 25 a ream as being a
proper price ! The Senator from Georgia referred
to the testimony given by Mr. Rives in 1850 as to
the price of paper. 1 do not think it is a sound
argument to suppose that, because Mr. Rives tes-
tified that paper was woith a certain sum in 1850,
it is therefore worth exactly the same now. We
know that it is not a correct assumption, and we
also know that the rise of price in everything, and
particularly in paper, has been very great since
1850; for it has been since that time that the post-
age has been reduced; by which reduction a great
impetus was given to the circulation of all news-
papers and periodicals, which of course created
an increased demand for paper. I have calied
upon Mr. Rives to ask in regard to the prices
which he paid then, and the circumstances attend-
ing them. In regard to that matter he states:
" I advanced $89,700 to the mill at Norwich, Connecti-
cut; tin-* is iln* reason why I got paper so low. The null
has failed, owing me every cunt ot that money."
Mr. Rives states that he advanced §89,700 to
this mill in order to get his paper for a lower
price; but that the mill has failed, and still owes
him the money. That is among the class of his
misfortunes, and, I piesume, the heaviest one. I
have some other statements.
I suppose the facts irt this case will come out.
I'suppose that men will not authorize to be said
on this floor, as coming from them, what is false;
for what we say heie will goto the public, and
win be investigated, and falsehood will be pinned,
wherever it may originate. Mr. Rives hasauthor-
ized me to say that the journeymen's prices per
token f r printing a paper the size of the Globe is
seventy-one cents a token when printed by men,
and sixty-one cents a token when printed by a
man and a boy, and the paper and all the mate-
rials are furnished by the publisher.
I have a few words further to say in regard to
the price of paper, which has been referred to. I
have before me a number of Mr. Rives's bills for
paper during theptesent session. They show for
themselves, and the evidence which they bear on
their face cannot be contradicted. They are from
a responsible firm, and I will exhibit some of them
in full, so that it may be seen that there is no
mistake about the matter. Here is one of these
bills:
