1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
about. Congress institutes a fund, and they say
that no power which holds the fund- in subser-
viency to its own power shall have an opportunity
of diverting it.
A single word in reply to the suggestion as to
the distribution of the proceeds of the public lands,
and 1 have done. I never understood that to be
denied from a want of constitutional power, but
from its being one of the most impolitic things that
could be done. You have myriads of officers, and
in every man's hand some of this money is to
stand to pay him for his services. You collect a
fund and you distribute it, and the whole cost of
collecting and distributing it is deducted from the
concern. 11 had the effect to keep up the price of
the public lands, which was against the interest of
the new States. Undoubtedly the true interest of
the new States is a disposition of those lands upon
some terms. I was ever in favor of the gradua-
tion principle, and I am in favor of that principle
to-day. But 1 have seen it again and again put
down in committee and in Congress. I am, there-
fore, for the earliest disposition of these lands that
can be made, without any infringement upon the
Constitution, that shall induce their settlement and
occupancy by people who constitute the strength,
as they will the permanency, of this Government.
These are briefly some of the reasons why I sup-
port this bill.
Mr. BADGER. 1 desire to say a few words
in reply to the Senator from Virginia. If I believed,
with the Senator from that State, who first ad-
dressed the Senate, [Mr. Mason,] that this bill
was the first step in interfering with the municipal
administration of the States, 1 should certainly be
as strongly opposed to it as he is. But permit me
to say to him, that there is nothing coercive or
compulsory upon the States in the bill. It does
not undertake to control any one of the States of
the Union, and require that that State shall receive
the lands which the bill tenders to it. It is an offer
to each of the States of so much public lands to be
applied to certain purposes, without any intent to
control the States in the acceptance of the fund.
It seems to me that the honorable Senator might as
well say that he would have cause to complain, if
some man of vast possessions in the country tend-
ered to him $100,000, to be invested in stocks as
an income to be applied to the portioning of his
daughter, that it was an attempt on the part of that
man to invade the domestic management of his
family.
Mr. MASON. Does not the honorable Senator
think I would havesome causetocomplain, if the
person who held the $100,000 in trust applied it
to some purpose, other than the trust for which it
was committed to him?
Mr. BADGER If the Senator had waited pa-
tiently, I intended to say a word on that subject
in a moment. Iam taking the Senator's objection
as he urged it. I am taking it upon the ground
that it would be an invasion of his domestic ar-
rangements, of the police management of his con- .
cerns. I say, in answer to the question he put to :
me, that it would involve no such an invasion of i
the regulation of his family whether the party held
it as a trust for other purposes or not. if he held !
it as a trust for other purposes, it would be a vio- ;
lation of duty to apply it to any other than the |
purpose specified in the trust; but it would involve !
no attempt to control the conduct, or invade the j
privileges, or rule the family, or direct theadmin- i
istration of the concerns of the individual to whom ,,
heofferedit, if he was at perfectliberty to refuse it. !
My honorable friend from Virginia, who spoke !
last, [Mr. Hunter,] undertook to make con- I
sistent, with the proposition he lays down, as to j
the power of giving those lands for purposes of j
charity, the uniform and established course of the ,
Government to give them to new States for pur- .
poses of education, by this reason, that the new !
States are prohibited from taxing the property '
of the Government of the United States, the lands
belonging to the Government, situated wiihin i
their bounds. Suppose they do; if the Govern- j
ment has not a constitutional power to apply the !
land to purposes of education or charity, can that ;
power be conferred or acquired, because she pro- j
hibits the State from taxing her lands ? !
Mr. HUNTER. Wtll the Senator allow me a |
single word to explain my views in regard to that j
matter? My idea is, that the United States con-j
tributes the school sections as a land-owner. The i
Government stands in two relations to the new !
States. One is, as the General Government, un-
der which it has no such power, the other is as a
land-holder, in which it is morally bound to con-
tribute its quota and proportion to the general in-
terests of the State.
Mr, BADGER. Suppose it be so. If -she so
contribute them as a land-owner, what right has
she to tie them up to the purpose of education?
If she owes them to a State as a consideration for
her proprietary interest, which is untaxed, how
does she gain the right to apply them to a college,
to a common school, or to anything: else? Upon
that principle she stands in the attitude of a debtor,
and should pay the money to the creditor, to be
applied as the creditor thinks proper. Where
does she get the constitutional power in the one
case more than the other? I admit the honorable
Senator assigns very good reasons why the power
should be exercised, if she possesses it; but, un-
doubtedly, the fact which he states confers no
power that does not exist independent of it.
Now, Mr. President, another word. It is said
that these are donations of public lands, and that
we cannot make a donation of them. How do
the gentlemen reconcile that proposition with the
donations which we every day make to the new
States? We make them for the purpose of ena-
bling them to constructcanals and railroads, and to
prosecute other purposes of internal improvement.
Sir, I have heard it said twenty times in the Sen-
ate that these were not donations; that the United
States, by giving the alternate sections, doubled
the value of the sections which remained to the
United States. I admit that; I admit that isa good
i eason for making the donations; but does it alter
the character of the transaction? Is it not a do-
nation, if a man, having two adjoining lots, makes
a present of one of them to me, from the calcula-
tion that my improving it will make the remaining
one twice as valuable to him? That may be the
fact which influences him as a prudent man in
making it; but 1 put it to you, am I not still the
donee of the lot which he gives me? I pay nothing
for it. I take it, and use it for my own purposes.
Whatever the lot is worth, it is a free gift to me.
The motive which induces the proprietor of both
to give one is a very sensible motive, that, by
making the present of one, the donee will apply it
for his own purpose in such a way as to increase
the value of the residuary lot; but it is a donation.
Whatever I receive from another man. to apply to
my own purposes, and for which I pay him noth-
ing in money or in money's worth, is a donation,
else it is impossible for me to understand what a
donation is. So that if the reason upon which
this bill is objected to is sustained, we must re-
verse our course with regard to all grants. We
must maintain that sve have no power to give lands
to the new States for railroad pui poses; that we
have no right to give the alternate sections for the
purpose of promoting the improvement of the
States in which they lie; and, so far as I see, we
must surrender the power to make donations to
actual settlers; we must inexorably, and in every
instance, require money to be paid when we dis-
pose of the lands.
I agree with the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Stuart.] I consider that the appeal
that this measure makes to the heart of every
Senator is entitled to every worthy and high con-
sideration. It is the motive to me to vote for the
bill. It gives no power in itself. The motive to
give the alternate sections confers no constitutional
power to grant lands for railroads; nor does the
motive to give preemption rights to actual settlers
confer any constitutional power; nor does the
motive to give lands for the purposes of education
confer any constitutional power.
But the constitutional power exists; and the
several motives of a measure constitute the reason
for exercising it. It is strange, when we have
heard, time and again here, that these lands are
held by the General Government as the trustee
for the States; when we have been told so often,
in very glowing terms, that they have been pro-
cured by shedding the common blood, or they
have been purchased by applying the common
treasure; that we are then also told that it is
utterly unconstitutional m the trustee to use a
portion of the lands which he holds for the benefit
of those for whom he holds them.
I really think that the honorable Senator from
Virginia must review the ground upon which he
makes opposition to the bill. It may be wrong;
but I feel a strong conviction upon my mind, that
if it be wrong, he has not assigned the proper rea-
son for it.
Mr. BROWN. I desire, before the vote is taken
upon the question, to say a few words; to occupy
five or ten minutes of the time of the Senate. Not
having an opportunity to do so now without ob-
structing the regular order of business, I move
the postponement of the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. GWIN. i should like to move as an amend-
ment, that the bill, as it has been amended, be
printed, so that we can understand what it is.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair does not re-
gard that as a proper amendment to the motion.
By unanimous consent, it will be ordered to be
printed.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
"TERRITORY OF NEBRASKA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to organize the Territory of Nebraska.
Mr. CLAYTON spoke for two hours and a
quarter without concluding.
Mr. EVERETT. The Senator from Delaware
is evidently very much exhausted; and I there-
fore move that the further consideration of the
subject be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to say that 
Mr. CLAYTON. If there is the slightest op-
position to the motion, I will endeavor to go on.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should be glad to yield,
if 
Mr. CLAYTON. I will go on at once, it being
understood that the Senator objects.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Massachusetts withdraw the motion to postpone?
Mr. EVERETT. 1 do, at the instance of the
Senator from Delaware.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President 
Mr. BAYARD. I hope my colleague will not
persist in speaking to-day. I think it but an act
of justice that he should be accommodated. I
therefore renew the motion to postpone.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 1, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
WISCONSIN RAILROAD GRANT.
The SPEAKER. The business ficst in order
is the motion to refer to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union the bill making a
grant of land to the Suite of Wisconsin, to aid in
the construction of a railroad and branch road in
said State, upon which the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Disney] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. RUSSELL. 1 rise to a question of privi-
lege. 1 desire to make a report from the Commit-
tee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is entitled to the floor.
M r. RUSSELL. Is it not in orderfor the Com-
mittee on Printing to report at any timer
The SPEAKER. That is the rule of the House.
The gentleman may make his report from the
Committee on Printing at any time when he can
get the floor for that purpose, but he cannot take
the floor from a member for that purpose.
Mr. DISNEY. When I took the floor on
yesterday it was my intention to have gone into
an extended argument upon the constitutional
power of Congress to make grants of the charac-
ter of those contained in this bill, and also to vin-
dicate the policy upon the part of Congress in
making such grants. But I am importuned too
much by gentlemen around me, on every hand, to
bring tliis debate to a close at a very early hour,
and advised as I am, that theCommitteeofWays
and Means are anxious to proceed to the consid-
eration of the deficiency bill in committee, I am
disposed to yield, so far as my own wishes are
I concerned.
| I was disposed to give the House an opportunity
j for a general examination and discussion of the
merits of the bill, so far as gentlemen might wish
j to enter into such a discussion. I should like to
j have it, with regard to this bill, in every possible
j shape in which the question of the general policy
I of Congress in granting lands to the States to aid
