2078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
pay to William H. Weirich,late second lieutenant
of company G, in Colonel J. D. Stevenson's regi-
ment of New York volunteers, $576 26, the
amount of mileage from California to New York,
and two months' pay, as were paid to other offi-
cers and soldiers of that regiment.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, ordered to a third reading,
read a third time, and passed,
ABIGAIL STAFFORD.
Mr. BROWN. Some time since I submitted a
motion to reconsider the vote whereby the joint
resolution explanatory of an act for the relief of
Abigail Stafford was rejected. I ask the Senate
to consider that motion now, for the purpose of
disposing of the subject. If it gives rise to any
debate, I will consent to let it go over until next
session.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall not consider
that now. Will a single objection prevent it?
The PRESIDENT. No, sir. It is a question
for the Senate to decide.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will not
take it up. We ought to consider the appropria-
tion bills. If we do not, how will it be possible
for us to get through with the business of the ses-
sion ?
Mr. BROWN. If it takes ten minutes, I will
let it go over.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes ten, noes
not counted.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to suspend all prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the fortification
bill.
Mr. PETTIT. I desire to make a report.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the Senator will give
us an opportunity to make reports from commit-
tees.
Mr. HUNTER. Unless we go on with the
appropriation bills, it will be impossible to get
through with the business by the time fixed for
adjournment.
Mr. WELLER. It will not take ten minutes
to make reports.
Mr PETTIT. I object to proceeding to the
consideration of the fortification bill, until I have
had an opportunity to present reports from a
committee.
Mr. HUNTER. I will withdraw my motion
for half an hour.
Various reports and petitions were then pre-
sented, which are stated in a former part of the
report, for the convenience of classification.
UNFINISHED BUSINESS OF THE SESSION.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 desire to offer a resolution,
which will save some of the time of the Senate,
and to which I presume there will be no objection.
It is follows:
Rcwlvcd, That all subjects before the Senate at the close
of the present session, including those before committees,
shall be continued to the neu session, and shall llieil be
proceeded with in the same manner as if no adjournment
of the Senate had taken place; and the papers which have
been referred to the committees, and tnay be ui their pos-
sesion at the close of the session, shall be returned infor-
mally to the Secretary, and by him restored to the commit-
tees when appointed at the next session.
Mr. RUSK. I suggest to the Senator that that
is already the rule.
Mr. SLIDELL. This applies merely to peti-
tions which are pending before committees. It is
to obviate the necessity of the committees asking
to be discharged from the consideration of the
business, and having it again referred to them at
the next session.
Mr. RUSK. There is no necessity for that.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Secretary of the Senate
tells me that there is, and that it will save a vast
deal of trouble.
Mr. SUMNER. I will inquire if theresolution
proposed by the Senator from Louisiana is not a
superfluity, and if it isnotalready provided for by
an existing rule?
Mr. SLIDELL. It is not.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator will find
that it is a superfluity.
Mr. SLIDELL. There is a joint resolution to
which, perhaps, the Senator from Massachusetts
refers, which applies only to bills. This resolu-
tion is simply to obviate the necessity of commit-
tees asking to be discharged from the business
pending before them, and having it at the next
session referred to them as unfinished business,
1 am told by the Secretary it will save time. That
is my only object in offering it. I have no inter-
est in the matter at all.
Mr. BROWN. 1 suggest to the Senator from
Massachusetts, though it may be a superfluity, to
let it pass. It can do no harm, and we can pass
it in less time than it will take to talk about it.
The resolution was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
THE BRIG GLAMORGAN.
Mr. SEWARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred the
memorial of the owner of the brig Glamorgan,
praying that the name may he changed, and a
register issued, to report " a bill to change the
name of the American-built brig Glamorgan to
that of Wizard." I ask for the consideration of
the bill now. This vessel was seized and con-
demned as a slaver. She is a very good vessel,
and, since her condemnation, has been bought by
citizens of the United States, who wish to remove
the taint which attaches to her former name.
The bill was read a first and second time by
unanimous consent, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to authorize the
owner of the brig Glamorgan, of Boston, to
change her name to that of Wizard, and to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue to her a
register under that name, she having been con-
demned and soli by the United States authorities
for having been employed in the slave trade, and
having been purchased since by her present owner.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
*HON. JARED W. WILLIAMS.
. BUTLER. Mr. President, a resolution
toucning a question of privilege in relation to the
right of the Hon. Mr. Williams to hold lus seat
on this floor was referred, some weeks ago, to the
Judiciary Committee. I do not know but that I
owe an apology to the Senate for not reporting on
it earlier, as it is a matter which I know, according
to parliamentary usage, should be acted upon as
promptly as possible; but there were papers which
had to be produced at the instance of the incum-
bent, without which thecommittee could not very
well proceed. The committee have had the same
under consideration, and report, by a resolution,
that the incumbent is not entitled to his seat. It
is a question for the Senate to say, whether they
will consider it now, as I think they ought, or
whether it shall be postponed.
Mr. CLAYTON. It ought to lie on the table
and be printed.
The report and resolution were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
MARYSVILLE AND BENICIA RAILROAD.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill grant-
ing the right of way to the Marysville and Benicia
Railroad Company through and over the grounds
of the United States at Benicia, California, have
had the same under consideration, and have di-
rected me to report it back, and #commend its
passage. I ask that it may be put upon its pas-
sage now. •
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall not put such
bills upon their passage now.
Mr. GWIN. It will take but a minute to
consider it.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill. It proposes to grant
to the company the right of way, sixty-six feet in
width, for their road through and over the grounds
of the United States at and near Benicia, the route
across the grounds to be approved by the Secre-
tary of War, before it is entered upon for the pur-
pose of constructing the railroad, and the grant is
only to be made if it shall be without detriment to
the public interest in the opinion of the Secretary
of War. y
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
PORTS OF DELIVERY.
The PRESIDENT. The bill of the Senate to
constitute the city of Tuscumbia, in the State of
Alabama, a port of delivery, has been returned from
the House with an amendment. The Chair will
present the amendment to the Senate for consider-
ation.
The amendment was in the form of an additional
section, providing that Paducah, in Kentucky,
Shreveport, in Louisiana, and Jeffersonville, in
Indiana, shall be constituted ports of delivery
within the collection district of New Orleans, and
making the usual provision in regard to the ap-
pointment of the surveyors of customs and their
duties. The title was also amended by adding
" and for other purposes."
Mr. CLAY. I move that the Senate concur in
the amendments, so that the bill may be finally
passed.
The amendments were concurred in.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to suspend all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the for-
tification bill.
Mr. BELL. Is the half hour out?
Mr. HUNTER. The reports have been gone
through with.
Mr. BELL. I. made an attempt yesterday to
get up a private bill which came from the House;
but on account of the objection of one Senator,
I failed. I hope it will be taken up now. It is a
bill for the relief of Rebecca Baggerley. She ia
upwards of eighty years of age, and may not live
•more than a year or two. I am sure there can be
no objection to the bill. It grants her a pension
of only twenty dollars a year.
Mr. HUNTER. I agreed to give way for re-
ports, but not for the passage of bills. I must
ask*that my motion be put to the Senate. They
can vote it down if they are not disposed to go on*
with the appropriation bills.
Mr. Hunter's motion was agreed to.
Mr. BELL. I now ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to pass the bill of which I have
spoken.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot give way for the
passage of bills. It is more important that we
should go on now with the appropriation bills.
The Senator can get his bill up at another time;
but I do not see why, when we are about to enter
on appropriation bills, we should suspend them
for the purpose of acting on a private bill.
Mr. BELL. It might be acted upon and passed
while you are finding the appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will inform the
Senator that his bill can be taken up at another
time, and doubtless it will be passed. It is a
House bill.
Mr. BELL. Very well, sir, I will take your
arantee.
r The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, ac-
cordingly resumed the consideration of the bill
from the House, making appropriations for forti-
fications and other works of defense, and for the
repairs of barracks and quarters for the year end-
ing the 30th June, 1855.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state, in reference to
the bill, that the Committee on Finance have re-
ported it back exactly as it came from the House.
It has been difficult, for some years, to get any
bill for fortifications through the House. This
one was passed, I believe, by only three majority,
and we were afraid to jeopardize it by reporting
any amendment. We have, therefore, reported it
to the Senate as it came from the House, and hope
it will be passed in that shape; for we believe that
if we make any amendments and send it back to
the House, it will be in danger.
The bill was read.
Mr. BAYARD. I had intended to move to in-
crease one of the appropriations contained in the
bill—that for Fort Delaware—but I am satisfied,
for the reasons urged by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, that it would be impolitic to amend the bill;
and, further, I do not think we should have time
to get through with the other appropriation bills, if
we amended it. I, therefore, forbear to offer the
amendment, though I think I could give good
reasons for it.
Mr. WELLER. In the absence of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, [Mr.
Shields,] who has been called away by the se-
rious, and, perhaps, fatal illness of his friend and
colleague m the other House, [Mr. Bissell,] I
am instructed by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs to offer the following amendment, to come
irt after the clause " for repairs and construction
of Fort St. Philip, Mississippi river, Louisiana,
$25,000:" r ^
And for commencing the tower, battery, and fortification
at or near Proetorsville, in the State of Louisiana, .$30,0U0.
,g«
, t.
