510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
in the construction of railroads can be presented.
But I repeat that, importuned as I am on every
hand to close this debate, I shall yield to it, and
shall confine my remarks to* one or two brief ob-
servations
First, I desire to say a word or two with regard
to an objection which has been raised, that the
road for which this grant is made will come in com-
petition with one or two other roads. Now, in
order to do away with all excuse for making such
an objection, I propose to modify the pending
amendment by substituting the proposition which
I send to the Chair.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Provided, That the grant herein provided for shall not be
construed to extend to any land upon the line of said road
between the town of Madison and the southern boundary
of the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. DISNEY proceeded: The effect of the
amendment, as now modified, would be to make
a direct and specific provision in the bill excluding
the State from the benefit of granted land upon
the line of the road south and east of the town of
Madison; and obviates, by direct provision, the
objection made by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cutting] yesterday.
The objection, as I said yesterday, from the
circumstance that no public land exists south and
east of the town of Madison, has no existence, in
point of fact. But the friends of the bill are will-
ing that this modification of the amendment shall
be made, and I therefore move it.
Mr. Speaker, the whole question—the whole
matter to be examined with regard to the character
of these railroad grants—resolves itself into these
two points, and they are the only questions that
can arise out of them: one is as to the competency
of Congress to make such grants; and the other,
and the only other before the House, is the policy
or expediency of making such grants.
The other day, when this matter was under
consideration, I called the attention of the House
to the opinions of Mr. Calhoun, who is universally
regarded as good authority by members of this
House upon questions of this kind, at least by
those who hold to a rigid construction of the Con-
stitution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must arrest the
gentleman from Ohio in his remarks for a mo-
ment, for the purpose of calling: his attention to
the amendment he proposes. The motion pend-
ing is to commit the bill; no amendment is there-
. fore in order except by the un'animous consent
of the House. The Chair desires to have the un-
derstanding of the House upon it.
Several Members, objected.
Mr. DISNEY. I merely suggested the modi-
fication. I am not at all strenuous upon its
adoption.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no objec-
tion to the modification going with the original
amendment to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. DISNEY. I suppose the gentleman would
not have any objection to such a course.
Mr. JONES. None at all.
Mr. DISNEY. But I have.
The SPEAKER. Objection has been made,
and the amendment cannot be received.
Mr. DISNEY. Very well; 1 do not desire to
press the amendment; I merely offered it to gratify
the friends of the bill.
But, sir, to proceed. When last up, I called the
attention of the House to the opinions of Mr.
Calhoun in regard to the competency of Congress
to make grants such as are proposed in the pend-
ing bill. With the permission of the House, I
will read some further extracts from his report in
1846 upon this subject. He says:
" Your committee will next proceed to consider that por-
tion of the memorial which relates to the communication
by raiiroaus between the valley of the Mississippi and the
southern Atlantic States. They regard works of the kind
as belonging to internal improvements, (that is, improve-
ment'-! wilhin the body of the State?,) and as such, are, m
their opinion, not embraced m the power to regulate com-
merce. Rut (hey are, nevertheless, of Die opinion that
where such roads, or other works of internal improvements,
may pas-s through public lands, the United States may con-
tribute to their construction, in their character of proprietors,
to the extent that they may be enhanced in price thereby.
This has usually been done by ceding alternate sections on
the piojpcted Imp of such works; and it is believed that no
mode ot contributing more fail or better calculated to guard
against abuses can be devised. That Congress lias a right
to make such contributions, where there is reasonable
ground to believe that the public lands will be enhanced in
proportion, under its right to dispose of the 1 territory and
other public property of the United States,' your committee
cannot doubt. In making this assertion, they hold to the
rule of strict construction, and that this power, like all the
other powers of the Government, is a trust power, and, as
such, is strictly limited by the nature and object of the trust.
In this case the rule requires that the lands, and other public
property of the United 8tates, should be disposed of to the
best ad vantage;, and where that can be done by contributing
a portion to works which would make the residue equally
or more valuable than the whole would be without it, as is
supposed, they hold it would be strictly within the rule.
Your committee go further. They are of the opinion, not
only that Congress has the right to contribute to the extent
stated in such cases, but that it is in duty bound to do so,
as the representative of a part of the proprietors of the land
to be benefited. It would be neither just nor fair for it to
stand by and realize the advantage they would derive from
the work, without contributing a due proportion towards its
construction. It would be still less justifiable to refuse to
contribute, it its effects should be to defeat a work, the
construction of which, while it would enhance the value of
the land belonging to the public, and that of individual pro-
prietors, would promote the prosperity of the country gen-
erally."
Thus emphatic, clear, and distinct is Mr. Cal-
houn with regard to the competency of Congress
to make grants of the sort now proposed, holding
that it is not only competent for Congress to make
such grants, but that it is their bounden duty to do
it in every case where a grant of the kind would
enhance the value of the residue of the public do-
main in the vicinity of such donations. His
reasoning is sound, but we need not invoke the
authority of Mr. Calhoun in support of a princi-
ple so clear and well-established as this propo-
sition is, for it has been coeval with the history
of our public 4omain. A right of thi« kind upon
the part of Congress has ever been asserted. The
very first act that provided for the survey of the
public domain made grants of sections sixteen
for school purposes, and of sections twenty-nine
for ministerial purposes, making specific grants
of those sections for the purposes indicated, in
order to induce purchasers to buy the surround-
ing and adjacent lands.
In the same class are all the grants in regard to
saline lands; and it has ever been held, and truly
held, that in making those grants the Government
was compensated-by the sale of the adjacent lands
for the lands given and donated—a most compre-
hensive principle, which is recognized in private
life, and acted upon by every man who lays out a
tract of land as a town or city; he lays it off into
streets, lanes, and alleys, dedicating a lot here for
a market-house, and a lot there for a court-house,
and the doctrine of the law is, that though he may
have dedicated those lots for public purposes, yet
he has been paid for them in the .sales made to
the purchasers of the adjacent and surrounding
ground. So in the case of the man who lays off a
street, and sells the lands abutting on it on either
side, the donation of the street itself is no loss to
the party, because he receives compensation for it
in the enhanced price of the adjacent lots.
This doctrine is recognized by your courts of
law. It is the doctrine acted on, as I have said,
by individuals in their own private transactions.
I repeat it, that the power of making grants, and
donating portions of the public domain, in order to
induce purchasers to buy the adjacent land has
been actcd upon by this Government ever since it
had public land.
One word in rpgard to the policy of it, and I
shall have done. The policy of this sort of grants
is evident in its effect not only on the interests of
the country where the land is located, but also on
the Treasury of the United States. The peculiar
I benefit of it js shown by the report of your Com-
missioner of the General Land Office in regard to
the grants heretofore made by Congress. As a
matter of policy, it is recommended to you and
indorsed by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office. It is indorsed to you by the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of the Interior. It is
recommended to you by the President himself, in
his message to Congress at the commencement of
the present session. It is indorsed by the Ad-
ministration generally; and, independent of that, I
repeat that an examination of the facts themselves
must induce every man to believe that the Treas-
ury of the Union will be benefited by the grant,
while the immediate neighborhood of the land
granted will also be peculiarly interested and ben-
fited. In this case, as I said before, these roads run
through vast tracts of the public domain, as yet
uninhabited by citizens of the country. By their
construction, the land will be cultivated and set-
tled. The resources of the country will be de-
veloped, and at once add to the general strength
and power of the Government.
I have but one single consideration further.
The western road, if constructed, will make a di-
rect route from the northern and eastern States to
the Territory of Minnesota. It makes that vast
and fertile Territory easy of access to all the emi-
grants from the northern and eastern portions of
the Union. The other road connected with the
head of Lake Superior opens up communication
with the rich resources of that region and the At-
lantic coast. With these general remarks I call
for the previous question.
Mr. EASTMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw the call for the previous ques-
tion for a moment. If he will do so I will pledge
myself to renew it.
Mr. DISNEY. On that condition I withdraw
the call for the previous question.
Mr. EASTMAN. I had hoped, Mr. Speaker,
that this question would have been decided with-
out the necessity on my part of saying a single
word. I live at a remote distance from the lines
of these conflicting railroads. My immediate con-
stituents have no more interest in the one than
they have in the other. Residing in the extreme
southwest corner county of Wisconsin, I am not
interested, directly or indirectly, in either of these
projects; and I think if any person can speak dis-
interestedly upon this question, can look on the
question of railroads and their conflicting interests
throughout the State with impartiality, I am that
person. I have foreborne making any remarks on
this question, have not interfered, being willing
that the interests of both of the roads should be
heard. I shall acquiesce in the decision of the
House, whatever it may be.
The Milwaukie and Mississippi Railroad Com-
pany have been here, and have procured the pas-
sage of a bill donating a part of the public domain
for the purpose of completing their road from Mad-
ison to Prairie du Chien, a distance of seventy or
eighty miles. That bill came into the House from
the Senate yesterday and was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. With these remarks I
will proceed to state, as I understand the conflicting
interests involved, the question between them.
Mr. SIMMONS. Will the gentleman from
Wisconsin permit me to make a remark ?
Mr. EASTMAN. I cannot consent; I beg not
to be interrupted.
Mr. SIMIVIONS. What I desire to make an
observation on is a question of fact.
Mr. EASTMAN. Well; I hope I will be able
to satisfy the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Simmons] about all the question of facts. And if
not, then, when I have concluded, it will not be
too late for him to make his statement.
Several years ago, Mr. Speaker, the Legislature
of the State of Wisconsin chartered the Milwau-
kie and Mississippi Railroad Company. I believe,
however, that the Rock River and Union Valley
Railroad Company was chartered a short time be-
fore the chattering of the Milwaukie and Missis-
sippi company. The town of Janesville, and the
people of the county of Rock, being in the interior
of the State, had, as was supposed, some rights as
well as the people of the city of Milwaukie.
Milwaukie, it will be borne in mind, is the large
commercial emporium of the State of Wisconsin.
We of the interior—the people of the western and
of the northern portions of the State—had paid
tribute to that great city. It sprung up, as it
were, in a day, as if by magic. We sent to it our
lead, our wheat, our corn, to be exported. They
had the advantage from our trade of commission
and storage, and everything of that kind. We
gave them the whole benefit of our trade. We
then asked the Milwaukie and Mississippi com-
pany that the road should be run in such a direc-
tion that the line would accommodate the people
of the lower part of the State. We applied to them
to that intent. But, having waxed fat, the com-
pany kicked. They said they would not run the
roau through Janesville, or the county of Rock, or
give the people of that part of the State any ad-
vantage from it; but that it should run to a point
near White Water, to a town north of the Lake
Koshkanong; and from that point west to Mad-
ison . The effect of this was to cut off the county
of Rock and the south part of the State almost
entirely. The county of Rock was at that time
the garden of the State. It produced as much
wheat and corn, and other products of the soil, as
