THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 18,
cle of book paper than for that on which the Globe
and other newspapers are printed. Such is -my
information.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cooper
in the chair.) The question is on referring the
resolution to the Committee on Printing.
~'J\fr. JOHNSON. I hope it will not be referred
to the Committee on Printing. I shall ask to be
cus.charged from service on that committee, if the
lubject be sent back to them.
'lr. BROWN. Let the Senate settle the ques-
tion.
51 Mr. JOHNSON. The Senate have all the facts
before them, and they can go on and investigate
the matter as well as the committee can. I hope,
therefore, the Senate will not refer the subject to
the committee. I have another reason for hoping
that this will not be done, and that is a personal
one", and one of delicacy. The report which was
made by the committee was rather adverse to the
proposition which I at first submitted: but 1 have
laid the facts before the Senate. The whole ques-
tion has been presented to them, and 1 do not wish |
to have the matter gone into again upon the report
of the committee.
Mr. GWIN. I do not wish to obtrude this
question on the Senator from Arkansas, if it be
disagreeable to him; but I conceive that it is my
<futy to insist that thequestion shall be investigated,
so that we may understand exactly what we are
voting for; and therefore, if he does not wish to
Have the subject referred to the committee of which
Ke is a member, let us have a select committee to
examine it. It is perfectly evident that there is
not a member of the Senate who does understand
this question. Who of us understands the elabo-
rate statements which have been made this morn-
ing by the two Senators on the Committee on
printing.* Notoneofus, One of those Senators
does not even understand the papers which the
other has brought forward. The Senator from
Arkansas does not understand those which have
been brought forward by the Senator from Ala-
bama; ana the Senator from Alabama does not
understand those which the Senator from Arkan-
sas has presented. It is evident, then, that we do
not understand the question.
I am perfectly willing to act with the Senator
from Arkansas in providing for putting the Con-
gressional Globe upon a permanent looting; but I
hope we shall not be compelled to vote bhndlyon
this question. 1 suppose the result of this reso-
lution, if it be adopted, will be to add an expense
of from £50,000 to $100,000 a year to our contin-
gent fund. Now, I should like to know if any
Senator can state what amount of appropriation
we shall be placing on this fund by our action on
this resolution. It is well known to the Committee
on Finance that there is scarcely a session of Con-
gress that we escape from almost direct insult
from the other House on account of the manner
in which they treat our contingent fund. 1 sup-
pose there is scarcely a member of the Senate
who has not investigated it, who knows the amount
of expenditure from that fund at this time. We
are now expending upwards of $300,000 a year out
of our contingent fund; and here is a proposition
to put on that same fund an indefinite amount—
from $50,000 to $100,000. All admit that it can-
not be less than $50,000. We do not know how
many of these papers will accept this proposition.
Why are they not consulted? Why are they
asked to print our proceedings without ourknow'-
ing whether they wish to do it or not?
I think it is clue to the Senate that we should
investigate this subject before we go any further,
so that we can have an elaborate report on it, that
we may not fasten on the contingent fund of the ;
Senate sucti an enormous expense without know- |
ing the amount, and without the Senate being con- |
vinced of its necessity. If this printing is"to be
done, let us put the amount of the appropriation m
in the general appropriation bills. Let us not j
bring odium on the Senate by making our con- !
tmgent fund such an enormous charge upon the !
Treasury.^ By this resolution, if we act upon it i
now, we give ourselves a large additional quantity !•
of books. ' i
Mr. JOHNSON. Perhaps I can give the Sen- I
ator the information which he desires. We are !'
not as barren of information as he thinks. Every i;
Senator can estimate the amount for himself. The jj
additional number of copies of the Congressional !'
Globe and Appendix proposed to be taken is so*')
near five thousand that we may assume that round
number as the amount. We know that the cost
will be nine dollars a copy for a Congress—for
two years. This gives $45,000 as the amount
of additional expense for the Congressional Globe
during the whole Congress. The Senator assumes
that the expense cannot be less than $50,000, and
may be $100,000. The question of the contingent
fund has nothing to do with wh£t is a fair price
for this work.
Mr. GWIN. Out of what fund is the money
to be paid ? 
Mr. JOHNSON. Out of the contingent fund.
Mr. GWIN. That was my argument. The
Senator speaks of the Congressional Globe alon'e;
but the resolution provides for the publication by
the other paper;?, at $4 50 a column; and it has
been estimated that that will amount to $16,000
each. Can the Senator tell what papers will ac-
cept the proposition ?
Mr. PRATT. The resolution is,I understand,
that a proposition shall be made to three papers,
each of them to publish at $4 50 a column. Any
paper which accepts will, it is said, receive $lfc,000
for a Congress. Now, if all three accept, there
would be $16,000 to each, making §48,000 for a
Congress. Add this sum to the $45,000 addi-
tional subscription for the Globe, and you have
$93,000 as the utmost expense which can be in-
curred by the passage of this resolution, for two
years.
Mr. GWIN. I am thankful to the Senator.
The question I made was this; whether the papers
who are invited to make these publications had
presented themselves here asking for them, or
were willing to accept the terms? I take it for
granted that this is not known, for otherwise the
information would be laid before us. I take it is
not known that these three papers will accept;
but if they do, H will make an expense of $48,000.
We shall incur under this resolution $4-5,000 ex-
pense for the Congressional Globe. These two
items will make $93,000 to be added to our con-
tingent fund, the appropriations for which now
exceed $275,000 a year.
Mr. KRODIIEAD. Is the $45,000 additional
or aggregate ?
Mr. GWIN. I confess I have been trying to
pay some attention to the matter, and I do not
know whether the $45,000 is additional or aggre-
gate. Who can tell ?
Several Senators. Aggregate.
Mr. WELLER. Additional.
Mr. GWIN. One Senator says it is aggre-
gate and another says it is additional. This
shows that we are all at sea about this matter. I
do not wish to force this question upon the Com-
mittee on Printing; and certainly, if a select com-
mittee be raised for the investigation of the sub-
ject, I cannot act upon it, for I have more than I
can attend to. All that I wish is to have a com-
mittee of this body examine and report upon the
subject, and give us all the facts.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. I hope the Senator
will move to refer this matter to a select commit-
tee. I unite with my colleague on the Committee
on Printing, the Senator from Arkansas, in say-
ing that I would, with a great deal of pleasure,
be released from service on that committee. I
prefer having no connection with it. I have in-
vestigated matters falling within the province of
that committee until I am really worn out with
the subject. 1 trust, therefore, the Senate will
adopt the proposition of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, and refer the question to an independent,
select committee. That, it seems to me, cannot
but be satisfactory to the friends as well as the
opponents of this measure. If such a committee
be raised, I wish to be excused from serving on
it; but I hope the subject will be referred to a
select committee to be appointed in any form the
Senate may suggest.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the subject is to lie re-
ferred to a select committee, I wish, also, to be
excused from service upon it, because I do not
wish to have anything to do with it. I hope, at
any rate, the Senate will not send the subject back
to the Committee on Printing
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I have listened
very diligently to the remarks which have been
made by the gentlemen who are members of the
Committee on Printing, who seem to have thrown
up this business; and,after the explanation which
they have given, I shalL have no difficulty as to
the principle on which my vote shall be cast, al-
though I have so'me little difficulty as to the facts
of the case. I am inclined, however, to concur
generally in the statements of the Senator from
Arkansas, who seems to have paid much attention
to the subject, and I have looked over the state-
ment of the publisher of the Giobe, and that has
confirmed my opinion. We ought to prim our
Journals and proceedings. We are required to do
so by the Constitution, from time to time. This
work has been now for a number of years before
the public, printed by the authority of Congress.
The work has been done well, excellently well;
and I am wi)Hng'-to give a fair consideration for
the Congressional Globe. All seem to be agreed
that this is right; that we should give what is a
fair compensation and liberal pay. Just let me
know what that is, and I will vote for it. So far
as the case now stands, I am rather inclined to
think that the Senator from Arkansas is nearer
right thaft the Senator frofn Alabama, and there-
fore, if driven to a vote, I shall have to vote with
him; but, I must admit, with some difficulty in
my mind with regard to the subject. I am willing
to give a liberal compensation for work which is
well done.
As to the proposition to provide for the publi-
cation of the debates in the other city papers, I
regard it as wholly unnecessary, and I am op-
posed to it. We discharge our duty when we
have our debates published in such a manner that
every one who wants them can get at them; and
I cannot see any propriety in paying a number of
other papers from $40>000 to $50,000 for addi-
tional circulation among four thousand subscri-
bers. It is probable, as the subscription price of
these papers is ten dollars a year, that they circu-
late among a class of people who could more
easily get ut the reports as they are now published
than any other, and to whom they are more ac-
cessible; while the four millions of voters and the
twenty millions of inhabitants of the United States
will be excluded. You cannot mane the publica-
tion sufficiently general so as to inform everybody
without an enormous expense. This is a prop-
osition to incur a large expense merely for the
purpose of giving it to the local papers here.
Some gentlemen have put it on the ground that
it is for the purpose of informing gentlemen of
different parties. I object to it on that ground. I
do not consider that any of these papers repre-
sents me. You have here the representative of
the Administration. That does not represent me.
Then you have the representative of the Demo-
cratic party, I believe, in the Sentinel. That
does not represent me. Then you have the Na-
tional Intelligencer. That represents the Free-
Soil division of the Whig party, and is no repre-
sentative for me. Therefore where are we, the
Republicans of the South, and those whom I rep-
resent on this floor, the Republican Whig party
of the South, to look? You do not give it to all.
If you are to act on this principle, why not
include the National Era, which I am told has a
great many more subscribers than either of these
other papers, or all of them combined? If you
do not intend to divide this work in little jobs be-
tween small divisions and cliques of the Demo-
cratic or Whig parties, publish your proceedings
in the Globe, where they are accessible to all.
When you have done this, you have complied
with your constitutional duty. Pay liberally for
it, and have it well done, and leave the rest to the
public. I am therefore opposed to this part of
the resolution, and I shall vote against it; but so
far as the Globe is concerned, I think we dis-
charge our duty when we publish the debates
there, and pay it liberally. Let us put that on a
good basis. For that purpose I shall vote at pres-
ent with the Senator from Arkansas, believing
that what he proposes is as near as I can come to
a liberal and fair compensation to that paper.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the motion to refer the subject to the Committee
on Printing, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chase, Clayton, Dawson, Dodge o
Wiec-on^in, Dodffe of Iowa, Fiizpatrick, Foor, Gwin, Jones
of Tennessee, Rusk, Slide!!, Smart, Sumner, and Toucey
—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Badgrr, Benjamin,
Bnght. Rioriheari, Brown, Cooper. Don^la*, If tinier, James,
JohtiMUi, Mallory, Morton, Norris, Pearoe, Pettit, Pratt,
Sebastian, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Wade,
Walker, Weller, and Williams—25.
So the motion was not agreed to.
