1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iMl
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I now move to refer
the whole subject to a select committee of five
members, to be appointed by the Chair.
Mr. CHASE called for the yeas and nays on
this motion; and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Chase, Clayton, Dawson,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Fitzpatiick, Foot,
Gwiu, Jones of Tenne^ee, Mallory, Rusk, Sumner, and !
Toucey—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Badger, Bright, Brod-
head, Brown, Cooper, Douglas, Hunter, Jitmes, Johnson,
Morton, Noiris, Pearce, Pratt, Sebastian, Stuart, Thomp-
son of Kentucky, Toombs, Wade, Walker, Welter, and
Williams—23. *
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. Upon the reading of the res-
olution it will be seen that it is capable of division.
The first part relates to the^ matter of printing in
the city papers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cooper in
the Chair.) The chair understands that an amend-
ment has been proposed by the Senatorfrom Mich-
igan.
Mr. JOHNSON. I believe the Senatorfrom
Indiana accepted that amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. I accepted it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ori-
ginal resolution will be so modified. As it is sus-
ceptible of division, the question will first be on the
first branch of the resolution, in these words:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and he
is hereby, directed to contract with the proprietors of the
Washington Sentinel, the Washington Union, and theNa-
tional Intelligencer, for publishing ali the proceedings itnd
debates of the Senate, or with such of iheiu a* shall desire
to do so: Provided. Thai such publication be copied from the
Globe by authority," and shall be published enttre within
forty-eight hours after (he same appears in the Globe, and
at the rate of $4 50 per column.
The question is upon this branch of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. SLIDELL called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to have Sena-
tors understand onequestion about which nothing,
I believe, has yet been said; but which the Senate
had better understand before they take the vote.
The branch of the resolution upon which we are
about to take the question, provides for printing the
proceedings in three papers, not the proceedings
of Congress, but simply the proceedings of this
body. That v/ill not make more than half the
whole proceedings of Congress; for the debates of
the other House are about the length of ours. It
has been alleged that the cost will be $16,000 per
Congress for each paper.
Mr. J3RO WN. It will be a little less than half
of that.
Mr. JOHNSON. That will be the amount for
the debates of this body.
Mr. BRIGHT. There has been a great mis-
apprehension on that point. The sum will only
be half the amount which has been stated.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think my friends ought to
understand that question before they vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Badger, Benjamin,
Bright, Brodhead, Brown,Clayton, Cooper, Dawson, Doug-
las, Hunter, James, Johnson, Pratt, Stuait, and Thompson
of Ken lucky—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Gwin, Jones of Tennessee, Mal-
lory, Morton, Norns, Pettit, Rusk, Sebastian, Shdell,
Sumner, Toombs, Toucey, Wade, Walker, Weller, and
Williams—21.
So the first branch of the resolution was not
agreed to.
Mr. WELLER I wish to give notice that 1
shall move a reconsideration of this vote to-mor-
row, with a view to take the question when there :
is a full Senate present. I voted in the negative j
for no other reason than to enable me to move a
reconsideration.
Mr. GWIN, Then*I hope the whole subject
will be postponed, if we are to have any part of
the subject up to-morrow, let us have the whole
of it up then.
Several Senators. Let us take the vote on* the
other branch of the proposition now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the second branch of the resolution
in these words:
Resolved, Thai the Secretary of the Senate contract with
the proprietor of the Globe fur five thousand and twenty- i
two additional copies of the Congressional Globe and Ap-
pendix for !he present Congress.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend by striking
out" five thousand and twenty-two/' and inserting
one half that number—" two thousand five hun-
dred and eleven." The Committee on Printing
have reported in favor of taking two thousand five
hundred and eleven; and, as they have come to
that determination, and, as I understand the pro-
prietor of the Globe will be satisfied with this, I
think it is quite sufficient.
Mr. DAWSON called for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment; and thejr were ordered.
Mr. WELLER. I am willing to vote for the
amendment submitted by the Senator from Louis-
iana, provided the appropriation for the expense
of reporting and publishing be increased. 1 have
already said this morning, that I have the most
satisfactory evidence that it costs something over
nine dollars a column for reporting and publish-
ing our debates in theOlobe. That is the actual
cost without any reference to the interest upon the
money invested in the establishment. I intimated
a while ago, that I intended to submit a motion to
increase the rate to §9 50 a column, which would
give the publisher some forty cents profit per col-
umn of the reports of our debates which will, of !
course include the interest on the money invested.
Now, I am willing to vote for two thousand five
hundred copies with the understanding that the
Senate will agree to fix the compensation for re-
porting and publishing at $9 50 instead of $7 50 a
column; but it would be no remuneration what-
ever to the publisher of the Congressional Globe
unless we agree<Lto that, and until I am satisfied
on that point, I snail be compelled to vote against
the proposition of the Senator from Lousiana.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I have
never been actuated by a parsimonious spirit as I
regards the expenditures of the Government of i
the United States; and more especially would I
avoid anything that would savor of such a spirit
in the publication of the debates of this body. It
is understood that the proprietor of the Globe is
not sufficiently paid. I think that is the sense of
theSenate. We must, therefore, pay more money.
There are two modes of doing that. One mode is
that pointed out by the Senator from California,
by increasing the amount paid to the proprietor
for each column of the debates reported and pub-
lished. The'other mode of paying him is to take
a greater number of the copies furnished by him
at the present prices. The sole question before
the Senate is which of these two ways is the best.
I presume no Senator desires first to increase the
price, and secondly to increase the number. It
seems to be also the general sense of the Senate ;
that if we are to pay more money to the propri- •
etor, it would be well to have more copies of the i
publication instead of paying him a larger sum j
for the present number of copies. j
There remains, therefore, but a single question j
for our decision, and it is this: what additional 1
number of copies will suffice to secure to the pro- |
prietor of that journal an adequate remuneration 1
for the labor and expenses incurred by him in the j
publication? The proposition is to pay to him |
the subscription price of five thousand and twenty- ;
two copies, which, according to the best mforma- i
tion I have been able toobtain,after listening very <
attentively to the entire discussion, would yield 1
him a profit of over $20,000, in addition to the ,
present prices which he receives. I further un- ;
derstand that an increase of the subscription of,
half that amount will yield him about $12,000;
and i still further understand, that when the Com- j
mittee on Printing reported back a resolution to ;
this body to subscribe, in addition to the present 1
number, for a number equal to one-half that now :
taken by the House of Representatives, the pro- ;
prietor of the Globe was not indisposed to accept 1
that as an adequate remuneration. I think, sir, j
he will be satisfied with it. Of course he would !
like more; but 1 am confident,from all that I have
seen and heard on the subject, that this will satisfy
him; and we may be assured, if it will satisfy ,
him, that it is a liberal price. I trust, therefore, 1
that however gentlemen may be disposed to sus- j
tain this publication—and I yield to none of them
in the sincerity of a desire to sustain it—yet they
will reflect that this is a very large sum of money ;
we aie voting away, and that if one haif the*
amount will suffice, we ought not to go beyond it. J
i agree fully with everything that was said by i
the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Jokes,] this j
morning, on that subject. With two thousand i
five hundred and eleven copies, 1 believe the Globe
can be sustained; and I have, therefore, made the
motion which is now submitted to the Senate.
The question being taken on the amendment
by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 10, nays £5; as
follows:
YEAS—Mes«rs, Atchison, Benjamin, Chafe, Dawson,
Dodge of Iowa, Fitzpatrick, Hunter, Jones of Tennessee,
Piatt, and Toucey—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Brodhead, Brown,Clay-
ton, Cooper, Dodge of Wisconsin, Foot, James, Johnson,
Mallory, Morton, Noiris, Pettit, Rusk, Sebastian, Shdell,
Smart, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky,Toombs, Wade,
Walker, Weller, and Williams—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CHASE. I believe it is the universal wish
of the Senate, in which probablv every Senator
concurs, to give to the Globe a full compensation
for the printing of the proceedings and debates of
the Senate. I certainly ctmcur m that wish; and
in voting for the amendment of the Senator from
Louisiana, I did not mean to be understood as
having any different opinion; but I do desire to
submit one or two suggestions to the Senate in
reference to this matter, which I hope may meet
their concurrence.
It is stated that by taking from the Globe this
number of additional copies we shall secure to it
a sufficient profit to indemnify it fully for the cost
of publication, and leave a reasonable compensa-
tion to the proprietor. That is the object which
we all desire to secure. Now, sir, if some such
amendment as that offered by the Senator froi$
Louisiana, coupled with a provision authorizing
the Committee on Printing to contract with the
proprietor of the Globe to furnish his paper to
each of the different newspaper establishments in
the country, could be adopted, it would'secure the
full object of giving him an ample compensation,
while it would effect that which some Senators
seem to desire—to reduce the number of copies
given to each individual member.
Mr. WELLER. He furnishes to seven eighths
now. ' • ,
Mr. CHASE. I know he furnishes now, at a
very considerable cost, an exchange to a great
number, not, however, anything like seven eighths
of the newspapers.
Mr. WELLER. I should have said seven
tenths.
Mr. CHASE. Not, I think, more than one
quarter. But, Mr. President, if we provide for
supplying this publication to all the papers in the
Union, at some reasonable cost, to he ascertained
on a conference between the proprietor of the
Globe and the Committee on Printing, the effect
would be that the authorized report of the speeches
of every Senator would go, not merely to the audi-
ence here, and not merely to the audience supplied
by the Globe, but to an audience composed of the
editorial corps of the whole country. They
would be furnished at once with the means of
knowing exactly what transpires in this Chamber
and in the other House, and they would have it
in their power tofurnish such portions ofit to their
readers as they should see fit.
I do not wish to detain the Senate, but simply
to throw out these suggestions, and to submit the
amendment of the Senator from Louisiana in con-
nection with an additional provision. I will barely
say, that the price can be so graduated that the
cost to this body will be no greater than the cost
which we propose to incur by printing the whole
number. The provision which I submit, in con-
nection with the amendment of the Senatorfrom
Louisiana, is the following :
"And that the Committee on Printing be authorized to
contract with the proprietor of the Globe for furnishing a
copy of the Congressional or Daily Globe to each news-
paper establishment in the Uhued States."
Mr WELLER.' At vrhat price?
Mr. PRATT. I suppt that will be a cost of
half a million of dollars at 'east. The Daily Globe
is now furnished, I undersund from its publisher,
and certainly without profit vo him, at five dollars*
a year. I suppose, if you tase every press in the
country to which the amendment applies, and
send a copy of the Globe to it, he could not, of*
course, be required to send it at a less price than
he is now giving it to us—five dollars a copy; and
that would cost, 1 guess, if I may be,permitted,
without being a Yankee, to guess, at least half a
million dollars.
Mr. MALLORY. Can the Senator from Ohio
