512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
sin. I do not know what part of the State he comes
from 
A Member. From Milwaukie.
Mr. LETCHER., Yes, from Milwaukie. He
told us that he was opposed to this bill; that he
had opposed it in committee, but that he intended
to wait, under an understanding with his colleagues
here, to see whether a contract was to be executed.
What contract? What contract has been made
between these parties ? What is the understand-
ing alluded to, by which the vote of a member
upon a proposition he disapproves of, is so influ-
enced that it may be cast in favor of it, provided
other parties will do something as an equivalent?
Mr. EASTMAN. I feel it my duty to inter-
rupt the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Virginia yield the floor?
Mr. LETCHER. Oh, certainly. I shall not
practice on him what he wanted to practice on me.
Mr. EASTMAN. I desire to correct a state-
ment of fact, and to set the gentleman right as he
goes along. I did not understand my colleague as
saying what the gentleman has put into his mouthy
and with the leave of the House, I will read what
he did say. Mr. Wells said:
"The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] has
called upon me to say whether I acquiesce in this measure.
I would reply that I have been opposed 10 it. I opposed it
before the committee. I have no hesitation in saying that
it is generally considered as unfavorable to the Milwaukie
and Lake Shore interests. The bill, having passed the Sen-
ate, came to the Hou^e. The majority ot the committee
were in favor of it. The rest of the delegation from Wis-
consin were known to advocate its passage; and I had con-
cluded not to make open opposition to it on this floor, with
the understanding that my colleague would al<o remain
silent, and that we should leave the House to pass upon its
merits, after both sides had been fairly presented by those
not immediately interested. I have adopted tliih course,
too, in the hope that it would se.curo a favorable considera-
tion to other hills, which would directly benefit the interests
which I more immediately represent.
That is what he did say.
A Member. Ah! but there was something
more after that.
Mr. LETCHER. Wait a moment, and I will
read it for the gentleman.
Mr. EASTMAN. Yes, he went on further to
say, in answer to a question whether he would
vote for the bill:
" I suppose I have the right to answer affirmatively, or
negatively, or neither. In the present condition of things,
I prefer not to answer at ajl, but to wait the further action
of the Hout>e."
Now, where is the contract that the gentleman
alluded to? As for me, I know of no contract. I
have made no contract. I state, as I stated be-
fore, that I live in a remote part of the State. I
am as favorable to one railroad as I am to another;
to the Milwaukie and Mississippi road as I am to
this, and to this as I am to that; but what I say is,
that one should not be passed at the expense of
the other. I have made no contract. I am above
contracts. I um not to be bought.
Mr. LETCHER. Here is what the gentleman
omitted to read:
"Mr. Disney. I desire to ask the gentleman from Wis-
consin whether he intends to vote foi the bill now under
eon«iidersition ?
"Mr. Wells. I have some question about it."
Why had Mr. Wells " some question" about
it? Had not healreadyacknowledgedthathe was
opposed to the hill ? So great was his opposition
to it, that he even went before the committee and
manifested his opposition to it by seeking to de-
feat its introduction into this House by its passage
through that committee. What, then, is it that
induces him to announce to this House that he
has i( some question about it?" Is it the mere
fact that he and the other gentleman from Wis-
consin had agreed that neither should say any-
thing? And, by the way, with that agreement,
how comes it that he [Mr. Eastman] makes a
speech to-day in favor of the bill, and then moves
the previous question? How can that be ex-
plained ?
Mr. EASTMAN. I apprehend that there is
more than one gentleman froth Wisconsin. Does
he allude to me'
Mr. LETCHER. There are three here. I take
it the gentleman on the other side of the House is
in for it rather deeper than you are, from all I can
see. [Laughter.]
But, sir, the gentleman over the way telis us
that there is nothing in this bill which is calculated
to conflict with the interests already created by
legislative acts in the State of Wisconsin in the es-
tablishment other roads. Now, I shall endeavor
to satisfy the House, from a map which I have
before me, that there is a direct and positive con-
flict; and that if Congress shall step in and pass
this bill in the shape in which it has been intro-
duced into this House, it will lend itself to the
accomplishment of a destruction of the private
rights and the pecuniary interests of various indi-
viduals on the line of the Milwaukie and Madison
road, which have been embarked in that scheme.
What is it they propose to do? Under this bill
they propose to grant lands to a railroad which is
called the Rock River and Union Valley railroad,
that commences at Chicago and runs northwest
to the town of Janesville. Then, sir, it runs
northeast to Fond du Lac. Then it runs nearly
in a north direction for some twenty miles. Then
it runs in rather a northwesterly direction, some-
what zigzag, to the point on Lake Superior.
Why is it, I ask, when a road is projected, (the
Mississippi and Lake Shore Railroad,) from the
town of Chicago direct to Fond du Lac, a distance
of one hundred and forty or one hundred and fifty
miles, that they are seeking by this road to estab-
lish another between the same points by running
around through the interior so as to avoid the
harbors and the cities located on the lake shore?
In our country, and I imagine even in the State
of Ohio, in which the chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands lives, there is a feeling of State
pride. There is an anxious desire on the part
even of the gentleman himself to build up Cincin-
nati as the great commercial, the great business
point, the chief city for the State of Ohio. You
would never find him here making a war on a city
within the limits of his own State for the purpose
of carrying the trade out of it over to Louisville,
in the State of my friend who sits near me, [Mr.
Preston.] Yet wehavethisanomaly here. Here
are two representatives of Wisconsin on this floor
warring on Milwaukie and the other cities of their
own State, situated on the lake shore, for the pur-
pose of building up Chicago, in the State of Illinois.
What is the interest of this Government ? Is
it not to make connections between the harbors
on the lakes and the back country? Should not
that be the great object it should have in view ? Is
it not the great interest with the Government
itself, in the event of difficulty or foreign troubles,
to have its connections with its own harbors, so
that it can transport whatever is to be sent to
those points into the interior of the country? But
the Government here is asked not to adopt that
policy, but to disregard it, and to go for the estab-
lishment of another road, which runs some sixty
miles at one point from the lake shore, and thirty
miles at another point from the same lake shore.
Now, will any gentleman tell me that it is the in-
terest of this Government to make appropriations
of that sort?
But let me test these gentlemen still farther.
They say that there is no conflict by this scheme
with the private inteiests of those who have em-
barked their means in the construction of this Mil-
waukie and Madison railroad on the farms of
those living along the line of it. Mortgages, as I
understand, are now subsisting. The only hope
for the redemption of these mortgages, and the
relief of the land-holders, is by the profits which
they anticipate upon the completion of the Mil-
waukie and Madison road. From Janesville to
Madison is about fifty or sixty miles, and the
proposed road runs nearly parallel with the line of
the Milwaukie and Madison railroad. Twelve
miles is the furthest point that those lines are apart;
so that there will be an average distance between
them of something like six miles.
Mr. EASTMAN. The distance to Madison
from the point indicated is not fifty or sixty miles.
It is not above thirty.
Mr. LETCHER. Then the scale of the map
must be wrong.
Mr. EASTMAN. At most it is not over forty
miles from Janesville to Madison. If the gentle-
man will deduct twelve from forty, how will he
make the distance fifty or sixty? If he wants to
make it that distance, he must lengthen the route.
Mr. LETCHER. Here then is a conflict of
interests. Here is the Government asked to fur-
nish lands to this Rock River Union Valley Rail-
road Company for the purpose of enabling them
to make a parallel line ft om Janesville to the town
of Madison;.and yet gentlemen say that it can-
not produce any conflict of interest; that it will do
no harm to the Madison and Milwaukie railroad. I
put it to the common sense of every gentleman in
this House, if there is even a show of plausibility
in such a statement?
Mr. DISNEY. Has not the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Letcher] yet learned that I have
this morning offered an amendment to the bill,
which specially and specifically provides that this
road shall not obtain one acre of land from the
Government on the line of the road between the
town of Madison and the southern boundary of
the State of Wisconsin ?
Mr. LETCHER. One thing at a time. If the
gentleman [Mr. Disney] will have patience, I will
soon get to that amendment, and show that, as the
gentleman himself says, it is no great affair after
all.
Now, sir, I think 1 have shown that there is
a conflict of interest. Then there is another
consideration. There is not a foot of public land,
as I am imformed, in the city of Chicago, in Illi-
nois, where this road commences, until you get
beyond Madison, a distance of perhaps one hun-
dred and fifty or sixty miles.
Then take the other line of the proposed road.
There are no public lands till you get twenty
miles above Fond du Lac. So, here they are run-
ning a road for one hundred and ninety miles in
one direction to that point, and one hundred and
fifty or one hundred and sixty miles in another
direction, through a country where there is not a
foot of public lands; and yet the gentleman over
the way offers an amendment which he thinks
meets exactly that state of the case.
[A message was here received from the Presi-
dent ofthe United States, by thehandsof Sydney
Webster, Esq., his Private Secretary, informing
the House that he had signed certain bills and joint
resolutions.]
Mr. LETCHER. I understand that this Rock
River Union Valley Railroad Company, like a great
many other railroad companies scattered through-
out the country, is in a dilapidated condition. It is
thought by most people to be approaching a state
of insolvency; and I have heard it intimated that
even the iron which had been bought for this Rock
River Union Valley Railroad was actually sold to
raise the means to help those gentlemen who are
employed to manage the matter and secure the
passage of the bill through this House. What ia
the meaning of this proposition, offered under
these circumstances, by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands? Here it is:
" Provided that the road herein provided for shall not
be construed to extend to any land on the line of the said
road between the town of Madison and the southern bound-
ary ot the State of Wisconsin."
Or, in other words, between the town of Mad-
ison and the city of Chicago. That is the begin-
ning: point.
Now, suppose you give them the land above
Madison on one line, and above Fond du Lac on
the other line. Could they not, if the concern is
insolvent, as it is said, raise the wind by a pledge
of the lands as security, and apply the money to
make the road? Does the amendment provide
against anything of that sort? Not at all. But
if the gentleman [Mr. Disney] had said here that
, he proposed to amend the bill by requiring that
the road should start at Fond du Lac, or twenty
miles above it, where the public lands begin, and
that land should be donated for six miles on either
side of the road, or for fifteen miles in the contin-
gency stated, and should be applied to the con-
j struction of the road from that point to its ter-
minus at Lake Superior, and that the lands so
granted should not be pledged in any way, nor
any of the proceeds arising therefrom used to aid
in constructing the line between Madison and
Janesville, or the line between Fond du Lac and
Chicago. But, sir, the object of this bill is to re-
vive the credit of this company, and thus enable
it to break down private interests, and subject
those interested in the Madison and Milwaukie
railroad to serious pecuniary loss.
Mr. DISNEY, (interrupting.) I wish to in-
quire of the gentleman if he ever read a very cele-
brated chapter in one of Fielding's novels, in
which the author undertakes to show that a man
can write the better for knowing something of the
subject upon which he attempts to write ? It is
verv interesting.
♦Apropos, has the gentleman from Virginia read
