1222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
inform us how many newspaper establishments
there are in the United States ?
Mr. CHASE. A little over six thousand; and
then, taking the estimateof my friend from Mary-
land, and multiplying six thousand by five, the
■whole cost would be $30,000. So much for the
estimate of half a million. But it is not neces-
sary to give five dollars. You can give a smaller
amount, but enough still to yield a profit. I
merely wish to submit it. I do not feel any par-
ticular interest in it. I wish it to be coupled,
however, with the amendment of the Senator from
Louisiana.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That has been voted down.
Mr. BADQ-ER. This will soon be with it.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Louisiana has not been
agreed to.
Mr. CHASE. I ask to have mine read in
connection with the amendment of the Senator
from Louisiana. That has been voted down, it is
true, but I adopt it as part of my amendment,
and it becomes a substantive proposition.
Mr. BADGER. You put the two together.
. Mr. CHASE. Yes. My proposition is to
strike out "five thousand and twenty-two,"and in-
sert "two thousand five hundred and eleven,"
and then to add'the provision which I have stated,
so as to make it read:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and he is
hereby, directed to contract with thepropnetorot the Globe
for two thousand five hundred and eleven copies of the
Congressional Globe and Appendix for the present Con-
gress; and that the Committee on Printing he authorized to
eontiact with the proprietor of ihr Globe for funiNunj* a
copy of the Congressional or Daily Globe to each news-
paper establishment in the United States.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the second branch of the resolu-
tion, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and he
is hereby, directed to contract with the propnetoi of the
Globe for five thousand and twenty-two copies of the Con-
gressional Globe and Appendix for the present Congress.
Mr. RUSK called for the yeas and nays on the
resolution; and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21), nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Benj.-vmn, Brodhead,
Brown, Chase* Clayton, Cooper, l)odj*e of Wi^counn,
Foot, Gwin, Hunter, Jairie>, Johnson, Ma I lory, Morton,
Norns, Pettit, Pratt, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart, Smnnei,
Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, YVade, Walker, Wal-
ler, and Williams—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Dawson, Dodge of Iowa,
Fitzpatuck, Jones of Tennessee, Ru--k, and Toucey—7,
So it was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 18, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
RIGHTS OP NEUTRALS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report from the Secretary of State,
with accompanying papers, in answer to the res-
olution of the House of Representatives of the 1st
instant.
Mr. DEAN. These papers refer, I presume,
to the Black Warrior affair ?
The SPEAKER. I do not think that they do.
The letter of the Secretary of State will be read.
The letter of the Secretary, which was read,
states that, in accordance with the resolution of
the House of Representatives of the 1st instant,
he had transmitted the papers embraced in the
correspondence which passed between this Gov-
ernment and foreign Governments on the subject
of the rights accorded by declaration or otherwise
to neutrals, and the rights claimed by belligerents
in the war pending between certain European
"Powers.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the message and
accompanying papers be referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, and printed.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
SUPERINTENDENT OF ARMORIES.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. The commit-
tee appointed by this House, some time ago, to
inquire into the propriety of selecting military
officers to superintend national works, have con-
cluded that part of their duty relating to national
armories, imd have directed me to ask the unani-
mous consent of the House that the testimony
and documents in reference to that subject may be
ordered to be printed. The committee desire it
for their own convenience while making up their
report and prosecuting the investigation. It will
not require to be reprinted.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
The SPEAKER stated that the question first
in order was the consideration of the bill reported
from the Committee on Public Lands, " granting
lands equally to the several States to aid in the
construction of railroads, and for the support of
schools," and that the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Hamilton] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. HAMILTON. L yield the floor to the
gentleman from Illinois.
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS BILL.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS BILL. .
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on thfcstateof theUnion, (Mr. Olds in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of House
bill No. 23G, ** to organize the Territories of "Ne-
braska and Kansas.5' *
Mr. BANKS spoke in opposition to the bill,
tie argued that wherever the Government got the
right to acquire territory there they got the right
to control it. He contended that the present Con-
| gress could not say upon what terms additional
' territory should be acquired. The people here-
after would determine the question for themselves.
Let the past stand, and let the future, when it
comes, be decided by the people who shall then
have the power and control.
They were called upon to repeal the Missouri
compromise because it was said to be unjust to
the South. All he had to say in reply was, that
the South made it, and he denied that it was un-
just or unequal, as regarded the South. Every
southern man had the same right to carry his
property to these Territories as the North had.
But then southern gentlemen said that they had a
class of property which was only made so by local
or municipal laws, and that they were prohibited
from taking this kind of property to these Terri-
tories. All he had to say was, that this prohibi-
tion was their own, and for this prohibition they
had already received their advantages. They of
the North did not believe it was the right of the
southern States, under the Constitution, to carry
this species of property to theseTerritories, unless
there was a statute there, either of Congress or
of the people, establishing it.
He then argued to prove the constitutionality of
the Missouri act of 1820, and said that although
this bill admitted the right of the people to govern
themselves, it practically denied them the power
to do so.
Mr. MILLER, of Missouri, alluded to the
objection made to the bill, that its passage would
violate solemn Indian treaties. He denied that
such would be its effect, and maintained that the
bill did not propose to violate any treaty with any
tribe, not even the smallest.
He then answered the objection that the South
now proposed to violate a solemn compact, en-
tered into m 1820. He thought this charge came
wfth an ill grace from thegentiemen of the North,
especially those who were the successors of the
men who were anxious to violate a solemn treaty
made with France in 1803—the one'by which this
Territory was acquired—by attempting to drive a
portion of that property from* the limits of the
State of Missouri, which France had expressly
guarantied should be secured to the inhabitants
who possessed it.
He then made an argument to prove that the
North had imposed this restriction—theMissouri
line—upon the South, and replied to various ar-
guments advanced by his colleague, [Mr. Ben-
ton.]
Mr. PARKER next addressed the committee.
He referred to the fact that he was elected on the
compromise of 1850, oyer a candidate who advo-
cated its repeal; but, (said he,) had it been most
remotely surmised that that compromise in any
way affected that of 1820,1 verily believe I could
not have mustered two hui dred votes out of the
fifteen thousand which were cast.
| He believed it was a woful mistake to suppose
; that this .bill would drive agitation from the Halls
! of Congress. It might scare it hence, but only to
j send it forth to perpetrate its ravages over the
| whole of this broad land to return here once more '
! to distract the councils of the nation. There were
f too many reminiscences connected with the com-
j promise of 1820 to allow its repeal to be quietly
perpetrated.
It was the duty of members to leave this ques-
tion where it was at the commencement of the
present session, before the demon of discord was
again unchained to scatter his firebrands among
them.
He contended that the bill did not contain the
principle of popular sovereignty, and declared that
the effect of its passage would be to break down
the present barrier which kept slavery outof these
Territories, thus allowing it to go there.
Mr. PECKHAM said he had ever been a na-
tional Democrat, and had ever been what is tech-
nically called "a Hard." He was so still. He
was no politician. He came to this House against
his own judgment and inclination, surrendering
both to the wishes of his-friends; and therefore
he would speak for himself alone, and not for any
others.
He then alluded to the course heretofore pursued
by the *« Hards," saying the Administration had
proscribed its friends and rewarded its enemies;
and he complained of the action of southern men
towards that portion of the Democratic party.
The Administration could lay down no Demo-
cratic course for him; but if it could, it would not
be difficult at all to find himself standing some-
where with the Administration on this bill; for
the Administration had been on every side of it.
The Administration >yas said to be a unit; but this
was a gross hbel. It could only be a unit on the
cohesive power of public plunder. The members
composing the Cabinet are as much opposed to
one another in principle as the Tuik is to Nthe
Christian, and the Jew is to the Gentile. Another
figure would better describe it. Though it may
not be a unit, it is a cipher;.
He then proceeded to speak of the subject under
consideration; and said, in the course of his re-
marks, if the Missouri compromise, as it had been
argued, was void, whence the propriety of declar-
ing it null. Let the question be decided by the
Supreme Court of the United States. He did not
believe in the principle of squatter sovereignty.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee, obtained the
floor.
Mr. SAGE. If the gentleman will give way,
I will move that the committee take a recess.
Mr. TAYLOR. Certainly, I will yield for
that purpose.
Mr. SAGE. Then I move that the committee
take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentlemari
permit me to make a single remark?
[Cries of " Hear him !"]
Mr. SAGE. I will hear the gentleman.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not know how
many gentlemen there are who desire to speak
upon this bill. It is, however, very desirable
that an opportunity to be heard should be afforded
to all; and when we came back here last night,
we had but one speech. It would be better,
therefore, unless it would be too great an incon-
venience to the gentleman from Tennessee, who
has the floor, that he should proceed now, with
the understanding that we will go on and speak
until eight or nine o'clock to-night.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would rather have a recess.
A great many of us have had no dinner yet.
Mr. SAGE. I insist on my motion.
The question was then taken on Mr. Sage's
motion, and it was agreed to nem. dis.; and there-
upon (at five minutes after four o'clock, p. m.)
the committee took a recess.
EVENING SESSION.
The committee resumed its session at seven
o'clock, p. m., (Mr. Olds in the chair.)
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee, being entitled to
the floor, rose to address the committee.
