2080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2.
eMal; but it is for a new work. The money
which it proposes to appropriate is not to be ex-
pended towards the completion of a work already
commenced under ^ the antecedent policy of the
Government, but it is for the commencement of a
new work. I shall be compelled, in order to
secure the advantages which this bill does give
towards the completion of the works already com-
menced, to vote against this amendment, as well as
every other amendment that may be offered.
There is one other consideration which I desire
to submit. Under the present condition of your
Army you cannot man your forts. Those already
established upon the Mississippi river, above
New Orleans, have not more than one old man in
them to sweep them out. If you should go to
war with Spain, it could send over from Cuba a
sufficient force, before we could And men to man
them, to take them; and it would require millions
of dollars to be expended by the Government for
the purpose of getting them out. The true policy,
therefore, I think, would be to enlarge the Army,
so as to put some force in the forts already exist-
ing.
Mr. SLIDELLi I know how -precious time
is, and I shall detain the Senate but a moment.
The Senator from Maryland objects to the amend-
ment, on the ground that it is for the commence-
ment of a new work. There are several other
items of the same character in this bill. I will
not say another word on the amendment. I will
simply ask the Secretary to read the letter from !
the Engineer Department on the subject. I
- -The Secretary read it, as follows: '
Engineer Department, > :
Washington, i81/1 March,-1854. $ j
Sir.: In answer to-the letter ot the Military Committee 1
of the Senate, inclosing resolution of the Senate, instruct- !
ing them to inquire into the expediency of making an appro- \
priaUoft for the construction of a fortification at or near 1
Proetorsvilie, Louisiana, referred to this office for report, j
I have the honor to state that the importance of construct- ,
„ing as speedily as possible a small defensive work at Proc j
Landing has been frequently urged by tins Depart- j
On this subject, I beg to refer to my annual report, dated I
November 1st, 1845, m which it is stated, as to Proctor's
Landing: j
"From the landing above named to the city of New
Orleans, a distance of about twenty-eight miles, there is a ;
beautiful road, one of the best in the State; and not a sin- I
gle obstacle, natural or artificial, now exists, to prevent or !
impede an enemy debarking at Proctor's from marching [
troops of all kinds, with baggage and artillery, directly up :
to the city ; and there is nothing, moreover, to prevent his j
reaching that landing place in boats. An expedition fol- !
lowing this route would encounter none of the impedi- !
meats which the English found to be nearly insurmount-
able in the route they followed in approaching the city. I
Why the defense of this avenue was not provided lor in '
the system proposed by General Bernard, I have not been :
able to divine. At any rate, now that the other channels
of approach arc for the most part provided with adequate
fortifications, this demand* an immediate attention. The
defenses should consist of an inaccessible tower of capacity
sufficient to accommodate a small garrison j'and an exterior
battery competent by its fire to prevent the approach of
boats, for both which an estimate will accompany this re- 1
port. It is presumed Congress will not hesitate to grant j
the proper appropriation." ;
In a letter to the Secretary of War, December 27, 1845, j
it is stated: l
**Proctor's Landing is without defense; but as'an excel- S
lent road leads from this landing place directly to the city 1
—distance twenty-eight miles—it is of the first importance I
that it should be occupied without delay, and we only i
await the sanction of Congress. The defense should be a ,
strong tower surrounded by a battery." |
In a letter to the Secretary of War, February 27, 1846, |
the Department had occasion to report as follows in answer j
to a call from the Senate for information as to the project |
for defense at the place in question : ;
"In the spring of 1841, 011 a personal examination made j
by rae of the environs of ft evv Orleans, I became satisfied :
that an avenue which had been entirely neglected, if not 1
overlooked, was in fact one of the most practicable routes •
to the city, arid one most easily availed of by an enemy. ;
The attention of the Government wan accordingly directed >
to this circumstance, as well as to the probability that other !
undefended approaches might also exist, to settle which ,
doubt an accurate reconnoissance was recommended of all j
that region. This reeonnoissance, subsequent surveys of I
the particular locality, and an examination made by me m j
person, having confirmed the first impression, this Depart
ment has two or three times, in its reports to the Secretary j
of War, repeated its vipws as to the necessity of a work at ;
the point mentioned."
In a letter to the same functionary, April 3,1846 •
" Next, at the southern end of Lake Boique, is Piocior's ;
.Landing, from which point a good road conducts to the -
city. Works have been projected for the defeiwe here, but
their erection has not yet been- authorized by Congress.
They should be begun and finished as soon as possible.'' ;
The above quotations are given to show the opinions on f
this subject entertained for several years in this Depart-
ment, and the anxious desire to secure their favorable con- 1
■Bideration by the Government.
I have now only to add, that a grant, at the present see- '
sion, of $30,000 for the proposed tower and battery, would
be regarded as a very important contribution to the security
of the city of New Orleans, enabling us to enter very effect-
ually upon the commencement of the work.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, JOSEPH G. TOTTEN,
Brevet Brigadier General United States Engineers.
Hon. Jeff. Davis, Secretary of War.
The question was taken on the amendment; and
it was rejected—ayes 8, noes not counted.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; and the question was stated to be,
" Shall the bill be read a third time?"
Mr. CHASE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will let
the bill be ordered to its third reading, and ask
the yeas and nays on its passage.
Mr. CHASE. That will answer my purpose.
The bill was ordered to a third reading. It
was read a third time; and on the question of its
passage, the yeas and nays were ordered and
taken, and resulted—yeas35, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Bayard, Bell, Benja-
min, Brodhead, Butler, Clay, Clayton, Cooper, Dawson,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Evans, Fessenden,
Fish, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Geyer, Hunter, James, Johnson,
Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Morton,
Pearce, Pratt, Rockwell, Sebastian, Seward, Slidell, Stu-
art, Walker, Weller—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Bright, Brown, Chase, Gillette, Hous-
ton, Rusk, Sumner, Toombs, and Wade—9.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the Post Office
appropriation bill.
Mr.*MASON. I submit to my colleague that
we ought to go into Executive session for twenty
minutes. The Senate is now full, and it is very
dak-able to have an Executive session.
Mr. HUNTER. If we go into Executive ses-
sion, we shall spend the remainder of the day
there, and have no time for the appropriation
bills. I shall be willing in the evening to go into
Executive session, if we can have the morning for
the appropriation bill. The House will soon get
through with the civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill, and then they will ha*eno other Mjpro-
priation bill on which they can be acting.
Mr. MASON. My colleague knows that late
in the evening we cannot get a full Senate, and,
therefore, I ask that we may go into Executive
session now. I hope the motion of my'colleague
will not prevail.
Mr. H.UNTER. I hope the question will be
Mr. SEWARD. I think we shall be able to
get out of Executive session in twenty minutes, if
we go in now. If we wait until night, we may
be in a great deal longer. I hope, therefore, the
motion of the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance will not be agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I think it is to be presumed
that there will be a full attendance of Senators
here all day. We are near the close of the ses-
sion, and it is known that it is necessary to have
a full attendance in order to transact the public
business. The best way in which we can divide
our time is to take upthe appropriation bills now.
Mr. STUART. Let us have a vote. We
spend more time in talking about what to do than
it would take to dispose of a great deal of busi-
ness.
Mr. Hunter's motion was agreed to; ayes 20,
noes 17. The Senate accordingly, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the bill
from the House of Representatives, making ap-
propriations for the service of the Post Office De-
partment for the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1855.
Mr. RUSK. I am instructed by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads to offer several
amendments. The first is to add the followiug as
a new section:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That hereafter the
Postmaster General be authorized and directed to continue
the matl service between Charleston, Key West, and Ha-
vana during Augiraand September by a competent steamer,
as it is now being performed during ten months of the year,
and that to enable him to do so $10,000 are heieby appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
piopriated.
The contract at present furnishes the mail be-
tween Key West and Havana for ten months in
the year. For two months, the most important
time of the year, the mails are not carried under
the present contract. The amendment only au-
thorizes the filling of it up. It would give twenty-
six mails, at all eveijts, to Key West during the
year.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. MALLORY. The amendment authorizes
the Postmaster General, as I understand it, to
carry the mails two months in the year, when
they are not now carried. I will say to the Sen-
ate, in relation to it, that the town to be supplied
with the mails by the appropriation, is the largest
town in the State. The population is three thou-
sand. It is the county seat. It has a military
station also. It contains military barracks; and
they have, in progress of construction, two large
fortifications. A number of smaller places are
dependent upon this place for mails, and ithas now
but twenty mails per annum.
Mr. BAYARD. My objection to the amend-
ment is, that it ought to be in the post route bill.
There is nothing like it in this bill. It is not of-
fered in its proper place here. 1 shall therefore
vote against it without knowing whether such a
provision ought to be made or not. This is a
mere appropriation bill in every respect, and the
amendment is to establish a poslyroute.
The question was taken by yeas and nays, and
resulted—yeas 34, nays 9; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Benjamin, Brown, Butler, Chase,
Clay, Cooper, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Evans, Fes-
senden, Fitzpatnck, Geyer, Houston, Hunter, James, John-
son, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Mftrton,
Pettit, Pratt, Rockwell, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart, Sumner,
Toombs, Wade, Walker, and Weller—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Bayard, Bright, Brod-
head, Clayton, Fish, Gillette, Pearce, and Rusk—9.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I am directed, by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
For the creation of post routes, as contained in the bill
passed at the present session of Congress establishing routes,
$1,000.
That is according to the estimate of the Depart-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I offer the following amendment:
Sec. —. *&nd be it further enacted, That there be allowed
and paid to the postmaster of Washington city, District of
Columbia, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, a commission of one mill per pound upon the
aggregate weight of the public documents printed by order
of Congress, and deposited in the office of the said post-
master to be mailed; said allowance to commence with the
fiscal year beginning July 1,1853, and be computed for the
first year, from the ascertained weight for the month of
January, 1854 ; and that said postmaster be required to pay
out of said commissions to the clerks and other employees
in his office a sum not exceeding $250 per annum, as com-
pensation for the extra labor performed by them in the as-
sortment and mailing of said documents; and that be be re-
quired to account for and settle with the Post Office De-
partment for the disbursement of those commissions, and
any surplus that may remain, in the same manner as is now
required m the settlement of his other accounts.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope we shall not put that
matter in this general appropriation bill. We
ought not to touch the question of the compensa-
tion of clerks and postmasters in this bill. If we
begin with the question of the compensation of
postmasters, I do not know where we shall find
ourselves, i hope the amendment will not be
agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. The compensation of postmasters
and clerks everywhere, except in the city of Wash-
ington, has been provided for by a bill which we
have passed. These clerks, as appears from the
evidence before the committee, labor as hard as
any clerks in the city of Washington. They have
several times petitioned to be put upon the same
footing with the clerks in the Department, but inas-
much as they do not belong to the Department,
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
believed it best to put them on an equality with
other clerks in the city of Washington, or as near
as may be so by this method. It will be a very
small charge on the immense amount of printed
matter which passes through the office. They
have very laborious duties to perform, and their
salaries are very low. One thing will result from
the adoption of this amendment, you will as-
certain precisely the amount of matter which'
passes through the city of Washington, which is
very important.
Mr. PRATT. Before my honorable friend
takes his seat, I shall be glad' to know what jvili
be the probable addition to the compensation of the
clerks by this amendment?
