THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2, 1854.
New Series....No. 131.
Mr. RUSK. They are to get a mill on every
pound of public documents sent through the office.
Mr. PRATT. What will that pay all the em-
ployees in the post office?
Mr. RUSK. I have an estimate here, from
which an idea may be formed. Prom the ac-
count which was kept for the month of January,
1854, of letters and documents sent through the
post office of Washington city by the members of
the Senate and House of Representatives, they
were found to be as follows: There were sent
through the office, franked by members of Con-
gress, seventy-seven thousand seven hundred and
twenty-seven letters, weighing thr* thousand
four hundred and forty-six pounds, the postage
of which, prepaid, would have been $4,663 44.
In the same month six hundred and ninety-three
thousand five hundred and eight pounds of public
documents were sent, the postage on which, at
the prepaid rates, would have been $100,961 20.
That is for one month. The number of clerks
and employees in the office is thirty. The chief
clerk has a salary of $1,800 a year. Then there is
one clerk at a salary of $1,500, three at a salary
of $1,400, one at a salary of §1,300, two at a sal-
ary of $1,150, two at $1,000, two at $900, and
sixteen all under $900, getting about $750 each.
Mr. BAYARD. I trust this amendment will
not be adopted. It relates merely to the increase
of compensation of the postmaster and clerks, in
my judgment without any sufficient data as to
extent to which you are going to increase it. You
are going to pay at the rate of a cent on every
pound.
Mr. RUSK. A mill.
Mr. BAYARD. A mill on every pound of
public documents. They are franked, and car-
ried without cost to individuals, but are a charge
on the Government. You are going to increase
that cost, and without, as I see, any sufficient
data to justify the increase. - We have no evi-
dence here of what is the compensation of the
postmaster of Washington, which justifies making
this increase, nor is there any sufficient data to
show to what extent the increa^ will go. Further,
the amendment is retrospective. It goes back to
the 1st of July, 1853. I moved the other day, by
the instruction of the Committee on Public Build-
ings, at the request of the Postmaster General, an
amendment to th^civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill, for the purpose of the enlargement of
the post office, which, according to the statement
made by him, was absolutely requisite for the
convenience of the public officers. It was voted
down without a moment's hesitation. Here you
propose to increase the pay of officers whose com-
pensation is already quite sufficient, I should pre-
sume, from the ordinary emoluments of post-
masters, and the quantity of business transacted
here, and to increase it not only by paying them
for the future, but it is retrospective in its opera-
tion, and that, too, in an ordinary appropriation
bill. I think if this matter is to be allowed, if
this change is to be made in the mode of compen-
sation of the postmaster here, there are other
cases in which changes also might be desirable.
But if it is desirable, it ought to come up in a sep-
arate bill, where it would be more maturely con-
sidered. I am opposed to the amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 hope that the amendment
will be agreed to. The clerks in the city post
office are the only employees of the Govern-
ment in Washington, that have not had their com-
pensation increased. We can find no better place
in which to increase it than in this bill. It will
produce no difficulty at all.
Mr. EVANS. 1 desire to say a word in re-
gard to the amendment. Is there any occasion
for an increase of salaries, when for every vacancy
there are fifty applications ? My motion is that
you should give a salary which will compensate,
and which will induce competent men to take the
office. Now, it is notorious that for every vacancy
there are at least fifty applications. These people
work till three o'clock and no longer. The argu-
ment, if it proved anything, would prove that you
needed an additional number. They work till
131
three o'clock, and then the office is closed, and
they do not work afterwards.
Mr. RUSK. If the Senator will allow me,
they work about twelve hours a day. This is
not afi amendment in relation to the clerks of the
Post Office Department. It relates to those in the
city post office, and they work more than twelve
hours a day.
Mr. MORTON. Being a member of the com-
mittee who reported the amendment, I beg leave
to say a few words. I know not whether this be
the proper bill in which to introduce an amend-
ment of this kind or not, or whether this is the
proper manner for increasing the compensation of
the clerks; but this I know full well: there is no
corps of clerks in the employ of the Government
more competent, and who perform more laborious
duties, than the corps of clerks in the Washington
city post office. Thismodeof compensating them
will be no direct draft on the Treasury. The
whole amount, if distributed between them, will
not be more than $250 to each as the increase of
their compensation. They labor from twelve to
fourteen hours per day, and many of them fifteen
or twenty hours. Many of them receive less than
§800 each per annum. I presume there is no ap-
propriation bill more proper in which to introduce
the amendment than the post office bill itself. I
shall certainly vote for the amendment, unless
Senators will suggest a more proper bill in which
it should be placed.
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. WALKER. I hope the amendment will
be agreed to. Our documents have to be distrib-
uted at this point. From here they are radiated
all over the country. These clerks are certainly
more poorly paid than any other clerks in this
city, and the mode of compensation proposed is
more just than any other—this being, for the ex-
tra labor, only the small pittance of one mill on
the pound, as mentioned in the amendment. The
aggregate eannot go beyond the increase men-
tioned, for if the amount in the weight of the
public documents should go beyond that, they
cannot receive for it. For one, I shall vote for it
cordially. I hope it may be adopted.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not think it exactly ap-
plies to the extra labor. I presume the case
occurs to other members of Congress as it does to
myself. All the documents, at least during the
short session, are sent to me here in one bag.
The labor is performed by the local officers in my
State. That is constantly done during the short
session.
The question was taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment; and resulted—yeas 27, nays 11;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Benjamin, Brodhead,
Brown, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Fessenden, Fish,
Fitzpatrick, Gillette, Houston, James, Johnson, Jones of
Iowa, Jon s of Tennessee, Mallory, Morton, Rockwell,
Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Stuart, Sumner, Toucey, Wade,
and Walker—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bayard, Bright,Chase, Clay,
Clayton, Foot, Geyer, Hunter, Pratt, and Toombs—11.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I have another amendment, to
which I think there will not be a dissenting voice:
Sec. —. Jlnd.be it further enacted, That Uie surviving
late Vice President of the United States shall have, during
his life, the same authority to frank letters and other mail
matter, which he possessed while in offlce.and the same
authonty shall belong to the future Vice Presidents after
they go out of office.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. 1 propose the following amend-
ment:
Seo. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authorized to increase the
salaries of the route agents, provided such increase shall not
exceed twenty per cenl. increase on Uieir present salaries
respectively.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall not put amend-
ments incieasing salaries on this bill. I think we
| have as much on it as we can carry,
j Mr. RUSK. I hope the amendment will be
i adopted.
Mr. STUART. I think it ought to give the
Postmaster General a discretion Under it, as it
now stands, he will be obliged to give all the route
agents the increase at the same rate.
Mr. RUSK. He is authorized to increase their
salaries.
Mr. STUART. I think there should be addi-
tional words to the effect, that he shall increase
them to such amount as he shall deem necessary,
not exceeding the twenty per cent.
Mr. RUSK. That is what is in the amend-
ment.
Mr. STUART. I think under it, as it now
stands, he would have to raise all alike.
Mr. RUSK. No, sir.
Mr. STUART. It appears so to me.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not see that these officers
have any more claim to an increase of salary than
sny others engaged in the various departments
outside the city of Washington. This ought to
be a subject of general legislation', ani I do not
think that we ought to discriminate in favor of one
set of employees, and neglect all the others. We
have not time to go into the subject now in a gen-
eral bill, and I think we ought not to act on it
partially.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Texas whether the Postmaster Gen-
eral has not now the power to increase the com-
pensation of the route agents ? Do they now receive
all that they are entitled to receive by law?
Mr. STUART. I propose to amend the amend-
ment, by inserting the word "such" before "route
agents, "and adding the words, " as he may think
proper;" so as to make the amendment read, in
effect, that he may increase the pay of such route
agents as he thinks proper, provided the amount
shall not go beyond twenty per cent.
Mr. RUSK. I accept that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The question then is on agreeing
to the amendment as modified.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. RUSK. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For transportation of the mails from Vera Cruz, by way
of Acapulco, to San Francisco, twice a month, under the
contract made by the Postmaster General with Abert C.
Ramsey and Edward H. Carrmck, §10,000: Provided,
Nothing herein contained sliall be so construed as to sanc-
tion said contract for a longer period than until the 1st
day of January, 1855, and no part of said appropriation
shall be used until the said Kamsey and Carmiek shall sig-
nify to the Postmaster General, in writing, their acquies-
cence in the tenor of this proviso : Jlnd provided further,
That said contractors be required to alternate with the
mails now earned by way of Panama.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear some
explanation of that.
Mr. RUSK. Some two years ago there was
a general lav/ passed, authorizing the Postmaster
General, whenever he saw proper, to advertise
for the transportation of the United States mails
through any foreign country, from one part of
the United States to another. Under the pro-
visions of that law, the Postmaster General—Mr.
Hubbard, I believe, was in that office at the time—
advertised for the transportation of the mails be-
tween New Orleans and San Francisco. There
were a number of bids receiveef. I think the
Nicaragua company proposed to carry the mails
i twice a month between New Orleans and San
Francisco, in something over twenty days, for
$240,000.
Mr. SEWARD. By what route'
Mr. RUSK. By the Nicaragua route. The in-
dividuals named in the amendment, proposed to
carry it from Vera Cruz to Acapulco, and from
there to San Francisco, so as to reach it in seven-
teen days. I think that was the time. The report
of the Postmaster General will show it. They
made one trip, and came within the time prescribed
by the Postmaster General, under their bid for
$424,000,1 believe it was. The Postmaster Gen-
eral entered into a contract with them, which was
not to be of binding force and effect unless it was
sanctioned by Congress, and an appropriation
made to carry it out. The contract was made on
