1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1223
The number of members present at this time
was vety small indeed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. With the permission of
the gentleman, i will move that the committee do
now rise. *
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee yield the floor for that motion?
Mr. TAYLOR. Certainly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. U is of no use to speak to
such a " beggarly account of empty boxes" as
this.
The question was put on Mr. Campbell's
motion; and, oil a division, there were—ayes 7,
noes 8.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. LINDLEY. I desire to say a few words
to the committee, and I am not particular about
the number of the audience.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will yield the floor to the
gentleman from Missouri, if I can resume it wh'en
he has concluded.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection,
that arrangement will be made.
No objection was made.
Mr. LINDLEY (Mr. Taylor, of Tennessee,
having yielded the floor) submitted some remarks
in vindication of the policy of granting alternate
sections of land to aid in the construction of rail-
roads, and more particularly in support of the bill
donating land to the Northern Missouri railroad.
He said that he introduced this bill at the early :
part of the session, and it was referred to the Com- :
mittee on Public Lands, whom he hud good reason
to believe would favorably report upon it. The
cost of this road would be about $7,000,000. The
State of Missouri had ioaned her credit to the en-
terprise to the amount of about ^2,000,000. Up-
wards of $2,000,000 had also been subscribed by
counties and individuals, and it was believed that
the aid now asked from the Government, some
half million of acres of the public land, would in-
sure the success of the roau.
He showed the benefit which would accrue to
the counties situated on the line of the proposed
road, and complained of the hostile feeling exhib-
ited by gentlemen of the eastern States towards the
West. \
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee, said he told his
constituents before he came to this House that he
was in favor of the organization of the Territories
of Kanzas and Nebraska ; and so he had been,
and so was. He had told some of his colleagues
when he came to the city that he was inclined to
support the Kansas and Nebraska bill; but he had
not then investigated all us bearings, and the
drift of the whole subject. Never, until he came
hither, had he had an opportunity to read the bill
now under consideration.
He, in the outset of this contest, desired, if he
could consistently with his judgment and con-
science, go for the Kansas and Nebraska organi-
zation's offered by the Senate to the House. But
it was due to his position as a member of this
body, it was due from him as a representative of
an independentconstituency, thatheshould inves-
tigate calmly, clearly, and dispassionately, the
whole merits of the question; and now he h^d to
state that he had made that investigation, and that
every step he had taken, from beginning to end,
had brought him nearer and nearer to a conclu-
sion; and at last, to the conclusion that this bill
embodies in it elements that are ruinous to the
peace of the country, ruinous to the interests of
the South, ruinous to the harmony of the Union,
and a violation of the pledges, oral and written,
made by the two great parties of this country,
and by the President, and violative of the best
interests of the whole country. He regretted ex-
ceedingly, but he could not avoid the rupture on
this subject which was made in the delegation of
the State which he had, in part, the honor to rep-
resent. However, he would vote against this bill,
if he stood solitary and alone. He repeated, he
was in favor of organizing governments for those
Territories, but not for the repeal of the Missouri
■compromise. Right there, he said, we divide.
He asked by what authority can Congress re-
peal the act of 1820? What right has Congress
to touch that sacred and solemn compact, or com-
• promise made by our fathers, some of whom now
sleep beneath the sod of the valley? Have gen-
tlemen the authority of their constituents? Did
any gentleman here agitate this question before
he was elected to Congress? Was there one? If
there was, he had never yet heard of the man.
He challenged any gentleman to show his creden-
tials to justify him in voting for the proposed re-
peal.
He could see no hardship to the South from
this act. So far from injuring, it was one of the
great elements of prosperity. It was adopted as
the basis of permanent peace to the Union. He
answered the charge that the compromise was
unconstitutional. If so, let the proper tribunal de-
cide the question. It had been acquiesced in for
thirty-four long years, as a qionument of tho.^e
who had passed it, to be as durable as the Gov-
ernment itself; and its authors were canonized as
the saviors of their country He proceeded to
show that the acts of 1820 and 1850 are part and
parcel of one and the same policy, which isasold
as the Government itself, adopted alike by wise
men, and are perfectly consistent and homogene-
ous. They aie a final settlement, in principle and
substance, of the questions to which they refer.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts, took
the floor,and controverted the argument that this
bill, if passed, would be the means of withdraw-
ing slavery agitation from the Halls of Congress.
Slavery, he said, was ro connected with thp Gov-
ernment of the country, and with its industrial
resources, that it had all the elements of a national
question—a question that was to be met, not at
our firesides, riot m the Legislatures of the States,
but here, in these Halls of legislation. It had
always been so from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment, and it would always be so, as long as
the Union should continue.
The Missouri compromise was a settlement of
the conflicting claims of the two sections at the
time of its adoption. It was a settlement binding
upon both parties. It was understood to bean
adjustment of the whole question, and was con-
sidered a fair and equal settlement between the
two sections. He maintained that the South had
been fairly dealt with by the North, although it
was now said that northern men attempted to
break the compromise of 1820 in the subsequent
year.
The North, in attempting to exclude Missouri,
then, did what was right and proper, as the con-
stitution of that State prohibited free negroes from
cominginto her territory, which was in violation
of that provision of the Constitution of the United
States which allowed a citizen of one State to go
into another State—free negroes being citizens of
someof the northern States. This point heargued
at length.
Mr. LETCHER replied to charges that Vir-
ginia had been illiberal towards the West, in re-
fusing, through her Representatives, to grant that
section of the country lands for railroad schemes,
Virginia considers the public lands as having been
ceded to the General Government for the purpose
of being sold for the benefit of all the States of the
Union. He commented upon the schemers and
lobby members coming to this city to bore and
engineer for such grants, and to have the duties
on railroad iron remitted to benefit certain railroad
companies. He likewise alluded to the existing
abuses in relation to custom-houses, on the sub-
ject of which, he said, the House would soon be
called to act, there being appropriations in the
deficiency bill for those purposes.
Mr. MEACHAM addressed the House in de-
fense of the New England clergymen, who had
petitioned Congress on the slavery question.
Mr. KERR made some remarks, in reply to
Mr. Meaciiam, touching and censuring the con-
duct of the clergy in their interference, in a cleri-
cal capacity, with the legislation of Congress upon
the Nebraska question.
Mr. CHURCH WELL here resumed the floor.
Mr. SEYMOUR. If the gentleman will yield,
I will move that the committee rise.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I yield.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I make that motion.
The question was put; and the motion agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; $nd the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman pro
tempore of the committee (Mr. Wright, of Penn-
sylvania) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, had, according
to order, Ijad the state of the Union generally un-
der consideration, and more particularly House
bill No. 236, to organize the Territories of Ne-
braska and Kansas, and had come to no conclu-
sion thereon.
Mr. PRINGLE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put; and the motion agreed to.
The House accordingly, at eleven o'clock,
(twenty-five minutes, p. m.,) adjourned until to-
morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 19,1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
Th e Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The PRESIDENT. This is private bill day,
and no other business can be received except oy
the unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. COOPER. I ask unanimous consent to
lay upon the table, with a view of having it
printed, a substitute which I intend to propose for
the bill allowing a credit for a limited period for
duties on railroad iron imported into the United
States.
There being no objection, it was received inform-
ally, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented the
memorial of John D. Gibson, praying for com-
missions on his disbursements as acting purser of
the United States schooner Enterprise; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of the inhab-
itants of Tallmadge, Ohio, remonstrating against
the extension of slavery by the passage of the
Nebraska bill; which was ordered to he on the
table.
Also, two petitions of inhabitants of the United
States, praying the passage of the homestead bill;
which were ordered to he on the table.
REPORTS FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. PETTIT, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom were referred the follow-
ing petitions and bill, submitted adverse reports
thereon; which were ordered to be printed:
Petition of Sarah D. Brigham, praying permis-
sion to locate land within the limits of the Bas-
trop claim;
Petition of F. A. Underwood 'and H. A. Crane,
heirs of Jehu Underwood, praying the confirma-
tion of their title to certain land; and
Bill to confirm the claim of John Ervin to a
certain tract of land in the Bastrop grant.
THE STEAMSHIP WASHINGTON.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be requested
to inquire into the expediency of presenting to Captain
Fitch, (he ofiicei>, and crew ol' the American steamship
Washington, some proper testimonial ol the sornsp enter-
tained by Congress of their praiseworthy and gallant con-
duct in leseuing the crew and passengers of the American
phi|> Winchester, wrccked on her passage from Liverpool
t<  JSoston ; and that they do further inquire into the expe-
diency of providing by general Jaw for compensation to be
allowed to the owners, officers, and ciews of vessels aiding
in rescuing the crews and passengers of American vessels
from shipwreck.
j UNITED STATES COURTS IN LOUISIANA.
! Mr. BENJAMIN. Before the private bills
! are taken up 1 ask the unanimous consent of the
i Senate to allow me to present, and have passed
: at this time, a bill of which I gave notice a few
' days ago. It is a matter of local concern to my
! State. It is a bill " regulating the time of holding
j the sessions of the district and circuit courts of
the United States in the eastern district ofLouis-
i iana." The bill has been prepared in accordance
1 with the views of the judges of the district and
1 circuit courts, who desire the passage of the bill,
S as well as the bar and the people of the State.
| Leave to introduce the bill was granted, and by
1 unanimous consent, it was read a first and second
i time, and considered as in Committee of the
i Whole.
j It proposes to direct that there shall hereafter
I be annually only three staled sessions of the dis-
trict court of the United States for the eastern dis-
trict of Louisiana, which shall be held at New
Orleans on the third Mondays of November,
February, and May, but the judge of that court
is authorized to adjourn any stated session to any
time previous to the next stated session, whenever
he may deem it expedient. It also provides that
i the fall term of the circuit court of the United
