2082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
\
the 3d of March, as well as I remember, when
Congress had no time to act upon the subject. It
was a part of the system of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, at that time, to have a mail from New Orleans
to Vera Cruz. That mail is now going on, and
being carried, I believe, for $69,000, though 1 do
not remember the exact sum. These gentlemen,
after they had performed one trip, called for the
mails at the different termini of the route, but they
were refused to them on various grounds, which
will be found stated in the Postmaster General's
report of this year. He declined to make the con-
tract because of the unsettled state of Mexico. He
said nothing about Congress not having sanctioned
it; but he did not like to risk the valuable mails
going to California by this route, from what in-
formation he had of thestateofMexico. Theterms
were that they were to transport the mails from
Acapulco to San Francisco in appropriate vessels,
vessels of the same character as those in which
other mails are carried. Under these circum-
stances the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, have instructed me to offer this amend-
ment, which, if adopted, will enable this matter
to be decided. It is not to go beyond the first of
January .next, and places no obligation whatever
upon the Government beyond that period, because
there is a proviso attached to it, requiring the
parties to signify in writing, to the Postmaster
General, the acceptance of the terms before he is
allowed to use the appropriation.
Mr. SEWARD. Wiiat will be the saving of
time in the transportation ofthe mail between New
York, by New Orleans and San Francisco ?
Mr. RUSK. 1 think something over seven
days.
Mr. SEWARD. Seven days? It is a mere
experiment
Mr. HUNTER. What would be the expense
for a year?
Mr. RUSK. Four hundred and twenty-four
thousand dollars.
Mr. WELLER. I move to strike out the whole
amendment, and insert the following:
That the INMrnustcr General bp, arid lie is hereby, au-
thorized and directed to contract with the lowest and best
bidder, after the usual advertisement, for the transportation
of the uuui* of the United Slates fioni New York, Phila-
delphia, or Baltimore, and from New Orleans to San Fran-
cisco, also from San Franeweo to New York, Philadelphia,
or Baltimore, and to New Orleans, by the most expeditious*
and practicable route, the service to be performed semi-
monthly, and at such time*, under the direction of the
Postmaster General, as, in connection with other mail ser-
vice, will secure us near as practicable a weekly mail each
way between the points designated and determined upon :
Provided, T\ui the entire cost ot such service shall not
exceed $950,000 per annum.
Jindheit fiat her enacted, That no contract under the
provision* of this act <hnll be nude for a period of more
than four years, and that any contract so made may be de-
termined on three months previous notice from the Post-
maPtei General without loss to the Government; and it
shall be the duty of the Postmaster General to determine
any existing contracts for the .service lietem required, and
to make a new contract therefor whenever gieater expedi-
tion can be secured within the provisions of this act ox-
pressed.
And be it further enacted. That all laws, now in force,
authorizing the Postmaster General to asses* lineh 01 pen-
alties lor the non performance of mail contracts, shall be,
and the same are made, applicable to any contract made
in pursuance of this act.
I move that as a substitute to the amendment
proposed by the chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. It will be seen
that the only object which we .seek to obtain is a
weekly mail. We already have a semi-monthly
mail, which is provided for under a contract,
which cannot now be terminated. It is proposed
to leave this open to competition. There are va-
rious routes over which the mail may be carried
—the Tehuantepec route, the Honduras route,
and, also, the one advocated by the Senator from
Texas, the Ramsey route. This throws the whole
matter open to competition, and provides for a
semi-monthly mail, in addition to what we have,
nt a cost not to exceed $250,000 per annum. It
invites competition from all the various routes.
Our only object in the matter is, of course, to get
a mail. We are perfectly indifferent as to the
route over which it will pass. We consider it
just and fair, however, to allow those interested
in the different routes the opportunity of compet-
ing for the transportation I could go into other
explanations, but I know time is precious; and I
suppose the attention of the Senate has already
been directed to the importance of this subject.
Mr. HUNTER. I am unwilling to add to the
appropriations, which are already so large, in this
bill. It already appropriates $8,388,000, and that
is exclusive of the appropriation ii>r the ocean mail
steamers. It contains a provision that $2,344,464
shall be j5aid out of the Treasury of the United
States, to meet a deficiency. A great deal of this
expense is incurred in the California mail service.
1 think that we ought not to add to these appro-
priations which are already so large, unless there
is some great necessity for it, and if others are
added they ought to be distributed, perhaps, more
equally over the whole country; but the appro-
priations are already too large, and I cannot agree
to vote for anything to swell them further.
Mr. BRODHEAD. As a member of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, I desire
to state this case as I understand it. The first
question which arises is, will you increase the
mail service to California ? They now have semi-
monthly mails at a very considerable expense,
and the question is will you make it a weekly ser-
vice. At the close of the last Administration,
Ramsey and his partner entered into a conditional
contract to carry the mails from Vera Cruz, by
way of Acapulco, to San Francisco, for the term
of four years, for four hundred and twenty-odd
thousand dollars per annum, making it consider-
ably over a million of dollars for the four years.
But there was a provision that the contract was
not to go into effect until it was sanctioned by
Congress and an appropriation made in pursuance
of the contract. Under this contract, therefore,
these contractors had no right to demand pay, be-
cause it was not an effective contract. It was not
to be agreed to by both parties until an appropri-
ation was made. No appropriation was made.
The contract was negotiated in February, 1853,
and signed March 3,1853. It contained a condi-
tion that it was not to go into operation until
sanctioned by Congress and an appropriation
made. Now, the proposition of the honorable
Senator from Texas is to give them one quarter's
pay. Well, sir, we all know what that is. If
we pay them for one quarter, if we give the service
to this route for that time, of course we sanction
the contract for four years, at over four hundred
and twenty thousand dollars a year. That is the
plain, naked truth. The honorable Senator from
California submits a proposition, which will not
be at un expenditure of more than $250,000. He
throws it open to competition. Pie proposes that
the Postmaster General shall enter into a contract
to carry this mail semi-monthly, for a sum not
exceeding $250,000. I should like to know from
him whether the service can be performed for that
money ?
Mr. WELLER. I have not the slightest doubt
but that it can be got for a less sum than $250,000.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The question is, whether
we will allow over $420,000 or ^250,000. There
may be an obligation in equity to carry out the
contract with Ramsey. He is a highly honorable,
respectable gentleman, so far as I know, and I
know him very well. If there is an obligation
to carry out this contract with him, it should be
carried out. If there is not, we ought to adopt
the proposition of the Senator frotn California,
and give it to the lowest bidder. If we can save
over $200,000 a year, certainly we ought to do it.
With all my kind feelings for these contractors, I
cannot, as one of the guardians of the public
Treasury, give over $400,000 for mail services
which we can get for $250,000. It is very ques-
tionable whether we ought to make an appropria-
tion for this or not. The amount of money which
we pay to keep up the Government in California
is very large. I will not say but that I shall be
compelled, from a stern sense of duty, to vote
against a further appropriation for mail service in
California.
Mr. SEWARD. It seems to me that a single
remaik in connection with the amendment pro-
posed by the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, of which 1 have the honor to be a
member, will win for it the favorable consideration
of the Senate.
In the first place, we now have but a single
mail to California, and but a single mail between
the Atlantic and Pacific waters. This mail we
send round by way of Panama, and it is the best
we could do; for we have no railroad, and we
have no Nicaragua route. Though it was known
that the mails were carried on this route with ex-
pedition, under the circumstances, yet the com-
merce which now exists between these two points,
and which is daily increasing, required a much
more frequent dispatch of the mails; and for the
purpose of securing that, we have provided for
having their transmission across Tehuantepec.
That probably will quicken the service on both
routes. At this time the enterprise of a citizen of
Pennsylvania has established a route through a
part of Mexico which, of course, reduces the dis-
tance very considerably, and he at once assured
the Postmaster General that if a contract were
given to him he could reduce the time now allowed
for carrying the mails seven days, which was
about one quarter of the whole period employed.
He made a contract with the Postmaster General
in terms for §480,000, provided Congress should
make an appropriation for carrying the mails on
his route. This contractor made the experiment,,
and brought the mails from San Francisco to New
York in sPfren days less time than the other. It
has therefore been demonstrated, and*what has
been done before can be done now. It is very
important to have the mails carried by that route.
This gentleman came before the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads and asked for an ap-
propriation to fulfill the contract. The session is
now far advanced. The House has not yet acted
upon the subject, and the committee, well satis-
fied that it had been demonstrated by experiment,
concluded to give him a fair trial, one which
would be made before Congress met next session;
and they have, therefore, allowed him three
months—from now until the first day of January.
It will take him a month before he can put his
plan into operation, and he will then have three
months to fulfill his contract, at the end of which
time Congress will be in session, and can review
the whole subject and determine whether it will
give him the contract, or whether the plan pro-
posed by the Senator from California is the lowest
and best.
Now, there can be no objection to the passage
of this amendment. It is not giving him $420,000,
but is paying him for one quarter, with the pro-
viso that it shall not be taken as a preliminary
contract beyond one quarter's pay. Some honor-
able Senator proposes a larger sum, thinking that
it ought not to be too limited. I think it will be
sufficient. The Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads had that proposition before them, and
considering the *ate of the mail service, and the
present advanced stage of the session, have con-
cluded that it would not be wise and expedient to
recommend the adoption of that system at this
time, and have, therefore, provided that this con-
tract shall be ratified in so ftfir as to demonstrate
the necessity of the experiment. We shall then
have the light derived from this experiment before
us at the next session, and the whole matter will
then come up with a determination on our part to
revise the whole system, and to consider the vari-
ous propositions, including that of the honorable
Senator from California. I hope, therefore, that
the amendment of the committee will be adopted.
Mr. PRATT. I merely wish to state ljiy in-
formation on this subject without making %ny
speech about it. The practical effect of the two
propositions, as I understand them, is this: One
is to pay §424,000 to a particular company, the
other is to open thecontracts to the lowest bidder,
and limit the amount to $250,000. That is the
substitute offered by the Senator from California
to the amendment. I think the true policy would
be for all to vote for the amendment to the amend-
ment, and then those who may not think the
amendment right can vote it down.
Mr. WELLER. We have already a semi-
monthly mail to California, or rather to Oregon
by way of San Francisco, for which we pay in
theneighborhood of $800,000 annually, under the
contract commonly called the Aspinwall contract.
My proposition does not interfere with that, but
simply proposes that the Postmaster General shall
be authorized to receive propositions for the trans-
portation of a semi-monthly mail. It would give
us a weekly mail at a rate not exceeding $250,"000,
and it invites competition from all these various
routes, from the one proposed by the Senator from
Texas, as well as from the Tehuantepec, the Hon-
duras. or any other route.
Mr. COOPER. I am in favor of the substitute
proposed by the Senator from California. From
the information which I possess, I have no doubt
at all that the mail can be transported between
