1224
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
States for the eastern district of Louisiana shall
hereafter be held on the first Monday of Novem-
ber, instead of the third Monday in December, as
heretofore proyided by law.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
FLORIDA LAND DISTRICT.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands to report a bill to es-
tablish an additional land district in the State of
Florida.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the report will be received.
There was no objection.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. As it is a matter of
* very great interest to that section of country, and
has been somewhat delayed, I ask the Senate to
consider the bill now.
The bill was read a first and second time, by
unanimous consent, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to create all
that part of the present Tallahassee district lying
west of the line dividing ranges ten and eleven
west of the principal, meridian into a new land
district, the office of which is to be established at
such place as the President may from time to time
direct; and makes the usual provision for the ap-
pointment of the proper officers. It is not to go
into effect for at least six months after its .passage.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to*be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER. This is private bill day, I
believe. I rise to ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up the Indian appropriation
bill. The chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs thinks we can finish it to-day, if the Sen-
ate will take it up. I hope it may be the pleasure
of the Senate to take it up, so that we may dispose
©fit. The chairman [Mr. Sebastian] is here.
Mr. PRATT. There are one 01- two private
bills which I know the Senate will pass. They
are perhaps of as much importance as that bill.
I should prefer not to suspend the rule.
Mr. HUNTER. Of course I am in the power
of any Senator. Any one can defeat my propo-
sition.
Mr. PRATT. I hope at least we will com-
mence wjth the Private Calendar, and go on with
it for an hour.
Mr. HUNTER. If we begin with it, my fear
is that it will be gone on with, and we shall not
get up the Indian bill.
CONGRESSIONAL GfcOBE AND APPENDIX.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to enter a privileged
motion, to reconsider the vote on the proposition
of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Chase,] to pro-
vide for sending; a copy of the Congressional or
Daily Globe to the different papers in the United
States. I think that proposition requires more
consideration than it received at the hands of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT, Does the Senator propose
to reconsider the vote adopting the resolution?
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; only to vote upon the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of opinion
that the final vote must be reconsidered before that
can be reached.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not wish to reconsider
the final vote. .
Mr. BENJAMIN subsequently made the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the resolution
providing for an increased subscription to (he
Congressional Globe and Appendix Was adopled.
The PRESIDENT. Did the Senator vote with
the majority >
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT. The motion will be en-
tered.
Mr. WELLER. I desire also to move to re-
consider the vote by which the first branch of the
resolution, in relation to the'publication of the de-
bates in three of the city papers, was rejected.
The PRESIDENT. That motion will be en-
tered also.
WILLIAM G. RIDGELY'.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill for the relief of Wil-
liam Cr. Ridgely.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to audit the claim of William
G. Ridgely, for tobacco destroyed by the British
in 1814, at the warehouses at Nottingham and
Magruder's ferry, in Prince George's county, and
at Benedict, in Charles county, Maryland, and
from such proof as may be exhibited to them,
within six months after the passage of the act, to
ascertain the quantity and value of his tobacco so
destroyed, and to pay the amount so ascertained.
Mr. PRATT. This claimant is a resident of
the District of Columbia. The principle embraced
in the bill is identical with that embraced in the
bill for the relief of Hodges and Lansdale, which,
after full debate, was passed by the Senate some
four or five Fridays since. 1 do not propose to
discuss the claim. It is for tobacco destroyed at
the same warehouses, at the same times, and under
the same circumstances, as the tobacco for which
that claim wsb made. Senators who were here
when that bill was debated, will recollect the cir-
cumstances without having the report read; but I
merely wish to state, for the information of those
who were not here then, that the tobacco was
rolled out of the warehouses, used by our forces
as a breastwork from which the enemy were
fought, and that the evidence is that the tobacco
was destroyed by the British because of that user.
Such is the testimony. The question made by the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] now ab-
sent, was, whether the principle of the obligation
to pay, could apply to personal as well as real
property.
Mr. NORRIS called for the reading of the re-
port of the Committee on Claims, and it was read.
It sets forth that the facts are precisely the same
as those in the case of Hodges and Lansdale, for
whose relief a bill has already been passed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
On the question, " Shall the bill pass?" there
were, on a division—ayes 19, noes 9; no quorum
voting.
Mr. PRATT. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and taken
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Benjamin, Bright, Brodhead,
Riown, Cass, Chase, Clay, Cooper, Dawson, Dodge of
Wiy-consin, Dodge of Iowa, Foot, Morton, Pearce, Pettit,
Pr.ut, Rusk, Sebastian, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Wade, and WelJer—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Atchison, Fuzpatrick, Johnson,
Jones of Tennessee, Norns, Shields, Slidell, Sumner,
Toucey, Walker, and Williams—12.
So the bill was passed.
MOORE AND HASCALl/S PATENT.
The Senate, *as in-Committee of the Whole,
next proceeded to consider the bill for the relief
of Hiram Moore and .Tohn Hascall, which had
been reported from the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office.
It proposes to grant Moore & Hascall, and to
their heirs, assigns, and legal representatives, for
the term of fourteen years, from June 27, 1850,
the full and exclusive right and liberty of making,
constructing, using, and vending to others to lie
made or used, theimprovements for cutting, thresh-
ing, or cleaning grain, which were invented by
them, or either of them, and embraced in the
model, drawings, or specifications connected with
letters patent granted to them on the 28th of June,
1836, for a machine commonly known as " Moore
& Hascall's harvesting machine," together with
the improvements invented by them, or either of
them, in perfecting that machinc, -or any part
thereof, from the date of their original patent, to
the day from which the same is hereby renewed
and extended.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, the bill now
before the Senate is one of a great deal of import-
ance. It involves interests which I apprehend,
at first view, are not properly estimated by the
Senate. Upon several occasions I have felt it to
be my duty to make opposition to this bill, and I
find Jhe duty no less impeiatively imposed upon
me now. 1 regret, sir, that I feel this duty de-
volving upon me. I feel that the performance of
it is the more unpleasant, as this is known not to
be one of those subjects which elicit the attention
of the Senate; but I think that before this dis-
cussion is over, if I can get the attention of the
Senate, I can satisfy them that they ought not to
pass this bill; that they ought not to pass it for
considerations affecting deeply some of the most
important interests of the country, connected with
agriculture.
I shall, before the debate is over, go pretty
fully into this subject*, but at present I propose
to name but the points of objection, and then to
hear whether there be any explanation which ob-
viates the objections; and if not, that at all events
it may be shown that this is a case where an ex-
ception should exist to the general ideas and gen-
eral rules entertained upon such subjects.
The honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Stuart] has heretofore, in remarking upon the
course that I have pursued upon this bill, prom-
ised to the Senate that he could and would answer
the objections that I have taken to it, and satisfy
the Senate that there was nothing in those objec-
tions, and that we could with propriety, and ought
in justice, to pass the bill, and let it become a
law.
• Mr. President, the reading of the report in this
case, until you come to the last clause of it, gives
no idea of what the provisions of the bill are, nor
does that last clause give a sufficiently correct idea
of what are those provisions. From the reading
of almost the whole report, one would suppose
that this bill is but of the ordinary kind proposing
an extension of a patent; but it goes far, very far,
beyond that. It proposes,sir, not only to extend
the patent, but it proposes to add on to it, to splice
upon it, and make a part of it, any improvements
which may have been made by the parties claim-
ing the extension and the benefit under the bill,
for the last eighteen years, 1 believe'.
The enormity of this may not be seen at first
view. It may not be seen why these men should
not be entitled to have now granted to them, by
the legislation of Congress, what improvements
they have made during that period of time; but if
gentlemen will reflect, and that too but very
slightly, they will see how it may affect the com-
munity in the most injurious manner. Why, sir,
the time through which they are to be.permitted
to run back, and allege and show their improve-
ments, is more than the period for which a patent
will run; and consequently, anything that might
now be claimed, may have been claimed l^y others
in the mean time, and may have been patented by
them; and yet the provisions of this bill would
come in, and by legislation on the part of Con-
gress, set aside the acquired lights in the mean
time, and assign them over, transfer them from
those in whom they are now vested, to Moore &
Hascall.
That is the first objection—that it proposes, in
this sweeping manner, to renew to them not only
their patent, but to permit them to go back and
show anything which they may allege they have
invented during that time, and attach that to their
renewed patent, and give them the benefit of it for
the time proposed in the bill. To illustrate further
how this will operate, I will make this statement,
that it would be unnecessary, under this bill, for
these persons to manufacture a solitary machine
for the public. Why is this so? Why, just pass
the bill, and all that they will have to do is to be
perfectly still. Why so? They know and feel,
or they can know and feel, that there is already
invested in the manufacture of harvesting machines
a capital sufficient to make it the interest of alrhost
every person engaged in agriculture, or any manu-
facturer of agricultural implements, to compromise
with them, and pay them more than the manufac-
turing of their machines would amount to.
The fact is, and it shall come out in the debate
before we are done, that these parties claim every
important part now embraced in any other reaping
machine. If they claim it before the Patent,Office,
of course they will endeavor to prove it; and if
they prove it, of -course they will get attached to
their extended patent every important part that is
contained in any other reaping machine. When
that is done, how will others go on and manufac-
ture reaping machines? If they cannot do it with-
out infringing this renewed patent, then, of course,
they are at the mercy of these parties; they have*
to render obedience to the renewed patent and the
law under which it is renewed. The result will
be that, without establishing a manufactory, with-
out manufacturing one of the machines, they can,
by their injunctions, suppress the manufacture, or
compel those engaged in the manufacture to pay
a tribute to them. They can do not only this;
but, during the harvesting time, when the agricul-
turist is engaged in the harvest, they can go and
