1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2088
New York and San Francisco for the amount pro-
posed in the substitute. lam satisfied that a semi-
monthly mail can be transported for $250,01)0 per
annum, and that the company which is now en-
gaged in the trade of that country between San
Francisco and New York, is ready, at any time,
to make a contract with the Government to carry
the mail upon those terms. I have no doubt of it
whatever,
Mr. BENJAMIN. I only wish to make a sug-
gestion on one point, in relation to this matter. I
believe it will be found, after all that has been said
in rela'tion to the treaty concluded with Mexico,
that the most valuable of all the acquisitions made
by it has been the right of way across the Isthmus
of Tehuanteppc for the passengers and the mails
•of the United States. I have no objection to the
amendment of the Senator from California, as it
stands-, but I do not think that it provides suffi-
ciently for a preference in favor of such a route as
may agree to carry the mails within "the shortest
time. I think not only economy in money, but
in time, is equally to be desired, and ought to be
provided for. I am satisfied that the mail could
be carried between San Francisco and New Or-
leans regularly in thirteen days by the Isthmus of
Tehuantepec. I am not at all indisposed to let the
snail be carried by way of Vera Cruz and Acapulco,
as long as that shall be the speediest route, and
when they can be carried by that route in a rea-
sonable time. But I desire, in making provision
for future contracts, that the Postmaster General
shall be instructed to look not merely at the sum
which the transportation of the mail will cost, but;
also at the length of time it will take. I think
time ought to be taken into consideration rather
than money, in the making of such a contract,
although, of course, both must be duly regarded.
I shall, therefore, if the Senator from California
will accept such an amendment, offer a proviso,
that the Postmaster General be instructed, in en-
tering into the contract, to make the element of
time—speed—one of the main guides in forming
the contract, as much so as the price which shall
be paid for the transportation.
Mr. WELLER. I have no doubt that the
Postmaster General, in making the contract, will
consider that very important element, time, as
well as the amount to be paid. 1 have no objec-
tion. however, to accept such a modification as
•the Senator from Louisiana suggests. 1 have
proposed my amendment because I think, in de-
termining upon the matter, the contract should
look to that as well as to the amount to be paid.
My only object, of course, is to get a mail weekly,
and in the shortesj time that it can be carried. 1
have no partiality for any route. I have not the
slightest iiterest or personal feeling in it. I have
no prejudice against any one of them. I simply
desire that my constituents shall get a mail at the
lowest rate at which it can be obtained, and in
the very shortest possible time.
Mr. RUSK. I shall vote against the substitute
of the Senator from California, and if it be adopted
to the amendment of the committee, I shall vote
against the whole, for the reason that I think it
would be bad policy to make a permanent con-
tract at the present moment, over which we should
not have future control, or which would subject
us to a claim for damages. I take issue, and shall
do so at the proper time, with the statement of
the honorable Senator from Louisiana, that the
most important acquisition made by the late treaty
with Mexico was the route across Tehuantepec.
I do not by any means depreciate that transit
way, but that is but a small article in the scale of
advantages acquired by the treaty with Mexico.
There were three matters included in it infinitely
superior to this route across Tehuantepec. One
was the release from the eleventh article of the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo; another was the
right of way which it gives us over our own ter-
ritory, to aid our own possessions on the Pacific
ocean; and the other, and not an inconsiderable
one, was that the treaty itself is worth infinitely
more than the whole sum paid.
The amendment of the committee proposes to
keep this matter entirely under the control of Con-
gress. The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
is mistaken when he supposes that it sanctions a
contract for the term of four years for $420,000.
It makes an appropriation of $5 0,000, which would
be the pay for one quarter's service, according to
the amount allowed by the contract.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I intended to say, and to
be understood as saying, that the effect of it would
be to sanction the entire contract, because if 1
allow these gentlemen a quarter'ssalary, and they
put their stock on the route from Vera Cruz to
Acapulco, some three hundred miles, and have
their steamboats in operation, I should not be
willing to abandon or drive them off. It must re-
sult in loss to them, and it would be wrong to
allow them one quarter'ssalary without continuing
the contract. We ought to continue the contract
if we allow a quarter's salary.
Mr. RUSK. The answer to that whole argu-
ment is found in the proviso to the amendment:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall he so con-
strued as to sanction said contract for a ereater period than
until the first day of January, 1855, and no part of said
appiopiiatioii shall be used until said Ramsey and Carmick
shall signify to the Postmaster General, in writing, their
acquiescence in the terms of this proviso.
Mr. WELLER. I have this remark to make
in answer to the Senator from Texas, who affirms
that we are placing this contract beyond our con-
trol. By the express provision of my amendment
this thing is guarded against:
That no contract under the provisions of this act shall be
made for a period of'Jess than four years, and that any con-
tract so made may be determined on three months'previous
notice from the Postmaster General without loss to the
Government: and it shall be the duty of the Postmaster
General to determine any contract for the seryice, and make
a new contract therefor, whenever greater expedition can
be secured wilhm the provisions expressed in tins act.
Now, sir, upon three months' notice, by my
amendment, the contract, if one be made, can be
terminated at the very moment it is ascertained
that a more expeditious^route can be secured. Is
there anything more fair or just than that? It is
simply an authority to the Postmaster General to
make a contract; and if that route subsequently
be found a slow one, or if a new one be opened,
over which the mail can be more expeditiously
transported, he is compelled by the terms of the
amendment to terminate the contract. It is not
left discretionary with the company. We do not
choose to put it in that condition; but it is made
the imperative duty of the Postmaster General,
when a more expeditious route is discovered, to
terminate the old contract. It all resolves itself
into this: If the Senate are willing to establish a
weekly mail to California, this amendment ought
to be adopted. Upon many of the routes in the
old States of the Union you have three daily
mails; upon some of them you have as high as
four mails per day. We ask for the establishment
of a weekly mail; and if you have concluded to
give us one,let competition be invited from all the
routes within the limits prescribed by the amend-
ment.
I do net desire to enter into a discussion of the
relative merits of the routes. I may have my
own views upon the subject, but I am very sure
I have no prejudices against either route. My
only solicitude is to have the mail transmitted in
the shortest time, and at the lowest possible ex-
pense, either by the way of the Vera Cruz, Tehu-
antepec, Honduras, or any other route. I am
willing to leave it open to competition from all
the parties interested in the different routes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from California accept the modification sug-
gested by the Senator from Louisiana?
Mr. WELLER. I should like to hear it read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is to add the following:
Provided, however, That in all contracts for earning
the mail under the provisions of this act, the Postmaster
Genera] shall have due regard as well to the length of
time as to the co«t of carrying the mail*; takmg both sub-
jects into consideration m making the contract.
Mr. WELLER. I accept that.
Mr. HUNTER. As I paid before,! shall vote
against increasing the appropriations under this
bill. We have already appropriated for mail trans-
portation to California $730,000, according to the
renort of the Postmaster General.
Mr. WELLER. X think the Senator is mis-
taken in that. That is an appropriation to cairy
the mail from New York to Ore&on, stopping, of
course, at San Francisco; but this route was orig-
inally intended to transport the mail from New
York to Oregon Territory. I do not know why
the Senator charges the State of California with
the §731,000 which is appropriated upon that
route.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I say, from the Atlantic
to the Pacific coast, and I repeat it, we already
pay for that service $731,000. I am unwilling
to add to the already very large appropriations
contained in this bill, for additional services any-
where. In relation to the two propositions which
are now in competition with each other, I should
be at a loss to decide. At first, I thought the
proposition of the Senator from California had the
superior merit of leaving it to the lowest bidder;
but I do not know how that will turn out, because
we are to pay according to time as well as dis-
tance; and when you come to apply that, I do not
know how it will turn out.
Mr. BRODHEAD. No, sir; it says that the
contract is not to exceed $250,000, if I understand
it; so that the Postmaster General, in no event,
can go over the $250,000; but I am of opinion that
this whole subject should go over until the next
session.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. CASS. I understand this amendment au-
thorizes the advertising for the contract. I shall
vote aye.
The question was taken by yeas and nays; and
resulted—yeas 32, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Bayard, Bell, Ben-
jamin, Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Cass, Chase, Clay,
Cooper, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Evan*, Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Gillette, Hunter, James, Jones
of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Morton, Pearce,
Pratt, Rockwell, Shdell,Stuart, and Weller—32.
NAYS—Mcpsi*. Clayton, Fish, Foot, Johnson, Pettit,
Ru&k, Seward, Toombs, Wade, and Walker—10.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the question recurred on the amendment
of the committee, as amended.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The question now is,
whether we shall increase the mail service at this
session for California. For my part, I am against
it.
Mr. WALKER. So am I. 1 ask for the yeas
and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and taken,
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Cass, Cooper,
Dawson, Jones of Tennessee, Thompson of Kentucky,
and Weller—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bright, Brodhead, Brown,
Butler, Chase, Clay, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Evans, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Gillette, Houston, Hunter,
James, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Morton, Peaice, Rock-
well, Rusk, Seward, Stuart, Sumner, Toombs, Wade, and
Walker—28.
So the amendment, as amended, was rejected.
Mr. RUSK. I offer the following amendment:
To enable the Postmaster General to purchase the patent
of the clam-shell padlock, should he be of opinion the pub
lie service requires it, $5,000.
1 have a long statement here from the Post-
master General. At his request the amendment
is offered. There is now great difficulty in pro-
curing a lock which cannot be knocked open. He
thinks that under the arrangement, with $5,000,
he can procure the patent of that lock, and under
the present laws nobody else will be entitled to
use it. He says in his communication that it is
the only lock that has never been knocked open.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I believe that is all right.
Mr. PRATT. There is one part of it which
I cannot understand. Why give $5,000 to make
an experiment on a lock ?
Mr. RUSK. It is not an experiment.
Mr. PRATT. Very well; I do not care. Why
have a lock at all? You must depend upon the
honesty of the man who carries the maif, that he
will not take the trouble to knock it opejn. He
can cut the bag open, if he is dishonest.
Mr. RUSK. They can open the common
locks; all these mail locks I have examined my-
self. The locks which they have had in use until
recently, and which they have had to throw aside,
can be knocked open by a stick. I have seen it
done; they shut with a spring, and parties can
open the lock, examine the contents of the mail,
and then lock it again, so that they may do that
without detection. These are the only ones, lam
informed by the Post Office Department, that can-
not be so deranged, and they have been in use for
a number of years.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, RUSK. I have one more amendment
which I will read and explain. I hope there will
be no objection to it.
Jlndbeit further ox acted, That the Postmaster General
be, and he is hereby, authorized to pay to Cranston Laurie
a rea&onable compensation for performing the duties of two
