516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
But here every grant of power is defined. Many powers
not ceded to the General Government are expressly
withheld to the States and people; and right is, m my
opinion, given to promote the " general welfare" by grant-
ing money or lands, but m the exercise of specific powers
not granted and in the modes prescribed by the Constitu
tion.
In fine, if the Government, on the principles of strict
construction of the Constitution, cannot be prosperously
administered, it requires no spirit of prophecy to foresee,
that, in a few brief years, in a new crisis approaching, and
before indicated, it must, as a Confederation, probably
cease to be administered at all. It will, in my judgment,
become a Government Qf usurped, alarming, undefined
powers; and the sacred rights of the States will become
overshadowed in total eclipse. When that catastiophe
more nearly approaches, unless the great parties to the
Government shall arouse, and in some way interfere and
rescue it from consolidation, it will follow, as darkness does
the day, that the Government ends like all Republics of
olden times, either in anarchy or despotism.]
Mr. EASTMAN. In the few remarks I made
some time since, relative to the action of Governor
Farwell, I wish it to be distinctly understood that
1 did not at all impugn his motives. I am happy
to have it in my power to say that he would not
state anything which he did not believe to be cor-
rect. He is as honorable and high-minded a gen-
tleman as there-is in the State of Wisconsin. His
honor and integrity are unimpeachable. I did
not mean to be understood as impugning his mo-
tives at all, but merely to call the attention of the
House to the folly of placing the mere recollec-
tion of an individual against the acts of the Legis-
lature, placed upon the records of the State.
' "With reference to the Secretary of the State of
Wisconsin, I have also to say that he is a highly
honorable gentleman, and is above anything of
the kind charged by the gentleman from Virginia.
I know him well, and I know that he would scorn
any act of that kind; and that although all the
wealth of the State was offered him for that pur-
pose, he would reject the offer with indignation.
In what I have said in relation to this whole
matter, I have attempted merely to call the atten-
tion of the House to thequestion as presented be-
tween the different parties. The opposition of the
gentleman from Virginia is to the whole scheme.
It is not that he is opposed to this particular grant,
but that he is opposed to all such grants. It is
not that he dislikes to vote for a grant of land to
the Rock River Union Valley railroad; because
I presume that he would vote as readily for a grant
to this road, as for one to the lake shore road.
Mr. LETCHER. Not by a long shot. [Laugh-
ter.] 1 know nothing at all of Governor Farwell,
or of the Secretary of State, or any of these gen-
tlemen, except from what little 1 have seen of
them within the last day or two in this city. I
have been introduced to them, and found them
agreeable gentlemen. I know nothing of their
characters, except so far as one may judge from
their deportment. Their deportment impressed me
favorably, and inclined me to repose confidence in
them. The remarks which the gentleman from
Wisconsin has made, disclaiming any reflection
on Governor Farwell, show that the letter of that
gentleman is entitled to very great respect. That
is all I have to say.
Mr. DISNEY. I do not rise to make a speech.
I desire merely to make a single remark. The
motion that I submitted this morning for the pre-
vious question was made, as I stated at the time,
upon the importunity of many gentlemen around
me, contrary to my own wishes and judgment.
My desire with regard to this bill has been to
bring it up and present it for full and free discus-
sion in every aspect in which the case can possi-
bly be considered. I am satisfied that Ihe decis-
ion on this bill will present a fair test of the sense
of the House as to the propriety of grants of this
kind. I desire to test the sense of the House upon
it. Inasmuch as so much time has been consumed
already in the discussion of this bill, I am op-
posed to its reference to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. But I want
a fair examination of it, and before the debate
closes I intend to avail myself of my privilege
and reply, as far as I am able, to all the objections
to the bill which have been presented, and espe-
cially to the speech which has been delivered this
morning by the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. DEAN. The gentleman from Virginia has
now been heard in opposition to the bill, and sev-
eral gentlemen have been heard in its favor. I
think the debate has gone on long enough, and I
ask the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
bill upon the table; and upon that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES. We cannot get through with
the vote before the time arrives which has been
fixed upon for the election of a printer. 1 there-
fore move that Ae further consideration of the bill
be postponed till to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES. Well, I will withdraw the mo-
tion to postpone, and let the vote go on.
The question was then taken on the motion to lay
the bill upon the table; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 76, nays 101.
So the bill was not laid upon the table. Pre-
vious to the announcement by the Speaker of the
vote, Messrs. Grow, Ingersoll, and Elliott, not
having been within the bar when their names were
called, asked the unanimous consent of the House
to vote, but objection was made. Mr. Ingersoll
stated that if allowed he would have voted in the
affirmative.
ELECTION OF A PUBLIC PRINTER.
The SPEAKER. The moment has arrived for
the election of a public printer for the House of
Representatives under its order. Nominations are
in order.
Mr. ORR. I respectfully nominate Judge A.
0. P. Nicholson.
Mr. CHANDLER. I nominate Mr. Joseph
Gales.
Mr. EWING. I merely wish to inquire
whether it would not save time, as I understand
that some fifty-six members were kind enough to
elect a printer for us last night 
[Cries of " Order!" all over the Hall.]
Mr. EWING. And I was about to propose
that we pass a resolution- ■
[Renewed cries of " Order!"]
Mr. EWING. Do you call that order ?
Mr. ORR. I call the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is not in order.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. At his request, and
not because he is any especial candidate of mine,
I nominate W. W. Curran.
Mr. HAVEN. I nominate John T. Towers,
who is wholly disconnected with any public press.
[Cries of "Order!"]
Mr. WALSH. I nominate J. W. Johnson,
now Postmaster of this House.
Mr. CORW1N. I nominate an old friend of
mine, Mr. Gales.
The SPEAKER. He has already been nomin-
ated.
Mr. HENN. At the request of Mr. Curran,
who has been nominated, I wish to state that I
voted for him last night in caucus, without his
knowledge.
[Cries of " Order!"]
The House then proceeded to vote viva voce for
the several candidates. The following was the
result:
A. 0. P. Nicholson 122
Joseph Gales 48
J. M.Johnson  8
W.W. Curran  7
John T. Towers  3
Gamaliel Bailey  3
Joseph Justice, senior 1  2
Edwin Croswell  2
A. D. Banks  2
Charles M. Hall  1
James M. Bethune  ]
J. Richard Leweilen  1
William C. Bryant  1
Cornelius Wendell  1
J. Coyle  1
Whole number of votes polled 203
Necessary to a choice 102
Major A. O. P. Nicholson, having received one
hundred and twenty-two votes, was declared to be
duly elected.
The following is the vote in detail:
For 0. P. Nicholson—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Al-
len, Willis Alien, Ashe,Banks Barkbdale, Bariy, Belchor,
Bell, ftocock, Breckmrulg<\ Bridge,-RrooKs, Bngg, Boyd,
Chastam, Cimsman, Churchwell. Clark, Chnsrnan, Cobb,
Colquitt, Craige, Cumnung, Cuius, John G D.ivis, Thomas.
Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dent, Disncv. Dowdell, Dium,
Dunbar, Edmundson, Elliot, Ellison, English, Etheridge,
Faulkner, Fenton, Florence, Fuller, Gamble, Green, Green-
wood, Grow, Hamilton, Andrew J. Harlan, Sampson W.
Hams, Wiley P. Harris, Hastings, Hendricks, Henn, Hib-
bard, Houston, Hughes, Ingersoll, Johnson, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Roland Jones, Kent, Kfdwell,
Kittredge. Kurtz, Lamb, Lane, Latham, Macdonald, Mc-
Dougall, McMulhn, McNair, Macy, Maxwell. May, May-
all, Smith Miller, Millson, Morrison, Nichols, Noble, Olds,
Orr, Packer, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phelps, Phil-
lips, Pratt, Richardson, lliddle, Thomas Ritchey, Robbins,
Rowe, Ruffin, Seward, Sevmour, Shaw, Shower, Single-
ton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, WilliamR. Smith,
George W. Smyth, Snodgrass, Hestor L. Stevens, Stratton,
John!. Taylor, Thurston, Trout, Tweed, Vai), Vansant,
Walbridge, Walker, Warren, Wells, John Wentworth,
Westbrook, Daniel B. Wnglu, and Hendiick B. Wright.
For Joseph Gales—Messrs. Appleton, Ball, Bennett,
Benson, Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chandler, Cook,
Corwm, Cox, Crocker, Cullom, De Witt, JUiek, Edmands,
Farley, Flagler, Gooduch, Harrison, Hiester, Hill, Hunt,
Knox, McCulloch, Matteson, Meacharn, Middleswarth,
John G. MtHer, Morgan, Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Pringle,
Puryear, Ready, David Ritchie, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp,
Simmons, Sollers, Tracy, CTpham, Elhbu B. Washbnrne,
Israel Washburn, Tappan Wentworth, and Zolhcoflfer.
For J. AT. Johnson—Messrs. Edgerton, Kerr, Lmdsley,
Peck, F. P. Stanton, R. II. Stanton, Walsh, and Witte.
For W. W. Curran—Messrs. Thomas H. Bayly, Ben-
ton, Cutting, Eastman, Grey, Lindley, and Yates.
For John T. Towers—Messrs. Haven, Pres-ton, and
Reese.
For Gamaliel Bailey—Messrs. Giddings, Gemt Smith,
and Wade.
For Joseph. Justice,senior—Messrs. I#illy and Skelton.
For JSdwm Croswell—Messrs. Andrew Oliver and Peck-
ham.
For Jl. J). Banks—Messrs. Letcher and Powell,
For C. M. Hall—Mr. Straub.
For J. M. Bethune—Mr. McQueen*
For J. Richard Leweilen—Mr. Caskie.
For Wilham C. Bryant—Mr. D. T. Jones.
For C. Wendell—Mr. Wheeler.
For J. Coyle—Mr. Evving,
Mr. MACDONALD. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. ORR. WiU the gentleman from Maine
withdraw that motion for a moment, to allow me
to present a memorial?
Mr. MACDONALD. I withdraw it.
Mr. ORR. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to allow me to present a memorial, and
move to have it printed.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. ORR. I desire to have it printed. It is a
very important document.
The SPEAKER. It is objected to.
Mr. ORR. Then I renew the motion to ad-
journ.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly (at three o'clock) ad-
journed until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 2, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved,
CANAL AROUND NIAGARA FALLS.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Public
Lands have instructed me to report back a me-
morial, and ask to be discharged from its further
considetatton. It is a memorial for the construc-
tion of a canal around Niagara Palls.
Mr. WALKER. I was not present this morn-
ing when that memorial was under the considera-
tion of the Committee on Public Lands. I find
myself eitheralready instructed, or about to be in-
structed , as usual, by the Legislature of Wisconsin,
to go for this improvement. I very certainly ex-
pect the resolutions of instructions. The report
of the committee recommending the instructions I
have received, and I had expected, therefore, to
take some individual part in urging this work.
Notknowmg, however, whether the Legislature of
Wisconsin has any power to direct its Senators
to meddle with public lands in other States, I did
not know but that it might become my duty to
introduce a bill granting lands to the State of Wis-
consin,for the purpose of forwardingthe construc-
tion of this work. I feel extremely desirous to
comply with the instructions of the Legislature,
and I would therefore ask that this memorial may
simply lie on the table, and that the committee
may not at presentbe discharged; so that ifit shall
become my duty hereafter to introduce a bill to
grant lands to the State of Wisconsin for this im-
provement, 1 can move to take it up and refer it
again to the committee.
Mr. STUART. I will suggest to the Senator
from Wisconsin, that it certainly can make no
