1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
517
difference in his action, if the committee are dis-
charged. The proposition which is put forth in
this memorial can never, I think, meet with any
favor in the Committee on Public Lands; and I
am equally confident that it cannot in the Senate.
There is a company authorized, under the au-
thority of the State of New York, to construct a
canal around the Falls of Niagara; and it is now
asked that Congress shall make a donation of pub-
lic lands for the same object. The case of the St.
Mary's canal is referred to as a precedent, but it
will be seen at a glance that the two are entirely
unlike. The bill, in that case, authorized the
selection of lands in the State of Michigan, to be
selected by that State, which could control them,
for the purposes of the construction of the canal;
and by legislative action it has carried out the ob-
ject of the grant, and provided for that canal being
made a public thoroughfare upon certain terms.
There is not a foot of public lands in the State
of New York. There is no indication to whom
we shall make the grant; and if you should grant
lands to the State of New York, you would give
that State the right, as a trustee, to select the lands
in any land State of the Union. I am perfectly
certain, that however the Senator may be instructed
by his Legislature; whatever apprehensions he
may have on that subject, he will never undertake
to give his heart to a proposition which shall
make the State of New York a landholder in his
State.
I did not risetodiscuss the question, but simply
to suggest to the Senator to allow the committee
to be discharged from the further consideration of
this memorial. It will not embarrass his action.
He can introduce his bill whenever he chooses,
on his own motion, and can have it referred to
any committee; or take such other action as may
carry out the suggestions or instructions of the
Legislature; and it will have as much potency as
if the committee were not discharged from this.
Mr. WALKER. All that I want to do is not
to preclude my action hereafter.
The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report from the Treasury Department,
transmitting, in answer to a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 4th of April, 1853, certain information
in regard to the amount of Federal, State, city,
county, railroad, canal, and bank stocks of the
United States held by foreigners; which was or-
dered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Also, a report from the Director of the United
States Mint, in relation to the fineness and value
of foreign gold and silver coin; which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Also, a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, communicating further information in
answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 31st of
January, as to the sums paid to the owners of
vessels sunk in the defense of the port of Balti-
more; which was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, a report from the Secretary of State, and
accompanying documents, in relation to the seizure
of Martin Koszta, at Smyrna; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and or-
dered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, in
answer to a resolution of December 7, which re-
quested him to present a plan, referred to in his
annual message, for a modification of the present
judicial system of the United States, communica-
ting a report of the Attorney General on the sub-
ject; which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SMITH presented a remonstrance of the
Rev. .Teremiah Day, D. D., and others, officers
and ex-officers of Yale College, against the pas-
sage of the Nebraska bill; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Also, a remonstrance of Albert Edgcomb and
twenty-five other citizens of Grroton, Connecticut,
against the passage of the Nebraska bill; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of Mrs. Anne
W. Angus, widow of Samuel Angus, late a cap-
tain'in the United States Army, praying the con-
tinuance of her pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of Henry
A. Wise, of Virginia, praying compensation for
a negro taken by the British in 1814, out of the
fund provided by the treaty of Ghent for the com-
pensation of such losses; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Mary
White, legal representative of Laurent Olivie, an
officer during the revolutionary war, praying to
be allowed commutation pay with interest; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Cayuga county,
State of New York, praying that one hundred
and sixty acres of land may be granted to those
soldiers who served in the war of 1812; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a remonstrance of citizens of Albany,
State of New York; a remonstrance of citizens of
the city of New York; and seven remonstrances
of citizens of Orleans county, State of New York,
against the passage of the Nebraska and Kansas
bill in its present form; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented two petitions of
citizens of Maine, remonstrating against any in-
fringement of the Missouri compromise; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of Jonathan Morgan, praying
an appropriation to test a new and cheap plan for
a railroad of which he is the inventor; which was
j referred to the select committee appointed on the
| subject.
I PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey,
it was
Ordered, That the petition of John McAvoy be withdrawn
from the files ot the Senate, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That Daniel Hay have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a bill granting the
right of way and making a grant of land to the
States of Arkansas, Louisiana, and Missouri, to
aid in the construction of a railroad from Shreve-
port, in Louisiana, through Arkansas, to St. Jo-
seph's, Missouri, reported it back, with sundry
amendments.
He also, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the memorial of Wil-
liam Claude Jones, praying compensation for ser-
vices as an officer during tile Florida war, in 1837
and 1838, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for his relief; which was read, and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred a bill to rec-
ompense the discoverer of practical anesthesia,
reported it back with an amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, to whom
was referred the inetuoiial of J. Epes Cowan,
praying the passage of an act to authorize him to
locate the Vasquez and Colligan claims, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill authorizing the
legal representatives of Antoine Vasquez, Hypo-
hte Vasquez, Joseph Vasquez, and John Calligan,
to enter certain lands in Missouri; which was read,
and passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the memorial of
Alexander Lea, praying remuneration for losses
sustained by the destruction of the light-house on
Chandeleur Island, of which he was keeper, re-
ported a bill for his relief; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. WELLF.R, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the memorial of Frances A.nil
McCaulay, praying remuneration for losses and
expenses incurred by her late husband while
United States Consul at Tripoli, submitted an ad-
verse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, to whom was leferred the memorial of the
administratrix of William A Slacum, praying
compensation for his services in obtaining inform-
ation in relation to the settlement on the Oregon
river, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for_ the relief of the personal representative of
William A. Slacum, deceased; which was read,
and passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee of Claims,
to whom were referred the memorial and accom-
panying documents of Franklin Chase, praying
to be paid his proportion of the proceeds of the
sale of the schooner Oregon, sold at Tampico for
an infringement of the revenue laws, submitted
an adverse report thereon; which was ordered to
be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. JOHNSON asked and obtained the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill
for the relief of Mrs. Arnold, widow of the late
Major Ripley A. Arnold; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, ssked and obtained
the unanimous consent of the Senate to introduce
a bill to do justice to all the,States of this Union;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
ZADOCK C. INGRAM.
Mr. RUSK. I am instructed by the Committee
on Public Lands, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Zadock C. Ingram, to report a bill for his
relief, and to ask the uanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to consider the bill new. When the facts are
stated I think there can be no objection to it.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole..
It proposes to direct the Postmaster General to
cause Z. C. Ingram, late postmaster at Wapello,
Iowa, to be released from a judgment obtained
against him in 1849 by the United States for the
sum of $318 87, and all interest and costs.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. Ingram was appointed post-
master to a special office in 1838. The law in
relation to special offices is, that the officers shall
take them for the proceeds of the offices—that
the mail shall be supplied, and the postmasters
discharge the duties for the proceeds. This is
a uniform rule of the Department. In granting
applications for special offices, it is always pro-
vided that no expense to the Department shall be
thereafter incurred. Application was made for a
special office at this point; Mr. Ingram was made
postmaster, and a gentleman by the name of
Toole became the contractor, and furnished the
mails from 1838 to 1841. Mr. Ingram took the
receipts of the contractor in duplicate, and sent
on the originals to the Post Office Department.
In 1841 the route was advertised and let out,
and this arrangement ceased. But the Depart-
ment, in 1843, wrote to Mr. Ingram that there was
an unsettled balance existing against him on the
books of the Department, and that he had better
send on his receipts. He had before sent on the
original receipts, and then he sent on the dupli-
cates,and supposed the account was settled. He
heard nothing more about it till 1849, when suit
was brought against him. In the mean time the
contractor had died. After the judgment was ob-
tained against him, Mr. Ingram made affidavit to
the facts, and he proved, by the brother of the
deceased contractor, that the payments hsd been
regularly made and the receipts given to him. He
swore that he sent on both the original and the
duplicate receipts to the Post Office Department.
Under these circumstances, I think there can be
no objection to the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
INDIGENT INSANE.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the bill making a grant of
public lands to the several States and Territories
of the Union for the benefit of indigent insane
persons, the question being on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I voted for the
principles embodied in this bill when I was a
member of the House of Representatives, and I
feel inclined to do the same thing here; but as, in
giving such a vote, I shall differ with friends with
/
