1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2085
ask to get a weekly mail to San Francisco, the
Senator thought 1 was not entitled to it. 1 shall,
however, return good for evil. I intend to vote
for the amendment, and if defects exist in the
former law, or if there has been a mistake or re-
fusal of thePostmaster General to execute a former
law of Congress, I hope the amendment now pro-
posed will be so specific that there will be no
evading it. I expect to vote for the amendment;
but I cannot answer the Senator's question as to
how much was appropriated by the Shanghai and
San Francisco bill, which was passed. He ought
to know that, as he voted for it, 1 believe. I do
not know how that may be, but my only object in
asking the question was to justify the Senate in
voting for the amendment, as I intend to vote for
it. My desire was to strengthen, not to defeat the
amendment.
Mr. CASS. There is something in this I do
not understand. Certainly the Postmaster Gen-
eral would not refuse to execute an act of Congress
without some reason for it. There must have
been some considerations operating upon him to
lead him to do that.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think I can an-
swer the Senator's question. It will be remem-
bered that a few years ago, after a series of years
of ineffectual application for mail service on the
Mississippi river, the Senate, in spite of the oppo-
sition of the then Postmaster General, directed
him to make a contract for daily service from
Louisville to New Orleans, and from St. Louis to
New Orleans, and a tri-weekly service from Nash-
ville to New Orleans. The then Postmaster Gen-
eral, Judge Hall, had been entreated for years to
put on that service. For some cause, I know not
what, he refused, at all times, to do it. The Sen-
ate took the question under consideration, and set
aside the judgment of the Postmaster General,;
and ordered positively and unequivofelly that that
service should be established. Before the time
came for Mr. Hall to make the contract, he was
transferred from the Post Office Department to
the judiciary, and another gentleman took his
place. A short time before he went out of office,
he made a contract, under that law, for carrying
the mail from St. Louis and Louisville to New
Orleans. That contract was made with Glover
& Co., of New Orleans. The day arrived when
they were to commence their service. A new
Postmaster General came in—Lhe present incum-
bent—and examined the contract, and found in
it a provision that the boats carrying the mail
should not carry any freight. He issued an order
to his agents at Louisville not to deliver the mails
to Glover & Co., if there was any freight on
board. They went down with the mail, at the
appointed time, and found freight upon the boat.
They refused to deliver the mail. The contract
was suspended. The present Postmaster General
suspended it, and has made no other permanent
contract, but has made some conditional ones.
For instance, he made a contract to carry the mail
from Louisville to St. Louis. He made a special
contract with a company to carry the mail, and
that contract is going on now; but he failed to
make a contract for carrying it from the mouth
of the Ohio to New Orleans; and the only mail
service that we have on the river between the
mouth of the Ohio and New Orleans is just such
service as the Postmaster General, in his wisdom
and beneficence, or in the conceptions of his own
right, chooses to make with the transient boats
that go along.
The amendment offered by my friend from
Mississippi is simply this: The Postmaster Gen-
eral asserts that he cannot make contracts under
that law, because they would amount to too large
a sum; and, sir, iinder his constructions of the
law, it would be too large a sum, because he
would require the boats to carry the mail, with-
out taking a single pound of freight, an ab-
surdity that never could have entered into the
mind of any but a man who never saw the Mis-
sissippi river. There is the difficulty. He would
not permit boats that carried the mail to carry
any freight whatever, although they bound them-
selves under penalties and bonds to deliver the
mail according to the contract. He excused him-
self under that provision, and nullified the con-
tract with Glover & Co. He has refused, up to
this time, to make any contract. Under the most
urgent entreaties of all the friends of this measure,
embracing, I believe, near one half of the States
of the Union, he recently issued another proposal
to carry .out this law of Congress, passed two
years ago. He has had bids received under the
proposal; and the difficulty intended to be obvi-
ated by the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi is this: He wanted a continuous daily
line from St. Louis and Louisville to New Or-
leans; he cannot get that for a reasonable sum;
he has bids for it, but 1 understand they are so
high that he has determined not to execute them.
This proposition is to reaffirm and reindorse the
law of two years ago, and enable him to let out
detached portions of the route. From Memphis
to New Orleans the mails can be carried for a
small sum, because we have regular packets; but
if you require these gentlemen to run packets
three times a week to go to St. Louis or Louis-
ville, you involve them in an expenditure of mo-
ney to which they are wholly incompetent. If
the friends of this measure desire to see mail com-
munication on that river, they can only get it by
reaffirming the law passed two years ago, and so
amending it as to enable the Postmaster General
to let it out in detached contracts, instead of let-
ting it out m an aggregate contract from Louis-
ville and St. Louis to New Orleans, That is the
effect of the amendment, and I am sure it is just.
It involves no expenditure of money which was
not authorized by the law which was passed two
years ago.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, obtained the floor.
Mr. BROWN. I hope the Senator from Iowa
will allow me to answer the inquiry of the Senator
from California as to the probable cost of the mail
facilities provided for by th#amendment. I might
make an approximation to the cost, yet I might
be very wide of the mark; but of this I am per-
fectly satisfied, that the mail can be carried for a
great deal less money under that amendment than
under the law as it now stands; and the question
is simply between having no mail, as we have
none now, and having it under that amendment
at less cost than it would be under any other plan.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I wish to move an
amendment to the amendment. It is to insert
after the word "Cairo" the words "and also
from thence to St. Pauls, Minnesota."
Mr. BROWN. I would suggest to my friend
that a large portion of that route is already sup-
plied with the mail. It is so below St. Louis.
How much above that it is I dp not know.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. There is no difficulty
in regard to that. As I understand the amend-
ment of the Senator, on any portion where there
is a mail, that is not to be contracted for or inter-
fered with. There are several gaps, of several
hundred miles extent between Cairo and St. Pauls,
the capital of Minnesota Territory, for which
regular mails are not provided. I am friendly to
the amendment of the Senator from Mississippi,
and I wish it success. I intend to vote for it; but
I desire, when it reaches Cairo, that it shall also
extend to St. Pauls.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the Senator from Iowa that his amendment j
would be better if he would say from St. Louis j
to St. Pauls, because there is already a daily line j
from Cairo to St. Louis. I suggest to my friend
that if he will change his amendment in that way, J
I will go for it. There is a daily line now from j
Cairo to St. Louis. I should have no objection I
to making provision by his amendment from St.
Louis to St. Pauls.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Then I will say from j
St. Louis. But, I understand, from the phrase- ,
ologyof the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, that the Postmaster General will not be
bound to relet any portion of the route on which :
there is a mail.
Mr. BROWN. Certainly not. 1
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. It is therefore proper \
that I should move to insert this amendment now.
From Galena to St. Pauls there will be no more
service, but there is a gap from St. Louis to Ga- '
lena, Illinois, for which I wish to provide; and we
can do so by saying from Cairo to St. Pauls,
Minnesota.
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to it.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I supposed that the
Senator would not have objection to it, or I should
not have offered it. I would withdraw it if I
thought he was opposed to it. I shall vote for
his amendment.
Mr. ATCHISON. I have my doubts about
the amendment of the Senator from Mississippi,
and also the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa. I am willing to furnish mail facilities,
both by land and water, wherever they are ne-
cessary; but it strikes me that, for one third of
the year, at least during the winter, it would be
found impossible for boats to run up the Missis-
sippi river. Then, sir, how will they receive
their mails up to St. Paul?
Mr. BROWN. How have they had them be-
fore?
Mr. ATCHISON. They have had them by
boats; and they have had them by railroads, and
by stages, when the water is low. Now, sir, I am
for taking what is right, and I am for taking
nothing more than is reasonable; because, if we
ask for what is preposterous, we are apt to lose
what is reasonable. Therefore, I shall vote against
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Mississippi.
Mr. BROWN; The Senator says that there
are certain seasons in the year at which boats can-
not run on the river. Then he expresses some
doubt about the propriety of my amendment. I
believe that is not covered by the objection. If
there is a daily mail from Cairo to St. Louis, I
apprehend, whenever you run a boat there, you
can run one from Cairo to New Orleans. Let me
say, in this connection, that unless this mail is
established, the rest of the offices on the river Mis-
sissippi will haveno mail facilities at all; for I have
more than once undertaken to explain here, but
Senators will not listen, or will not understand,
that the whole of the lower Mississippi, except at
important points, is inaccessible from the interior,
and especially during high water. The high lands
along back of the river, as the Senator knows very
well, are cut off from a communication except by
boats; therefore, they do not undertake to get the
mails from the banks of the Mississippi, through
the swamps, to the interior. It has never been
attempted, or whenever it has, it has been simply
ridiculous.
You must give these mails by the river, or not
give them at all. There are, in my own State,
certainly not less than twenty-five post offices,
supplied entirely and wholly by the river, and
they cannot be supplied in any other way. We
have a mail line there, but nothing but a line.
What we want is service on it, as the Senator
from Tennessee has said; and I repeat it. The
only mail sent on the river is just such as was con-
tracted for in New Orleans by some transit boats
going up the river. If they do not happen to find
any, the mail is not sent; and if it is sent, it is only
landed at such points as the boat thinks proper to
stop at, and it never thinks proper to stop at land-
ings, unless it happens to have freight or passen-
gers for them. That is all wrong. I trust the
amendment will be adopted. I know it is abso-
lutely necessary. I want to talk no more about it.
Mr. BELL. I desire to know if I understand
this amendment properly. I should like to hear
some gentleman give an explanation of its opera-
tion. We have now a law authorizing the Post-
master General to give us a daily mail on the Mis-
sissippi from New Orleans to Louisville, and from
New Orleans to St. Louis, in distinct lines.. We
appropriate to carry the mail from St. Louis to
New Orleans daily. Under the authority given,
the Postmaster General advertises for proposals,
and rtquires the same line to carry the mail daily
from Louisville to New Orleans, and not only from
Cairo, but from Louisville, at great cost. At some
seasons of the year it is impracticable to carry a
daily mail to all the points on the route, on ac-
count of the ice and other obstructions. What I
fear now is, that this proposition will nullify that
law altogether, and that we shall have no pros-
pect of continuing the daily line hereafter between
these points and New Orleans. I want my friend
to consider that point. We have, as has been
stated already, a daily line from Louisville to
Cairo, and a daily mail from Cairo to St. Louis,
except when the ice obstructs the upper Missis-
sippi. They have the enjoyment of that daily
mail now.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. If the Senator from
Tennessee will allow me to interrupt him, I will
withdraw my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BELL. That amendment is withdrawn.
Now, what is the objection to having a daily line
from Cairo to New Orleans? If any amendment
ought to be adopted, it ought to be to supply that
