1228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
in any man's hands; so that thedifficulty of com-
bining heavy machinery with it can readily be
seen.
This machine, so far from taking sixteen horses
takes but twelve; so far from costing $1,600, it
costs but £600, and Mr. Moore is of opinion that
improvements can be made in the manner of
building it, so that he can build it at a cost of not
over $400—very little more than a single threshing
machine now costs. 1 am not a very rash man,
especially in pecuniary matters; but 1 should be
willing to enter into a covenant in order to relieve
my friend from Wisconsin, for 1 certainly would
not injure him, and I will give good security, that
if this bill be passed by the Congress of the United
States, and everything which the inventors claim
under it shall be given to them by patent, neither
his reaper, nor the reaper of any other man in the
field, shail be (ouched or stopped.
Mr. WALKER. It will not be because itcan-
* not be done under the bill.
Mr. STUART. 1 say it will be because it
cannot be done under the bill. Why, sir, Hus-
sey's reaper was patented before this, and thas
been in operation all the time, and nobody ever
dreamt that the two came in opposition or sought
to stop that. Nobody has ever contested a suit
with Hussey—nobody haseverbroughtasuit with
Hussey—seeking to show, either as plaintiff" or
defendant, that there was any collision between his
invention and Moore & Hascall's. Talk about
stopping reapers in the harvest fields of the coun-
try! That argument cannot be touched with logic,
because there is no beginning and no end to it. These
men expressly said in their original patent that
they did not claim the invention of a threshing
machine. Such machines have been used for
years. Nobody holds a patent for them now.
They do not claim it. They do not claim to be
the inventors of a fanning-mill. They do not claim
to be the inventors of a rake. They do not claim
to be the inventors of the cart-wheels by which
this machinery is propelled. But they claim that
they have combined these threshing powers and
cleaning powers with certain cutting apparatus
•which they have invented, so as to secure a pat-
entable machine. Why, sir, talk about stopping
threshing machines, and stopping fanning mills,
and stopping reapers! The thing is an absurdity.
Tfiere is no doubt'about one thins, and 1 do
not seek to disguise it here; and, as the Senator
has given fhe notice that he is going very exten-
sively into this argument, I will say to him that,
if he chooses to touch that branch of the-ques-
tion, [ shall be delighted to meet him, not on ac-
count of any particular prowess that I claim for
myself, but because truth is mighty and will
prevail;" and is nowhere more certain to prevail
than m the Senate of the Uriitpd Stales. It is not
denied that other individuals do claim, in respect
to the cutting apparatus, what Moore & Hascall
cldim. Hussey does not claim it. As 1 said be-
fore, there is no collision with Hussey's machine;
but there are persons in the country who have
sought to obtain glory, reputation, and ec at over
the inventions of Moore & Hascall,and Hussey.
I w:!l ask "my friend from Maryland, (Mr.
Pearce,] if he has time, to look into it and he
will find that Hussey is an original, true, and
meritorious inventor, entitled to thetharks of the
whole agricultural community. He will find
Moore & Hawaii to be of the same class. But,
sir, he will find that the man who went to Eng-
land, and sought to carry off everything by eclat,
has never invented a machine of this character at
all. He has invented nothing. I do not seek to
involve myself m any controversy about other
machines; bur I d;ue meet the Senator on this
point. 1 spedk on this question to my fellow Sen-
ators here with a little feeling for this reason:
Moore & Hascall have expended $30,000 in in-
venting the only machine that will operate. They
are the sole inventors of the sickle applied as they
apply it—in a manner that is worth anything.
McCormiok's machine will not work unless he
can use Moore & Hascall's sickle.
Now, sir, what do i qsk in this bill? F ask,
and I appeal to my fellow Senators, if it is not fair
to these constituents of mine, that they shall
have leave to go to the Patent Office, and file a
specification of what they claim to he the original
inventors of; that the Commissioner of Patents
shall then give notice to the whole world that
these things areckiroed, so that Hussey, and Mc-
Cormick, and Atkinson, and anybody and every-
body, may come in, and see whether Moore &
Hascall are the original inventors of this machine
or not. And now let me inquire, what does the
argument of the Senator from Wisconsin go to
show ? Either that there will be an investigation
which will be fair, and will secure to these men
what belongs to them, or else that the Senate has
to come to the conclusion that the Commissioner
of Patents and the judge of the court to whom the
appeal may be taken, are not entitled to the com-
mon confidence of the community. What room
is there for these sweeping declarations and de-
nunciations, when the bill is guarded? 1 re-
peat, Moore & Hascall must prove, according to
it, that they are the original inventors of every-
thing they claim, or they cannot have the exten-
sion. What is the effect of it? I mean to be fair,
and I will state it. It is to save all question of
abandonment to these men while they have been
applying to Congress; that is all. They have
been since 1850 urging Congress to pass this bill;
and it is therefore so framed as not to allow this
time to be pleaded against them,aild thereby to
make out an abandonment of their inventions.
That is the whole thing, and it is all there is of it.
Is there any reason against it?
Mr. President, the fact cannot be concealed that
there are moving causes against this measure,
which do not fall within the line of legitimate ar-
gument or defense. 1 know what those causes
are. I know how a thing may be misrepresented.
I know how a continual dropping will wear out a
rock, and I know how a continual dropping of
remarks into the ears of Senators and members of
the House of Representatives will prejudice the
best human mind before the owner is aware of it.
But if this were a new question, if it never had
been presented to the woild before, the plainest
man, humble as myself, could go before any
ordinary tribunal, and in twenty minutes show1
that there never was a more meritorious case
presented to the consideration of man. I have,
Mr. President, sought to show that from the fact
that the original model was burnt, from the fact
that there can be no room for fiaud, because this
is a machine which works out of doors and in the
eyes of everybody, there is no danger in allowing
the inventors in this case to specify their claims,
just as they might have done originally at the
Patent Office, and surrendered them up. Any
man can go and surrender up his specifications,
file new ones, test the case anew, and take out a
patent according to his new specifications. It is
an every-day occurrence at the Patent Office.
The patentee, by this* course, only subjects him-
self to prove that he is the original inventor of
what he claims under his amended specifications.
Now, this bill proposes to do that in this case;
and, I say, inasmuch as the machine is of such
magnitude, that all its operations were out of
doors, and must inevitably have been always open
before farmers, plain men, mechanics, honest
men, is there any danger of the practice of a fraud
upon the community, or upon oth^r inventors? Is
there a case in which parol evidence could be re-
sorted to with such safety in reference, to any
other class of machines ? I think not; and I think
that all question ought to be removed as to who
are the original inventors.
I have sought to show that these men must be
entitled to what they invented in perfecting the
machine, or else you do them no justice what-
ever. You may as well say to every inventor,
we will give you your original crude idea; but the
things which you invented, while you were trying
your machine in your room, perfecting it, and
bringing it to maturity, you shall not have."
That is the argument reduced to a few words.
Now, sir, after providing, as the bill does, for
this renewal and extension, upon complete exam-
ination by witnesses before the Commissioner of
Patents, after providing, as it does, for an appeal
as in all other cases, suppose a patent be granted.
The question is still left open, before the courts of
the United States, whenever tift parties choose to
try it, between Moore & Hascall and Me.Cor-
mick, or anybody else, as to who is the original
inventor. What injury, then, can be done by
this ?
A few words more in reference to stopping the
Senator's reaper, and I have done. Mr. Hussey
is making reapers under a patent. As I have al-
ready said, there is no collision with hkn, and
none is pretended. Mr. McCormick is making
reapers under two patents, one of which he took
out in 1845, and which, as 1 claim, is for the sickle
that Moore & Hascall commenced using in 1836.
But he took it out in 1845, and it has fourteen
years from that time to run. How is the reaper
to be stopped, if it cannot be stopped now? Mr.
McCormick is taking his patent fees under his
patent of 1845, and will continue to take them for
fourteen years from that time, and no man can
build a reaper and use that sickle, during those
fourteen years, unless he pays McCormick a patent
fee. How, then, I ask, is any man's reaper "to be
stopped, if this bill passes, that cannot be stopped
without the bill?- The only point in dispute is as
to that sfckle. 1 say McCormick holds a patent
for it running for fourteen years from 1845. We
claim that he has no right to it. We claim that it
is an invention of these men, and that they are
entitled to it, and ought to have the emoluments
growing out of it. The bill proposes to put them
in a condition where they can contest that ques-
tion. They cannotconte; t it now. Supposesome
man has a suit with McCormick, and proves that
Moore & Hascall invented the sickle; he defeats
McCormick, but does not help Moore & Hascall;
he gives the property to the public, makes it free,
but that does not remunerate the real inventors.
How stand these real inventors? Thirty thousand
dollars out of pocket. They are men who claim,
for themselves, to be meritorious; and they are
men whom I claim, on my responsibility as a man
and a Senator, to be meritorious. I speak frora
knowledge. They are my neighbors. This thing
has been done in my community. It has been
done where I know all about it, if I know any-
thing. Therefore I say, after an expenditure of
$30,000 out of pocket, these men ask the Congress
of the United States simply to put them into a
position where they can contest with McCormick,
or anybody else, the question of whether they
are or are not the original inventors of this ma-
chine and us improvements. Why not do it?
Mr. President, I cannot consent to detain the
| Senate longer upon this question. I hope that
nothing may be said, under the notice that the
Senator from Wisconsin has given us, which shall
make it necessary for me to say more; but such
is my belief in the honesty of this transaction;
such is my knowledge of its honesty and of its
merit; such is my belief of the duty of Congress
to enable these men to get remuneration, that, if
it shall be necessary for me to answer any other
argument which may be thrown out, I shall ask
the courtesy of the Senate to do so. I trust it
may not be necessary to do so. But I hope to see,
though late in the day, something like justice done
to these men.
Mr. WALKER obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. DAWSON, who moved that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until Mon-
day.
The motion was agreed to.
adjournment over.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
message from the house.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed a bill to
authoiize a register to be issued to the steamer El
Paraguay by a new name.
executive session.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, JWay 19, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
steamer el paraguay.
Mr. FULLER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report a bill from the Committee-
on Commerce, and to have it put upon its pas-"
sage. It is a bill to authorise the Secretary of the
