1854-.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1229
Treasury to issue a register to a vessel. It is one
of those cases which justice requires should be
legislated upon without delay.
Mr. COBB. It is right. There will be no
objection.
No objection being* made, the bill was intro-
duced, and read a first and second time by its
title, as follows:
A bill to authorize a register to bejssued to the
steamer El Paraguay by a new name.
Mr. FULLER. I move that the bill be now
put upon its passage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was subse-
quently read the third time, and passed.
MEDALS STRUCK BY AUTHORITY.
Mr. DAWSON asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a resolu-
tion; which was read, as follows:
Resolred, That the Secietary of the Treasury i>e, and he
is hereby, requested to communicate to this House copies
of any reports he may have received from the director of
the Mint, touching the condition of dies of medals struck
by authority of Congress in commemoration of patriotic
services and national event?, and of the propriety of estab-
lishing in the Mint a medal department, for collecting and
preserving such dies, and of authorizing impressions to be
made in bronze for distribution among the States, or oth-
erwise, under such regulations as maybe prescribed for the
same.
There being nonobjection, the resolution was
adopted.
WITHDRAWAL OF PaPERS.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is a committee in the
Senate which has now under consideration a sub-
ject which has been referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means in this House, embraced in the
petition and papers of the officers of the peniten-
tiary for the District of Columbia. 1 ask the per-
mission of the House to withdraw those papers
from the Committee of Ways and Means, in order
that they may be referred to the committee of the
Senate.
No objection was made, and leave was accord-
ingly granted.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WALKER. I find in the proceedings of
the House on Monday, at a point of time just
previous to taking the final question upon the
adoption of the resolution of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] that I am represented
as having moved to lay that resolution upon the
table. The record is in these words:
" Mr. Walker. I move to lay that proposition upon the
table.
"The Speaker. The Chair decides the motion is out
of order."
I beg leave to say that I made no such motion.
I was not within the bar of the House when
that motion purports to have been made; and if I
had been, I believe I am the last man'upon this
floor to make such a motion.
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of tjhe Whole on
the state of the Union.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee Qf the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Olds in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee rose
on yesterday, it had under consideration House
bill (No. 236) for the organization of the Terri-
tories of Kansas and Nebraska; and upon that
bill the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Church-
well] has the floor.
Mr. CHURCH WELL said, having made up
his mind on this subject, he would not have risen
to address the committee to-day but for the bold
and defiant manner in which one of his colleagues
had invited him to the tournament.
In the course of his remarks, he said the very
principle which the House were asked to acknowl-
edge was established as a permanent principle by
our fathers when they framed the Constitution of
the country. He replied to the remarks of Mr.
Cullom, saying he believed, before Heaven, and
he should be a coward if lie did not assert it—he
would not be a Tenn^saeean if he did not assert it
—that Tennessee was the first State, after the
formation of the Federal Constitution, which came
into the Union with a slavery clause in her con-
stitution. He thought that the honor of his State
would have been better defended if his colleague
[Mr. Cullom] had taken this sideof the question, j
and come up in aid of the principle ingrafted in j
the consti'ution of that State, namely: that the j
people have the right to govern themselves m their |
own way, and Congress has no right to interfere.
When the South has an opportunity to place
herself in the position of the original States, they
find four or six southern men coming up with Ab-
olitionists and Free-Snilers, talcing a stand against
the repeal of the Missouri act of 1820, because,
forsooth, it will occasion agitation in the country,
and because, forsooth, it has been in existence for
thirty-four long years! But, during that period,
under this geographical expedient, the South has
had nothing but trouble and turmoil, growing out
of the attempt to establish a line of latitude, in-
stead of the principle that the people have a right
to govern themselves.
Mr. DEAN said he had refrained from speak-
ing on this bill heretofore, because he had hoped
that it never would be brought to a vote. He had
hoped that gentlemen of the South would see its
effect upon themselves, and that the members from
the North, before the hour had arrived for decid-
ing the question, would hear such a voice fronr
their constituents as would induce them to oppose
it. He felt fortified in this hope when, by a com-
manding vote of the House, the bill of the Senate
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union; and that, too, after it had
been announced to the House and the country
that such a reference would be equivalent to the
defeat of the-measure.
Representing, as he did, the district of .Tames
Tallmadge, the mover of the Missouri restriction
in this House, and the distuct, home, and burial
place of Smith Thompson, a member of the Cabi-
net of Mr. Monroe, who, in writing, gave his
opinion that the Missouri compromise was con-
stitutional, he could not but say in public what
he had always said in private,that this was a bill
-to be denounced rather than to be discussed.
Having adverted to the important public busi-
ness which had been set aside to bring the bill
under consideration before the committee, he de-
clared that this was a measure to be resisted by
all the parliamentary tactics which the minority
were capable of using, and for the reason that no
member of this Congress hod been elected for the
purpose of disturbing this Missouri compromise.
If members had been elected on this issue, he
would have yielded to the will of the majority,
without anything more than a silent vote. He
proposed that they now abandon this bill,and go
on with the ordinary business of legislation, and
let the people elect to the next Congress men who
would be competent truly to represent the opin-
ions of their constituency on this question.
He denied that the bill contained the docjrine
of popular sovereignty, and termed it a double-
faced bill. He contended that the Missouri com-
promise was constitutional, and declared that the
North had always stood up for it, and would be
willing to abide by it to the end of time.
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. Chairman, a stern
sense of duty to myself and my constituents com-
pels me to address this committee for the purpose
of giving; some of the reasons which control my
vote upon the Nebraska and Kansas bill.
When the bill was first introduced into the Sen-
ate, and before I had examined it, supposing it con-
tained the principles which its friends claimed for it,
I was predisposed in its favor, and I so expressed
myself to my friends. As the bill began to attract
the attention of the country, and petition after peti-
tion against its passage was laid upon your table;
when men of the South rose in their places in this
Hall and in theSenate, and conjured their brethren
to maintain in its integrity the faith plighted to the
North: and when the bill had assumed a definite
shape, then, sir, f felt the urgent necessity of
a most thorough and careful examination of the
bill. I made it; and I arose with the conviction
that I could never give my support to this bill
without doing violence to my oath and my con-
science. Sir, ! believe in the sanctity of compro-
mises. I believe that their maintenance in all their
length and breadth, their height and depth, is the
only conservator of the union of these States; and
believing: thus, 1 can never sanction, by my vote,
either directly or indirectly, the repeal of the
compromise of 1820 f believe, sir, that the com-
promise measures of 1850 affirm and indorse the
compromise of 1820; that they do not clash or
interfere with one another; and the man or men
who dare assert they are inconsistent, libel the
God men of those trying crtse# that gave them
birth, and the avowal of such sentiments in the
campaign of 18.52 would have committed them to
the rack of public opinion until there was not a
whole bone left in their bodies.
This bill does not carry out the doctrine of non-
intervention, inasmuch as it takes from the people
the source of all power, the right to choose their
own officers, and malees their legislation subject to
the revision and veto of the mere creature of the
Federal Executive. ] believe, sir, in the language
of the last Baltimore convention:
"That Congress has no power wider the Constitution to
interfere with or control the domestic institutions of the
several States, and thal>oich States are the sole and proper
judges of everything appertaining to their own affairs, not
prohibited by, the Constitution ; that all efforts of the Aboli-
tionists or others made to induce Congress io interfere with
questions of slavery, or to take incipient steps in relation
, thereto, are calculated to lead to the ino>t alarming and dan-
1 gerou* consequence*; and that all such efforts, have an m-
! evitahle tendency todiminiMi the happiness of the people
I and endanger the stability and permanency of the Union,
, and oiiffht not to be countenanced by any friend of our po-
! htical institution*.
! '' That the foregoing proposition covers, and wa« intended
to embrace, the whole >ubjectof slavery agitation in Con-
gress ; and therefore the Demociati-.: parly of the Union,
standing on this! national platform, will abide by aqd'adhere
1 to a faithful execution o( the acts known as the compro-
mise ineaMir >, >ettled by the last Congress, the 4 act tor
' reclaiming fugitives from service or labor ' included: which
1 act, being designed to carry out an express provision of the
! Con«uiuimn, cannot with fidelity thereto he repealed or so-
. changed as to de-troy or impair its efficiency.
| "That the Democratic party will resist all attempts at re*
newing, in Congress or out of it, the agijatjon of the .slavery
J question, under whatever shape or color the attempt may
1 be made."
; Elected upon that platform, pledged to resist
! agitation, I cannot and will not stultify myself
i by giving this bill my vote. I wish it to be dis-
tinctly understood that / do not oppose this bill
became it is an Administration measure. I am con-
trolled by higher, holier, and loftier motives. I
; am controlled by the oath I took before entering
on my duties, and the dictates of my conscience.
These, sir, are influences before which Presi-
dents sink into insignificance, Cabinets become as
nothing-, and the insane ambition of presidential
aspirants dwindles into besotted idiocy. Sir, did
I believe this measure right; did 1 believe thisr
hill would give lasting1 peace to the country; did®
j I believe that it carried out the doctrine of non-
' intervention and the ri^htof self-government; that
the repeal of the Missouri compromise was not
affnmative intervention, legalizing and legislating
slavery into territory now free, before God, who
is mv judge, I would vote for it. I would give it
a most cordial and hearty support. The threats
of political death could not intimidate me. The
frowns of my constituents would not awe me.
The fact of its being an Administration measure
would not swerve me from my duty. If right, (
would support it, although fifty recr^nt Presi-
dents, and as many imbecile Cabinets, stood at its
back. If my conscience approved it, in the lan-
guage of the immortal Jackson, " no earthly power
could drive me from my position;" for I believe I
would be standing upon the immutable principles
of justice.
Sir, I came into political life upon the compro-
mises of 1850. I supported them as a measure of
adjustment between the North and the South—•
foremost and ever, early and late, in good repute
and bad repute, in prosperity and adversity, I
have upheld the compromise measures of 1850; I
have proclaimed their sanctity; f venerate them
as the savior of our country from an impending
and awful ruin; and with the same feelings, actu-
ated by the same motives, believing in the saving
efficacv and binding force of the compromise of
1820, I will uphold it so long as God gives me
Strength; and if fall 1 must, I wish no more glo-
rious" fate than to go down in defense of the com-
promises of the Constitution, upon which this
Union is based, and without which thU Union can-
not exist. Such a fate, sir, I court.
Mr. BENSON. As one of the Representa-
tives of the State of Maine, whose admission
into the Union is arid forever must be associated
in history with the enactment of the Missouri
compromise, and whose people are strongly at-
tached to that safeguard of freedom, and coming
from a district more thoroughly opposed to the
extension of slavery than any other in my State,
I have felt it to be my duty to my constituents
