1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
and is now subject to entry at $1 25 per acre; and
the same is true of all the States, save California
alone, she being specially excepted out of the gen-
eral provisions of the bill.
Every one who knows anything about the public
lands, knows that there is a vast deal of difference
between being confined to land subject to entry at
private sale, and being allowed to go upon land
which has never been brought into the market,
and where you can get better land, and that of infi-
nitely more value, I say I did,not think this pro-
vision just at first, and I thought 1 would not
vote for the bill upon that ground; but upon reflec-
tion, as it does not affect the interest of my State,
and as I have the opportunity of saying that, in
giving my vote, I do not mean to approve of the
principle involved in the amendment, I will still
vote for the bill. It does not interpose an insu-
perable barrier. It gives an undue advantage to
California, but it works no special injury to Mis-
sissippi. My State gets the same with this pro-
vision in the oiil as if it was out, and she gets it in
the same way; and being able, in this form, to put
upon the record that, in giving my vote, I do not
desire to be understood as approving any principle
which draws a distinction between the States of
the Union, I can still vote for the bill.
If California cannot get her lands this year or
next year, she will be able to get them much be-
fore she is as old as the youngest of her sisters—
long before she will be a State as old as Missis-
sippi. In a few years she will be enabled to re-
alize the benefits of this bill in precisely the same
way that Mississippi and other States realize them
now. Still I do not interpose thisas an insuper-
able barrier to my vote. Without detaining the
Senate further, 1 have only to say, in conclusion,
that having given to the bill all the reflection which
my time and opportunities have allowed me, I feel
prepared to vote for it.
Mr. BUTLER. Consistently with the opinions
which I have always entertained and expressed,
and the votes which I have given on this very bill,
I must be allowed to state the reasons why I am
opposed to it. I am more particularly led to do
so since hearing the remarks of my honorable
friend from Mississippi.
I believe the intendments of this bill to be good.
I think it looks to justice, and has in it the spirit
of equality, of which I approve; and as far as I
coulu subserve the commands of benevolence, if
I could substitute my discretion for constitutional
authority, 1 might vote for it. But I cannotcom-
pronuse my principles; and I think that this will
be the most dangerous bill, so far as regaids the
disposition of the public lands, ever passed; be-
cause it will be referred to asa precedent, although
dictated under auspices and influences which it is
very difficult to resist; but when once the prece-
dent is made, I think others will follow it. Now,
sir, I cannot see how Congress can disregard the
limitations of the Constitution, and say that, in
disposing of the public lands, you can give them
away for this purpose or that puipose, accoiding
to our judgment. I do not know how many
.grounds have been taken to justify the disposition
of the public lands. At one time, public lands
were asked to cut a canal around the Falls of St.
Mary's, and it was put upon the war power.
Public treasure was required for the Collins
steamers, and U was put upon the war power.
This bill proposes to distribute the lands to the
States, and it is put upon the ground of benevo-
lence. Another one was introduced to give alter-
nate sections within fifteen miles of the road, and
that was put upon the ground of regulating com-
merce. Another has been introduced upon a still
separate giound; and at last the whole thing re-
solves itself into this, that the congressional dis-
cretion of the day shall supersede the limitation
and the intendment of the Constitution.
Now, I take this broad ground, that Congress
had delegated to it the authority to dispose of the
public lands as a trustee; and having taken upon
it the responsibility of a trustee, it cannot divest
itself of that responsibility by throwing it back
upon the State. There is so much money in the
Treasury, lands and assets, committed to this
trustee, to be administered according to the obli-
gation of the Constitution. Suppose Congress
wpre to undertake to divest itself of all responsi-
bility,and to throw back the assets and the lands
committed to Us judgment, exclusively upon the
States, still I deny, asa State-Rights man—a proud
man, not choosing to accept charity upon the
terms which Congress may dictate—that Congress
has the right to give to South Carolina any money,
and to telfher whatsheshall do with it. Ithasno
right to do so. If I were to accept it at all, it would
be as a fair distribution of the public funds or land;
but if you can give it to South Carolina, to Indi-
ana, or to Michigan; and say to South Carolina,
Indiana, or Michigan, you may appropriate it for
the purpose of the poor and insane, is there any
limit upon it? Will you not have the right to
dispose of the public money for the purpose of
relieving the poor, for establishing military acad-
emies, or for establishing colleges? There is no
discretion except the discretion within the sphere
of our judgment; and our judgment may prescribe
a pretty broad sphere for its operation.
My friend from North Carolina, I recollect once,
when some one was opposing an appropriation,
asked how much it was. Some one said $5,000.
u That is little enough for the purpose," said he.
Another said it is $50,000. " Is that all," he re-
plied. With regard to this latitudinal proposition,
that you can prescribe to a State what she can do
with the funds which you give her, I regard it as
one of the most dangerous and mischievous that
could be adopted. If 1 were to introduce an amend-
ment to say that it should be for military acad-
emies, under the power of declaring war, 1 could
very well say that we should have these academies
for preparing officers and soldiers as the best point.
There would be some semblance of propriety in
that; but 1 know no jurisdiction of Congress over
the insane. Is that a national object ? Nor over
the poor. Is that a national object? Is a local
chanty to be controlled by legislative benevolence?
and is the Constitution to have no limitations but
such limitations as, I again repeat, the benevolence
of this body may dictate?
I heard the honorable Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Stuart] yesterday make a remark that these
lands ought to be settled by men who have hearts
and hands; and while I felt fully the force of
that, I knew that he could not, consistently with
himself, take the position without being in con-
flict with many propositions for which he and
many others have been voting. Are corporations,
and steam-engines, and railroads such tenants as
have hearts and hands? I have always under-
stood that a corporation had no soul; and yet they
will vote for grants of lands for corporations to
make railroads. They will vote for railroads at
one time; for money at another; for the insane at
another; and, taking it all m all, I know no limit
to the administration of the public funds and lands
except, I repeat, the limit ot legislative discretion;
and 1 am not going to trust to the discretion of
. any man. I say, if you adopt this, there is no
limitation at all. I am sorry to say that I shall
vote against it more reluctantly than against any
measure which has been brought before Congress;
for it is equal, it is just, and it is benevolent.
Mr. BROWN. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BROWN. I will ask him whether he did
nor, vote for the bounty land bill?
Mr. BUTLER. What bounty land bill?
Mr. BROWN. The bill making grant of land
to soldiers m the war of 181:2.
Mr. BUTLER. I have never heard of the bill.
It has not come up so far as I know. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BROWN. Many of the Senator's con-
stituents have got land under it, whether he has
heard of it or not. I refer to the bill of 1^47, grant-
ing bounty land to the soldiers in the war ot 1812,
and the Indian wars.
My object in asking the Senator the question
was this: When we passed that bill we certainly
did not propose to pay a debt that the Government
owed. The soldiers who had performed the ser-
vices had been fully paid otY and discharged long
before. Thirty years after they had peiformed
the services. Congress paid what the Senators and
Representatives chose to regard as a debt of grat-
itude, simply, by voting them a bounty in land.
It was scarcely a bounty, for it was not as an in-
ducement to the soldier to go to war; it was not
given to him in consideration of anything he had
done, but as a mere naked gratuity on the part of
the Government, in the dischaige of what is re-
garded as a sort of debt of gratitude. Now, if we
could appropriate lands to pay a debt of gratitude,
why can we not appropriate them to purposes of
benevolence as this bill proposes to (To? If you
can give to a soldier one hundred and sixty acres
of land, when you owed him nothing, when you
had paid him and discharged him, and he had
been pursuing his own business thirty years, why
can you not give a little land for the benefit of the
insane? In other words, if you can appropriate
land without a consideration to people capable of
taking care of themselves, and having all the
senses with which God has endowed them, why
can you not appropriate a little in the same way to
people who have not their natural senses, whose
minds are perfect blanks ?
Mr. BUTLER. I understand the hour has ar-
rived for the consideration of the special order,
but I will reply to my honorable friend now. I
did not expect to have this episode, but I will
reply.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will per-
mit the special order to he called up, and he can
go on to-morrow morning.
Mr. BUTLER. I always like to reply to an
interrogatory right off. I have always understood
that the soldiers employed by the United States,
as those connected with the Government of the
United States, as the agents of the United States,
should be rewarded by the Government, as all
nations do in relation to their own officers. The
militia of each State are not the soldiers of the
United States. All Governments have a pension
list. This was but a pension list in a new form; it
is a pension list bestowing upon the soldier who
encountered the perils of battle and left his home
to fight for the rights of his country, a pension.
And it is one of those things which enter into the
system of every country which employs soldiers
to conduct its operations of war. The soldiers of
1812 were not the officers of South Carolina, of
North Carolina, or of Virginia. Their services
were referable to a different authority—the author-
i ity of the United States. And allow me to say
upon that subject, though I might have originally
had doubts, I am one of those who, instead of
erecting monuments, piling up stones of marble,
and writingupon them splendid inscriptions of the
nation's gratitude, prefer, when soldiers and sail-
ors encounter dangers and perform duties upon
the battle-field, to make them living monuments
of my gratitude and magnanimity.
Mr. BROWN. That is all well enough.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the bill until to-morrow, so
that the Senate may proceed to the consideration
of the special order.
Mr. FOOT. I hope the Senate will take a vote
on the hill.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the special order will
be taken up, because I have a-word or two fur-
ther to say upon this bill.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. As the hour has arrived
for the consideration of the special order, is not
this bill postponed as a matter of course?
The PRESIDENT. As it is under considera-
! tion, it must be disposed of by a vote of the Senate.
| The motion to postpone was agreed to.
j TERRITORY OF NEBRASKA.
I The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
! to organize the Territory of Nebraska.
I Mr. CLAYTON continued and concluded the
speech which he commenced yesterday. .
Mr. CHASE next addressed the Senate.
Mr. BADGER interposed some remarks re-
specting a petition which had been presented by
■ the Senator from Ohio, in which Senators were
I severely animadverted upon.
! Mr. CHASE responded at some length.
' Mr. DIXON addressed the Senate in lelation
: to the position of the Senator from Ohio.
■ Mr. DOUGLAS obtained the floor, but he re-
] marked that, being desirous to take the vote this
! evening, he should not consume the time of the
J Senate by making an argument. He, however,
I yielded the floor to permit a discussion to continue,
| in which Mr. Dixon and Mr. Chase took part.
I Mr. CASS also addressed the Senate,
j Mr. STUART, Mr. BADGER, Mr. DOUG-
: LAS, Mr. WALKER, Mr. BUTLER, Mr.
| CASS, Mr. WELLER, Mr. DODGE, of Iowa,
i and others continued the debate until half-past six
! o'clock, when Mr. Chase's amendment was
| rejected—yeas 10, nays 36; as follows:
I YEAS—Metiars. Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Fessen-
