1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2087
after examining the whole subject, decided, as he
had a right to df> under the enlarged discretionary
powers given him by law, to annul the contract,
which he did, and made an entire new contract,
which is now in force, cutting off one of the lines
altogether, and a large portion of the way-service
called for in the printed proposals, reducing the
amount to be paid from $450,000 down to about
$300,000. This service, I understand, was to
have been commenced by the contractors, Glover
& Mather, some time last winter*, and, if my in-
formation is correct, (and I have no reason to doubt
it,) these contractors were ready, willing, and
fully prepared, on the day named in their contract,
to perform it; but on calling for the mail at the
post office both in Louisville and New Orleans,
they were told they could not have it, because the
boats on which they intended carrying it had taken
freight on board. The effect of this unjust, illegal,
and arbitray order has been to bring about the
very state of things of which the honorable Sen-
ators from Mississippi and Arkansas complain.
It has left the people of the great valley of the
Mississippi, from the falls of the Ohio to New Or-
leans, without any regular mail facilities, and forced
them to fall back upon the old plan of hiring such
transient boats from day to day, or from week to
week, as would undertake the service, which, in
reality, is little better than no service at all; for I
am informed that, under this system of shipping
the United States mail, it is not uncommon for«.
boat starting from New Orleans to Louisville
three, four, five, and sometimes six days behind
another having the mail on board, for the boat feat
starting to deliver her mails in advance of the
other. All experience proves that we cannot rely
upon this transient service for anything like sys-
tem or regularity in our mail communication upon
western waters. We must have a regular line,,
and this the public are now entitled to, under the
existing laws; and, as I said before,!?is no fault of
Congress that this service is not now performed.
It is the fault of those having charge of yotir postal
arrangements. It is they who have broken down
the contract regularly made, for a cause that is noth-
ing more than a mere pretext, and so regarded by
every man who knows anything about the expense
of navigating western waters by steam. Why,
sir, the idea of a steamboat running in any trade
on the Ohio or Mississippi river, and paying even
her expenses, without*carrying freight, is prepos-
terous; and any man at all conversant with the
facts involved in such a proposition, and would
deny it, is either insincere or demented. Freight
is the important item in the business of all western
steamboats, I care not m what trade they may be
engaged; and deny to any line of boats this priv-
ilege, and they would not pay their daily running
expenses, after adding on and paying them the
highest rate of compensation for mail service ever
paid on the Ohio or Mississippi rivers; and, sir,
in this position I will be sustained—fully sus-
tained—by every man who knows anything about
the subject of which 1 speak. The Senator from
Ohio knows what I say is true, (the Senator from
Ohio nods assent;) so do the Senators from
Tennessee, and doubtless others; but I have no
wish to prolong this debate now. We have not
time. All these facts will doubtless be before us
in another form. I shall content myself at present
with repeating, that I do not think the amendment
at all necessary; the law now in force is full,
ample; and it is only a willful disregard of that
law by those whose duty it is to see it executed,
that deprives the public of the mails they so much
need.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, I cannotvery
well appreciate the censure which seems to be at-
tempted to be cast upon the Postmaster General
in this case. It appears that his predecessor ad-
vertised for service on this route. There were
bidders for the service. A bid was accepted, and
a contract entered into for $450,000. After this
contrast was entered into, it was discovered by
certain gentlemen now in the Senate, that the ex-
tent of the service was greater than they deemed
necessary. They therefore addressed the Post-
master General a letter on the subject, represent-
ing to him thatthe service provided forby that con-
tract was greater than was necessary, and would
cost more than it was proper to allow. They de-
sired him to take the matter into consideration, as
he Senator from Indiana says, because he and
thers who signed the letter thought the chaiacter
of the contract was such, and the amount to be
paid was so great, that the whole scheme would
be broken down. The Postmaster General took
their letter into consideration; he received their
suggestions; he perceived their propriety, and he
acted in accordance with them, and disbanded the
contract. In reviewing the subject, he deemed a
modification of the contract to be necessary. He
altered the proposals. The persons who were the
first contractors came forward, accepted the mod-
ified proposals, and entered into a contract for
one daily line at #297,000 a year. It seems that
they were ready to perform that service at the spe-
cified time; but as there was, in the original pro-
posals, a provision that the boats to carry the mails
should not be freight boats, when they applied for
the mail, having nothing but freight boats, the
mail was refused them. Now, Mr. President, I
have traveled somewhat upon the Mississippi
and Ohio rivers, and I do say unqualifiedly that
the general class of freight boats there are not
proper for carrying the mails. Who that has been
at Louisville, or Cincinnati, orSt. Louis, or Mem-
phis, ^d other points, has not seen the annoy-
ances to which persons are put? A man sees the
shingle of one of these boats up to leave at a cer-
tain hour in the day. After seeing this, he will
go on board, pay his passage, take his baggage,
and yet he may notget off for three orfourdays;
and when he does get off, how is he treated ? Why,
they start down the river, and the first point they
come to the boat stops to take on board twenty,
or thirty, or forty hogsheads of tobacco, and so
it goes on.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not wish gentlemen to
argue on a supposed state facts. The Senator
is entirely mistaken. The mail boats start from
Louisville at a certain hour. They are bound to
do it; and unless they do, they are finable under
the law.
Mr. WALKER. I know whatthelaw requires,
and I know they advertise to start at a certain time,
but I have been stating the case as it actually ex-
ists. Every one who has traveled on these mail
boats knows that he is detained at every one of
the stopping points until theboatmakes up a cargo.
We have had some example of mail-bo^ts on the
Ohio river, and 1 say that those packets formerly
used, when I was in the habit of traveling on them,
the old White, the Ben Franklin, number 1, 2, 3,
and I believe they went up to 10, did not do a
freight business.
Mr. BRIGHT. They always did.
Mr. WALKER. They did an express busi-
ness, but they did not do a freight business, such
as was contemplated to be excluded under this con-
tract. I do not deem it proper that the Postmaster
General should be censured in this manner with-
out his views upon it being heard. For my part,
so far as I have witnessed his action, I believe he
would not violate an act of Congress; I believe he
would not run counter to Congress, and would
not set himself up in opposition to the legislative
department of the Government. I do not think he
has done so, and I venture to say when his expla-
nation is heard on the subject, he will give good
and sound reasons for the course he has pursued.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My friend from
Wisconsin may have traveled on the Mississippi,
but I do not think he knows much about it; and
his traveling there must have been in olden times.
Now, sir, the only difficulty in the way is the one
suggested by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Bright.] The Postmaster General, under the
law passed by Congress, issued proposals for car-
rying an express mail and a way mail on this
route. Certain Senators, believing that to be im-
practicable, addressed him a letter, and asked
him to change it. Glover & Co. were the con-
tractors under the first proposition. In obedience
to the suggestions pf those Senators, and yielding
to their experience as to that river—for all of them
either lived there, or had traveled much upon it—
the Postmaster General changed the order, and the
same company—Glover & Co.—took the contract
for carrying one daily mail on this line.
The Senator from Wisconsin says that after
this contract was made, the Postmaster General
did right in excluding them from carrying the
mails, because they earned freights. Now, let
me tell that Senator, that there never was a mail
carried on the Mississippi, or on any of its tribu-
taries, in any other character or class of boats.
The very line to which the Senator alluded, from
Cincinnati to Louisville, carries freight with every
mail, and makes money enough from the freight
to defray expenses. I know it; because I have
traveled on that line time after time. A mere
freight boat, with reference to tittie and speed, is
one thing, and the carrying of way freight is a
different thing. But to what does all that amount
to, and what right had the Postmaster General to
consider it? It was not in his contract. There
was his written and signed contract with Glover
&. Co. They gave abundant security, accord-
ing to his own requirements, to carry the mail
in accordance with the contract, ana his rem-
edy was under the contract. For him to set aside
his own contract, or rather a change of contract
made in obedience to the suggestion of Senators
interested in the matter, when there was no pro-
vision in that contract excluding the carrying of
freights, was a usurpation of power which ought
not to be tolerated by the Senate.
Mr. PRATT. Will my friend allow me to
ask him one question, for 1 wish to understand
this matter before I vote.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Certainly.
Mr. PRATT. 1 understand that the Postmas-
ter General issued an advertisement, by which he
asked for proposals to carry the mail in boats
which were not to carry freight. - Then a contract
was entered into which was silent in reference to
that point. Now, I ask my friend as a lawyer,
or I will ask any lawyer on this floor, whether,
when the contract was entered into under an ad-
vertisement which required that the party con-
tracting should not carry freight, the advertisement
would not be considered as part of the contract,
although the contract itself might be silent on the
subject?
Mr. BRIGHT. The honorable Senator is mis-
taken as to the fact.
Mr. PRATT. I ask for information.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. In the first place,
the facts are not as the Senator from Maryland
supposes; and, in the next place, I should differ
from my friend on the question of law, though
doubtless he is a better lawyer than I am. 1 do
not choose, however, to mix this question with
technicalities. I want the people of the valley of
the Mississippi to know how it is, and why it is,
that they have been denied the enjoyment of ad-
vantages and benefits which have been secured u>
all otner portions of the country. Besides, the
law guarantees them this mail service. A propo-
sition was made to carry the mail daily under the
law. That proposition was accepted by a respon-
sible company, under bonds, guarantees, ana se-
curity. The contract was set aside by the Post-
master General succeeding the one who made the
contract, under the advisement of Senators here,
and a new contract was made. The parties went
forward and consummated that contract, and pre-
pared their boats to carry it out. A boat at the
proper time was at the wharf at Louisville, with
steam up; but when the agent applied for the mails,
the postmaster refused to give them. Why? Be-
cause he said they were required to be carried
upon vessels which had no fre'ght. No such pro-
vision was in the contract, and it cannot be shown
in the contract. It never was there, and it could
not have been there, because no sensible man who
ever traveled on that river could believe, for a sin-
gle moment, that men would agree to carry a daily
mail from Louisville to New Orleans for $290,000
a year, and exclude everything else but the mail.
They were bound to carry it according to time.
They stipulated for time. They gave bonds and
security to carry it within that time. And the
Postmaster General refused to deliver them the
mail to carry. That, however, is not exactly the
point which I wish to get at.
Mr. HUNTER. I know my friend will par-
don me for interrupting him; but I wish to sug-
gest to him that we have but little time left. Wa
ought to be disposing of this bill. I wish to make
that suggestion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am as sensitive,
I hope, as any one here in regard to the rights and
interests of this Government, and I would defer
to the Senator from Virginia as soon as any Sen-
ator on this floor, but I have been told the same
thing over and over again since I have been here.
AH this important business is reserved to the
close of the session, and when untold millions
of dollars, and the rights and interests of my con-
stituents are at stake, I am told that the time is
