2088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
too short. If the time is too short, let gentle-
men offer a resolution to extend the time, and I
will vote for it; but sooner than see the rights of
my constituents disregarded, I would speak away
the last hour of the session, and feel that I had
violated no right of the constituents of the Sena-
tor'from Virginia, or of the country. We have
been postponed from year to year, and other
measures,have been carried forward; and now we
are told tli?t because the time is short, justice can-
not be done to nearly one half the States of this
Union.
But, sir, let me come to the point at which I
wish to arrive. ' I will ask the honorable Senator
from Indiana if, after the Postmaster General re-
fused to give the "mails to Glover & Co, because
they carried freight on their boats, he did not give
part of that sam.% contract to another company
who did carry freight on their boats from Louis-
ville to St. £,ouis? And did he not give them
$70,000 a year, without any .warrant of law,upon
a special and private contract, and allow them to
carry freight on their boatsI ask the honorable
SenAtor if he knows anything of that ?
Mr. BRIGHT. I will say, in reply, that I un-
derstand the company carrying the mail from
Louisville to St. Louis, before this contract was
entered into, received about $70,000 per annum
for that- service, and always carried both freight
and passengers, as every boat does on our western
rivers; I never heard of an instance where a boat's
business was confined exclusively to passengers.
After the mail was refused to Glover & Mather,
on the St. Louis branch of the line, the old con-
tractors, Rodgers, Shirlock & Co., were permitted
to go on and perform the same service at the old
rates, receiving the same compensation as before;
carrying freights, of course! for no boat in that,
or any other trade in the West, could pay ex-
penses and be debarred this privilege.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is just what
I supposed. Then here is your Postmaster Gen-
eral, so fastidious about his advertisements for car-
rying the mail, that, though he leaves it out of
his contract, he refuses to allow the mail to be
carried under a contract, on the ground that the
boats carry freight. Afterwards he turns round
and gives the best part of that contract to another
contractor, whose boats are carrying freight every
day, and that contractor is in this city to-day
drawing his money for that identical part of the
- contract—$70,000 for carrying the mail from Lou-
isville to St. Louis. And yet, from the mouth of
the Ohio to New Orleans, we are to have no mail
service, not even twice a week, or tri-weekly,
much less daily, because the Postmaster General
says his proposition was that no freight should
be carried upon the boats. If you can carry
freight on the mail boats from Louisville to St.
Louis, why not to Memphis, to Vicksburg, to
Natchez, to Napoleon, to New Orleans, and all
along the river ? There is something wrong about
this matter, and I think it is time to get at it.
Congress has accorded this service to us; ar.d if
your executive officers choose to set aside and
treat your edicts with contempt, it is time, I think,
that the Senate should stand up for its own dig-
nity, 'and read a lecture to such gentlemen as
choose to set aside the laws passed by the Con-
gress of the United States. This officer has vio-
lated the law for two years; he now refuses to
comply with it; and this amendment is intended to
obviate such difficulties as he suggests, and to en-
able him to carry it out. In my opinion, he will
not do it after you pass this.
Mr. BROWN. I am exceedingly anxious to
get a vote, quite as much so as my friend from
Virginia, and therefore I do not intend to make a
speech; hut I have a few words to say in expla-
nation. The law which my friend from Indiana
has read has been on the statute-book for two
years. It has not been executed. If it stands
there two years longer it will not be executed. I
will not take time to explain why it will not be.
But here is an amendment which expresses the
sense of Congress in such explicit terms that the
Postmaster General cannot misunderstand it.
More than that, it not only authorizes him to do
this thing, but requires him in so many words to
do it. There is another law behind which I know
the failure to execute this statute is sheltered,and
that is a provision in the General Post Office law,
which allows the Postmaster General to reject bids
for excess. He has two or three times advertised
under the law of the last Congress, and made no
contract. This amendment authorizes him l« ad-
vertise; and if he does not get bids which he can
accept, it requires him to make private contracts
to carry the mails at all events. What we want
is the service. I would rather have it by adver-
tisement; but if that fails time after time, and he
cannot by advertisement get such bids as he can
accept, then let him make private contracts; but
do not let us stand here to all eternity on mere
technicalities.
I think, witE my friend from Indiana, that the
Postmaster General has not discharged his duty
under this law. I believe he has rejected as ex-
cessive bids which were not so, and bids which
he ought to have accepted. Still he shelters himself
behind the law. I want to take away that shelter,
and put him in a position where he must make a
contract, and must have a mail carried. He can
make contracts under this provision; if it passes,
he will be compelled to do it, and he can make
tliem cheap. Without another word, I h pe the
vote will be taken.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Mississippi to allow me to renew, in
j part, the amendment which my colleague offered.
! Its object is to fill up the gap between Keokuk, in
the State of Iowa, and Galena, in the State at' Il-
linois. That is the only part of the Mississippi
river upon which the mail is not now carried by
steamboats. It is not carried, I believe, for the
reason that the Postmaster General does not be-
lieve he has authority to do it. The mail is carried
by steamboats from £$t. Louis to Keokuk daily,
and it is carried from Galena to St. Pauls daily.
There is a gap of about two hundred and fifty or
three hundred miles which I desire to see supplied;
and I hope, therefore, the Senator will agree to
I amend his amendment by inserting after "New
j Orleans" the words "and from Keokuk, Iowa,
I to Galena, Illinois."
j Mr. BROWN. That would not connect the
I lines together. My amendment is for one con-
| tinuous line from Cairo to New Orleans. Now,
\ my friend .proposes to commence above St. Louis,
and go from Keokuk to Galena, which would
make altogether a separate line. It ought to be
I offered as a separate amendment, and in that form
I will vote for it.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Suppose it be added
as a proviso to the Senator's amendment, in these
words:
Provided, That the Postmaster General be also author-
ized to contract for carrying a daily mail faom Keokuk to
Galena.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator can offer that as
a separate amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. If the Senator will not
accept it, I will not offer it now, because I do not
wish to embarrass the amendment of the Senator
from Mississippi.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Missis-
sippi.
Mr. PRATT called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will only repeat that 1 am
unwilling to give the Postmaster General any
such power as is contemplated by this amend-
ment, for the reason that he now has, under the
general law, authority to employ temporary ser-
vice at any time; and prior to and since the exe-
cution of the contract in this case has, as I am
informed, done it.
Mr. BELL. I think I cannot vote for this
] amendment, because I understand that it is an
abandonment of the claim of the West to have a
. daily mail between Cairo and New Orleans.
! Mr. JOHNSON. I do not regard it as an
' abandonment, and therefore I shall vote for it.
, Mr. BENJAMIN. I think the Senator from
Mississippi made an explanation, which, if it had
been listened to by the Senate, would have been
. entirely satisfactory,and would have shown gen-
I tlemen the necessity, the absolute necessity, of
I the section which he has proposed to add to the
; bill. The section of law, which was read by the
Senator from Indiana, provides, as follows:
li That it shall be the duty of the Postmaster General to
issue proposals andeontractforthe transportation of adaiJy
mail between Louisville and Cairo, St. Louis and Cairo/'
Now we come to the part between Cairo and
New Orleans:
" Cairo and Memphis, andMemphis and New Orleans,"
The law therefore restricts the Postmaster Gen-
eral distinctly in the service between Cairb and
New Orleans to two routes, one from Cairo to
Memphis, and the other from Memphis to New
Orleans; and it does not authorize htm to subdi-
vide those contracts. It does not authorize him
to make any other contract than these. It gives
him no discretion. It requires a daily mail be-
tween " Cairo and Memphis, and Memphis and
New Orleans." Now, as has been perfectly well
explained by the Senator from Mississippi, you
cannot contract for any reasonable sum for a daily
mail between Memphis and New Orleans, or be-
tween Memphis and Cairo; but if you will allow
the Postmaster General to contract for a daily
mail between New Orleans and Natchez or Vicks-
burg, and then allow him to make another con-
tract for the conveyance of the mail between
Natchez or Vicksburg and Memphis, and thus
subdivide this contract, so as to take advantage
of the daily packets between the intermediate
points on the river, you can get your mail carried
daily. The object, then, of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, is to enlarge the power granted to the
Postmaster General by this section of law, so as
to enable him to take advantage of the local
means of conveyance, and thereby attain the ob-
ject that all have so much at heart.
Mr. BELL. But does not the amendmentalso
provide that, if he thinks proper, he shall not
contract for a mail more than three times a week ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman does not
understand the section, I am satisfied. I do not
so read it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I so understand it.
Mr. BELL. And I.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the gentlemen will allow
'me to say a few words more, I shall abandon the
floor to them* The next point provided for* by
the Senator from Mississippi is this: It is true the
general law provides that the Postmaster General
shall have permission to reject bids when he ad-
vertises for proposals, provided they are in excess
of what he deems to be fair compensation for the
service rendered; and it is also true, as suggested
by the Senator from Indiana, that the Postmaster
General has power, under the general law, to pro-
vide for temporary service; but the section pre-
sented by the Senator from Mississippi is not in-
tended for one case or thft other. The section
presented by the Senator from Mississippi pro-
vides that, if the Postmaster General, after adver-
tising, shall find that the cost of carrying the mail
is greater than the exigencies of the service justify,
he shall be at liberty to reject the bids, and then
make private contracts without advertising for
the whole term for which he has advertised—not
a mere temporary contract to supply the deficiency
for a moment, but a permanent contract, if he can
do it on private terms, for less than the bids which
are offered in response to his advertisement.
Now, in relation to the tri-weekly rfiail of which
the Senator from Tennessee speaks. The pro-
vision of the Senator from Mississippi is simply
that, as between Memphis and Cairo, the Post-
master General shall be authorized to make the
mail a tri-weekly one, if he cannot succeed in
getting it carried daily on terms to suit him; but
between Memphis and New Orleans it is to be a
( daily mail.
j Mr. BELL. I think the honorable Senator is
I entirely mistaken. Let the amendment be read.
! Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand it to be as I
! have stated.
j Mr. BROWN. The provision is, "shall not
! be carried more than seven, nor less than three
| times a week each way."
| Mr. BELL. Certainly. If he finds thft a daily
j mail will cost more than he thinks ought to be ex-
i pended, he is authorized to establish a tri-weekly
mail, and no more. That is the ground on which
' I said it was a repeal of the former law. .
1 Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not so understand
! the amendment; but if that be the meaning of it,
I it can be easily altered so as to effect the object
which I know the Senator from Mississippi has
in view.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from Louisiana
[Mr. Benjamin] and myself do not disagree as to
the enlarged discretionary powers which the Post-
master General possesses under the general law
regulating his duties; and I will demonstrate that
he has exercised them to their fullest extent in
this case. In the first place, the proposals pro-
