1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1231
single, solitary fritnd of mine who has not been
ostracized by the present Administration. But if
other gentlemen can afford to gratify their hostility
towards the Administration by striking through |
the sacred and venerated principles of ihe Demo- j
craiic party, I, for one, have not, the courage, or :
perhaps I ought to say, the baseness, to Joliow !
them. It seems to me like firing the magazine of
a ship which contains some five hundred men—*
many among them being your nearest and dearest
friends—for the purpose of reaching its com-
mander, to whom you are opposed. I will fullow
no such example. The position that I now oc-
cupy is the position that t have always occupied— j
it is the position that every foan claiming to rep- i
resent the national Democracy affected to be in
favor of at the commencement of this session, i
when Mr. Douulas's bill was first introduced. I
recollect, very distinctly, that we talked over the j
matter, and decided to offer an amendment to that
hill in its then shape, repealing, m emphatic and !
direct terms, the Missouri compromise. If any
gentleman entertained a different sentiment, he
did not express it upon that occasion. I stand, ,
sir, now where I stood in 1848, when I traversed ;
almost every county of my State, and other
States too, to sustain the principle of self-govern-
ment, as get forth in the Nicholson letter, which
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Ylr. Banks]
yesteiday sadly misquoted by stating that it re-
ferred exclusively to territory thereafter to be
acquired, it meant all territory, and it was writ-
ten long before California was admitted—long
bpfore we knew upon what terms it would be
received.
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman from New
York read a passage from the letter referred to, if
I will hand it to him ?
Mr. WALSH. With the utmost pleasure.
" To apply them to new TVnitories to be acquired would
scarcely affect their tranquillity."
Our tranquillity has always been, and always
will be affected, as long as there are any traitors
among us. [Laughter.]
u Briefly I am opposed to the exercise of any jurisdic-
tion by Congre-5 over tins ma'ter, arid F am in favor of I.-av-
^ in<  to th« people of any Territory which mav be acquired ;
hereafter, :he ruilit to regulate it for themselves under the j
general principles of the Constitution." j
This does not conflict with what 1 have been
saying. My frferid who handed me that paper, (
said yesteiday that lie had not hud theadvantages {
of education which other gentlemen had received. 1
I think he is better off in that respect than I am; )
for I never attended school but three quarters, !
and then I believe I got turned out once or twice, i
[Laughter ] A man can be a man of education |
without being drilled through college. It is far |
better to know the men among whom one lives, ;
than to know of men who have been dead three |
thousand years. Ifl am deficient m classical lore, ;
I am pretty well booked up in the rascality of the ij
age m which we live. [Laughter.] It makes no i'\
odds how a. man gets up to the roof of a house, |!
whether he climbs by a ladder or goes up some
other way. 1 would not barter away all the
practical knowledge I have received in lumberand
ship-yards for all the Latin that was ever spoken
in ancient Rome. I had rather speak sense in one
plajn and expressive language,, than speak non-
sense in fifty. [Laughter.] Mr. Chairman, how
much time have I left, as that appears to be the
standing question ? [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. Half an hour.
Mr. WALSH. I will commence somewhere
again. [Laughter.] My fi iend from New York
[Mr. Dban] pledged his friends, in the early part
of this session, to support this bill. I never
pledge anything except I redeem it. As I said
befoie, the principle of this bill is the recognition
of the ability of the people for self-government.
If that principle is false, if it is erroneous, then
the whole theory of our Government is a lie; and !j
then the great men of the Revolution, whom and M
whose memory we have been taught from our |
earliest childhood to regard with veneration, have :|
been simply but idle, visionary, and impracticable :,
dieamers. The Federal party have always been '
afraid of the people; and I regret to say that they
have always found a sufficient number of slippery i
allies in the Democratic party, or rather upon its 'j
outskirts, to act with them. i1
I stand hereupon the same ground—and I trust |!
that the gentlemen elected upon the same grounds li
I was will listen to what I say—upon which we
stood at the commencement of thesessmn. I stand
where the national Democracy of New York,
and a great many of those with whom we differ,
stand. I stand where stood that noble-hearted,
lofty, and self-sacrificing patriot, to whom the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Miller] paid such
a just and magnanimous tribute yesterday. I
stand where Daniel S. Dickinson stands.
One of my Buffalo colleagues, [Mr. Matte-
son-,] at the early part of our New York contro-
versy—since then there-has been a kind of fusion,
and 4 do not know wherp to hunt him up now—
| stated that Daniel S. Dickinson had been offered
; the collectorship of the port of New York as an
j evidence of the desire of the Administration to do
justice to the national Democracy; and he ex-
pressed his great surprise that he had not at once
i availed himself of the offer, with hundreds of
I offices at his disposal. Sir, 1 was in Washington
! when Daniel S. Dickinson was appointed. I was
| in Washington when the arch-intriguers of the
i Cabinet suggei-tei that little piece of pettifogging
j artifice. 1 was in Washington at the time; and
! when I was urged to telegraph Mr. Dickinson,
; and request him to accept the office, I said that
, I would rather telegraph him to hang himself.
[Laughter.] The idea of making a tide-waiter of
n man who had refused the Presidency of the
United Stares to attest his sincerity and devotion
to his friends ! Datfiel S. Dickinson, and all those
who claim to belong to the Hards of New York, j
have beensneered at repeatedly on this floor during !
the early pait of the session. And when this j
Administration came into power—when we were [
all supposed to be standing on the Baltimore plat- I
form—a portion of the Democracy of New York, '
who were false towards the principles of the Dem- i
ocratic party, concentrated their spite on him, and
asked that his head should be brought to them,
like the head of John the Baptist, on a salver,
that they might exhibit their hostility to him for
his devotion to the Constitution.
But, sir, if Daniel S. Dickinson lives, and if a
sturdy, well-knit frame, a sound and vigorous con-
stitution, a conscience which can look back m
proud and serene approval on every act of his
glorious and eventful life; if the prayers of the
true-hearted, the virtuous, and the patriotic, and
the bitter, inexorable hatred of the vile, the venal,
and the perfidious, can prolong a good man's life,
he has, thank Heaven, a good square quarter of
a century yet to devote to the welfare of this
couutry, foi which he has already made such
gigantic sacrifices, and to which he has rendeted
such numerous and inestimable service^—he will
have his reward. Yes, sir, if Daniel S. Dickinson
lives, he will yet receive the acknowledgments,
and, I trust, also, the reward which a grateful
and generous people—when not thwarted in their f
wishes, as has been, I regret to say, too often i
latterly the case, by intriguing and mercenary !
demagogues—rarely fail to bestow, ultimately,on
their able, devoted, and disinterested benefactors.
And when, sir, at length he shall be called from
among us; when all that is mortal of him shall be
returned to the mother earth; and when the bright
green grass shall bloom, in its freshest verdure,
on the moist sod which rests lightly upon his bold,
manly, and patriotic breast, the record of his gal-
lant deeds1, and of his noble, fearless, and spotless '
life, shall shine forth as a brilliant beacon to en- '
courage and cheer the sinking hopes, and to rein-
vigorate the faltering steps of future travelers,
whose instincts may perhaps have taught them to
be equally true, equally faithful, and equally patri-
otic, but whose hearts shrank back and trembled
at the dark and dreary ordeal through which they
must successfully pass ere they are permitted to
reach the cherished objects of their fondest hopes.
Daniel S.Dickinson affords a bright and bril-
liant contrast to the time serving and timid course
of many other public men. Daniel S. Dickinson
stands before the American people as an honor to
any aee, as an honor to any party; and when I
can have the indorsement of such a man for the
measure now before this House, I feel no fear in \',
following his honest and patriotic example. j1
Sir, I felt as much disappointment, as much in-
dignation as any of my colleagues could, at the
ostracism to which we were subjected when this
Administration came into power. I was reading a
little extract this morningin a newspaperfrom an
English writer, wherein he describes a poor, virtu-
ous girl, shivering and famishing upon the steps
of a Magdalen asylum, into which she was refused
admittance upon the ground of notbeing qualified.
So when I passed the White House last spring, I
felt that I was excluded from the favor of its in-
mates because I had not first passed through all
the degraded and debased stages of political pros-
titution. [Laughter.]
Sir, Goldsmith, in one of his admirable essays,
makes a Chinaman say to an Englishman, that
" you punish vice, but we do more. We reward
virtue." The present Administration, at least in
the earlier stages of its power, seems to have re-
] pudiated both of these maxims by bestowing its
| blandest smiles and richest favors upon men who
- had rendered themselves eminently conspicuous,,
i and infamously conspicuous, as traitors to the
I Democratic party of the Union. I ask no favor
| f the Administration. No relative of mine ever
i held a public office; and I would rather follow
every relative of mine to the grave than to see
! him receive a favor at the hands of the Adminis-
! tration. Sir, the Admmistiation is only a thing^or
| a day. It has an existence that is to continue two
j yeais and ten months only. But the principles of
; the Democratic party aie as immutable as the laws
; that govern the universe itself, and I trust they
| may prove as enduring. Mr. Chairman, I believe
I if it had not been for the course pursued by the
{ Administiation when it came into power, they
; would not have found the Democratic majority of
1 eighty-odd in this Hall scattered and divided upon
j one of its leading measures.
i Sir, there are two or three men in the Cabinet
I who are looked upon with more favor by some of
! my colleagues than they have been looked on by
; me. I have not crossed the threshold of the
I President's domain since I have been in Wash-
j ington. You may search the records of the Pres-
; ident's Puvate Secretary, and you may also search
; the records of every Department of the Govern-
j ment,andyou will not find asniglesolitary recom-
l mendation for office coming from me; for 1 ex-
| pected nothing different from what has occurred,
j Whenever I see the great men of the nation
i eibowed out of the way to make room for others,
! who, no matter how good they may be, have not
made their impress upon the history of the coun-
try, I can always see a bargain behind which
does not appear upon its face.
No, sir, I have not been deceived. But I would
say to the intriguers of this Administration—and
1 I do not chaiacterize them all as such; on the con-
i traty, theie are men in the Cabinet who would
! do honor to any stage of our nation's history-—
] but let me say to the intriguers, who look out of
j the northern window of that room wheie so many
j treacherous and contradictory schemes have been
devised, upon the equestrian statue of that immor-
j tal hero whose iron nerves, resistless will, and
j changeless purpose, invariably triumphed when-
! ever and whei ever the Constitution of his country
i and the great cardinal principles of his party were
j either assailed or threatened. Let them look
i there, and blush with shame at their faithless vacil-
I lation. Let them look nearer, within the incloa-
I ure, and under the very windows of the White
; House, upon the stern figure of the illustrious
| father of Democracy, the inspired author of the
; Declaration of Independence, and recoil abashed at
j their own gross departure from the pure patriotic
! principles to which he so fearlessly and unswerv-
- ingly adhered. Let them look to the South, upon
, the waters of the Potomac—that classic stream, hal-
lowed by so many recollections of the past; that
stream whose waves wash the shore where rest the
sacred ashesof the Father of his country. Let them
gazeupon thelofty column now risingto perpetuate
his memories; then let them look up into the broad,
blue canopy of heaven, wherein is mirrored that
purity, that nobleness of character to which man
should aspire—and while thus engaged m this sim-
ple duty, let them pause and determine whether
these circumstances, whether circumstances so
eminently calculated to inspire nobler sentiments,
will not at least awaken them to a consciousness
of their own selfish and disreputable intriguing.
Let them then remember that to their temporary
keeping is now confided the destinies of the same
great, glorious, and promising Union, at the head
of which,at three several and equally eventful pe-
riods, stood this departed trio. Let them remem-
ber that they are at the head of a Republic which s
is now the only beacon of hope for long suffering
