1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2089
vided, aa I said when I was first up, that the ser-
vice should be double, and upon low pressure
boats; and the bid was accepted at §450,000; but
upon the representation of those Senators whose
names I read a few moments since, that such ser-
vice was not adapted to the western waters, that
there was too much of it, that the public would
be satisfied with less, the Postmaster General at
one stroke of his pen swept all out, annulled the
contract, and directed his assistant to make a
written proposition to the present contractors,
saying we will pay you, not $450,000, as has
been agreed upon by the original proposals, but
$297,000, reducing the service, lengthening the
time, altering the character of the boats to per-
form the service, and changing it generally.
This the Postmaster General had a perfect right
to do; but had he a right to make a contract, in-
volving the great responsibilities as this contract
did, silent as to the privilege and right of the con-
tractors to carry freight, and after the time arrived
for th# commencement of its performance, to set
up the absurd nonsensical objection that the boats
provided to carry the mail had freight on board,
and therefore the mail could not be delivered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator will permit
me to say that I do not at all pretend to defend
the past action of the Postmaster General, but I
wish to place it beyond his power to deprive us,
hereafter of this mail. ~
Mr. BRIGHT. I was about further to remark,
that if a proposition inhibiting these contractors
from carrying freight had been proposed, I am in-
structed by them to say that they would have said
at once, it is impossible to perform it on such
terms. 1 am informed, and believe, that the act-
ual running expenses of vessels from Louisville
to New Orleans and back, such as these contract-
ors had provided for carrying this mail, are from
$5,000 to $6,000 per trip. Now, what is the rate
of compensation whicli they were to receive per
trip for carrying this mail? A friend has just
handed me a statement which shows that from
Louisville to New Orleans and back, the round
trip, as it is called, the pay would be less than
$500, being less than one tenth of the amount re-
quired to pay the actual running expenses of the
vessel performing it.
$J1 the facts connected with this matter go to
prove that the Postmaster General knows little or
nothing about the wants of our western constitu-
encies, and still less about our commerce and-
postal arrangements. For one, I do not believe
the amendment pending, if adopted, will enlighten
him in the least, and lest it might, per possibility,
be construed into an approval of his course, I
shall vote against it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. To obviate the
difficulty suggested by the Senator from Indiana,
I propose to amend the amendment of my friend
from Mississippi by adding these words:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be so
construed as to justify the Postmaster General in failing or
refusing to execute the law passed at the last Congress
providing for a mail service on the M ississippi river, or m
anywise to impair the rights of paities heretofore con-
tracting for this service.
I hope my friend from Mississippi will accept
this proposition.
Mr. BROWN. I have modified my amend-!
ment so as to meet the views of the Senator fromJ
Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] and I trust also my frienti
from Indiana, by adding:
And said mail shall be carried daily from Cairo to New
Orleans; and the Postmaster General is authorized, at hi
discretion, to restrict the delivery of the mail at all othe
points than Cairo, Memphis, Napoleon, Vicksburg, Nat-
chez, Baton Rouge, and New Orleans, to three mails a
week each way.
I tried to explain before, that to undertake to
deliver a daily mail at all the little offices on the
bank of the river would be wholly impracticable;
and if it could be done, the people would considei
it a decided bore. They want no such service
but the great points do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart,
in the chair.) As the yeas and nays have beer
ordered, it requires the consent of the Senate tc
allow the modification to be made.
Mr. BROWN. 1 suppose there can be no ob
jection to my modifying it as I have proposed.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have no more objection tc
that than to the whole amendment. I am opposed
to giving the Postmaster General more enlarged
discretionary power than is necessary. Under
the general law, as I stated before, the Postmas-
ter General has all the authority that is proposed
to be given by the amendment; and the only rea-
son for the amendment is to seem to legalize that
which ought not to be legalized.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does the Senator
from Mississippi accept the amendment which I
suggested ?
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to adding
this proviso;
Provided, That nothing herein shall be construed to in-
terfere with existing rights of parties.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That will accom-
plish the object I have in view.
Mr. BROWN. That is perfectly right.
Mr. BRIGHT. I would rather take the vote
on the amendment as it is offered, and afterwards
on the proposition of the Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. BROWN. Very well; I will afterwards
vote for the amendment of the Senator from Ten-
nessee myself.
The question being taken on the amendment by
yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 18, nays 25; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bell, Benjamin, Brown,
Clay, Cooper, Dawson, Dodge, of Iowa, Douglas, Fitz-
patrick, Johnson, Jones, of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Se-
bastian, Slidell, Thompson of Kentucky, and Weller—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bright, Brodhead, Butler,
Cass, Chase, Clayton, Fessenden, Foot, Geyer, Gillette,
Houston, Hunter, James, Mason, Norns, Pratt, Rockwell,
Rusk, Seward, Stuart, Toombs, Toucey, Wade, and
Walker—35.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill.was reported to theSenate as ttmended,
and the question was stated to be on concurring in
the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. PEARCE. There is oneamendment which
it seems to me violates the rules of the Senate. I
refer to the one appropriating money for arrears
of pay due to a clerk in the Post Office Depart-
ment. I inquire whether that is not contrary to
the rules of the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
The first question is on concurring in the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole. The
Senator from Maryland can have that amendment
excepted if he wishes.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask to have it excepted, so
that the question may be decided.
The Presiding Officer put the question on all the
other amendments, made as in Committee of the
Whole; and they were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment which
was excepted at the request of the Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. PEARCE. It seems to me that that is out
of order. 1 make that point.
Mr. RUSK. Is it not too late ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is too late to make the point of order, as
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, have
agreed to the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
still open to amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I now move as an amend-
ment the section which was offered by the Sena-
tor from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] and rejected.
It may be a matter perfectly agreeable to gentle-
men on this floor to give a vote of censure against
the Postmaster General, and I do not know that
I should b®disposed at all to object to their gratifi-
cation of that desire, if it were not at the expense
of my constituency, and, as I believe, of the inter-
ests of the whole valley of the Mississippi. Now,
sir, unless some amendment of this kind is put in
this bill, it is perfectly certain we shall remain
subject to the same inconveniences in the valley
of the Mississippi, to which we are now subject,
and have been for the last five or six years. Gen-
tlemen object to the passage of this amendment
on the ground that the law, as it was passed two
years ago, provided a daily mail for us m the val-
ley of the Mississippi; and to our remonstrances
that we do not get that mail, that we are deprived
of the facilities which all other portions of the
Union enjoy, the answer is, that it is the fault of ,
the Postmaster General; that the Postmaster Gen- ,
eral does not execute the law; that the law is well J
enough as it is, and the evident intention is to pass
a vote of censure on him. Now, sir, if they will ii
offer a distinct and independent vote of censure
on the Postmaster General I may vote for it, so
that I can get my mail. But to take the postal
service of the whole valley of the Mississippi, and
sacrifice it to the mere gratification of a desire to
reprimand the Postmaster General for his neglect
of his duties, is what I think the Senate, on reflec-
tion, will not be willing to do.
Mr. WELLER. It is just the other Way.
The vote is an approval of his conduct, as far as
it goes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. So far from that, gentle-
men said they rejected this section because the
law, as it stood, was sufficient; and the object is
to reprimand the Postmaster General for not hav-
ing executed the law as it stood. They say that
the law, as it stood, was sufficient; and tljat, if
we have not all the mails, it is the fault of the
Postmaster General. The Postmaster General
says, he does not construe the law as gentlemen
on this floor do. We propose, by this amend-
ment, to give him such a law as will make it im-
possible for him to violate the intention of the
Senate and of the other branch of Congress. We
do this with a view of securing a daily mail for
the valley of the Mississippi. I can see no reason
for refusing to make this provision declaratory of
the intention of Congress, other than a desire to
censure the Postmaster General for non-compli-
ance with the law. As I have already said, I re-
peat, this is a vote of censure on the Postmaster
General, to which, as such, I have no objection,
provided gentlemen will not pass it at the expense
of my constituents.
Mr. GEYER. I ask that the amendment may
be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be authorized and required to establish a mail on
the Mississippi river from Cairo to New Orleans ; and that
he contract for the same in one line, or in such divisions or
sections, or both, as may be most compatible with the
public service. And to facilitate the execution of this sec-
tion, the Postmaster Genera! may make immediate tempo-
rary arrangements for carrying said mail by the trip; and if
he fails to obtain acceptable bids, after advertising for thirty
i days, he may make private contracts forcarrymg said mail.
\ And the said mail shall be carried daily from Cairo to New
[ Orleans, and the Postmaster General is authorized, at his
j discretion, to restrict the delivery of the mail at all other
[ points than Cairo,Memphis,Napoleon,Vicksburg,Natchez,
Baton Rouge, and New Orleans, to three mails a week each
i way.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not know, Mr. Presi-
! dent, how the Senate may construe the vote which
| has been taken. Whether they concur in the
; opinion expressed by the Senator from Louisiana
! or not, is a matter of very little consequence, so
, far as the merits of this question is concerned. The
i Senate having voted by yeas and nays on this
| question understanding^, I feel quite sure they
| will not reverse that vote without some other bet-
1 ter reason than yet heard offered. Now, sir, I
; repeat that the law which has been read, author-
| izes the Postmaster General, without another word
; of legislation, to enter into a contract to carry the
i mail to and from any points between Louisville
! and New Orleans; and permit me to say, that I am
| cjuite as anxious to see this much needed service
i in operation as any Senator present, gnd will aid
in such legislation as may be necessary to effect
| the object; but I cannot consent to redeclare a law
1 so plain m all its provisions as the one which has
been disregarded, and not executed in this instance.
All the gentleman's argument about giving power
to the Postmaster General to employ temporary
service is wasted upon me. That power the Post-
master General possesses now, and has for years
, past, and it has been exercised often before and
since the making of the contract over the route in
controversy. Hence I say, if the power given
1 under existing laws is not plain and broad enough
to demand and secure this service, nothing we can
enact will.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, really, I do
not understand the tactics of my friend from In-
diana, although he is about as easily understood
as any Senator upon this floor. I voted for the
amendment of the Senator from Mississippi, and
the reason was simply this: I understand that
under the previous law, the Postmaster General
thought there was some discretion in him, and
under that law he refused to make this contract,
' or, having made the contract, he set it aside. The
object which the Senator from Mississippi has in
view is to compel him to make a contract for th e
transportation of the mail on these rivers. Now,
