522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March '2,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
decided that gentlemen must confine themselves
strictly to argument for or against the particular
amendment under consideration.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The question then recurring on the amendment,
it was rejected.
Mr. COBB. I desire, Mr. Chairman, to offer
an amendment here, and I know that the chairman
of the committee who reported the bill [Mr. Daw-
son] will have no objection to it. My amendment
is to insert in the sixth line, after the word " un-
appropriated" the word "agricultural." The
object of this is to confine the settlers in making
locations to agricultural lands; and I know there
can be no objection to the introduction of that
provision.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania accept the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Alabama?
Mr DAWSON. Not at all. I do not accept it.
Mr. COBB. Well then, sir, if the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is not disposed to accept of
anything which would improve the bill, I propose
to show to the committee the propriety of the
adoption of the amendment that 1 have suggested.
The gentleman's bill as it now stands authorizes
citizens to locate on any of the unappropriated
public lands of the United States, mineral as well
as agricultural lands. Is it the object of this House
that citizens shall have the privilege of locating on
quarter sections of mineral lands? If so then do
not vote for my amendment. But, if it be the ob-
ject of the House to confine settlers to quarter sec- ]
tions of agricultural land, you will vote for it.
This is all I have to say in support of it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Alabama one question. It is,
whether mineral lands are subject to private entry
now ?
Mr. COBB. Youhavenot the words " private
entry" in the bill.
Mr. JONES. If the gentleman from Alabama
will look at the last page of the bill, he will find
that these words are used:
" Provided, however, That all persons entering land under
the provisions of this act shall, as near as may be practica-
ble in making sueli entries, be confined to each alternate
quarter section, anil to land subject to pnvate entry: Jlni
provided further, That nothing in this act shall he so con-
strued as to impair, or interfere m any manner whatever,
with existing preemption rights."
Mr. COBB. 1 will state, so far as that ques-
tion is concerned, that it was referred to the Com-
missioner of Public Lands when we had the
question under consideration in our committee,
and he suggested the importance of such an amend-
ment. If the House think that the amendment is
unnecessary, and that the bill is explicit enough
in its present condition, why let them so determ-
ine by voting for the bill as it stands. If this
provision, on the contrary, be deemed requisite,
and that settlers shall not be authorized to enter
on any mineral land, then the amendment does no
harm. So the House can vote just as it pleases.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. 1 will ask the gen-
tleman from Alabama another question. Are
there any lands in the United States which are
designated, by the laws concerning them, as agri-
cultural lands?
Mr. COBB. Some of these lands to be thus
open to pnvate entry may yet be discovered to be
mineral lands. And when they are located on by
persons claiming under the provisions of this act,
and when the settler gets title under these provis-
ions, of course he wilfthen hold the land, although
it may afterwards be discovered to be mineral.
For my part I am satisfied that the amendment
which 1 have proposed ought to be adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Illinois propose to oiler an amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman from Alabama?
Mr. WASHBURNE. No, sir; I do not pro-
! that.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the question is on
the amendment of the gentleman from Alabama.
The question was taken, a division was called
for, and the Chair announced 48 votes in the
affirmative.
Tellers were called for, and ordered.
Mr. COBB. My five minutes have not been
exhausted. I wish to satisfy the House 
pose t
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The gentle-
man from Alabama yielded the floor, and is not
entitled to it again.
Mr. PRATT. Will the Chair state the ques-
tion to be voted on.  
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama proposes to amend the bill by adding in the
sixth Une, after the word "unappropriated" the
word " agricultural," so that the bill will read
<< be entitled to enter free of cost one quarter-
section of vacant and unappropriated agricultural
public lands, or a quantity equal thereto," and so
forth. On that question tellers are ordered.
Messrs. Hill and Dean were appointed tellers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is the ques-
tion open to debate still'
The CHAIRMAN. It is open to an amend-
ment to the amendment, but is not open to debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not understand the
object of the amendment. .
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman wish
to opptise it?
Mr. WASHBURNE. Yes; I desire to say a
word. Mr. Chairman, I desire to inquire of Uie
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] the meaning
of his amendment. Was the word "agricultural'
introduced simply in contradistinction to the word
"mineral?" Will the gentleman from Alabama
be kind enough to answer?
Mr. COBB. I mean that they shall be permitted
to locate upon such lands as they can cultivate for
agricultural purposes. I use the term in contra-
distinction to mineral lands.
As the gentleman has asked me the question, I
will take the occasion to explain myself; and it is so
clear of objection that I think any man who will
consider the subject for one moment will come to the
same conclusion that I have arrived at. If lands
are discovered, even a day after this bill passes,
to be mineral lands, although individuals have
located upon them, they cannot be reserved from
sale.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I can perceive, from the
gentl eman's explanation, that if the bill be amended
in the manner w'hich he proposes, very great ob-
jections will arise to it. He says he uses the word
"agricultural" in contradistinction to the word
"mineral. " Other gentlemen may take the ground
first suggested—that it means land susceptible of
cultivation or improvement, and not timber land,
or land of some other character.
As tegards the object of the gentleman's amend-
ment, it is to prevent mineral lands from being
taken up under this law. But, as I understand the
matter, there are no mineral lands, known under
that term, which are subject to private entry. 1
live in a mineral country, in an old mining coun-
try, and those mineral lands were never subject to
private entry until after Congress had passed a
special act, making them liable to private entry at
double the minimum price. There are none of
those lands which are now subject to private entry
at the minimum price, and very few at any price.
Those that have not been entered are tracts m the
mining region upon which no mineral has been
struck, and which is worthless for agricultural
purposes.
Hence I can see, very plainly, the embarrass-
ment which the adoption of this amendment would
lead to. It would not affect anything, as there are
no mineral lands which can be entered tinder the
existing laws; and, besides, other questions might
arise upon the meantngof the term "agricultural,"
which the gentleman proposes.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I propose to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Alabama,
by inserting after the word "agricultural" the
words "except mineral lands."
I am not disposed to leave any confusion in ref-
erence to the meaning of our action here. If it be
| nut the puipose of the House to allow mineral land
| to be occupied, I ask why the objection to this
amendment? Will any gentleman tell me' Sup-
i pose my proposed amendment is surplusage and
' unnecessary, no harm can result by having it in-
i serted. Surely it must be the purpose of this House
not to allow an act of this sort to be open to ques-
I tion and litigation hereafter. Now we know that
! one hundred and sixty acres of mineral land may
! be a princely fortune, and far beyond the benefits
■ which are proposed to be conferred by this bill.
But, sir, that is not all. It is necessary that this
! amendment should be adopted because of the
1 language of the bill. What is it? Look at the
bill. I see that, according to all established
principles of interpretation, it repeals, as far as all
the previous legislation of this country goes in
reference to mineral lands, all previous provisions
upon this subject. It says:
" They shall enter, free of cost, one quarter section of
vacant and unappropriated public lands."
I do not care whether they are agricultural or
mineral. And yet, under the terms of this bill, if
mineral and yet agricultural, persons may have a
right to locate upon them. Why not adopt an
amendment which leaves no room for controversy ?
And in order to effect that object I submit my
amendment, thinking that it ought to be adopted.
Mr. B1SSELL. 1 think there is much in what
the gentleman from Alabama has said, as also in
what has fallen from the gentleman from Virginia.
We certainly do not design or desire to embrace
any other lands in this bill than what are called
agricultural; yet there is the difficulty, so far as
the amendment of the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Cobb] is concerned, that "agricultural " is
not a legal term as applied to lands. It does not
designate any character of lands very distinctly,
because it will occur to any gentleman that upon
a tract of land of one hundred and sixty acres
there may be one hundred acres properly suscep-
tible of cultivation, and at the same time there may
be valuable mineral lands upon it.
There is another thing to which I wish to al-
lude. Although, as gentlemen have said, there
may be no mineral lands now subject to private
entry, no lands recognized as mineral lands by
the General Government; yet suppose that the
next day after the passage of this act valuable
mineral lands are discovered. Under its provis-
ions, the Commissionerofthe General Land Office,
having no power to withdraw those lands from
sale to persons embraced m this bill, could at once
locate and secure them. I do not think that
would be accordance with the intent of those who
support the bill. Although there may be no lands
denominated as mineral lands subject to entry,
yet there may be next week, and there would be
no power, except in Congress, to prevent persons
from taking them up at once.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there any de-
scription of lands excepted from the grants to rail-
roads under the alternate section bill?
Mr. BISSELL. I am not prepared to answer
that question. 1 know in some eases that excep-
tion of a certain description of land has been
made, and in others no exception may have been
made. I do not concede that it alters the case one
way or the other. There is another point to which
I wish to allude. There is a description of lands
which I am sure gentlemen do not mean to em-
brace in this bill, and they are the reserved sec-
tions upon the various railroads to which we have
made grants. Is it the intention of this committee,
by this bill, to allow any man who may choose to
move upon the reserved sections, which are held
at §2 50 an acre, to appropriate them to his own
use? Most certainly not. Iam sure I am not
mistaken in saying, that it is not the idea of a
single member of this committee that any such
result would follow from the enacimentof this bill.
These lands, then, the reserved sections upon
these lines of railroad; these lands which may be
mineral ought to be reserved; and I propose, if ihe
amendment now pending be voted down, to offer
the following amendment, which, I think, will
obviate all difficulty in regard to this matter: I
propose to insert, after the words " unappropri-
ated lands," the following: "Which may at the
time of the application be subject to private entry
at the minamum price;" that is, at a dollar and a
quarter pfr acre. That implies reserved sections,
and it will permit the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office to withdraw lands from sale, or
from being taken up, under this bill, whenever it
shall be discovered that they contain valuable min-
erals. I think, therefore, that if this little amend-
ment be adopted, should the others he voted down,
it will accomplish both objects.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. With the consent
of the committee I will withdraw my amendment,
and allow that of the gentleman from Illinois to
come in.
There was no objection; and Mr. Smith's
amendment to the amendment was accordingly
withdrawn.
Mr. COBB. If there be no objection, a3 the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois pro-
