2090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
lU
th& Senator from Indiana says he is in favor of
that; he wants the maiis carried; but he enter-
tains a different opinion in regard to the original
law from that entertained by the Postmaster Gen-
eral. As there is a difference of opinion between
the executive and the legislative branch of the
the Government, it has become necessary to legis-
late still farther. The Senator from Mississippi
now proposes to put the law in such a shape that
there will be no discretion in the executive de-
partment, and that the Postmaster General will
be compelled to give them this mail, which is so
much demanded by the public interests. The last
vote, in my judgment, is an approval of the con-
duct of the Postmaster General in refusing to
make that contract. In other words, so far as
the effect of that vote is concerned, it is declaring
that the Postmaster General has exercised his dis-
cretion, if he has any discretion over the subject,
in the proper way. I want the mail; and what
have I to do to accomplish it? I have to vote for
an amendment which puts it on such grounds
that the Postmaster Genera! dare not refuse to
enter into a contract. That is the reason 1 vote
for the amendment.
I do not undertake to censure the Postmaster
General. It is a matter of no sort of consequence
to me whether he has acted properly or not, in
the past. 1 desire to put the law in such a shape
that he will not dare, as an executive officer, to
refuse to carry it out. The Senator from Indiana
refuses to go with me. That is the whole of it.
I want the mail, and he says he wants it. The
Postmaster General says he has not power to do
otherwise than he has done. The Senator thinks
he has. There is a difference of opinion. To ob-
viate that difficulty which exists between the De-
partment and certain Senators here, I voted for
the amendment. That amendment, if it effects
anything, will compel the Postmaster General to
make a contract.
Mr. BROWN. The vote just given is neither
a positive indorsement of the conduct of the Post-
master General, nor a vote of censure. While
one Senator, judging from the debate, has evidently,
felt inclined to censure the Postmaster General
for fading to do what the law required, others
have voted against the amendment, because they
thought a vote in favor of it would be a censure on
him. Those disposed to censure him by vote,
and those disposed to screen him for censure, have
evidently acted together to vote down this amend-
ment.
.Now, 1 wish to call attention to one fact, and I
hope the Senate will attend to it. All the Senators
from the States through which this line runs from
Cairo to New Orleans, have voted for the amend-
ment, while those who live off the line, and have
no direct interest in it, have voted it down. The
two Senators from Arkansas, the two Senators
from Tennessee, the two Senators from Louisiana,
and the two Senators from Mississippi, (covering
the whole of the country between Cairo and New
Orleans, except a small portion of Kentucky,)
have voted for this amendment. Now, f ask Sen-
ators whether we ought not to have the right to
speak first m reference to the arrangement of our
own mail affairs; and if the amendment is accept-
able to the Senators through whose country the
line runs, ought it not to be acceptable to Senators
elsewhere? 1 respectfully submit to my friend
from Indiana, whether his opinion that the Post-
master General has failed in the performance of
his duties under the law, ought to operate to the
detriment of my constituents? I care not what
may be the opinions entertained by my friend 1
from Indiana, of the conduct of the Postmaster :
General? I am standing up here speaking for \
justice; appealing, in the name of a people who i
have no mail facilities, for the passage of this j
amendment; and I especially submit again, that if i
the two Senators from Arkansas, the two from ]
Tennessee, the two from Louisiana* and the two j
from Mississippi, being the Senators most imme- |
diately and directly interested in this question, '
think this proposition will be effective, ought we >
not to have it. !
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. And the Senators from !
Iowa voted for it.
Mr. BROWN. But that part of the river
through which this mail is to run does not touch j
Iowa. I do not say that other Senators ought to j
take it, as a matter of course, because we vote for j
it; but I do say that those of us who live imme-1
diately on the line, ought to know more about it
than those who live further off. My friend from
Indiana may feel like censuring the Postmaster
General for failing to perform his duty, and 1 shall
not stop to screen that officer, for i think myself
he has not discharged his whole duty; but 1 wish
something done in this matter. The Postmaster
General, for two years, has stood out against the
execution of the law* Now, what does my friend
from Indiana propose to do ? Suppose he stands
out two years longer, are my constituents to be
all this time without mails, because my friend
from Indiana thinks the Postmaster General ought
to do the very thing which the Postmaster Gen-
eral thinks he ought not to do? I ask my friend
if this were a matter in which the people of Indi-
ana were directly interested, and he brought for-
ward a proposition on the subject, he would think
it proper to haveitdefeated as this has been? The
Mississippi river, from Cairo to New Orleans, does
not run by Indiana at all. My friend has a daily
mail on the Ohio river along his State, and so have
the Senators from Missouri on the Mississippi,
in front of the State. It is true they are not con-
nected with the mails below, but still they have
their daily mail covering the whole front of Indi-
ana on the Ohio river. We have none at all. The
Postmaster General has refused to give us any.
The Senator from Indiana censures him for that,
and so do I; but we are without remedy, and we
are without power. We have not even the im-
peaching power. What can we do? Are we still
content to complain and hear complaints, and do
nothing, and are the people to be left without
mails to $11 eternity? My philosophy is different;
I would move in the premises; I would make the
law still more stringent, and so word it, that there
could be no possibility of avoiding it. i have tried
so to word the amendment, and 1 think I have
done so. I trust the Seriate will at least give the
Senators through, or between whose States that
part of the river proposed to be covered by the
amendment runs, the privilege of wording the law
for themselves, as they desire to have it.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, 1 am very anxious
to see a daily mail on the Mississippi river, but
this is a very complicated business, and one which
we cannot well consider at the close of the ses-
sion on an appropriation bill. There is a law
now in force requiring a daily mail to be carried
on the Mississippi river. It has not been executed,
and another law will make it no better. The
effect of passing this will be merely to repeat the
same thing twice over. Then I have other ob-
jections to the amendment. As soon as the Illi-
nois Central railroad shall be finished to Cairo,
there will be a difference on the river which will
require new arrangements. Besides, the amend-
ment gives to the Postmaster General entirely too
much discretion. In my judgment, it is not suf-
ficiently matured. I cannot see precisely what
will be the effect of it. I am not in possession of
the facts m regard to the contract made by the
Postmaster General. I think he committed an
error when he refused to give the mail to boats
carrying freight. But it is a very difficult matter
to adjust a plan that will get a mail there on a
proper basis, and I do not think we can settle it
now on this hill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let me suggest that, as the
Illinois Central railroad will be done before long,
this arrangement ought to be made before that
time; for that will increase the necessity of a daily
mail to New Oi leans.
Mr. WALKER. I wish, sir, to make a re-
mark in reply to the Senator from Louisiana. Fie
construes the vote against the amendment offered
by th^ Senator from Mississippi into a vote of
censure on the Postmaster General. 1 voted
against that amendment, but with the very oppo-
site motiveto thatattributed,notexpressly by him,
but in which 1 was embraced, by the remarks of
the Senator from Louisiana. I should have voted
for that amendment if it had not been for the posi-
tion taken by some of those so friendly to it, who
threw the whole blame on the Postmaster General.
For one, I am not willing to concede that he is so
blameable as to require this imperative demand on
him, that he shall do thus and so; and, conse-
quently, I voted against the amendment, but not
for the purpose of censuring him.
Mr. GE YER. I do notrise to debate this ques-
tion, but to put the honorable Senators, who are
favorable to the amendment, in possession of the
>
reasons why I voted against it as it stood. I un-
derstood it to be a proposition to give authority,
and a mandate to the Postmaster General to make
a contract, irrespective of any arrangements
already entered into; and so understanding it, I
did not feel authorized to vote for it.
Mr. BROWN. Then the Senator misunder-
stood it. I say so with all possible respect. The
amendment does not release the Postmaster Gen-
eral from the necessity of advertising, and it does
not even compel him to accept bids if he thinks
them excessive; but after he has exhausted that
remedy, it authorizes him to make a private con-
tract.
Mr. GEYER. I understand that a contract has
already been entered into, and this amendment is
mandatory on the Postmaster General to make
another contract, either for the entire route, or in
parts. The honorable Senator from Tennessee
moved an amendment which was designed to save
any existing contract; but that has not been incor-
porated in the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi. Now, I am prepared to vote for a propo-
sition which shall make itobligatory on the Post-
master General either to execute the contract he
has entered into, or make anew one; but while
there is an outstanding contract, I am unwilling to
authorize, and still less to command, the Postmas-
ter General to make a new contract, which seems
to me to be a recognition by the Senate of his in-
fflsposition to execute an existing contract.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, my honora-
ble friend from Texas spoke of this question as
being exceedingly complicated, and he said that
this was too late a period of the session to con-
sider it properly. There is no doubt as to the
latter remark; but I will ask the Senator whether
there ever was a time when this subject was con-
sidered at any earlier period of the session ? It is
hopeless for its to expect any legislation on the
subject except in this connection; and when it is
brought up in connection with the appropriation
bills, it always is the latest hour of the session
when it is approached. Therefore, so far as that
point is concerned, there is no prospect that we
shall ever have any more favorable time.
The reasons which have been presented in favor
of the amendment by the Senator from Missis-
sippi, I believe to be sound and correct; and so
believing, I voted for the amendment before, and
shall vote for it again with great pleasure.
But, sir, the idea of censuring the conduct of the
Postmaster General has attracted some attention
here. Now, I wish to say that my vote on this
question is governed by no disposition !o censure
or to pass any judgment whatever, either of cen-
sure or of approval, upon the action of the Post-
master General under the existing law. The law
is in existence. It never has been enforced. The
reason why I do not know. The reason may be
good, but it is impossible for me to say until I
know something of the facts. Those facts I know
nothing of from him. I have heard assertions
made from which it would seem that censure could
justly be imposed on him; but I have not heard
his statement, and I do not presume to pass any
censure on him. The amendment is to remedy a
difficulty which exists somewhere, and which has
prevented the execution of a law that has been in
existence for two years. It is to remedy the dif-
ficulty, so that we may have the service. If the
difficulty exists, it exists under alaw. If we pass
the proposed new law, it will certainly attain the
object, or else difficulties will arise under it. With
the matter of censure I have nothing to do. I
simply ask for the service, wh&h we have not
' ad under a law that has been in existence for two
ears. If the Postmaster General wishes to make
'any showing in regard to the facts, let him do so;
but I wish, in the mean time, to obtain a law which
will give us the service.
j The remarks of the Senator from Texas in re-
gard to the Illinois Central railroad have nothing
fto do, I think, with the subject. There is already
fa regular daily mail from St. Louis to Cairo, and
'from Louisville to Cairo. The completion of the
Illinois Central railroad to Cairo will only add
'another daily mail to that point, and makes more
pmperative the necessity for a daily mail from New
Orleans to Cairo, connecting with that road. [
fhope the amendment will obtain more favor on
fthis vote than it did on the last,
j Mr. WELLER. This subject,I think, is fully
"understood by the Senate, and I hope we shall be
