1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S23
poses to accomplish that for which mine was
offered, I will withdraw my amendment.
A Member objected.
The CHAIRMAN. The question then recurs
upon the amendment of the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Cobb,] upon which tellers have been
ordered.
Mr. DAWSON. I hope the demand for tellers
will be withdrawn.
The CHAIRMAN. Tellers having been or-
dered, the demand cannot be withdrawn except by
unanimous consent.
There was no objection; and the committee
agreed not to take the question by tellers.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. CQLGiUlTT. Ihavean amendment which
I desire to offer.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What becomes of
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Bissell ?]
The CHAIRMAN. It hss not been offered.
Mr. SMITH. I withdraw my amendment for
the purpose of giving him an opportunity of offer-
ing his.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so understood
the gentleman; but the gentleman from Georgia
first rose, and was recognized by the Chair.
Mr. COLCiUITT. 1 move to strike out the
words " to enter," in the fifth line of the first sec-
tion of the bill, and so to transpose the language of
the section as to make it read:
" That any person who is the head of a family and a cit
izen of the United State?, from and after the passage of tins
act, he entitled, fiee ot co,st, to one quarter section of vacant,
unappropriated lands," &e.
Mr. Chairman, the object of this amendment
is to give every man who js the head of a fam-
ily and a citizen of the United States one hundred
and sixty acres of land whether he enters it or
not. If it be adopted, I think we shall be able to
get rid of one of the most objectionable features of
this bill—its injustice and inequality.
I am opposed to this bill as it now stands in
principle because I do not believe it is the duty,
nor do I believe it lies within the province, of
this Government to provide farms for these citi-
zens. But if that is to be done, if the Government
is to become a charitable institution, assuming the
proper functions of the Christian church, and of
the benevolent societies of the country, kt it at
least possess the merit of dispensing its charities
with an equal hand. There are laborers, shop-
keepers, shopkeepers' clerks, mechanics, and
working men m the various departments of labor,
whose tastes do not lead them into agricultural
pursuits, and whose avocations necessarily con-
fine them in densely populated communities.
These men are as much in need of our assistance,
and are as properly and legitimately the objects of
the care of this Government, as the class of per-
sons for whose benefit the provisions are intended.
Besides, this bill goes out to the world with the
imposing assumption that it is for the benefit of
the poor. Here is a poor man living in a shanty,
with a dozen children—for poor men are prover-
bially rich in that respect—destitute of means
that will enable him to avail himself of the muni-
ficence of this Government, while his neighbor,
who is belter to do in the world, and who has no
need of the bounty of this Government, packs up
his luggage and moves over into the promised
land.
Now, sir, I say, give the poor man onehundred
and sixty acres of land. If he is able to go over
and possess himself of your bounty m this new
country, let him go theiejbut if he is not able,
give him the ability to dispose of a land warrant;
Jet him pocket the £200, provide himself with a
good shelter for his family, and have the means
of providing food for his children.
The system proposed by the bill is unjust. Its
benefits will be enjoyed by men living in the States
where the lands lie, who now possess thousands
of acres, or by men of moderate means. The most
needy portion of the population of this country
never will realize one cent of benefit from it; and
yet the bill is to go out to the country with the
popular idea that it is for the benefit of the poor.
Sir, I regret, I deeply regret, that we have de-
parted from the old Democratic Republican rule
that used to be pursued by our fathers m the dis-
position of these public lands. Human ingenuity
never devised a wiser policy. But we have de-
parted from it. The lands are on our hands. We
are uneasy till we get rid of them. We never rest
contented and satisfied until we have devised some
stupendous scheme by which they can be disposed
of; and the more stupendous, the more friends it
commands here.
Mr. GROW. I do not understand this policy
to be based upon the principles upon which the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Colquitt] has
placed it—that it is an alms-house bounty, and
that the Government is to be converted into a
bounty-dispensing machine, to relieve the wants
and distresses of the citizens of the country. I
understand the object of this policy to be to secure
the settlement of our public domain, and to secure
it in that way that will most effectually promote
the great and prominent interests of the country.
I understand that it is a policy which will furnish
the best facilities for cultivating the wilderness and
making it answer the purposes for which it was
designed by its Creator—the support, happiness,
and welfare of the race. I do notunderstand that
the great idea of this policy is to relieve the dis-
tresses of the poor and the wants of the needy,
any more than that is accomplished by the other
object, which is to secure the settlement and culti-
vation of our public lands.
The gentleman from Georgia moves to strike
out the word " enter,M because a large number of
mechanics, who do not desire lands for the pur-
pose of cultivation, cannot avail themselves of this
provision. Sir, whatever advantage you secure
to the great and controlling interest of the coun-
try, which makes that interest prosperous, secures
vast benefits to every minor interest, in this
country, the controlling interest is now, and must
ever be, that of agriculture; and whatever pro-
motes that, by giving it permanency and security,
also promotes, either directly or incidentally, the
welfare of every other branch of industry. It is
agriculture that is the permanent and lasting in-
terest; but you have been legislating in this Hall
since the Government was founded, to build up and
force into existence those of a local character—to
which the climate and soil are not congenial—on
the ground that you benefit all the great interests
of the country. That is a mistaken policy; such
legislation is productive of artificial interests from
which no good can result.
J oppose the gentleman's amendment on the
ground that the object of this bill, and its policy, is
to secure the settlement of the land by the men
who wereintended by God Almighty to enjoy it—
men who desire to cultivate it; to secure it to them
free from the exactions and extortions of the cap-
ital of the country which has, under your legisla-
tion here, been permitted to take from their hard
earnings too large an amount.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. 1 move toamend the
amendment which proposes to strike out the words
" to entry," by inserting, after they are stucken
out, the words " by entry, " so that it shall read,
"That the person shall be entitled by entry free
of cost," &c. "
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am happy that this
amendment has been proposed. It affords an op-
portunity for the friends of the bill to speak to its
merits. I am astonished when I hear fall from
the lips of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Colquitt] that this bill proposes to do injustice
to the poor. And an appeal is made against its
merits on the score that it proposes to trans-
form your Government into a charitable institu-
tion, arid thereby supersede the proper duties of
the chuich in this respect. In God's name, unless
your churches are less charitable than the Gov-
ernment, let the two art m concert in relation to
this very measure. We propose to give to the
poor a home; and if they are so poor that they
cannot get to it,then I say again, if your churches
are not less charitable than your Government,
they will come to their aid; they will furnish them
with the means to get upon this land with their
helpless families of children, though they may not
have an old hoise and an old cart. Is not this an
answer, and is not here disclosed the very foun-
dation merit of this proposition.
Mr. MILLSON. The two gentlemen who have
risen to oppose the amendment of the gentleman
from Georgia do not seem to agree veiy well in the
reasons for their opposition. My friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] denies that this bill is
designed to benefit the poor; or, at least, that that
is its primary object. The gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr, Chamberlain,] on the other hand, defends
it, because of its tendency to benefit the poor.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow]
seems to be enamored of this homestead bill in
whatever aspect it may be presented. Like Sir
Hudibras, he can
" Confute, changeJiands, and still confute."
Last year he and I had the opportunity of dis*
cussing the subjectin more elaborate speeches than
we are now making. I opposed the bill then before
the House. In debating the constitutional objec-
tions to it, one of the points that I presented was
that it discriminated between particular classes of
men. It was exclusively for the benefit of those
heads of families who were worth less than $500.
But the gentleman answered me, and said it was
no objection to a bill that there were persons in
the country who were not in a condition to avail
themselves of its advantages.
Sir, I am disposed to agree with the gentleman
that this bill cannot be designed exclusively, and
perhaps scarcely at all, for the benefit of the poor
man. The poor man will derive but little benefit
from it. it is the rich man who will most profit
by it. It is the rich man who will take his quar-
ter section and purchase other land besides, in
neighborhoods that are well filled up by settlers,
A very poor man cannot avail himself of the ben-
efit of the law. He cannot cultivate his land
without aid. He cannot hire laborers to cultivate
it; he must hire himself to labor for others. He
would have to leave his quarter section to be ap-
H propnated by those who were richer than himself,
!| because he would be unable to conform to the
conditions of the law, which require continued
occupancy and (settlement for five years. Sir, I
can readily believe that it is not the primary
object of this bill to benefit the poor man. It is
designed to add to the strength and power of the
land States; it is designed to do that which the
spirit of the Constitution prohibits; it is designed
not indeed to give a preference to the ports of one
State over those of another, but to give immense
advantages to the people of certain States over
those of all the rest. It destroys the very spirit
of the Constitution, by trampling on that equality
which was of the very essence of the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. Chairman, if this bill should pass, all the
public lands remaining in the State of Illinois
would not suffice to satisfy the claims of her own
population. There are now only about four mil-
lions of acres left; and her white male population
over twenty-one years of age exceeds one hun-
dred and ninety-three thousand. Each of these
would be entitled to enter his quarter section. It
would require more than thirty million of acres to
meet their claims, to say nothing of the demands
of the citizens of other States. How long would
the United States continue to own lands in Illinois ?
There are only public lands enough there now to
supply about twenty-five thousand of her popu-
lation—only a little more than one eighth of the
whole number that would be entitled to enter and
settle on these lands. In the State of Indiana the
public lands amount to only about two hundred
and forty-six thousand acres, while her adult white
male population exceeds two hundred and nine
thousand; and their claims to public lands, under
the provisions of this bill, would require more
than thirty-three millions of acres. So of nearly
all the other land States 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GROW. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate on the
amendment is in order. The question is on agree-
ing to the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Chamberlain'.]
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out the word "one,"in the fifth line,
and inserting " half."
The CHAIRMAN. That is not admissible as
an amendment to the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Colquitt.] The
question will be on agreeing to the amendment of
the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. GROW. Then I move to insert the word
"two," in the fifth line of the bill, instead of the
word "one." That will be an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The word "two" is now
in. The motion of the gentleman from Georgia
