1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2091
able to obtain a vote. Before the vote is taken,
however, I desire to say, that I did not understand
myself as voting to censure the Postmaster Gen-
eral, or to approve of his cQnduct. As far as I
have seen the acts of the Postmaster General, he
is an able and efficient public officer, and I believe
an honest man; but I vote for the amendment, be-
cause those who are advocates for this service say
legislation is necessary to accomplish the object.
That is the only reason I vote for it. I spoke in
my former remarks of the general principle of
Congress doing its own business, and leaving the
executive officers to theirs. I hope the question
will now be taken.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have been absent from the
Senate Chamber, and have not heard this discus-
sion; but I am told that Senators on this floor
have censured the conduct of the Postmaster
General, for not carrying into effect the provisions
of a law, applicable to a contract made with Glover
& Mather. As I understand the facts of the
case, I think they perfectly exonerate the Post-
master General from any censure whatever. £iis
predecessor in office had advertised for proposals
to carry the mail from Louisville to New Orleans
in high pressure boats, not carrying freight. A
bid, I think, was made for $450,000.
A Senator. The facts have been stated be-
fore.
Mr. SLIDELL. I certainly have no disposi-
tion to consume the time of the Senate uselessly.
I am told that these facts have been stated before,
but I was told by another Senator, my colleague,
that they were not stated.
Mr. BENJAMIN", i do not think they have
been stated as fully as my colleague was about
doing.
Mr. SLIDELL. I merely wish then to say
that it has been the uniform practice of the Post
Office Department, in making a contract, to con-
sider the particulars of the advertisement, as part
of the contract.
Mr. WELLER. I understood that the Senator
from Louisiana is mistaken, and that there is
nothing whatever in the advertisement in regard to
the transportation of freight.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think there is.
Mr. WELLER. That is a very material fact.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will correct the Senator from
Louisiana. In the proposals issued originally
for the service in low pressure boats, there was a
clause providing that freight should not be car-
ried.
Mr. SLIDELL.. Exactly.
Mr. BRIGHT. That was in the original pro-
posals, which, as I have stated, were set aside,
and the Department issued a proposal to the
present contractors, after the suspension of the
former contract, to know whether they would per-
form the service.
Mr. SLIDELL. Precisely, without any sub-
sequent advertisement, and1 that is exactly the
point. I contend that the Postmaster General has
no right to deviate from the terms of a proposal
once made. I do not think he has any such right
under the law, though he may have under the
usage of the Department. What I mean to say,
as to the main point of the case, is, that, after having
by his own volition, dispensed with the necessity ]
of having low pressure boats, and reduced the
price of the contract from $450,000 to $297,000,
he gave it to the gentlemen whose claims are advo-
cated by the Senator from Indiana. Now, I say,
that under the contract as entered into by the pre-
decessor of Judge Campbell, the mail service could
not have been better performed, the price being
$290,000, than it had been previously, and has
been since, for the sum of $70,000 or $80,000 a
year. There could not possibly have been, with'
boats carrying freight from Louisville to New
Orleans, any greater degree of speed, or certainty
of communication, than there isundertheexisting
system, when the Postmaster General ships his
mails on board each boat at the lowest possible
price. 1 understand the present cost is about
$80,000; and the effect of any attempt now, if it
were successful, to oblige the Postmaster General
to carry out this contract, would be to entail on the
Government an additional expense of $210,000,
without adding one particle to the utility of the
service.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should like to
ask the Senator from Louisiana, who undertakes
to state what facilities we have, to tell me how
often we get mails at Memphis from St. Louis and
Louisville?
Mr. SLIDELL. I really cannot answer that
question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is just as I
supposed; the Senator does not know anything
about it.
Mr. SLIDELL. I do not think my admis-
sion went so far. I may, perhaps, not have that
very accurate information which the Senator pos-
sesses on this and all other subjects; but I think
I do know something about it. I hope he will
correct the remark he has just made. I am not
in the habit of stating anything of which I know
nothing.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am willing to
concede to the Senator from Louisiana superior in-
telligence on every subject except this; but I under-
stood him to say that the Postmaster General, for
an expenditure of $80,000 or $90,000 a year, had
as good mad service as he could have obtained at
$290,000 under the law. That is the point which
1 controvert. Under that law we were entitled to
daily mail service from Louisville and St. Louis
to Memphis and New Orleans; but I undertake
to say, there are now sometimes three or four
days when we never get a mail at all. I under-
take to say, further, that if we can have no better
mail service on the river than we have now for
$80,000 or $90,000, it would be the interest of this
Government to abolish it altogether. It is a mere
pretext for mail service, without any of its sub-
stance or reliability. How long does it take to
get a mail from Memphis to this city? There are
honorable Senators who know that it requires
eleven or twelve days to get a mail from Memphis
here. If we had a daily mail from New Orleans
to Louisville, as was provided by the law two
years ago, we should get the mails here in five or
six days at the furthest. The mail service we
now get on the Mississippi river for $80,000 or
$90,000 a year is a mere sham. It is that much
money thrown away. All the express letters are
carried by other conveyances, and this mail boat
goes along, taking ten days or two weeks from
Louisville to New Orleans, and at the end of two
weeks you get your mail. That is the kind of
mail service we have now. It is no service at all.
It is sporting with the interests of the people of
the valley of the Mississippi, and ought to be !
abolished.
But, sir, some difficulties seem to exist in the
minds of Senators as to releasing the Postmaster
General by this proposition from his obligation to
previous contractors. I have no wish to inter-
fere with those contracts, and, therefore, I pro-
pose to amend the amendment by adding the fol-
lowing proviso, which I hope the Senator from
Louisiana will accept as part of his proposition:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be so
construed as to justify the Posimaster General in failing or
refusing to ext cute the law passed at the last Congress,
providing for mail service on the Mississippi river, or in
anywise to interfere with the rights of paities contracting
for that service.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no objection to ac-
cepting that as a part of the amendment. We
have no desire to interfere with any existing con-
tracts or laws. All we desire is to get our daily
mail.
Mr. WELLER. It strikes me that the latter ;
branch of the amendment of the Senator from 1
Tennessee will effect the object without containing ;
that which might be regarded as a censure on the
Postmaster General. Let him confine his propo-
sition to the latter clause:
" Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be so
construed as to impair the rights of other parties which
may have entered into coniracts wiih the Postmaster Gen-
eral."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. At the suggestion ■
of the Senator from California, I will modify my !
amendment so as to retain only the last clause, !
and make it read: j
" Provided, Th.tt nothing herein contained shall be so j
construed as to interfere with the rights of paities hereto- ;
fore contracting for that service." * }
Mr. BRIGHT. I still adhere to my original j
position, that legislation is unnecessary on this i
subject; that the existing laws are full and ample; j
but I do not object to the amendment with the j
proviso suggested by the Senator from Tennessee. !.
If the Senators from Mississippi and Louisiana !
still think legislation necessary, I am willing to j
withdraw my objection. i,
Mr. BROWN. I think there is an absolute
necessity, because the Postmaster General does
noshing in the premises.
Mr. BRIGHT. There is an honest difference
of opinion, and I am willing to withdraw my
objection, provided the amendment of the Senator
from Tennessee is adopted
The amendment of Mr. Benjamin, as modified,
was agreed to; as follows:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be authorized and required to establish a mail on
the Mississippi river, from Cairo to New Orleans, and that
he contract for the same m one line, or m such sub-divis-
ions, or sections, or both, as may be most compatible with
the public service ;«nd to facilitate the execution of this
section, the Postmaster General may make immediate tem-
porary arrangements for carrying said mail by the trip; and
if he fails to obtain acceptable bids, after advertising for
thirty days, he may make private contracts for carrying said
mail; and the said mail shall be carried daily from Cairo
to New Orleans. And the Postmaster General is author-
ized, at his discretion, to restrict the delivery of the mail at
all other points than Cairo, Memphis, Napoleon, Vicks-
burg, Natchez, Baton Rouge, and New Orleans, to three
mails a week each way : Provided, That nothmg-iierem
contained shall be so construed as to interfere with the
rights ol parties heretofore contracting for that service.
The amendments were ordered to be <
and the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I wish now, if it is in
order, to offer the amendment which I intimated
some time ago.
The PRESIDING ©F^ICER. It is too late;
the amendment cannot be received.
The bill was read a third time, and passed.
TRANSMISSION OF BILLS.
Mr. WELLER, (during the consideration of
the Post Office appropriation bill, said:) I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to make a motion
to suspend the lfith and 17th joint rules of the two
Houses. The 16th provides that "no bill that
shall have passed one House, shall be sent for
concurrence to the other on either of the three
last days of the session;" and the 17th that, "no
bill or resolution that shall have passed the House
of Representatives and the Senate, shall be pre-
sented to the President of the United States, for
his approbation, on the last day of the session."
Some bills were passed this morning, which makes
it necessary to suspend those rules. I ask unani-
mous consent to submit the motion.
Mr. WALKER. For the general purposes of
the session ?
Mr. WELLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. WALKER. The rules had better be sus-
pended separately for each bill. That is the
course which has heretofore been pursued.
Mr. WELLER. Then I make it applicable to
these two bills.
Mr. PRATT. And all appropriation bills.
Mr. WELLER. I will include them also..
Unanimous consent was given, and Mr. Wel-
ler submitted the following resolution; which
was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the 16th and 17th joint rules of the two
Houses be suspended during the present session, so far
as relates to bills S. 46^, granting the right of way to the
Marysville and Benicia Railroad Company, through and
over the grounds of the United Slates at Bontcia, in Cali-
fornia; S. 488, to change the name of the American-built
• brig Glamorgan, to that of Wizard ; anil to any general
appropriation bills.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had agreed to some, and
disagreed to others, of the amendments of the
Senate to the bill making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1855; and had
agreed to other amendments of the Senate to said
bill, with amendments, in which they requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The Senate proceeded to consider their amend-
ments as amended, and disagreed to by the House
of Representatives; and,
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Resolved, That the Senate disazree to the amendments
of the House of Representatives to the amendments of the
Senate to the said bill, insist on their amendments dis-
agreed to by the House, and ask a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That saul committee be appointed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore.
And Mr. Huntmi, Mr. Bright, and Mr. Fish
were appointed the committee of conference on
the part of the Senate.
