THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, MAY 22, 1854.
New Series.;...No. 78. ,
is not, and not to see what is. This is what I
believe; and not being obliging enough to join in
a scheme of self-deception, or to suffer a game of
deception to be played upon me, I must now turn
my back upon the illusions of this Nebraska bill,
and look out for its real object—the particular
purpose for which it was manufactured, and the
grand movement of which it is to be the basis.
In this search I naturally look about into the
signs and rumors of the times, and into the co-
temporaneous events which may connect them-
selves with the grand movement in question; and
think I find them nl two diplomatic missions, of
which the country has heard much—but not all. I
speak upon rumor, but neither tell, nor believe,
the half of the half of what 1 hear; but believe
enough to excite apprehension, and to justify in-
quiry. Wh^t is a state secret in the city of Wash-
injfton is street talk in the city of Montezuma.
First. The mission of Mr. Gadsden to Santa
Anna. It must have been conceived about the
time that this bill was; and, according to trans-
piring accounts, must have been a grand move-
ment in itself—§50,000,000 for as much Mexican
territory on our southern border as would make
five or eix States of the first class. The area of
the acquisition, as I understand it, was to extend
from sea to sea, on a line that would give us San-
tander, Monterey, Saltillo, Parras, Sonora, and
all Lower California. This was certainly a large
movement, both in point of money and of terri-
tory, and also large in political consequence; and
clearly furnishing a theatre for the doctrine of
non-intervention, if there should be any design to
convert the newly acquired territory fiom free soil,
that it is, into slave soil that it might be desired to
be. Here, then, 1 believe I have found one branch
of the grand movement; and although Mr. Gads-
den returned from his mission with a small slice
only of the desired territory, yet he has returned
to his post, and may have better luck on a second
trial—if Santa Anna escapes from the speckled
Indians (Los Indios Pintos) who have him at bay
in the Sierra. I say nothing on the merits of this
new acquisition, only that it is an old acquaintance
with me, having first heard of it in November,
184G, and afterwards in March, 1848—at which
latter time it was proposed in the Senate, (by Mr.
Davis, of Mississippi,) on the ratification of the
Guadalupe Hidalgo treaty; and rejected by the
Senate. I voted against the Santaniler and Mon-
terey line then, and have not seen cause to change
my opinion. [Here Mr. Benton read the article
proposed by Mr. Davis for the new line.]
Secondly. The mission of Mr. Soule to Madrid
—also a grand movement in itself, if reports be
true—two hundred and fifty millions for Cuba;
and a rumpus kicked up if the island is not got.
Here again might be found a case for the non-in-
tervention principle; but of that I say nothing,
because 1 know nothing, and wish to know some-
thing. Of the acquisition itself I say nothing now,
but did say something, ab.out forty-four years ago,
in a Nashville newspaper, published by Thomas
Eastin, called the Impartial Review; in which I
discussed Cuba as the geographical appurtenance
of the valley of the-Mississippi, and eventually
to become its political appurtenance; but to be got
with honor whenever it was got; and in all that
faith I still remfflti firm. No dishonor! no stain on
the bright and spotless fame left us by our fathers !
Mr. Chairman, I discuss nothing m relation to
those rumored acquisitions of the Island of Cuba
and a broad side of Mexico.; I only call attention
to them as probable indexes to the grand move-
ment of which the member from Georgia gave us
the revelation, and which no one has denied. Ac-
cording to him, and according to my own belief,
this Nebraska bill is only an entering wedge to
future enterprises—a tiling manufactured for a
particular purpose—a stepping stone to a grand
movement which is to develop itself in this coun-
try of ours. I wish to know what that movement
is. I have a right to know, to enable me to dis-
charge my duties understandingly; and I respect-
fully crave the information from those who have
the conducting of the bill.
78
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would like to
know, Mr. Chairman, how much of this time
consumed in the remarks of the gentleman fron)
Missouri is to be taken out of the hour allotted to
the gentleman from Illinois?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri occupied twenty minutes. As a matter of
course, that time must be taken out of the hour
allowed to the gentleman from Illinois. It is dis-
tinctly understood that the Chair did not author-
ize the gentleman from Missouri to take the'floor
from the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. KNOX. I am very happy in having
yielded to the gentleman from Missouri so much
of my time, because what he may have said is of
far greater interest, and of far more importance to
the country, than any pool-remarks ofmine would
have been.
[This declaration was greeted with warm ap-
plause.]
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman from Illinois
now allow the motion to be renewed that the com-
mittee take a recess?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope my colleague
will proceed now with his speech. There are a
great many gentlemen here who want to speak.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Illinois yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Ghow ?]
Mr. KNOX. I do.
Mr. GROW. Then I move that the committee
take a recess till six o'clock.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Ihopethegentleman
from Pennsylvania will withdraw that motion.
Let those who want to speak on this bill have an
opportunity of doing so.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania withdraw his motion ?
Mr. GROW. No; unless the gentleman from
Illinois should want to speak now.
The question was put; and a division was called
for.
The Chair announced that there were thirty-six
votes in the affirmative.
Several Members. Give it up; count the other
side.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The motion is
overruled. There are not enough to carry it.
The CHAIRMAN. The majority of members
present may take a recess. It does not require a
quorum for that purpose.
The Chair announced that there were thirty-six
votes for, to twenty against, the motion.
So, at four o'clock and twenty-five minutes,
the committee took a recess4.1l! G p. in«
EVENING SESSION.
On the reassembling of the committee at six
o'clock,
Mr. KNOX resumed the floor, but gave way to
Mr. EVERHART, who asked leave to write
out and print a speech, seeing there was no pros-
pect of obtaining an opportunity to deliver it in
the House.
Mr. KNOX said, that six months ago, before
he came to this city, such a state of things as now
exists was not dreamed of by him, nor when he
took a solemn oath to support the Constitution of
the United States. After further prefatory re-
marks, he proceeded to speak of the bill under
consideration. His principal objection to it was
because of the prbviso which seeKs to repeal the
Missouri compromise. The spirit of kindness
and concession which brought Missouri into the
Union suggested the legislation of 1850.^ Instead
of the measures of the last named year impairing
the Missouri compromise, it was indorsed and
reaffirmed thereby, if there is any efficacy in the
acts of men not secured under their hands and seal.
He dwelt upon this subject until the expiration
of the hour to which he was limited in debate.
Mb. HAMILTON, assuming that territorial gov-
ernments should be established over theTerritories
of Nebraska and Kansas, proceeded to argue in
favor of the principles established by the bill.
The provision which recommended the bill to the
approbation of his judgment, in preference to the
geographical line, the absolute prohibition estab-
lished by the Missouri act of 1820, was the one
which enacted that the States to be admitted out
of thisTerritory,in the future,should be admitted
with or without slavery, as they should for them-
selves determine. He contended that the bill
neither established nor prohibited slavery in these
Territories; and, instead of being a double-faced
measure, was one which could be understood by
everybody who had a knowledge of the English
language. .
He replied to the arguments heretofore ad-
vanced against the bill by Messrs. Millson and
Franklin. • •
Mr. GOODE said he was a cheerful and cor-
dial advocate of that measure. He desired to
slate, candidly and frankly, perhaps with some
degree of imprudence, the reasons which would
control his vote.
It had been announced to the country that this
measure has been unnecessarily, rashly, reck-
lessly, thrust upon Congress, and that the apple of
discord, a fire-brand, had been thrown among the
people. As usual, the responsibility of the meas-
ure and the discussion is referred to the South, the
ever-injured South. It is not the party which
asks justice, but the party which refuses justice,
which incurs the responsibility. But the South
is not responsible^ She has preferred no claim at
all. She has learned from the bitter past, that if
she would enjoy tranquillity she must be silent.
He charged that the responsibility of this measure
rests with the North. Far be it from him to say
it was an odious responsibility. It was a glorious
responsibility. The northern men who orought
forward this measure were patriots, deserving
well of their country. The odious responsibility
of this discussion, and the excitement which it
has produced, rest with thefellspiritof Abolition,
the offspring of fanaticism and of unholy ambition.
Having vindicated the South from the responsi-
bility of the introduction of this bill, he proceeded
to advocate the measure because of the great
principle therein contained, of non-intervention on
the part of Congress, in imposing an anti-slavery
restriction on the organization of territorial govern-
ments. This, he contended, was important as a
precedent.
Mr. DUNHAM said that no one could regret
more than himself that this subject had been
brought forward at this time. He did not believe
the objects to be accomplished, upon the one side
or the other, were equal to the evils which would
grow out of this renewed agitation of the subject
of slavery.
He thought that the effect of reviving this agi-
tation would be to breathe the breath of life into
the almost dead body of the Whig party; to clothe
with flesh the skeleton of Abolitionism. But he
had an abidingconfidence in the intelligence of the
American people, and believed that when the
principles of this bill should become thoroughly
discussed and understood by them, the excite-
ment which was now attempted to be created out
of it would, as in 1850, be hushed into silence.
He then opposed the Clayton amendment. No
member from Indiana, nor from any of the'noHh-
western States,could votefor this amendment; for,
by their organic law, they had established provis-
ions for the foreign class of population which were
in direct contradiction to what was called the Clay-
ton amendment.
The great question, he contended, which was
involved in the bill, was the ability, the right of
the people to govern themselves. This he de-
fended at length, arguing that it was in accordance
with our republican institutions.
He then argued to prove that slavery could only
exist by municipal law, and said that there would
be no legislation, after the passage of this bill, m
theTerritoriesof Nebraska and Kansas, by which
title to slave property would be recognized. There
must he positive law before slavery could be taken
into Nebraska and Kansas. He further argued
to prove the improbability of the introductfon of
slavery into these Territories, and declared that
