1234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
' there could be no compromise under the Constitu-
tion, so far as slavery was concerned.
Mr. PRATT said that the proposition to repeal
the Missouri compromise, contained in this bill,
must plead his apology for occupying the time of
the committee for a brief period. It may well be
doubted whether it would not be a breach of good
faith for the General Government to organize
territorial governments over the heads of the abo-
rigines, who have been guarantied peaceable pos-
session of the Territories in question. If there
was any human being more than another abused
by the white man, it was the Indian. It was
claimed by the friends of the bill that its provisions
are ample for this unfortunate race. He trusted
in God that this may prove the fact, if the bill be-
come law.
When a bill for organizing the Territory of Ne-
braska was passed by the last Congress, he thought
it was unwise and premature. So thought the
people of New England. To organize a govern-
ment where there were no inhabitants, or next to
none, seemed to be the extreme of folly, especially
when there are so many good lands within the
organized Territories.
But there are reasons for organizing new Ter-
ritories now which did not exist a year ago. If
the bill before the committee were divested of the
odious feature, he should not occupy the floor at
this moment.
When this question was sprung on the country,
everybody was shocked at the idea of such a mon-
strous proposition. Its open advocates were very
few. On its introduction, the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Richardson] was the only member
pledged to the support of th  measure, so far as
he knew. Northern members expressed them-
selves hostile to it. Southern gentlemen said if the
North chose t  give them a boon, they would not
refuse to accept of it. In other words, it was an
adopted child, though they were not willing to
have it sworn to them. He denied that the North
have violated the Missouri compromise. They
have regarded it sacred as the Constitution itself.
The people did not ask or require this repeal.
They were satisfied to let well enough alone.
They never thought of repealing it.
He declared that this was neither a Whig nor
a Democratic measure. It was a sectional meas-
ure—nothing else. Who was so blind as not to
see the object ? Whether this bill pass or not he
declared his determination not to make any fac-
tious opposition to it. If the majority favor the
passage of the bill, they have a right to pass it.
If a majority was opposed to it, as he trusted in
God there was, he should rejoice; but whether
the bill pass or not, he should continue to the ex-
tent of his ability to aid in promoting the peace
and harmony of this glorious Confederacy, which
is the pride and admiration of the world.
Mr. CASKIE said that the great measure of
organizing a large extent of our fair possessions
upon a constitutional basis was now before them,
the Representatives of the people. A happy
augury was to be found in the fact that this pro-
posal of Justice to the South had been presented
by the North, had been inaugurated by a gallant
Senator from the North, there born, there living,
and there to be buried, it had supporters, too,
in men from the same region, who graced sena-
torial dignity, and who were infused with the
spirit of that brotherhood which our fathers strove
to secure under the great shield of the equality of
nil the State and all the sections of our Confed-
eracy.
He then characterized the Missouri compromise
as unconstitutional and unjust to the South, and
advocated the doctrine of leaving to the people
the right to determine the question of slavery for
theinselves. In regard to the former point, he
inquired if any two things could be found more
opposite than what was claimed for the Missouri
restriction by its friends and its true character, as
presented by the historical records of the country?
Everybody knew that it was but an act of Con-
gress, repealable in its very nature.
^ The idea that members of Congress had the
right to make unconstitutional, sacred compacts,
was a novelty which there was little danger would
supplant the old-fashioned notion that they were
merely law-makers, bound to vote on each prop-
osition as their consciences dictated, without any
shadow of authority to barter votes with each
other, or make treaties for their respective sec-
tions. The States had done this in an instrument
called the Constitution, and would to God it was
more respected! It was now offered as the law
for both North and South in Kansas and Ne-
braska, and as the only law.
• He then referred to various precedents to prove
that the North had frequently violated the act of
1890, and denied the right of Congress to fetter
any State in regard to slavery.
Mr. PR1NGLE opposed the passage of the bill
on account of the many objectionable features con-
tained in it; but the great objection, in his mind,
and the one which overshadowed all others,is, that
it proposes a violation of good faith. It proposes
a repeal of the Missouri compromise, to abrogate
the restriction against slavery north of 36° 30',
after all the territory south of that line has been
converted into slave States. This line, forced
upon the North by southern representatives and
northern dough-faces, it is proposed to erase; and
the power that is to annul is composed of the same
materiel that established it.
Mf. HOWE. With the permission of my
colleague, [Mr. Drom,] I rise simply to say that I
had desired to make some remarks in opposition
to the bill now under consideration before the
committee; but as the time is so limited, 1 will
forego that privilege, if it meets the wishes of gen-
tlemen present, and publish my remarks without
occupying the attention of the committee.
[Cries of " Agreed !" " Agreed !"]
Mr. DRUM remarked that he came here as a
friend of the Administration, and therefore he felt
that it was the duty of every friend to extricate it
from the toils in which unwise counsels have in-
volved it. He did not rise for the purpose of
merely consuming time, or makingavain display.
He was perfectly indifferent as to whether what
he intended to say should be heard beyond the
limits of this House. He rose for the specific
purpose of allaying the excitement in the country,
and of explaining an amendment which he should
offer to-morrow. The committee could find no
constitutional objection to it, and he saw no rea-
son why they should not prefer it to the particular
section which had been the basis of so much dis-
cussion. He proposed to strike out all that part
of the section which had been the subject of dis-
pute, and to insert as follows:
That the said territory, or any portion thereof, when
admitted as a State, shall be received into the Union, with or
without slavery, as its constitution may prescribe at the
time of admission ; anything contained in the eighth section
of tin: act passed by Congress March 6,1820, commonly
called the Missouri compromise, or any other law of Con-
gress, to the contrary notwithstanding.
This amendment, he said, proposes that a State,
as an independent sovereignty, has a right to re-
peal the Missouri compromise, but that Congress
has no right to repeal it. He further explained
his amendment.
Mr. GREENWOOD said, that although he did
not believe slavery could exist in Kansas and
Nebraska to any considerable extent, yet it was
no reason why he should not support the bill.
Although it contained principles which did not
meet with his approbation, for the reason that
they were not southern enough for him, yet he
should support it so long as it should contain the
great principle of non-intervention, as, in his
opinion, should this doctrine be established and
carried out, it would have the effect of forever
withdrawing slavery agitation from the Halls of
Congress.
Mr. SEYMOUR then argued to show that the
bill, instead of transferring the subject of slavery
from the Halls of Congress to the people of the
Territories, transferred it, in effect, to the Presi-
dent of the United States. •
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, then obtained
the floor, when (at quarter past twelve) the com-
mittee took a recess until nine o'clock in the
morning.
SATURDAY MORNING, MAY 20, 1854.
The committee reassembled this morning, pur-
suant to its order, at nine o'clock, a. m., (Mr.
Olds in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of House bill (No. 236) for the organization of
the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, being entitled
to the floor, yielded to
Mr. HARLAN, of Ohio, who said he was op-
posed to thia bill, because
1. It repeals the Missouri compromise, which,
in his opinion, the South is in honor bound to
respect, and the free States bound, both by honor
andduty, to maintain.
2. The legislation of 1850 is not inconsistent
with that of 1820.
3. The principles of the legislation of 1850 are
transcended and violated by this bill.
4. The platforms of both political parties of 1859
are violated by this bill, and had it been under-
stood that the Democratic platform did either war-
rant, justify, or demand the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise, Franklin Pierce would have
now been a private citizen, and the seats of the
northern men who now tender this repeal would
have been filled by others.
5. He held it not only within the power of
Congress to legislate for the Territories, but that
it is the duty of Congress, and a duty which can-
not be abandoned.
6. He was opposed to the extension of slavery
over Territories now free, and he would not do it
himself, nor would he remove any obstacle now
4n the way of its extension. He would not use
the Territorial Legislature as a cats-paw to da that
which he had not the courage to do himself.
These were the propositions which he desired
to constitute the skeleton of a speech.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio, said he had desired to
address the committee on this subject, but finding
that he would not have an opportunity, asked and
obtained leave to print a speech.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, then took the
floor, and replied to gentlemen who had preceded
him. It had been said the Missouri restriction of
1820 was a solemn compact, and therefore irre-
pealable, and on this ground it was alleged with
great earnestness, and he had no doubt with a great
deal of sincerity, by gentlemen on the other side
of the House, that it would be a gross violation
of faith, an unwarrantable aggression on the righta
of the northern people, to pass the bill in its pres-
ent form. He could not view the matter in this
light.
There was, he contended, nothing in either the
Constitution or the laws, which justifies the look-
ing at any enactment of Congress as anything
more than an enactment. There was nothing in the
Constitution or the laws which justifies the putting
of the stamp of irrepealability on anything done
by Congress.
It was acknowledged universally, and it must
be acknowledged, so far as the sense and sub-
stance of the act of 1820 was concerned, that it
is certainly not a compact or agreement of an irre-
pealable character. But it was alleged, with a
show of reason, that there was something in the
circumstances of the times, on the occasion of its
passage, which givfe it a moral force, equivalent
to what would be the moral force of a compact
binding parties to an irrepealable agreement.
He would not attempt to deny that, in the cir-
cumstances which attended the passage of the Mis-
souri act, there was something of a solemn and
important character, which stamps the act with a
character somewhat different from an ordinary-
act of legislation; and if the circumstances con-
tinued the same to this day, he should be the last
to raise his hand to disturb a settlement which, in
that point of view, was considered sacred and
binding.
The tacit understanding originated in circum-
stances of great importance, and must pass away
with the circumstances which gave it birth. It
seems certain it cannot be considered as binding
future generations. We nowtstand in the midst
of scenes and circumstances wholly different.
He proceeded to recount briefly the circum-
stances under which the Missouri act was passed;
and contended it had since been wholly repudi-
ated by the North and had been trampled on
again and again. In 1850 the principle of the act
of 1820 lost its power, and was rejected by the
dominant majority in this House. The circum-
stances, he repeated, have entirely changed, and
it would be 'unjust to say that we are bound by
the compact of 1820. It would be absurd in itself
and contrary to plain understanding.
The Constitution and equality require that this
restriction should be removed in the organization
of Sll the Territories of the United States.
He argued the question, and advocated the
passage of the bill until the expiration of the hour
to which he was restricted to debate.
