2092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills:
An act to provide for the accommodation of the
courts of the United States in the district of Mas-
sachusetts, and in the cities of New York and
Philadelphia.
An act to relinquish the reversionary interest of
the United States to a certain reservation therein
mentioned, and to confirm the title of Charles
Gunter thereto.
An act granting the right of way over, and de-
pot grounds on, the military reserve at Fort Gra-
tiot, in the State of Michigan, t8 the Port Huron
and Lake Michigan Railroad Company.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore thereupon signed
the above mentioned bills.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
Mr. PRATT submitted the following resolution
for consideration:  
Resohei, That hereafter the Senate will not receive or
consider any bill or proposition (other than the general ap-
propriation bills for the support of the government) which
appropriates money for more than one object.
HOUR OP MEETING.
On motion by Mr. SLIDELL, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the following reso-
lution, submitted by him ca> the 1st instant:
Resolved, That the daily hour of meeting of the Senate,
for the residue of the session, be ten o'clock, a. m.
Mr. WELLER. I know that some of the
standing committees are compelled to sit at ten
o'clock, in order to prepare amendments to the
appropriation bills.
Mr. RUSK. I move to strike out " ten," and
insert "nine." There will be but two days of
the session remaining after to-day, and there are a
great many private bills from the House, which
ought to be passed, and got out of the way for the
next session.
Mr. SLIDELL. If it meet the assent of the
Senate, I will accept the amendment of the Senator
from Texas.
Several Senators. "No!" "No!"
Mr. SLIDELL. Then let the question be taken
upon it.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the original resolution was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
t On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after sometime speut therein, the doors were
reopened.
OCEAN MAIL STEAMER. BILL.
The bill from the House, making appropria-
tions for the transportation of the United States
mails by ocean steamers and otherwise, during the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1855, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
ABSENT SENATORS' COMPENSATION.
Mr. GWIN. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate pay, under
the direction of the President of the Senate, the usual per
diem to such Senators as did not take their seats at the
opening of llie session by reason of sickness of themselves
or families, providential causes, or necessary business.
1 will state theiacts in regard to several Senators.
Several Senators. It is not necessary.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 desire to hear the Senator's
statement as to the reason for this. There is a
law now providing for a Senator if he is absent on
account of sickness of himself.
Mr. GWIN. This extends further to Senators
who, from sickness or other providential causes,
or necessary business, wereprevented from taking
their seats at the beginning of the session. A
Senator who is here on the first day of the session,
and is absent any part of the balance of the ses-
sion, receives his pay for the whole; but one who
is necessarily detained, and cannot take his seat at
the beginning, receives no compensation for that
time. There ate several cases here now.
Mr. BRIGHT. I understand it to be in the
nature of an order for this session, but is not to
stand as a law.
Mr. GWIN. That is all.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Isthe resolution open
to amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wsiua
in the chair.) It has been adopted
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I suppose there will
be no objection to including the usual compensa-
tion to the reporters.
Several Senators. Do notofferit as an amend-
ment to this.
CHRISTIAN INDIANS.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to report to the Senate, at the commencement of the next
session of Congress, the nature of the titles of the Christian
Indians to the lands in the State of Ohio, purchased of
them by a contract or agreement made with them in the
year 1823, pursuant to an act of Congress of the 3d of March
ofthat year; and what amount has been;received by the
United States from tbe sale of said lands.
GILLIS'S REPORT.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am directed to make two
reports from the Committee on Printing. One is
in regard to Gillie's report. A resolution was re-
ferred to the committee, providing for the printing
of ten thousand copies of it. I am instructed to
report in favor of printing five thousand copies of
the first number, and one thousand each of the
subsequent ones.
The report was concurred in.
MORTALITY ON BOARD EMIGRANT SHIPS.
Mr. JOHNSON. The next report I have to
make is in favor of the printing of five thousand
extra copies of the report of the select committee
on mortality on board of emigrant passenger ships.
The resolution was referred to us for the printing
of ten thousand copies. I am instructed to report
in favor of the printing and binding of five thou- .
sand copies for the use of the Senate.
JiMES m'minn.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I niove that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill for the relief
of James McMinn.
Mr. GWIN. I must object. "I desire to have
the naval appropriation bill taken up, so as to
have it the unfinished business of to-day.
Mr. CLAY. I hope the Senate will not take
up private bills when we have public business to
dispose of.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sidered the bill.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the In-
terior to place the name of James McMinn upon
the pension rolls, at the rate of four dollars per
month, from the 1st of January, 1854, to continue
during life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill from the
House making appropriations for the support of
the Navy, for the year ending the 30th June, 1855,
reported it back without amendment.
REPORTERS' COMPENSATION.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That there be paid, out of the contingent flmd
of the Senate, to each of the reporters of the Congressional
Globe fur the Senate, the same sum which was paid them
at the last session of Congress.
Mr. BRIGHT. Let it lie over.
The resolution lies over one day, under the
rule.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 move that the Senate ad-
Mr. RUSK. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BELL. Will not the Senator allow me to
have the small bill taken up, which I endeavored
unsuccessfully to have considered before the Exec-
utive session.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the naval appropria-
tion will be read. I wish to hear it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Texas moves that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BELL. I hope the Senator will allow me
to have this bill passed. It is a House bill for the
relief of a widow, who is eighty years of age.
Mr. RUSK. If that can be done by common
consent, without displacing the naval appropria-
tion bill, I have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, that bill will be taken up.
Mr. BRIGHT. I object. I wish to hear the
naval appropriation bill read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Tennessee asks the unanimous consent to
have a private bill considered.
There was no objection.
MARY H. CUSHING.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. While the bill of the
Senator from Tennessee is being looked for, I ask
to be allowed to make a report from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, in behalf of a blind and
insane girl. It is a favorable report on a House
bill to give her the forty acres of land to which
her heroic father was entitled.
Unanimous consent was given, and the bill was
reported and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the In-
terior to issue to Mary H. Cushing, daughter of
John Wainwright Cushing, deceased, a soldier of
the war of 1812, a warrant for so much bounty
land as he would be entitled to receive, were he
now living.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
REBECCA BAGGERLEY.
On the motion of Mr. BELL, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
[ the bill from the House, for the relief of Rebecca
Baggerley, widow of David Baggerley, deceased.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior,
to place the name of Rebecca Baggerley, widow
of David Baggerley, who was a soldier in the
Maryland line in the war of the Revolution, on
the pension roll, under the acts of July 7, 1838,
March 3,1843, June 17, 1844, and July 29,1848,
at the rate of twenty dollars per annum, to be
paid as other pensions have been paid, in pur-
suance of the provisions of those acts.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passefl.
EXTENSION OP THE SESSION.
Mr. STUART submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That the time fixed by the resolution of the 1st of July, for
the adjournment of the present session of Congress be, and
the same is hereby extended to — , at 12 o'clock, m.
The Senate then, at seven o'clock,
adjourned.
journ.
Mr. GWIN. I ask for the yeas and nays upon
the motion. I hope the Senate will take up the
naval appropriation bill, so that we may proceed
with its consideration to-morrow.
The question was taken by yeas and nays, and
resulted-—yeas 11, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Chase, Clay, Cooper, Evans,
Foot, Gillette, Houston, Seward, Sumner, and Wade—11.
NAYS—Me&srs. Adams, Allen, Bell, Benjamin, Brod-
head, Brown, Cass, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge
of Iowa, Douglas, Geyer, Gvvin, flunter, Johnson, Jones
of Iowa, Maliory, fratt, Rusk, Slideli, Toombs, Walker,
and Weller—23,
So the motion was not agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the naval appropriation
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
p. m.,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, August 3,-1854.
The House met at ten o'cloek, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Journal of
yesterday is uninteresting, and as we shall want
every moment of time left us of the session, I
move that its reading be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
CORRECTION OF A MISTAKE. '
Mr. HOUSTON. In the communication to th#
Senate of the action of this House on the amend-
ments of that body to the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, there were one or two errors,
and I now desire that a request may be sent to
the Senate for the return of that bill and amend-
ments, so that correction may be made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose that if
the bill and amendments be returned, the Clerk
can make the necessary corrections, without their
