1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1235
Mr. GOODRICH said that it was high time
that they should do away with compromises. If
they were to be regarded as binding in honor and
good faith no longer than when the section of
country which had received and appropriated its
part of the consideration found it to be for its
interests to come in and take the other part, com-
promises were henceforth at an end. The North
were beginning to understand what the public
men of the South, who gave tone and direction to
public sentiment there, meant by this proposed
repeal; and, his word for it, no more compromises
would be made. The technical arguments, by
which it was sought to throw off the honorable
obligations of the Missouri compromise, had had
no other effect in the North than to convince the
public mind that the South regarded compromises
upon the subject of slavery as mere temporary
expedients to extend slavery, to be set aside when-
ever they became practical barriers to stay slavery.
Should this bill pass, and establish a tabula rasa
in these Territories, there would be a counterpart
to it at the North:—a tabula, rasa in regard to com-
promises. When, said he, you strike down the
legal power of the Missouri compromise of 1820,
you strike down the moral power of the compro-
mise of 18§0. Repeal the Missouri compromise,
the most sacred that has been madesince thegreat
compromises of the Constitution, and you wipe
out, as with a sponge, all compromises at the
North. Vour laws may be made and have the
force of laws, but they will not be respected as
compromises.
Ele then criticised the report of the Senate on
the subject of the bill, as compared with the bill
itself, and said that if they should now repeal the
Missouri compromise, the report of the 4th of Jan-
uary would stand as a confession of one of the
greatest frauds upon northern compromise men
that had ever been perpetrated in the history of
political parties.
He then argued to prove that the Missouri act
of 1820 was a compromise, and contended that
the North had not repudiate<?it.
Mr. PHILLIPS made the"following explana-
tion in reply to some remarks of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Goodrich:]
The gentleman from Massachusetts, who has
just taken his seat, asserted that I had argued
" that the Missouri restriction was not intended te
be perpetual;" and, upon this assertion, he has
treated us with a refutation. Now, sir, permit
me to read from my printed speech what I did
say:
" It will be remembered that though Missouri was finally
admitted without a condition for the inhibition of slavery,
yet that the claim of power on the part of Congress to in-
sist upon one was sustained. The eighth section of the
act asserts the power not only to exclude slavery during the
territorial condition, but through all changes of Govern-
ment. The prohibition is not for a limited time, but " for-
ever.n
It will be seen that my statement is the very
reverse of the assertion made on this floor. I will
now, Mr. Chairman, conclude by recommending
to the gentleman from Massachusetts a safe rule,
that before he attempts to reply to an argument,
he should understand whatin fact the argument is.
Mr. HENN. Mr. Chairman, the bill now un-
der consideration for the organization of Nebraska
and Kan^s Territories is, perhaps, of more prac-
tical importance to the State of Iowa, and the
people of the district which I have the honor to
represent upon this floor, than to any other State
or constituency in the Union, and hence it is that
I desire to say something of the reasons that
will induce me to give a warm, cordial, and un-
flinching support to the substitute proposed by the
chairman of the Committee on Territories, [Mr.
Richardson,] and for all of its provisions. I
shall say something for the information of indi-
vidual members of this committee, something for
the information of my constituents, and seme-
thing to correct the erroneous views of those not
acquainted with the West and her enlightened
population. To this end I propose to demon-
strate:
First. The importance of an organization of
these Territories at this time; the influence of
their organization upon the character of the great
West; the correctness of the principles of self-
government and congressional non-interference,
as recognized by both the original bill and the
substitute; and give my views as to the rules
which should govern the legislative and executive
branches of this Government in their action upon
territorial matters.
Secondly. I propose to speak of the physical
character of the country which it is contemplated
to organize; of its political past, of its political
future, and of its commercial importance to Iowa,
and to the whole country.
I will then add a few words relative to the sit-
uation of parties in Iowa,and elsewhere, upon the
great questions involved in this bill, and define,
briefly, my objections to that part of the Senate
bill which prohibits those who have sought an
asylum in our country, and have evinced their
intention of becoming citizens, from having a part
in the organization of the Territories proposed to
be created.
Mr. WITTE, in the course of his remarks,
said that if the North—he spoke of the Democratic
party—are divided ih sentiment on this subject, it
is because they do not understand the proposition.
If the people, by the exercise of their legal sover-
eign rights, shall desire to make every square foot
of the soil on the continent slave, he would have it
so; if, on the other hand, by the exercise of the
same rights and power, they would make every
square foot free, he would have it so. This was
the sentiment of the North, go far as one man
could speak fof them. The Democracy of the
North are as sound on this question of State-rights
doctrine as the South are. They would yield not
one jot or tittle, because the principles which
constitute the safety of the North, constitute the
safety of the South. The question is: IstheMis-
souri compromise repealable? The people want
to know whether this bill can be enacted without
a repeal of the Missouri compromise. He held
that this compromise is, like other acts, repeal-
able. He, however, questioned this a little at one
time.
If it should be found that it was unwise to in-
vest the people of these Territories with the power
to settle the question of slavery for themselves, he
should console himself with the reflection that it
is always well, where there is a doubt as to the
construction of the Constitution, to give to the
people the benefit of the doubt.
He replied to his colleague, [Mr. Grow,] who,
he said, had misrepresented the sentiment of the
North, no doubt unintentionally.
Mr. CHASTAIN contended that this measure
was in strict accordance with the Constitution,
just to the North and the South, and to the peo-
ple who were hereafter to inhabit the Territories
of Nebraska and Kansas. He also contended
that the restriction of 36° 30' was forced upon the
South, was unconstitutional, and was only sub-
mitted to by that section for reasons weighty in
themselves.
Mr. EDMANDS. I have made several attempts
to address the committee on the bill before us. I
remained here during the night, until the recess of
this morning, in hopes to get an opportunity of
so doing. 1 saw many gentlemen given their
hour. An hour to speak! It was an hour for sleep;
past the hours of business; ay, even those of recre-
ations; an hour fit only for dark designs; fit only
for such an outrage as is being perpetrated on the
moral sense of the North, in the attempt to pass
this bill, compatible with the foul means adopted
to force it through the House! I appeal to the
sober sense of this House, whether it is proper,
whether, in the spirit of American liberty, to carry
on the business of legislation at such unseasonable
hours? 1 protest, m the name of my constituency,
against being kept up here at the behest of an
imperious majority, during midnight hours, to
legislate on 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LYON said he designed, at the proper
time, to offer an amendment to the bill in the fol-
lowing form:
Sec. 2. Jlni be it farther enacted. That llie executive
power and authority lit and over saidTerntory ofNebraska
shall be vested in a Governor who shall be elected by
the people of said Tcrritory. The Governor t-hall
reside wullin said Territory, shall he eomniander-nl-clm'.f
of the militia thereof, shall perforin the duties and receive
the emoluments of superintendent of Indian affairs, and
shall approve of all laws passed by the Legislative Assem-
bly before thev shall take effect; he may grant pardons and
respites for offenses against the laws of said Territory, shall
commission all officers who shall be appointed to office
under the laws of the said Territory, and shall take care
that the laws be faithfully executed.
H-e said that he would avail himself of the oc-
casion to present to the members of the House
and the country his views on the bill, and on the
propriety of the amendment he suggested.
Mr. PENNINGTON then addressed the com-
mittee. He said that before the debate should be
finally closed upon this bill, and while its defeat,
though now scarcely to be hoped for, was still
possible, and the evil it foreboded might yet be
averted, he desired to state the grounds on which
he had hitherto opposed, and should continue to
oppose, the passage of this odious and dangerous
measure.
He was opposed to the passage of the bill on
many grounds.
He objected to it, in the first place, because
there is no immediate necessity for the organiza-
tion of the proposed Territories, and the measure
was therefore premature. No reason had been
assigned, here or elsewhere, satisfactory to his
mind, for such organization. There is no popu-
lation now within the limits of the proposed Ter-
ritories to demand it. There can be no population
there, lawfully, so long as the Indian intercourse
act remains unrepealed. That act forbids the
ingress into those Territories of all persons not
belonging to the Indian tribes, other than the
authorized agents of the Government, and such
as shall have a temporary and revocable license
from the Government, and that solely for the
purposes of trade.
This act was passed for the protection of the
Indian tribes against intrusion, and the public
domain from encroachments by unlawful settle-
ments, and in fulfillment of solemn treaty stipu-
lations made by the United Slates with these
tribeg. It could not be repealed without a breach
of good faith thus pledged by the Government.
Not a foot of the soil within the limits of the pro-
posed Territories is now owned by a white man;
and, until surveyed and opened for sale and entry,
no title to any portion of it can be acquired or
lawfully occupied for settlement.
He objected to the bill, in the second place, be-
cause it is against the sound policy of the Gov-
ernment to extend its land system over this por-
tion of the public domain, and to open them for
settlement. The Government has large quantities
of public lands now lying unsold and unoccupied
within the limits of the new States, and in the
Territories already organized, which ought first
to be settled. He maintained that it was not
good policy to diffuse the population of the coun-
try over so vast an expanse of country. It would
greatly increase the burdens, without contribu-
ting in the slightest degree to the prosperity or
happiness of the people, or to the development
of the resources of the country. It would be a
hindrance to both. Emigration was needed, all
the emigration indeed that can be led in the di-
rection of Oregon, Washington, Utah, and New
Mexico.
The Government had adopted the policy of en-
couraging the settlement of those Territories by
holding out large bounties in donations of public
lands as inducements to emigration. He was op-
posed to the bill under consideration, as a measure
dirfcetly calculated to counteract this policy. It had
been said, that the tide of emigration would sweep
over the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska
whether these territorial governments should be es-
tablished or not, and in spite of the prohibitions of
law. He was unwilling to believe ^at this Gov-
ernment is powerless to protect its owi> public
domain against its own citizens, or against any
aggression, come from whatquarter it might. He
was unwilling to concede that the clearest dictates
of sound policy should be yielded to any species
of fillibusterism.
He objected to the bill, in the third place, be-
cause it violates the public faith, pledged by numer-
ous treaties with tlie Indian tribes within the limits
of the proposed Territories. The United States
had guarantied to these tribes their homes, set
apart for them by treaty, as permanent homes, to
be enjoyed by them forever against the encroach-
ments of whitesettlements. These treaties remain.
In letter and in spirit the Government is bound by
the highest obligations of good faith, to guarantea
and protect these homes of the aborigines. And
this might be done, as he had shown, consistently
with the sound policy of the Government, having
reference only to its own best interests.
He objected to the bill, in the fourth place, be-
cause it repealed the Missouri compromise, a
compromise to which the national faitn had been
