1236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLCrBE.
May 19,
solemnly pledged under circumstances which give
it a sanction scarcely Ipss sacred than that which
attaches to the Constitution itself. It embodies
the mutual pledges of the two great sections of
the country, and had hitherto been sacredly main-
tained by both. • Its constitutionality was- clear
and undoubted. He should not stop to inquire
whether it be true of any portion of the North
that it may not rightfully or gracefully remon-
strate against its repeal, becaus.e opposed to it at
the time of its enactment. This cannot be truth-
fully said of the State of New Jersey. She was
a party to it, and it owes its existence to the votes
of her Representatives on the floor of this House.
As a Representative from New Jersey, in her
name, and in conformity with the sentiments of
the great body of her people, he demanded the
fulfillment of the bond. He, for one, would not
betray her.
He objected, to the bill, in the fifth place,be-
cause it is designed to authorize slavery extension
to regions now dedicated to freedom, and is thus
opposed not only to the policy of the fathers of
the Republic, but to the true policy of the Union
at this period of our progress, and to the spirit of
the age in which we live. He deprecated it as a
fountain of bitter waters, and as fruitful of danger
to the Union.
Mr. SAGE. Mr. Chairman, the hour having
arrived to close debate on the bill to organize the
Territories of Nebraska and Kansas, and not hav-
ing been able to get the floor to express my views
in relation to the same, I ask permission of the
committee to publish in the Globe the remarks
which 1 intended to have made to the committee
on this subject.
On motion by Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia,
all gentlemen similarly situated obtained that priv-
ilege.
The hour of twelve having arrived, to which
debate had been limited byan order of the House,
Mr. RICHARDSON proceeded to close the gen-
eral debate on this bill, remarking that the propo-
sitions which it contained to secure the equality of
the States and the rights of the people, under the
Constitution, must triumph everywhere.
During the progress of this debate, he remarked,
various gentlemen, representing what they were
pleased to call northern States, had said that
they had stood by the South upon this question,
when their course did not meet with the approval
of their constituents. He occupied no such posi-
tion. He stood by the South whenever the prin-
ciples they maintained met the approval of his
judgment. All he asked was, was it right and
just? would it advance the great interests, and con-
tribute to the renown of the Republic? Only when
he had determined this question in the affirmative
had lie lent the South his support.
Gentlemen misapprehended the course he had
pursued, if they thought that he had been more
favorable to the North than to theSouth, or to the
South than the North. He looked upon all sec-
tions as his country, and wherever the glorious
banner of the Republic floated on this land*, that
land was his country. To-day he would fight to
defend the interests of any section.
He then replied to various arguments against
the bill; and urged its friends to reject all amend-
ments, nnd pass the substitute as it now stood.
The debate on the Nebraska bill having closed,
The CHAIRMAN. Before we proceed to the
consideration of the bill by sections, the Chair
will ask the Clerk to read so much of the34th rule
of the House as applies to the five-minute debate.
Mr. DEAN, (at one o'clock, p. m.) I move
that the committee do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will put the
question after the rule is read.
A portion of the 34th rule was read, as follows:
" Provided, That where debate is closed by order of the
House, any member shall be allowed, in committee, five
iriinutes' to explain any amendment he may offer; after
which any member who shall first obtain the floor, shall be
allowed to speak five minutes in opposition to it; and there
shall be no further debate on the amendment; but the same
privilege on debate shall be allowed in favor of. and against
any amendment that maybe offered to the amendment; and
neither the amendment nor the amendment to rm: amend-
ment shall be withdrawn by the mover theieof, unless by
the unanimous consent of the committee."
The CHAIRMAN. I called for the reading of
this rule for the purpose of saying to the com-
mittee that 1 intend to act strictly up to the letter
of the rule, and to insist that speeches must be for
the amendment or against the amendment; not to
the bill and against the bill.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN took the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Indi-
ana cannot hold the floor now.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I do not intend to
question the decision of the Chair, nor to infringe
on the rules of the House; but I rise to ask the
gentlemanfrom Illinois, [Mr. Richardson]  
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The gen-
tleman from Illinois has no power to extend any
courtesy to the gentleman from Indiana. The
committee are now under the five-minute rule, and
the Chair shall enforce the rule strictly.
The question being on the motion of the gentle-
man from New York,
M^.sWASHBURN, of Maine, demanded tell-
ers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell
and Chastain were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 62, noes 92.
So the committee refused to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will now re-
port the first section of the bill.
Mr. EDGERl'ON. Mr. Chairman, I propose
to amend the bill by striking out all that follows,
after the word " included," at the end of the third
line, and substituting in lieu thereof what I send
to the Chair; and if the committee will allow me,
I will explain to them precisely the character of
the amendment.
[The amendment proposed was the bill organiz-
ing a territorial government for Nebraska, passed
by the House at the last session of Congress.]
Several Members. Let it be read.
Mr. EDGERTON. It may be read now, or at
the close of- my five minutes. 1 prefer, however,
to say what I have to say now.
Mr. Chairman, I will explain, if permitted,
that the bill which I now propose is the bill
passed by this House during the last Congress,
and on the 10th day of February, 1853. When
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson]
introduced the House bill now before the com-
mittee, to organize the Territories of Kansas and
Nebraska, I gave notice to the House that I would
offer this bill as an amendment in the nature of a
substitute. I did it, sir, because I believed it to be
the best bill that could be passed to organize these
Territories, and because it passed this House with
only forty-three votes against it, and seventeen of
the votes in its favor were southern votes.
It went to the Senate, was supported by the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] by the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Atchison,] and by
seventeen other Senators, who voted to take it up
out of its order. During the whole time it was
before Congress for consideration, no sectional
question was raised, either in this House or in the
Senate, in relation to it. It gave rise to no sec-
tional argument; it created no sectional difficulty.
It was not stated in this House that it was neces-
sary To,repeal the Missouri compromise in order
to do justice to theSouth; neither was it intimated
that it was inconsistent with the principles of the
legislation of 1850. The time had not come for
that violation of compacts.
At that time the only objection that was made
to it was, thatit did injustice to the Indians. That
objection, however, was obviated by amendments,
and it passed this House, and I believe it would
have passed the Senate if it had had a fair vote.
That vote was prevented by the urgent necessity
of considering the appropriation bills.
This amendment which I offer proposes to or-
ganize but one Territory. If one Territory was
all that was then required, it is all that is required
now; for there has been no material increase in
the white population since that time. I have not
yet heard any satisfactory reason assigned by any
one who has spoken upon the subject, in this
House or in the Senate, not even the gentleman
from Illinois, who has last spoken upon the bill,
why there should be two Territories organized at
this tirtie. The Commissioner of Indian Affairs
was in that Territory, I believe, in October last,
and states there was but eleven white men legally
in the Territory. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Richardson] thinks that two Territories
are necessary, but assigns no substantial reason
for the organization. He says, if we are to have
the fight upon this question of organization, we
might as well have it now,and for two Territories,
as at any otfyer time.
But if two Territories are to be organized, why
not provide for a fair division ? The country
which it is proposed to organize into the Territory
of Kansas is much the most valuable portion,
and that portion which will most likely be the
first to be settled and formed into States, and con-
tains not more than a third or a fourth of the
entire Territory of Nebraska. It is only about
one fourth the size of that which it is proposed to_
organize into tbe remaining Territory of Ne-
braska. I say, therefore, that if it is necessary
that there should be two Territories, why not
make a fair division? Divide the Territories so
that thejr shall be as nearly equal as possible in
soil and inducements for settlement. The division
proposed cuts off from the Territory of Nebraska
the most valuable portion for the Territory of
Kansas, that best adapted for profitable slave
labor—and intended forit—and leaves the northern
portion, barren and uninhabitable, for tlie people
of the North.
Another reason why we should pass the substi-
tute I have offered is, that it contains more of the
principles of non-intervention and self-govern-
ment than are to be found in the substitute offered
by the gentleman from Illinois. Upon that ques-
tion I challenge him to a discussion upon the
merits of the two bills. This bill, sir, gives no
veto power to the Governor of the Territory. By
it the people, in their legislative capacity, are su-
preme. They do in fact govern themselves by
making theirown laws. Neither theoriginal bill,
nor the'substitute of the gentleman, which is the
Senate bill, permits them to do so. It takes from
Congress the power to revise the legislation of the
Territory; and in other respects it places more
power in the hands of the people, and, if there
be any truth in the doctrine of non-intervention,
it is contained in this bill, and to a greater extent
than in the substitute proposed by the gentleman.
And, another thing. My amendment proposes
to give to the free*white inhabitants of the Terri-
tory the privilege of the elective franchise. That
is a privilege not found in the other bill^, but pro-
hibited by them.
But the greatest of all reasons why northern
men should support the bill of the last Congress,
which is my amendment, is, that it does not pro-
pose the repeal of the Missouri compromise.
During the last Congress, when that bill was under
consideration in this House, no southern man
dared to get up and move a repeal of that com-
promise. The time had not arrived when that
imposition on the North was to be attempted.
Southern men voted for the bill as it was. The
gentlemen from Georgia, [Messrs. Toombs and
Stephens] were members of this House, and then,
as now, the jealous and zealous guardians of the
rights of the South; but they did not discover that
their rights required the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, or that the legislation of 1850 was
inconsistent with it, or with the bill. The gen-
tleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Ci.ingman,}
gentlemen from Louisiana, gentlemen from Vir-
ginia, all voted for the bill. No man dared to
raise the question that it was necessary to repeal
the Missouri compromise in order to. do justice to
the South. But m one short year the necessities
of politics have demanded its repeal, and pop-
ular sovereignty has been seized upon by north-
ern men who have been elevated by its power,
and fear its vengeance for their errors, as an ex-
cuse for the violation of a compact which reason
and justice sustained. Popular sovereignty is not
a new doctrine. It ia as old as the Union, and
goes everywhere with the American citizen, except
into theTerritories of Kansas and Nebraska, under
the bill I am endeavoring to amend. They ex-
clude it. Thepeoplethere would not be sovereign.
The great law that the majority shall rule, would
there have no existence. The legislation is to
be controlled by a Governor not the choice of the
people, beyond their reach. The veto power is
bad enough anywhere, but it is monstrous when
exercised by an Executive not elected by the
people nor responsible to them, but who holds his
office in defiance of their wishes.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Is it in order to move to
perfect the matter proposed to be stricken out ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. EDGERTON. I now ask that the amend-
ment which I offered be read.
