1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
527
Mr. DAWSON. Let me turn the gentleman's
attention to the last clause in the 7th section,
which is as follows :
"That all persons entering land under the provisions of
this act, shall, as near as may be practicable, m making
such entries, be confined to each alternate quarter section,
and to land subject to private entry."
Mr. DOWDELL. But it does not say that the
remaining quarter sections shall be sold for $2 50
per acre. Of all the dashes at the public domain,
this is the most magnificent which has ever been
projected. It sweeps away the whole of it; and
who gets the benefit of it? Why, sir, it is a public
invitation to unlock the poor-houses of Europe, to
pour upon us a population, unskilled and untu-
tored in the spirit of our institutions. I am will-
ing:, when they come here, to allow them all the
privileges which they now enjoy. Many make
good citizens. I have no objection to the present
naturalization laws; but I am unwilling to give
my support to any measure which will stimulate
already overgrown immigration.
Sir, I want to bring this bill within gun-shot of
the Constitution. [Laughter.] Howdogentlemen
propose to get over the difficulty ? How give away
the public lands? How count them into the
general charge and expenditure? Fifty cents per
acre will cover the costs of survey and all the other
expenses. Is it not just, and will it not carry out
the general objects of the bill? Is it not fair to
make a discrimination of one hundred and fifty per
cent.? My amendment goes to that extent. It
makes a discrimination m favor of the actual set-
tlers of one hundred and fifty per cent., and I am
willing to go that far.
I think that discrimination should be made in
favor of the man who leaves his home in the
haunts of civilized men, and goes into the wilder-
ness, subjects it to cultivation, and to some extent
improves the surrounding territory.
If you will adopt this amendment, your bill will
stand a chance of being; passed by this House.
There is much land in my State that is not worth
fifty cents per acre; nay, not twenty-five ce'ntsper
acre. And I believe we would not violate the
conditions of these compacts with the States of
Georgia and of Indiana to relinquish, after a suf-
ficient time, the waste lands which cannot be sold
at twenty-five cents per acre. Sir, as the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Colquitt] well remarked,
this bill will not benefit the poor classes; it will
not benefit the old States; it will benefit the new
States but little. It will benefit Europe most, and
the population which will come thence upon us.
They are the men who will settle upon these
lands.
I hope the amendment will be adopted, so that,
if the bill pass, we shall not be charged with the
expense of surveying these lands and then giving
them away.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not rise at this time to
enter into any discussion as to the merits of this
bill. These I endeavored to make plain to the
understanding of this committee in the opening of
the debate. The remarks of the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Dowdell] are nothing more than a
reiteration of the objections which have been urged
against this bill over and over and over again. It is
the objection which comes from every southern
member in this House w^houndertakes to defeatthe
passage of the bill. He holds up the Constitution
before us as an argument against it. Why, sir, the
Constitution is a shield which may be held up to
affect every scheme against which gentlemen may
oppose their objections, or which they may take
ground in favor of. What provision of the Con-
stitution has been violated in this bill? I would
thank the gentleman if, instead of dealing in gen-
eralities, he would place his finger on the clause of
the Constitution which has been violated.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
from Pennsylvania permit me to interrupt him ?
Mr. DAWSON. I cannot, for the present,
give way to the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. DOWDELL. Will the gentleman permit
me to interrupt him ? I ask him to show the clause j
in the Constitution which authorizes Congress to j
give away the land. j
Mr. DAWSON. I referred to the clause con- i
Liined in the third section of the fourth article of J
the Constitution m my opening speech, and which
I read a few days since in my reply to the con-
stitutional objection then urged by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Smith.] There the power is
clearly, and fully, and explicitly given to Congress
to dispose of the public domain. This constitu-
tional right to grant and donate the public lands
to actual settlers has been exercised by Congress
over and over again. Even Mr. Calhoun himself,
the great champion of southern rights and of strict
construction, advocated the policy and constitu-
tional right of granting alternate sections for the
construction of railroads. So far the constitu-
tional right in either case has not been questioned.
The gentleman fx*om Alabama, [Mr. Dowdell,]
in his sweeping denunciation of the measure, has
said that the bill is intended to benefit the interests
of the people of Europe. Sir, I am tired of hear-
ing that objection. It is not warranted by the terms
of the bill; but, on the contrary, the language of the
bill confines the benefits of its provisions to those
who are now citizens, and are now residents of the
States and Territories. Beyond this it does not go.
It does not discriminate against ihose emigrants
who are now here, no matter whether they come
from the Emerald Isle, the Grampian hills, the fens
of England, the mountains of Switzerland, or the
plains and forests of Germany. It strikes me
then, sir, that if the gentlemen who oppose this
objection to the bill would look critically and care-
fully at the language employed, they would save
themselves from being placed in the position which
devolves upon me the duty of correcting them.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I think I have got through
answering and refuting the objections of my friend
from Alabama. I have only again to refer to the
fact that this bill does not encourage any foreign
emigration. 1 have referred already to the charge
which has been reiterated, and which first fell from
the lips of the honorable gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Smith,] that the bill is of no service to the
laboring classes of the country. I do not know
what may be the characteristics of the laboring
classes of Virginia and Alabama; but I can tell
the gentleman that in the North, where the labor-
ing classes provide their own homes and build up
their own fortunes, and in their successful career
illustrate the force, equality, and beauty of our
republican system, this bill will be of incalculable
advantage. Who is it, sir, that settle the forests
and prairies of the great West? They are not
gentlemen from Virginia or from Alabama. No,
sir; it is the free States that have poured into these
new countries a tide of emigration, which was
not checked by the barrier of the Alleghanies,
which has swept onward and built up States and
Territories, until it has passed far beyond the
waters of the Mississippi, and is rolling on rapidly
towards the base of the Rocky Mountains.
Where, sir, is Ohio, a State which came into the
Union in 1302, and which at this very time sur-
passes Virginia herself, in numerical representa-
tion upon this floor? Where is Indiana? She,
too, in the course of another decade will be here in
equal power. Where is Illinois, Michigan, Mis-
souri, Iowa, and Wisconsin, peopled with the labor-
ing classes of this country, who have subdued the
wilderness, reclaimed the waste and wet lands,
built up cities and towns, and covering the Missis-
sippi and its tributaries with a steam marine, such
as no other portion of the globe can present' Sir,
it is the energy of the North that cheers the star
of empire in its western march. I trust that the
true friends of the bill will cease to offer objec-
tions and amendments, and, with a united effort,
will carry it through.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was not agieed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question is
upon the motion of the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Cobb] to strike out a portion of the first sec-
tion. The gentleman from Ohio proposes an
amendment to that section.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I propose to amend the
amendment by strikingoutonequarter section,"
and inserting " one half section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inform
the gentleman that that proposition has already
been acted upon by the committee.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I move to insert, in
the place of what I propose to strike out, " one
section."
I make this motion for the purpose of respond-
ing, very briefly, to this constitutional question,
which gentlemen from Virginia are so constantly
springing upon this House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the gentleman from Ohio that he should confine
his remarks to the consideration of the difference
between a " one quarter section" and a " whole
section." [Laughter.] That is not a constitu-
tional question at all. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. If it is unconstitutional to
give a quarter section, it is more unconstitutional
to give a whole section, [laughter,] as a matter of
course.
Now, sir, this public domain belongs to the
Federal Government. The Constitution provides
that " Congress shall have power to dispose of and
make all needful rules and regulations respecting
the territory and other property of the United
States." I think this is a proper disposition of
the public domain.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Sage]
said that there would be great danger that foreign-
ers would come in and take possession of some of
these unoccupied lands. I have no doubt that
upon every fourth of July that gentleman is called
upon to deliver an address before his constituents,
and that on such occasions he is eloquent in dis-
coursing upon the fact that we have said to all the
world that this is " the land of free and the home
of the oppressed."
A Voice. The "brave."
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes, sir; " the land of the
free and the home of the oppressed." I would
welcome those brave and gallant men of foreign
lands who struggled for liberty. I would welcome
the down-trodden Hungarians who fought so no-
bly for freedom. 1 would throw open the doors
and welcome them all to this land. The-gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Millson] says that he
shall not raise another constitutional question.
We had the question of constitutionality raised
yesterday by his colleague, [Mr. Letcher,]
when the Wisconsin railroad bill was under con-
sideration, when it was proposed that a young sis-
ter State in the far West should be assisted in
making her roads, as we had assisted other States.
It was but two years ago, I find, that a measure
passed this House by which twenty-seven million
acres of the public domain were voted away by
honorable members from Virginia to the States in
which the lands were located. I would like to un-
derstand from these gentlemen who now raise this
constitutional question, where they found the au-
thority, under the Constitution, to vote away twen-
ty seven million acres of the public domain ?
Mr. LETCHER. Do you mean to say that I
voted so ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Your predecessor did so
vote. The honorable gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Letcher] said yesterday that Virginia was
against the policy of voting away the public lands;
and I now refer to the vote to show that every
Virginian upon this floor, with a single exception,
voted to give away twenty-seven million acres of
the public domain.
Mr. LETCHER. To what does the gentleman
refer ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I refer to the bill granting
the swamp lands; and if the Constitution is to be
measured by any weather square in Virginia I
should like to know it. If you have the power,
under the Constitution, to give away to the States
wet swamp lands, why cannot you giveaway dry
lands to actual occupants} I call upon the honor-
able gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,]
who voted for the bill, to point me to the clause in
the Constitution which authorizes him to vote for
wet lands. Every man of the Virginia delegation,
with one single exception—that of Mr. Edmund-
son-—voted for this bill.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] commenced his remarks by
alluding to the frequency with which constitutional
objections had been urged against this bill by gen-
tlemen from Virginia. I have notargued the con-
stitutional question. The committee will surely
recollect that I referred to my having done so at
the last Congress, and said it was a folly I should
not be likelv to repeat—at least upon this hill. I
am not surprised, however, that such arguments
should prove unwelcome. Perhaps "they trouble
gentlemen. Like conscience, the Constitution will
not always speak pleasant things; and perhaps
they would rather dream on, and give their votes in
sweet forgetfulness that we ever had such a thing
as the Constitution. For my own part, I am some-
times disposed to imitate the example of other gen-
tlemen from the South, and remain passive and
silent while these preparations are making for our
