1238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
Territories, when he concedes that only one is
necessary, from the scarcity of population, is at
war with the action of this Government as to
Territories from its earliest history to the present
day. The practice has been' uniform to divide
territories as the increase of population required
it. The whole Northwest Territory, northwest
of the Ohio river, was organized under one gov-
ernment at first, from which five States are now
formed. This was afterwards divided into other
Territories as the increased population demanded.
Indiana Territory, which was very extensive,
was first organized in the same manner. Out of
Indiana Territory was taken Michigan Territory;
and from Michigan was taken Wisconsin, and so
on. So in 1848, a territorial government for Oregon
was formed, and,as population increased in 1853,
Washington Territory was formed from a part of
Oregon.
Now, however, a new course of policy is to be
adopted, andat a heavy and unnecessary annual
expense, to be paid by this Government, about
$100,000 per annum for each territorial government.
We are to have two, when only one is required,
simply because the gentleman fears another con-
test. He has not the courage to risk it. I speak
of courage in "a political sense—not otherwise, of
course, as I know the gentleman to be a true man
in every respect. The only merit in such legisla-
tion, 1 believe, is its novelty; and in this progress-
ive age perhaps that is a merit 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. 1 object to
the amendment of the gentleman from New York,
on the ground that these Territories are too large
to be embraced under the one government.
The question being on the adoption of the
amendment,
Tellers were called for and ordered; and Messrs.
Chandler, and Harris of Alabama, were ap-
pointed. «
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
•—ayes 83, noes 100.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MACE. I propose to add to the follow-
ing words of the first section of the House bill:
" And when admitted as a State or States, Die said Ter-
ritory, or any portion of the same, shall be received into
the Union, with or without shivery, as their constitution may
prescribe at the time of their admission,"
the following words:
And the Territorial legislature shall have power to
admit or exclude slavery at any time by law.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I hope the gentleman
will allow the amendment to be reported from the
Clerk's desk, so that we may all know whatit is.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would request
gentlemen who have amendments to offer to re-
duce them to writing, so that they may be read
from the Clerk's desk.
The amendment was again reported.
Mr. MACE. Mr. Chairman, in good faith 1
propose the following amendment to the bill under
consideration: Insert after the word "admission,"
in the first section:
And the Legislature of said Territory fs hereby clothed
with lull power, at any session thereof, to establish or pro-
hibit slavery in said Territory.
This amendment is offered for the purpose of
testing the sincerity of western members wno sup-
fort the bill, and especially my colleagues from
ndiana. With them, and in my State, the bur-
den of the song on the part of the friends of the
bill is, that it establishes the great doctrine of pop-
ular sovereignty, whereby the people of the Ter-
ritory are left " perfectly free," through the Ter-
ritorial Legislature, to admit or reject slavery.
1 know, and every man knows who has read
the bill carefully, that it does not, and was not
intended to confer the power upon the Territorial
Legislature to pass laws rejecting slavery or
admitting it. But if in this I am mistaken, and
the friends of the bill are, in fact, in favor of pop-
ular sovereignty, and more particularly the friends
of General Cass, the father of the doctrine of
popular sovereignty in the Territories, the com-
mittee will readily adopt my amendment, and
relieve the bill of all doubt as to the power of the
Territorial Legislatureoverthequestion of slavery.
But, sir, full well do I know that the amendment
will be rejected, not by the vote of the members
acting with me against the bill, but by the friends
of the bill, the pretended friends of popular sover-
eignty 1 desire to place on the record the fact
that the friends of the bill did most directly and
distinctly repudiate the doctrineof " squatter," or
popular sovereignty, while_ those who act with me
support it to the fullest extent, so far as this bill
is concerned.
It has been said that the following clause of the
fourteenth section of the bill confers the power
upon the Legislature to legislate on the subject of
slavery, to wit:
ts It being the true intent and meaning of this act not to
legislate slavery into any Territory or Slate, nor to exclude
it therefrom, but to leave the people thereof perfectly free
to form and regulate their domestic institutions in their
own way, subject only to the Constitution of the United
States."
Now, what is the true construction placed upon
this southern clause of the bill by its friends, and
perhaps others? It is, that the people of the Terri-
tory, when they form a State constitution, and not
before, are " left perfectly free to form md regulate
their domestic institutions (which means slavery)
in their own ivrty, subject only to the Consti-
tution of the United States." The vole on
my amendment will demonstrate that 1 have placed
the construction upon this clause intended by
those who concocted the bill. " Squatter sover-
eignty" has no vitality in the bill; all she has is a
short, high sounding, well adjusted little stump
speech, put in to enable venal presses and cross-
road stump orators to deceive the people. The
bill, in fact, is nothing more nor less than an ordi-
nary bill establishing Territories, such as has in
the main been adopted since the organization of
Territories, except the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise act, and the provision granting foreigners
the right to vote as soon as they make the decla-
ration to become citizens. Members from the free
States argue that it does not admit slavery; mem-
bers from the slave States argue the reverse, with
the further declaration that slavery will not go into
the Territory on account of the^soil and climate.
The truth is, that slavery will go into the Terri-
tories of Kansas and Nebraska both, if the bill
passes in its present form.
For proof of this assertion, I assume the fact,
and defy contradiction, that there is not a Chris-
tian country orGovernmetiton earth where slavery
and involuntary servitude does not exist, unless
specially prohibited by law. All the States of this
Union, where slavery does not exist, would have
slavery to a greater or less extent, if a prohibition
against it did not exist.
Remove the slavery restriction in Ohio, Indi-
ana, and Illinois, and all of those States would
have slavery, in a few years, equal to Maryland,
Kentucky, or Tennessee.
Mr. ENGLISH. Will my colleague vote for
the bill if his amendment is adopted.
Mr. MACE. 1 will. I am safe in making the
pledge, because I know the amendment will be
rejected by the friends of the bill, or, if adopted, it
will defeat the bill. 1 will add, as 1 have revised
my remarks since the vote was taken on the amend-
ment, that the vote was, for the amendment 76,
against it 94; but one friend of the bill voted for
the amendment, and that was my colleague, [Mr.
English.]
Mr. WARREN obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. ENGLISH, who said: 1 desire to ask my
colleague one question. If your amendment is
adopted, will you vote for this bill?
Mr. MACE. I will.
Mr. ENGLISH. Then, for one, I shall vote
for the amendment, because the same principle
.which I warmly approve, is substantially incor-
porated in the Senate bill, now .pending as a
substitute for this House bill, and which I have
no doubt will be adopted. I understand the
friends of Nebraska intend passing the substitute,
and not the original House bill, which my col-
league proposes to amend. We shall see when
the vote is taken on adopting the substitute,
whether he will stand by the principle of his
amendment.
Mr. WARREN. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana, because I do
not want to abolish the ground for making these
stump speeches.
The amendment was again reported; and the
question being upon its adoption,
Mr. MACE demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Carpenter and Breckin-
ridge were appointed.
The question was then taken on Mr. Mace's
amendment; and it was decided in the negative,
the tellers having reported—ayes 76, noes 94.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PARKER. Mr. Chairman, I move to
strike out all after the words "beginning at," in
the sixth, and the whole of the seventh line, and
in lieu thereof, to insert the words "a point on
the Missouri river where the parallel of 42° 30'
crosses the same."
This runs the north boundary of Kansas some
degrees further north. The only difficulty, sir,
which we have in this bill, amounting to any-
thing, is the one in reference to the subject of
slavery. My amendment looks directly to that.
It will be observed, by a reference to the map
which gentlemen have before them in the Con-
gressional Directory, that the Territory of Kansas
lies to the extreme south of the unorganized
region, and, as adjusted in the bill, immediately
west of Missouri, and is not more than one fourth
as large as the Territory of Nebraska. There is
a vast difference in the magnitude of the two Ter-
ritories. Kansas is to the south. I wish to run
it up further north, and lap it also upon Iowa. If
slavery would go into any portion of that unor-
ganized territory, it would be most apt to go into
the Territory of Kansas, and would decrease in
relative strength as you leave the southern border
and go north. The great body of the population
which will push out there will, of necessity, and
unquestionably, go into the southern part of the
unorganized Territory. That is to say, it would-
strike into the Kansas, not the Nebraska region.
My object is to run further north that southern
portion, so as to be sure of securing a clear pre-
ponderence of inhabitants from the northern and
free States on their emigration to the country, to
the end that, if the subject of slavery be referred,
as you propose to refer it, to the people there, sla-
very may be excluded from that Territory.
I have no disguise whatever about the object I
have in view in presenting this amendment. I
wish gentlemen from the free States to understand
it perfectly; and then let them take the responsi-
bility, and vote against it with their eyes open.
North of the line that I propose as the northern
boundary of Kansas, there will be very few in-
habitants, I presume, for many years to come. It
lies north of the range of all the stream of travel
towards the Pacific coast, as I understand it. It
lies north, as I understand it, of nearly all the
white population that is there at this time. It lies
north of where the great body of the population
will go for a long time to come.
Just in proportion as you multiply the popula-
tion south of the line I propose, and north of the
onenowin the bill, will youmultiply the probabili-
ties of making Kansas free soil. And that is my
object in offering the amendment. The great ob-
ject that I have had in view from first to last
is simply to hold back slavery from this region,
and has not been to prevent the organization of
the Territory. I desire that it shall be organized.
I voted in the last Congress for its organization.
There was great unanimity in that vote—no ex-
citement or ill feeling, for this slavery fire-brand
was not then thrown in. But I do object, and the
whole North objects to this virgin soil—dedicated
long ago to freedom—being now made the abode
of slaves.
Southern gentlemen tell us that they have no
idea that slavery will ever go into this Territory,
and in that I differ from them altogether; that
their object is simply to wipe off from the statute-
book an offensive restriction that has remained
there for years, and to establish a principle that
they may avail themselves of hereafter. If that
be really their sole object, my amendment does
not affect that object in the least. And if they
are sincere in what they say—and it is not for me
to question their sincerity—they can have no ob-
jection to my position of the line.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Brooks] asks me if I will support the bill if my
amendment be adopted. I answer, no, never, so
long as it aims at the.repeal of the Missouri com-
promise. Let that'stand in full force as it has for
a full generation, and let the foreigner who hon-
estly seeks a home there, and so declares his in-
tention, have the privileges of an American citi-
zen, as I think he should, in such a case, every-
where amongst us; and leaping over all else in the
bill that may be objectionable, I will then go for
it with both hands up.
