2096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3.
vi
the amendment in question; but, as has" been con-
ceded this morning on all sides, and as is within
the recollection of the Chair, by some mistake in
numbering the amendment, it was reported to the
House as having been non-concurred in. It is
competent, however, for the committee of confer-
ence to settle it; and the Chair supposes that there
will be no difficulty about it.
.Mr. HUNT. Then I am satisfied.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is, perhaps, due to the
clerks 
Mr. HUNT. I believe I have the floor. I
wish it distinctly understood, that an error com-
mitted in this House must be corrected in this
House. It can be done by unanimous consent,
and I,ask that it may be done, and let the bill go
in its proper shape to theccommittee of confer-
ence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs leave to in-
form the gentleman from Louisiana that the bill
has been already passed upon by the Senate in
the shape in which it was sent to them, with the
error in it. The Senate have adhered to all of
their amendments, and it has been sent back from
the Senate, with arequest.that a committee of con-
ference be appointed on the part of the House.
The bill is now in possession of the House, and
it will lead to delay if the course indicated by the
gentleman should be talten.
Mr. HUNT. Understanding that has been
done which I desire to have effected, 1 will not
now submit a motion.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I desire to
suggest whether it would not be in the power of
the House to recede from its disagreement as to
that amendment, and then appoint a committee of
conference as to the rest of the amendments? That
would settle all the difficulty.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say a word which
perhaps is due tp the clerks of the House, who
have had the management of this bill. It is this:
The numbers which the printers placed opposite
to the amendments do not correspond with the
numbers in Unoriginal bill from the Senate, and
in that way this confusion has crept in; and it is
an error which may be corrected without the least
impropriety by the conference committee. As it
now stands, the House disagreed to the amend-
ment; and when the bill went back to the Senate
the Senate insisted upon the amendment; and the
committee of conference can settle the matter ac-
cording to the action of the House.
The SPEAKER. The House has already or-
dered a committee of conference; and this subject
can only be reached in the House by reconsider-
ing that vote.
ALTERATION OP THE RECORD—AGAIN.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I do not intend to
detain the committee more than a minute or two,
to make an explanation founded upon the remarks
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] in
regard to the governor, auditor, and treasurer of
Minnesota. For the reason which I explained
when I was offering the report of the majority,
the majority thought proper to insert a second
section to the bill, to prevent these executive of-
ficers from indicating any company, in case the
legal result of what has taken place should be
that the company, as organized, has failed to
comply with the charter. But if the House
chooses to make a grant of land to Minnesota,
the majority of the committee did not propose to
make a proposition to the House to fix and limit
the territorial government from indicating the'
manner in which that Territory should dispose of
that grant. That is the difference between the
suggestion of my friend from Ohio and the bal-
ance of the committee; and the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Simmons,] who signed the re-
port of the gentleman from Ohio, states that he
prefers the bill offered by the majority of the com-
mittee.
One other word. Your committee have been m
session—and I am instructed to say so—for more
•than a week. The subject matter of investiga-
tion was simple and direct. They could have
exhausted the subject in one or two days. They
believe they did, but some latitude was given, and
a great deal of matter is contained in that record,
which, while it does not reflect upon anybody, is
irrelevant to the matter in hand.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] stated
, something in regard to the names of some gentle-
men of this House having been mentioned in that
testimony, and that he deems it proper that the
committee should stand over until the next session.
It is true that the name of a member of this
House was mentioned in the course of that testi-
mony; but not upon the knowledge of any party
concerned, or bearing directly upon the fact of the
alterations. In the course of the evidence, the
name of some individual in New York was men-
tioned; and it was stated that he might answer
two or three questions touching the matter in con-
nection with which his name was mentioned; but
the committee have directed that these interroga-
tories shall be put to these persons, and they have
authorized me to ask that their answers, as soon
as they can be obtained, shall be filed with the
evidence. But your committee did not suppose
they would have any nSaterial bearing upon the
matter in hand. I am instructed to say, that the
committee have examined the matter submitted
to them by the House thoroughly, and the facts
as to who made the alterations, as far as they
have been able to ascertain them, are fully spread
out in the evidence. The majority of the com-
mittees have not felt authorized to inquire into
any matter not pertaining to the matter in hand.
They believe that no member of the House would
be implicated by any further investigations; and,
therefore, they recommend that the evidence, in
full, be printed, together with whatever answers
may be received to the interrogatories we have
sent to the person to whom I have referred in
New York, which are expected to-morrow morn-
ing, and that the committee may be discharged
from the further examination of the subject.
And, now, m reference to the bill reported by
the majority of the committee, I will state that
four of the committee concur in reporting the bill
which I read to the House. My friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell,] however, prefers the one which
he has read to the House. By reference to the
terms of the resolution raising the committee, the
House will observe that the committee were simply
instructed to inquire into the change in the text of
the bill, as to who made the alteration, and under
what circumstances it was done. They might very
properly have confined themselves simply to a re-
port responsive to the resolution. They doubted
for some time whether, under the instructions of
the House,and being aselect committee, they had
the right to report any recommendations for the
action of the House
MESSAGES FROM THE SENATE AND PRES-
IDENT.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by asbtiry dickins, Esq., their Secretary, inform-
ing the House that they had passed the following
bills of the House without amendment:
A bill for the relief of John Prink;
A bill for the relief of civil township of Marion,
in the county of Mercer, Ohio;
A bill for the relief of James Walsh;
A bill for the relief of W. D. Porter of the
United States Navy;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Hammond, of
the State of New York;
A bill for the relief of Henry W. Halsted;
A bill for the relief of Jesse R. Faulkner, of
Missouri; and '
A bill for the relief of John McVea and John
P. ICneely, of Louisiana.
Also, that they had passed a resolution suspend-
ing, for the remainder of the session, the 16th and
17th joint rules, in which he bad been directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.]
[A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by Sidney Web-
ster, his Private Secretary.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 move that the
message which has just been received be taken up
and read.
There being no objection, the Speaker presented
the following message:
Washington, august 2, 1854.
To the House of Representatives :
I herewith transmit to you a copy r>f the treaty between
the United States and Great Britain, negotiated at Wash-
ington on the 5th of June last. It has been concurred in
by the Benate, and I have no doubt that the ratifications of
it wif! soon be exchanged. It will be observed (hat by the
provision of the fifth article the treaty does not go into oper-
ation until after legislation thereon by the respective parties.
Should Congress, at its present session, pass the requisite
law on the part of the United States to give effect to its
stipulations, the Ashing grounds on the coasts of the British
North American Provinces, from which our fishermen have
been heretofore excluded, may be opened to them during
the present season, and apprehended collisions between
them and British fishermen avoided.
For this reason, and for the purpose of securing to the
citizens of the United States, at the earliest practicable
period, other advantages which it is believed they will de-
rive from this treaty, 1 recommend the passage by Congress,
at the present session, of such a law as is necessary on the
part of the United States to give effect to its provisions.
FRANKLIN PIERCE.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, the
communication was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.]
ALTERATION OF THE RECORD—AGAIN.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, (resuming.) Mr.
Speaker, I had only a word or two to offer when
the interruption occurred. It is impossible for the
committee to make the House acquainted with the
testimony spread on the record, or to go into a
discussion of it now. They can only state their
opinions and conclusions, and the House must
take such action as it thinks proper on the recom-
mendations from the committee.
I am instructed to say that four of the commit-
tee prefer the form of the bill which has been sub-
mitted by the majority; that they believe they have
examined all thelvidence material to the alteration
in the text of the bill which can be obtained; that
the only witness who was, by any individual on
the committee, supposed to be material in any form,
or who could give any testimony, not touching
the alteration, but touching other matter which
had been introduced, was in the city of New Fork
and unable to be here; and that to gratify the gen-
tleman whose name had been mentioned, the com-
mittee had directed interrogatories to be put to him,
although the wffole of it was founded on hearsay,
and have asked that that shall be printed with the
testimony, when it comes. Under those circum-
stances a majority of your committee ask that the
evidence, including the answer to their interroga-,
tories, shall be published for the satisfaction of the
House; and that they may be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject.
In regard to the bill offered by the majority, as
I was remarking, your committee thought, at one
time, that it was proper for them to confine them-
selves to the resolution under which they were
appointed, and to report simply the fact of the al-
teration, by whom made,the circumstances under
which it was made, and then let the House act on
the report as it may think proper. But, inas-
much as a change in the word indicated had been
made after the bill was engrossed and had passed
the House, your committee supposed that they did
not transcend the spirit of the resolution under
which they were appointed, by offering a proposi-
tion to the House to put it in statu quo ante helium,
that the House, if it chose, might pass a supple-
mental act, which restored it to the condition in
which it was. It is not for us to volunteer any
action to the House.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I would suggest to
the gentleman from Kentucky, that he had better
call for the previous question, and let us pass this
bill. I for one, am disposed to do it.
[Cries of " That is right!"]
Mr. HUNT. Thereportoughtnotto bepassed
over by this House without an expression of opin-
ion on the part of members. I for one, desire to
express my opinions on the conduct of the Clerk
of this House and the member from Michigan.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the House will give
me its attention for a few minutes, I will briefly
state the reasons why the minority of the commit-
tee think that further testimony should be taken.
Now, I put it to each and every member of that
committee, and each and every member of this
House, whether the reports of the majority and
minority of the committee do not show that a
gross fraud has been perpetrated by the interpola-
tion in an act of this House, and I would put it to
the House whether either report settles the fraud
upon any person, and whether, under such cir-
cumstances, and especially when the committee
has had only a few days in which to pursue its
investigations, and those at the close of the ses-
sion, it is not due to Congress and the country that
we should make some further effort to ferret out
the originator of the fraud whether he be a mem-
ber, an officer, or an outsider. "Why, sir, this
Minnesota bill makes a larger grant of the public
domain than any bill ever passed by Congress
