THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1854.
New Series....No. 139.
before. Millions of acres, by the insertion of the
word " and" in the place of the word " or," were
taken away from the control of the Legislature of
that Territory, and given to an incorporated com-
pany which had procured a charter from the Le-
gislature. I appeal to the honorable gentleman
who has just taken his seat, to say if there is any-
thing; that-we have said in the report which fastens
suspicion upon any member of this House? But
neither of the reports goes so far as to say that
there is nothing that does not fasten suspicion in
some other quarter.
Mr. JONES, of New York. Will the gentle-
man from Ohio inform me whether the committee
know who are the directors in that company; and
if they do, will he not inform the House, so that
we may better judge in relation to this matter?
Mr. CAMPBELL. By reference to the char-
ter, which is made a part of the testimony, it
will be seen that the corporators are the Messrs.
Schuyler, of New York.
Mr. JONES. Which Schuyler ? .
Mr. CAMPBELL. George Schuyler, Ketch-
um, &c.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Ohio. It is perfectly mani-
fest, from the reports of the majority and minor-
ity, that a fraud has been perpetrated, and I de-
sire to be informed who committed it?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The committee could not
come to a positive conclusion of sufficient strength
to authorize us to make a solemn report in regard
to that matter to this House, for the reason that
we had not time to go thoroughly into an investi-
gation of all the matters connected with this affair.
There are parties living in the Territory of Min-
nesota whose testimony, I now state to the House,
I believe to be important to a thorough under-
standing of this subject. So much for the prop-
osition to extend the investigation.
Now a word, and but a word, as to the prop-
osition to take awiy the power by which one or
two or three officers of the Territory of Minnesota
may designate the company to which this vast
domain shall be given. The bill of the majority
proposes simply to nullify the act heretofore passed
giving them that power. There is nothing in the
bill of the majority which would preclude the Le-
gislature, composed of the very identical members,
from assembling and again passing an act of that
kind. It is for that reason, and for the purpose
of guarding the rights of the people there, that I
have provided in the bill of the minority that the
people shall elect a Legislature in future which
shall decide in what way this vast domain shall
be disposed of. Such, let me say, was evidently
the intention of the parties who first prepared that
bill, and sent it to the Committee on Public Lands.
I now move, Mr. Speaker, that the bill reported
by the minority, be taken as a substitute for that
of the majority; and on that motion I ask the pre-
vious question.
Mr. COBB. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to withdraw his call for the previous question, to
enable me to make one or two remarks.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw the call for
the previous question, as requested.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman from Ohio speaks
of the bill as giving away millions of acres of the
Territory of Minnesota. Now, I want to ask
that gentleman one question—I am posted up on
it myself, and, inasmuch as I have voted for this
bill, I desire that my vote shall always be estimat-
ed according to its worth. What I want to know
from him is: He states that the bill grants some
millions of acres. Has he ever calculated the
amount really granted by it? If not, I can tell
him.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, I should like to
know.
Mr. COBB. Then I suppose you have not
made a close calculation: have you ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. No.
Mr. COBB. Well, then, that the thing may
go properly to the country, I will state the quan-
tity of land granted by that bill. 1 was myself
of the same opinion as that entertained by the
132
gentleman from Ohio in relation to the quantity of
land granted under that bill. But I have an esti-
mate that was made by a properly qualified per-
son, from which I learn that, if the railroad track
be run in a direct line, the quantity of land granted
will be less than six hundred thousand acres.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, that is no small
quantity.
Mr. COBB. One more suggestion. According
to the bill, if the track be constructed meandering
between certain places, the company may get
more than that quantity of land; but 1 do not be-
lieve that in any case they can get more than
seven hundred thousand acres.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I further withdraw the
demand which I made for the previous question
for my colleague on the committee, [Mr. Barry,]
who I understand wishes to make some observa-
tions.
Mr. BARRY. I wish to make a few remarks
to the House on this subject; but 1 promise to
occupy very little of its time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee, in the chair.) The Chair desires to
state the question before the House, that there may
be no mistake or misapprehension. The Chair
understands that the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Breckinridge] made a report from the
committee, and concluded that report by making
a motion to discharge the committee from further
consideration of the subject, and to print the report
and testimony. That is, in the opinion of the
Chair, the question pending before the House.
The Chair thinks that the question on the bill read
by the gentleman, and the motion to discharge the
committee, and to print the report and testimony,
cannot both be pending at the same time. The
question, therefore, before the House is the mo-
tion to discharge the committee, and to print the
report, including the testimony.
Mr. M1LLSOW, (interrupting.) I desire to
ask a question of the Chair I desire to ask the
Chair whether, if the mam question shall be or-
dered, it will not bring the House to vote on the I
report of the committee alone? And will it be in j
order afterwards to introduce any resolution in
reference to the conduct either of the Clerk or of
anybody else ? And will it not cut off the motion
to postpone the further consideration of this whole
question to the next session of Congress? I wish
to be informed on these questions before we pro-
ceed to vote on the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The present
occupant of the Chair is of opinion that the pend-
ing question is the motion made by the commit-
tee through their organ, the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, to discharge the committee* and to print
the report and minutes of the testimony. If the
previous question shall be sustained on that, and
if the vote be taken, the question will be disposed
of.
Mr. MILLSON. Then it is not in order to
move a postponement of the question until we
can have read the evidence, so as to understand
the question fully?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will not, if
the previous question be sustained, and the mam
question ordered to be put.
Mr. BARRY. The question which the com-
mittee was chiefly to examine, was in reference to
a certain interlineation and alteration in records,
and the circumstances under which it had been
made. The examination of that involved but few
facts, and the evidence of but few persons. But
in going into the investigation, we made the dis-
covery^ was stated by thegentleman from Mich-
igan, that the alteration was requested by a certain
person outside of the House. Then the commit-
tee proceeded to inquire from that person and
others what was his motive in making the request.
That is the outside portion of this testimony; and
if we were to ferret it to the bottom, as we are
called upon to do, it would take the committee six
months; because we would have to examine every
man who had had a conversation upon the sub-
ject, or who had had anything to do with the sub-
ject, directly or indirectly.
As to the first part of the examination, we were
enabled to report upon it in full, and unanimously,
and to state that there was no corrupt design on
the part of any member of this House, or any
officer of the House. Now, shall we stop with
the report which we have made, and not let it go
to the country, because we cannot with absolute
certainty tell whether or not the motives of the
person who suggested the change outside of the
House were criminal? This House cannot, of
course, understand the question without the testi-
mony; and when they see it, they will discover that
a large portion of it is irrelevant. We did not
know what was to be proved, or what witnesses
were to be called for examination. When a law-
yer examines a case, the party for whom he ap-
pears tells him what is to be proved,and what
witnesses shall be called, so that he knows who
to ask and what to ask. But in this case the
committee l^d no such aid. We were entirely
in the dark. When we examined a person, and
he alluded to another in mutual connection, we
had to send for him to explain what the other had
alluded to. . Thus we were groping in the dark
in relation to the testimony; and were the com-
mittee to sit six months, they would still be
groping in the dark.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] has
said that there are witnesses in Minnesota who
were not examined. That gentleman said to the
committee, and perhaps truly, that if we should
take^heir testimony, we should elicit important
information. I do not know but what we should,
for I do not know who has any knowledge about
this matter. In examining them, we should grope
in the dark, as we have been all through on the
examination.
There is one witness in New York whom it
was thought necessary to examine. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms sent a deputy after him eight or
nine days ago. But he is sick, and cannot come.
In a letter from him he says he knows nothing
upon the subject which will criminate anybody in
reference to the matter before us. We have now
sent to him, by telegraph, certain interrogatories,
and the answer to them will be received by mail
to-morrow morning, we hope.
Mr. HIBBARD. I desire to ask a question.
Am I right in understanding that neither the mi-
nority or majority report impute improper motives
to any officer or member of this House?
Mr. BARRY. I understand it is so. Itiscer-
tainiy so in the majority report, and I think it is
in the other. I say that all further examination
will result as that which we have heretofore had.
We shall be groping: around in the dark to find
out something, perhaps to find nothing material,
and perhaps to find out nothing. For instance,
the testimony of Mr. Hunt was hearsay. On
examining one witness, he said, I was informed
by Mr. Hunt that such and such things are facts.
Now, we inquire of Mr. Hunt if that is so. All
the information we can get from him wili be as to
the truth of what has been asserted by another
witness. That is all. The gentleman in reference
to whom such statements were made came forward
and openly and frankly denied their truth.
Now, sir, I say, why protract this investigation
into another session, when we have no specific
charges before us against any individual upon
which we can act? It would be merely to beat
about to find intimations upon which we can ob-
tain evidence, in my own opinion, there is no
reasonable prospect that any further material can
be found upon which to act. We have had before
us the men who are most deeply concerned m the
matter, and who, if there has been any corrupt
proceedings in reference to the matter, know it,
and refuse to divulge it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interrupting.) I propose,
if the gentleman will allow me, that by common
consent we should first act upon the bills reported
by the ditferent branches of the committee, then
upon the resolutions reported by them, and lastly,
upon ordering thereports and testimony to be print-
