1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2099
show the perfect immateriality of the alteration,
as it seems to me the reports of the committee re-
move all blame or fraudulent intent from any
person connected with it. This is my under-
standing of their reports. The only other ques-
tion is, whether anybody has been injured by it?
I think not; for, in my opinion, it is perfectly im-
material whether the words in the bill were " con-
stituted and organized," or whether they were
" constituted or organized." They mean the same
thing, so far as I can understand.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I may state to the gentle-
man from Georgia, in regard to other influences,
that it is proved that after the bill was printed in
the Senate, and after the word " or" was discov-
ered to exist in it instead of the word "and,"
Mr. Billings, one of the corporators of this com-
pany, did go to a Senator and appeal to him to
have this alteration made; and that is the origin
of the suggestion, so far as the committee have it
in evidence. It came from one of the corporators
of this company to a Senator, who, doubtless not
supposing that there was anything improper m
it, applied to the Clerk of the Senate to know
whether the alteration could be made, and then
they came round to the Clerk of the House, and
the alteration was procured. The desire to have
the alteration is traced by the evidence to Mr. Bil-
lings, one of the corporators named in the char-
ter. He must have a purpose.
Mr. STEPHENS. I have already stated that
"I know nothingabout Mr. Billings or any of these
corporators. [ know nothing of the evidence on
that point—I understand the report—I spoke of
that. But the statementof thegentleman amounts
to this, that Mr. Billings requested a Senator to
have a change of verbiage made in—I suppose—a
parliamentary manner. This it seems it was
thought had been done in the committee in this
House, and the change was made before the bill
passed the Senate. But itdoes notconcern me how
the alteration was made, as it was not made for
the purpose of fraud, nor, in my opinion, contains
fraud in it. There is no man, I suppose, in the
House, who would not have given his consent to
the alteration, if his attention had been called to it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, if the gentleman from
Georgia will permit me, I will explain that the
alteration could not have been made in a parlia-
mentary way, for this reason: It was then about
the 28th of June; this charter would have become
void on the first of July, if the word "and "
had been substituted in a parliamentary way in
the Senate, the bill would have come back to this
House with an amendment. It would have gone
to the Speaker's table, and the firstof July would
have elapsed before it become a law.
Mr. STEPHENS. Again the gentleman is as-
suming all his facts. If the "and " had been sub-
stituted for the " or " in the Senate, I question if
there is a man in this House who would have failed
to havegiven assent immediately to the correction.
Because I defy any gentleman to look into it, and
say whether there is any difference between the
two words, in the connection in which they are
used, i make these remarks to show that—as I
think—there has been " great cry and no wool "
in this matter. So far as I am concerned, 1 have
no doubt in the world that the bill would have been
passed as readily with one word in it as with the
other.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I am very
much inclined to bslieve, with the gentleman from
Georgia, that the substitution of the word "and"
for the word " or" is quite as immaterial as he
supposes it to be. But whether it be material or
immaterial, it seems to me that it is impossible for
us to act on this subject any further than to order
the reports of facts made both by the majorityand
miniority of the committee to be printed. Now,
* that is the very thing that I think the House ought
to do. It is very uncertain as to what the effect
of the alteration is. It seems, from the opinions
of the majority and minority of the committee,
that the gentleman who originally reported the
bill, intended to have reported it with the word
"and" in the connection in question. He sup-
posed—or some of those having interest in it sup-
posed—that it would be a material alteration. The
gentleman who had the bill m charge believed the
word " and" to have been in the bill. And I sup-
pose there are not three members  on th£ floor of
the House who knew, at the time the bill was
passed, whether it contained the word " and," or
the word "or" in this connection. Nor do I
suppose that there are three gentlemen on the floor
who ca*ed whether it was one or the other word,
or to what company the benefits or advantages
of the grant should inure.
But if there is a material difference in the bill
by the substitution of the word "and" for the
word "or," I beg the House to remember that
by the passage of this act, and by the subsequent
or prior action of the Legislature of the Territory
of Minnesota, rights may have been derived under
that grant. Obligations may have been assumed,
money may have been paid, innocent parties may
have come in and been deceived by the passage
of this law. If«so,l hold it would not be right,
and it would not be in the power of this House,
to withdraw that grant. I do not know how these
things are, but it has been said here, upon the
floor of this House, by the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Barry,] and by others, that the origi-
nal corporators in that act tire not the parties now
interested in the grant which has been made by
Congress. Do you know, does this House know,
has the committee examined the fact, whether this
grant has passed into the hands of innocent pur-
chasers, or whether its benefits inure to the origi-
nal corporators, or to the parties who have been
implicated in procuring this fraud?
Sir, it is doubtful whether fraud could be implied
against any persons in reference to this matter,
when it is shown, upon the floor of this House,
that a member of this House, acting upon his
own belief as to the immateriality of this altera-
tion, and designing to carry out the object of the
committee, made this alteration innocently, and
when the reports of both committees exonerate all
parties of any intention of fraud. It seems to me
that if any correction is to be made in this bill, it
ought to be made according to the intention of the
committee which reported the bill, when the in-
tention of the House did not appear to be one
way or the other, except that ihe bill passed the
House in a condition not intended by those who
reported it to the House. I think, sir, in order
to perfect the examination of this question, the
passage of those bills—if they are to be passed at
all—ought to be postponed until they are deliber-
ately examined; and, therefore, I shall move, at
the proper time, to refer this matter to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I was going to in-
quire, in advance of that proposition, and in order
to dispose of this matter, that we may proceed to
the other pressing business before the House,
whether the motion pending is not that the reports
be printed,and that the committee be discharged?
Th^PEAKER. It is.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Then I insist upon
it, and call the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand that unani-
mous consent was given to take up first the bills
and resolution reported before that motion was
made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so under-
stand it. The Chair stated that the pending
question before the Houye was the proposition
made by the committee through their organ, the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge,]
to discharge the committee, and print the report
and evidence. Did the Chair understand the gen-
tleman from Kentucky as suggesting any other
question?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. No sir.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I do not pro-
pose to make any motion now; but when it shall
be in order to do so, I shall move to refer this
subject to the Committee of the Whole on th<
state of the Union, in order that it may be post-
poned until the next session, when it can be ge-
hberately examined.
ERROR IN FORTIFICATION BILL
Mr. HOUSTON. One of the members of this
House, upon the enrolling committee, has called
my attention to an error which has, by some
means, crept into the fortification bill. The amend-
ment which was adopted by the House, appro-
priating $20,000 to preserve the fortification sites,
&c., not mentioned in the bill, is, by the omis-
sion of the word "not," made to apply to the
fortifications included in the bill, and to which the
appropriation was not intended to refer. It now
reads: " For contingent expenses of fortifications
herein mentioned." It should have read: "For
contingent expenses of fortifications not herein
mentioned." The object was to preserve the
sites, and keep in repair such fortifications as we
had made no specific appropriations for in th#
bill.
TheSPEAKERpro tempore. Is it the unanimous
consent of the House that the bill shall be cor-
rectly enrolled ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I object.
[Cries of " Too late."] *
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair thinks
the objection comes too late, and will direct the
correction to be made.
ALTERATION OP THE RECORD AGAIN.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. While I think
the time of the Houseis exceedingly precious at
this period of the session, and as I trust that Con-
gress will not prolong its session beyond to-mor-
row morning, as I believe we can transact the
necessary business of the House by that time,
with proper diligence, I move the previous ques-
tion upon the proposition before the House.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to inquire of the
Chair if the motion of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Breckinridge] is divisible, so that
the question may first be taken upon the motion
to print, and then upon the motion to discharge
the committ«# from the further consideration of
the subject? I am willing that the reports and
testimony shall be printed, but I am not willing
that the committee shall be discharged without
further investigation.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion
of the Chair, if the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee prevails, and the matter is referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, the committee will not be discharged from
the consideration of the subject.
M* CULLOM. I did not understand the gen-
tleman from Tennessee as making that motion.
Mr. STANTON. I have not made any such
motion. I gave notice that when the bills reported
by the committee came up for consideration, if I
could get the opportunity, I should move to refer
them to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, but I have no wish to give the re-
ports that direction.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, r ask the Speaker,
that the House may correctly understand the
condition of the business before us, if the motion
pending is not that submitted by myself, that the
committee be,discharged from the further consid-
eration of the subject, and that the reports and
testimony be printed?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is the mo-
tion now pending.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. What will be the
effect of the previous question upon the motion ?
The SPEAKER. It will be to bring f&e House
to a direct vote upon the matter under considera-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine.^ Will the or-
dering of the previous question bring the House
to a vote upon the bills reported by the committee,
as well as upon the reports and testimony reported
therein ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The vote must be
first upon disposing of the reports and testimony.,
and the House will decide as to its action upon
the bills when they come up.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Certainly, the bills
will be brought before the House as soon as the
reports are disposed of.
1 The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put, being upon Mr.
Breckinridge's motion to discharge the com-
mittee, and to print the report and testimony.
Mr. CAMPBELL demanded the yeas and
nays, and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stuart, of
Michigan, and Westbrook. were appointed.
The°question was taken; and the yeas and nays
were ordered—forty members voting therefor.
Mr. SKELTON. If the committee be dis«
charged from the further consideration of the sub-
! ject, will the bill be brought before us for our
; action ?
i The SPEAKER pro tempdre. The present
| occupant of the Chair may not be presiding w!,en
I that question arises. The bill is not now before
! the House.
j Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. i would ask the
I Speaker whether, if the committee be discharge^
