2100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
from the further consideration of the subject, and
the reports be ordered to be printed, it is not in
the power of the House .to act on the bill which
proposed ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
stated several times that he may not be presiding
over the body when this question arises. His
opinion, however, is that the bill is not before the
House, and that it can only get in by unanimous
consent, or a suspension of the rules, because it is
not within the provisions of the resolution creating
and fixing the duties of the committee. The Chair
may be wrong, but that is his decision.
The question was then taken on Mr. Breckin-
ridge's motion; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 95, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Appleton, Ashe, Banks, Barksdale, Barry, Belcher, Bliss,
Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Brooks, Caruthers,
Chamberlain, Chastam, Chrisman, Churchwell, Clark,
Cobb, Curtis, John G. Davis, Disney, Dowdell, Dunbar,
Edgerton, Edmundson, John M. Elliott, English, Fenton,
Florence, Fuller, Gamble, Green, Greenwood, Andrew
J. Harlan, Wiley P. Harris, Hendricks-, Henn, Hibbard,
Hughes, Ingersoll, Johnson, George w. Jones, Kent,
Kid Well, Kutredge, Kurtz, Latham, Lindsley, Macdonald,
McDougall, McMuIlm, McNair, Macy, Maxwell, Mayall,
John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Nichols, Olds, Orr, Packer,
Phillips, Pratt, Richardson, Riddle, Robbins, Rowe, Rus-
sell, Sapp, Seward, Shannon, Shaw, Singleton, Gerrit
Small, William R. Smith, Frederick P. Sianton, Richard
H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Stratton, Strnub,
David Stuart, Thurston,Trout,Tweed, Upham, Vail, Van-
sarit, Walsh, Weils, Westbrook, and Hendrick B. Wright
—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Bennett, Benson, Camp-
bell, Carpenter, Caskie, Chngman, Cook, Corwin, Cox,
Craige, Crocker, Culloin, Dick, Eastman, Edniands,
Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, Farley, Faulkner, Flagler, Gid
dings, Goode, Goodrich,Grey,Grow, Aaron Harlan, Samp-
son W. Harris, Hill, Hunt, DanielT. Jones, Knox, Lamb,
Letchcr, Lilly, McCulloch, McQueen, Matteson, Maurice,
Millson, Moigan, Morrison, Murray, Andrew Oliver, Mor-
decai Oliver, Parker, Peck, Peckham, Pennington, John
Perkins, Powell, Preston, Prmgle, Puryear, Reese, David
Ritchie, Rogers, RutUn, Sabm, Sage, Simmons, SMllon,
William Smith, George W. Smyth, Andrew Stuart, John
J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel (J. Taylor, Wade,
Walley, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, Daniel B. Wright,
and Zolheofter—73.
So the motion was agreed to.
REPEAL OF THE MINNESOTA LAND BILL.
The SPEAKER, (who here resumed the chair.)
The Chair is of opinion that the bills reported
from the majority and minoiity of the committee
are before the House,and in this shape: Without
objection a bill was reported from the majority of
the committee, and without objection the minority
made a report, and moved a substitute for the
majority's bill. Under the operation of the pre-
vious question, the question will first be on read-
ing the bill reported from the majority of the com-
mittee a second time.
Mr. ORR. Does the previous question operate
on the bills which have been reported from the
committee?
The SPEAKER. The previous question hav-
ing been seconded, and the main question ordered
to be now put, the second reading of the bill re-
ported from the majority is under the operation of
the previous question.
Mr. BARRY. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the com-
mittee was discharged from the further considera-
tion of this subject, and by which the reports and
accompanying testimony were ordered to be
printed; and that that motion be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ORR. I agree entirely with the Chair that
the two bills are properly before the House, they
being portions of the majority and minority re-
ports; but I did not suppose that the previous
question operated on the bills. I rose for the
purpose of moving to strike out the second section
of the bill reported from the majority of the com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. The bill has not been read
a second time. By unanimous consent, both re-
ports were made, and each, among other things,
contained a proposition in the form of a bill. The
bills were read the first time, but neither of them
has been read a second time. The gentleman from
Ohio has moved his as a substitute for that re-
ported by the majority.
Mr. ORR. Then, when the bill is read a second
time, the previous question will be exhausted?
The SPEAKER, It will.
The bill was read a second time,
Mr. ORR. I understand that the substitute
moved by the gentleman from Ohio is now before
the House?
„ The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. ORR. It is in order to move an amend-
ment to the bill reported by the majority.
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. ORR. Then I move to strike out the
second section of that bill, so that the bill formerly
passed may be left in the condition in which it
passed this body, and so that if any fraud has
been perpetrated, those who have perpetrated it
will derive no advantage from it. I make the
motion, and I demand the previous question upon
it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. What will be the effect of
the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. The effect of it will be to
bring the House to a vote, first upon the amend-
ment to the original bill as proposed by the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] and then
upon the substitute of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell.]
Mr. CRAIGE. I ask the gentleman from
South Carolina to withdraw the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. ORR. I will withdraw the demand, if the
gentleman from North Carolina promises to re-
new it.
Mr. CRAIGE. The only object I have in
asking the gentleman from South Carolina to
withdraw thedemand for the previous question is,
that 1 may be allowed to make an inquiry. I de-
sire to ask the Chair if the amendment of the
gentleman is adopted, whether it will be in order
to offer another amendment, or whether the pre-
vious question would still apply, because I desire to
offer an amendment to strike out the bill reported
by the gentleman from K^ptucky, [Mr. Breckin-
ridge,]and to insert in lieu thereof the bill originally
drawn by my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Letch-
er,] to repeal the Minnesota land bill.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I desire to
make a suggestion. It is apparent, from the va-
rious amendments proposed from different sides of
the House, that there is considerable contest about
this matter. We are now within twenty-four hours
of the close of the session, and it seems impossible
to investigate this matter properly, and it ought,
therefore,to go over until the nextsession. I desire
to make a motion to refer the whole subject to the
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
North Carolina give way for such a motion ?
Mr. CRAIGE. I do not yield the floor for that
purpose. The object I had in view was, drat this
matter might be placed in such a shape tnat the
House could vindicate its own character and its
own legislation. It must be perfectly apparent to
the House, that both committees were agreed that
a wrong had been perpetrated. In the language
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] a
great fraud has been committed. Who committed
that fraud, the committees have not apprised us ?
In order that we may vindicate our own honor,
and place this matter where it was before the falsi-
fication of the record took place, I desire to have
a direct vote upon the question of repealing this
bill, thus indirectly casting censure upon those who
did really perpetrate the fraud. In accordance with
my promise to the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, 1 renew the demand for the previous question.
But before I take my seat, I move to strike out the
substitute offered by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell,] and insert in lieu thereof, the bill
originally reported by my friend from Virginia,
[Mr. Letcher,] which is as follows:
"That the bill entitled an act to aid the territory of Mm-
nesq£, m the construction of a railroad therein, which
pa«! this House on the 90th day of June, 18.">4, and ap-
proved by the President of the United States, the 29th day
of June, 1854, be, and the same is hereby, repealed."
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put, being first upon
striking out the second sectionof the original bill,
as follows:
11 Jlnd he it further mactrd* That, in no event, by virtue
of any act heretofore passed by the said Territorial Legisla-
ture, shall the governor, auditor, or treasurer of such Terri-
tory, have power to designate the oompiny or companies to
whose benefit the grant shall inure."
The question was taken; and on a division,
there were-«-ayes 43; noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment to
the substitute, as offered by the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Craige.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On that I
ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. PECK. I demand tellers on the yeas and
navs.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clingman
and Peck were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes forty-nine, (more than one fifth of the mem-
bers present.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 59; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Aslie, David J. Bailey, Ranks,
Barksdale, Bennett, Benson, Bocock, Boyce, Bridges,
Brooks, Bugg, Carpenter, Caskie, Chastam, Chrisman,
Cobb, Cox, Craige, Cullom, Curtis, Dawson, Dick. Dow-
dell, Edinands, Edmundson, John M. Elliott, Ellison,
English, Farley, Faulkner, Fenton, Flagler, Florence,
Fuller, Gamble, Goode, Goodrich, Grey, Grow, Aaron
Harlan, Sampson W. Harris Wiley P. Harris, Jlarri-rm,
Haven, Hibbard, Hill, Howe, Hunt, Ingersoli, George W.
Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Kidwell, Kittredge, Knox, Kurtz,
Lamb, Letcher, Lilly, Lindslcy, McNair, McQueen,
Matteson, Mauuce, Millson, Morgan, Morrison, Murray,
Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Packer, Parker, Peck,
Peckham, John Perkins, Phillips, Powell, Preston, Pur-
year, Ready, David Ritchie, Rogers, Ruffin, Sage, Shan-
non, Shaw, Skelton, William Smith, William R. Smith,
Geor?e W. Smyth, Straub, John J. Taylor, John L.
Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Trout, Vail, Vansant, Wade,
Walsh, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, Hendrick B. Wright,
and Zollicoffer—105.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Apple-
ton, Barry, Bell, Bliss, Breckinridge, Campbell, Caruthers,
Churchwell, Clark, Clingrnan, Cook, Corwin, Crocker,
Cummmg, John G. Davis, Disney, Dunbar, Eastman,
Edgerton, Gitldnigs, Greenwood, Andrew J. Harlan, Hen-
ducks, Henn, Hughes, Johnson, Roland Jones, McCul-
loch, Macdonald, McMuilin, Macy, John G. Miller, Smith
Milter, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Pennington, Phelps,
Pratt, Reese, Richardson, Riddle, Rowe, Russell, Sabin,
Sapp, Seward. Simmons., Singleton, Gerrit Smith. Alex-
ander H. Stephens, David Stuart, Thurston, Upham,
Walley, Elliliu B. Washburne, and Wells—59.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAIGE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was agreed to, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the substi-
tute, as amended; and it was agreed to.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
read a third time.
Mr. CRAIGE. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
The bill, as amended, was then passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
The title was then read, as follows:
An act declaring the true intent and meaning of
an act approved the 2d of June, 1854, entitled
" An act to aid the Territory of Minnesota in the
construction of a railroad therein.''
Mr. CRAIGE. I move to amend the title so
as to make it read:
An act to repeal an act entitled " An act to aid
the Territory of Minnesota in the construction of
a railroad therein," approved the 2d of June,
1854.
The motion was agreed to.
SUSPENSION OF JOINT RULES.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to suspend the 16th
and 17th joint rules, so that this bill may be sent
to the Senate and apnroved by the President. .
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. HOUSTON. If I am not mistaken, a
resolution has been sent to us from the Senate
proposing to suspend those rules for the remainder
of the session. I ask the Chair if there is not
such a resolution upon the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. There "is such a resolution
from the Senate.
Mr. LETCHER.. I ask that it may be read.
It wa^read, as follows:
Resolved, That the 16th and 17th joint rules be suspend-
ed, so far as relates t  bills which have been or may be
pas&ed during the present session.
