532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
I ask for the yeas and nays upon the question of'
the final oassage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BELL addressed the Senate at somelength
on the general subject connected with this bill.
The debate was continued by Messrs. Dawson,
Norris, Wade, Pettit, Toucey, Fessenden,
Wellf.r, Douglas, and Houston.
Mr. HOUSTON concluded at ten minutes to
five o'clock, a. m.
[This debate will be found in the Appendix.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Dodge,
of Iowa, in the chair.) The question is on the
passage of the bill, and on that question the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. DOUGI.<AS. I have been requested to
make a statement to the Senate, which, perhaps,
should be made now. The Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Bright,] as is well known, has been very
sick and confined to his lodgings for some weeks.
He came here to-day and remained some hours,
with the desire to vote upon this bill. He was,
however, unable to remain longer, and was taken
back to his house, with the intention to return if
possible when the vote was taken; but he was
compelled to take to his bed seriously ill. He
sent a request to me that I would state these cir-
cumstances to the Senate, and add, that if he could
have been here, he would have voted for the bill.
Mr. CASS. That will not go on the Journal.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, but it will go into the
report of the proceedings I have farther to state,
that the Senator from Florida, [Mr. Mallory,]
also, was anxious to vote for the bill, but he had
to leave the city on account of sickness in his
family.
Mr. JAMES. My colleague, [Mr. Allen,] as
is known to most of the Senators, has been called
home on account of the sickness of his son. Be-
fore leaving, he requested me to state to the Sen-
ate, in case the vote should be token while he was
away, that under the circumstances of the case
he should fee! compelled to vote against the bill.
Mr. DAWSON. I desire to state that my col-
league [Mr. Toombs] is unable, from indisposition,
to be here. If he had been here, he would have
voted for the bill.
The question was taken by yeas and nays, and
resulted—yeas 37, nays 14.
YEAs?—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Ben-
jamin, Brodhcad, Blown, Butler, C<u-s, Claj, Dawson,
Dixon, Dnduo ot Iowa, Douglas, Kvan«, Fitzpatrick,
Geyer, Gwm, Hunter, Johnson, Jones ol Iowa, Jones of
Tennessee, Ma^on, Morton, Noma, Point, i'latt, Rusk,
ftebasuan. Shields, Seidell, Stuart, Thompson of Ken-
tucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Toue.ey, Weller, and
Williams—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Chase, Dodse of Wisconsin, Fes-
peruhm, 1'Vh, Fool, Hamlin, Houston, Janice, riewaid,
Smith, Sumner, Wade, and Walker—14.
So the bill was passed.
On the motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, its title was
amended, so as to read: " A bill to organize the
Territories of Nebraska and Kansas."
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. BADGER. I think that the Senate, after
this protracted sitting, is entitled to a rest of three
days. I therefore move that when the Senate
adjourn, it be to meet on Tuesday next.
Several Senators. Agreed.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate, then, at five minutes to five o'clock
on Saturday morning, after a continuous session
of seventeen hours, adjourned to Tuesday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 3, 18,54.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the President of the United States,
transmitting, in compliance with the resolution of
the House of the 22d December, a plan, by the
Attorney General, for the modification and en-
largement of the judicial system of the United
States, in accordance with the recommendations
in his late annual message; which was read, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and or-
dered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the President, in
reply to a resolution of the House, of the 13th
ultimo, asking information in respect to the nego-
tiations with the Government of Peru, with ref-
erence to the exportation of guano, transmitting a
communication from the Secretary of State, with
the correspondence referred to; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
OLD SOLDIERS.
Mr. CHANDLER. X ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present a communication
from the Governor of Pennsylvania, containing
resolutions relative to the old soldiers, with a
view of having it referred.
There was no objection, and the letter and reso-
lutions were read by the Clerk, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
The resolutions adopted by the Legislature of
.the State of Pennsylvania provide:
First, that the Senators from that State be in-
structed, and their Representatives requested, to
use their influence and vote for the passage of an
act granting to each soldier one hundred and sixty
acres of public lands, in accordance with the re-
quest as published at the convention of soldiers
lately held in the city of Philadelphia.
Second, that, in their opinion, the Government
of the United States should extend to the soldiers,
and widows of soldiers, that remain of those who
served in the last war with Great Britain, the ben-
efits of the pension system that was created for,
and enjoyed by, the soldiers and widows of the
Revolution.
Third, that the Governor be requested to for-
ward a copy of the foregoing resolutions to each
of our Senators and members of Congress, and to
each of the Governors of the several States.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
upon the sppcml order.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I desire to
know what became of the communication from
the President of the United States with reference
to modifications of our judicial system?
The SPEAKER. It was referred to the Com-
mitteeon the Judiciary,and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. DEAN. Before the question is put.upon
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Edgerton,JI desire to ask if this is not objection
Friday ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. DEAN. Now, 'I want to know if any
bills have been added to the Private Calendar since
it was gone through witii on last Friday?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
all the bills now upon the Private Calendar were
objected to on the last objection day. This is ob-
jection day, and the Chair merely states the fact
as a matter of information.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask that the motion to
go into a Committee of the Whole House may be
withdrawn for a moment, to allow me to present
a communication from the Governor of Pennsyl-
vania, transmitting certain resolutions from that
State in regard to an extension of the bounty land
system.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That conimunica-
| tion has just been presented by the gentleman's
! colleague, [Mr. Chandler,] and read at the Clerk's
' desk.
| Mr. FLORENCE. It has not been presented
by me. I ask the consent of the I louse to present
it, have it referred to the Committee on Military
i Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
I Mr. JONES. There is surely no necessity of
! having it printed twice.
; Mr. FLORENCE. Well, sir, I have special
j| charge of this subject, and I hope the gentleman
will indulge me in my request. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES. The communication hasalready
been presented, read, and ordered to be printed.
I object to its being printed again.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
communication cannot be disposed of as indicated.
Mr. ORR, by unanimous consent, presented a
I memorial from Lieutenant Maury, in behalf of the
Memphis convention, in favor of the free naviga-
tion of the Amazon river; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. EDGERTON. At the request of gentle-
men around me, I withdraw my motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole House.
The question recurring upon the motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee,of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Old^ in the chair.)
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee last
rose, they had under consideration special order of
the House, being House bill (No. 37) " to encour-
age agriculture, commerce, manufactures, and all
other branches of industry, by granting to every
man who is the head of a family, and a citizen of
the United States, a homestead of one hundred and
sixty acres of land out of the public domain, upon
condition of occupancy and cultivation of the same
for the period herein specified."
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Peckiiam]
offered an amendment, to insert in the fourth line
of the first section, after the words " United
States/' the words " not being the owner of
lands." The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bis-
sell] proposed to amend the amendment by in-
serting before the word " lands " the words " one
hundred and sixty acres;" and the question pend-
ing i-5 upon the latter amendment.
The question was put; and the amendment to
the amendment was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs upon
the amendment of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment, by inserting at the end thereof the words
" and who shall have received, or who may here-
after receive, bounty lands under any act of Con-
gress. "
The committee will perceive that T have only
moved thtu amendment for the purpose of reply-
ing, in order, to the remarks of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] and with a view of re-
sponding to the inquiry which has been addressed
to me by him. As I was not then in my seat, I
had no opportunity to reply to it.
The gentleman asked me what became of my
constitutional objections when I voted for the
bounty land bill of 1850? Why, sir, if the gen-
tleman imputes that vote to me as a fault, I can
only say that the gentleman fromTennessee him-
, self was one of a very large number who voted to
i suspend the rules for the purpose of introducing
! that very bill; the gentleman from Tennessee him-
I self was one of a very large number who voted to
1 suspend the rules for the purpose of making the
bounty land bill a special order, and I was one of
a very small number who voted against suspend-
ing the rules for that purpose; and the gentleman
from Tennessee and myself had the pleasure to
unite in the vote that was afterwards given in favor
of the passage of that bill. Why then, all I have
to say, is, that if my friend from Tennessee—and
I am very happy to hail him as my particular
friend—censures the vote which I then gave, I
think I can shelter myself under the authority of
so able a constitutional lawyer as he is. I take
particular pleasure in defending the vote which I
then gave, because m defending myself I defend
him, and I should be exceedingly sorry if his rep-
utation should suffer any disparagement here from
his own attack upon himself. Regarding him, as
I do, as a most experienced, able, and valuable
member of this House, I should regret almost as
much as he could do, anything that would throw
any imputation upon the character he has so well
earned.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It certainly was
not my intention, in the reference which I made
to the vote on the bounty land bill of 1850, to ar-
raign the gentleman from Virginia, who, I am
most happy to say, I esteem as one of my most
particular personal and political friends. But, sir,
it was to elicit from that gentleman, who has clear
and correct conceptions, I think, of the Constitu-
tion, what is the difference, upon the constitutional
question, between voting for this homestead bill
arid voting: for the bounty land bill of 1850? The
object of that bill was to give lands to soldiers who
had served in the war of 3812, and the Indian
wars since 1790; this bill was not originated, nor
has it been advocated.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from Tennessee ad-
heres to the rules very closely generally; but I
think he is departing from them now, and I call
him to order.
