1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
533
Mr. JONES. If the gentleman will wait a
little he wiil find that I am not out of order*now.
The CFi Ai RMA.N. Although the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Millson] offered an amend-
ment for the purposeof making a speech in order,
the remarks which he made were really not in or-
der, and the remarks which the gentleman from
Tennessee is now making are not in order^
Mr. JONES. I am speaking on the constitu-
tionality of the gentleman's amendment, and the
bill to which it is offered.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has aright
to speak on the constitutionality of the amend-
ment. That is in order.
Mr. MILLSON. And that is precisely what
I was doin^.
Mr. JONES. The bounty land bill of 1850
was as much a gratuity as this is. The Govern-
ment had settled with every soldier provided for
by that bill, and had paid him to the last cent that
it owed him, and it was purely and solely a gia-
tuity; and this is fixed on a consideration of set-
tlement and cultivation; and, sir, 1 cannot for my
life see the difference between the two as to consti-
tutionality. My friend did not touch that ques-
tion.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York, obtained the
floor.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment to the amendment. When it has
been voted on amendments will then be in order.
Mr. Ml LLSON. With the unanimous consent
of the committee I shall withdraw my amend-
ment.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Perkins, of New York, submitted yester-
day, and it was disagreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no further
amendment to the first section the Clerk wiil read
the second one
Mr. PHILLIPS. Will it be in order to move
to strike out the first section ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will entertain
that motion, although the Clerk was about to read
the second section, the committee having proceeded
from the first.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suggest that it
is not in order to move to strike out the first sec-
tion. To strike out the first section would be to
reject the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the striking out of the enacting clause would
be equivalent to a rejection of a bill. To move to
strike out the first section after the enacting clause
to the bill is in order.
Mr. JONES. That, I hold, would be a rejec-
tion of the bill. The remaining sections regulate
only the details of the manner in which the first
section is to be carried into effect. That would be
a rejection of the bill, and the committee has not
the right to do so.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not un-
derstand that to strike out the first section of the
bill, after the enacting clause, is equivalent to a
rejection of the bill. The motion of the gentle-
man from Alabama is in order.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move to strike out the first
section, Mr. Chairman, because I am opposed to
the principle on which the bill is founded; and in
the beginning I state that I fully admit the consti-
tutional power of Government over these lands as
property. I know of no wider and larger term
than the word *' disposewhich is used in the Con-
stitution;and that word, " dispose," equally applies
to the donation of lands as to their sale. I ad-
mit, therefore, the full constitutional power of the
Government over the disposition of the public
land as the property of the country.
x\t the same time, sir, I am opposed to the
principle of the bill. I am opposed to it because
it works a complete revolution in the legislation.
of this country heretofore had on the suhject of
our public lawd. I am opposed to it because it
destroys all the past action of this Government m
regard to those lands. It destroys, in a great
measure, the value of thegrants of thepublic land
to the States. It depreciates to a great degree the
value of those very bounties of land which have
been given for military services rendered to the
country, millions of acres of which are yetunlo-
cated. H goes further, and depreciates the value
of those very lands which you have sold to actual
purchasers, and who have paid their money into
your coffers. It does all this. It reverses your
legislation on the subject of the public lands.
I am opposed to it, sir, on another principle.
It is said that this bill is to give homes to the
homeless and land to the landless. I deny that
that is any part or parcel of the powers that have
been intrusted to the Federal Government. We
have no right to constitute ourselves the great
almoners of this country, and to give homes to
the homeless and lands to the landless. That is
no part of our system, that is no part of our duty.
Sir, it is said,on the other hand, that this is not
the object of the bill, but that the object is to
settle up your western country. I admit, Mr.
Chairman, that it is our duty to afford facilities to
those who choose to settle up that country. But
I deny that it is any part of the power or policy
of this Government to give bounties or afford
stimulants to the settlement of thatcountry. What
is the great evil under which many of these States
aie now laboiing? The great evil exists in the
unsettled and migratory character of our popula-
tion.
What are we doing at the present moment in
many of our States, especially in the southwestern
States? We are making railroads; we are insti-
tuting systems of internal improvement, so as to
hold out inducements to our people to remain at
home. The great evil that now exists is this, that
it is easier to purchase new lands than to manure
and protect old lands. Thatisthe evil under which
we are now suffering. At their present prices the
cheapness of the public lands has already made it
a part of the history of the country, and of the
practice of the country, that it is cheaper to pur-
chase new lands, and to give up worn out lands,
than it is to remain at home and manure and pro-
tect them.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am opposed, Mr. Chair-
man, to the amendment of the gentleman from
Alabama, and to all other amendments, and I hope
it will not be adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is on
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Alabama.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report the
second section of the bill.
The second section of the bill was accordingly
read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The first proviso of the
second section is as follows:
" Provided, however, That no certificate shall be given,
or patent i.-?ued therefor, until Hie expiration of five vears
from the date of such entry; and it, al the expiration of
such time, the person making such entry, ot, if he lie dead,
Ins widow, oi, m ca<e of her death, Ins heirs or devjt.ee.
or, in casc'of a widow making such eutiy, her heirs or de-
visee, in of lier death, shall prove by Iwo credible
witnesses that he, she, or they, have continued to reside
upon and cultivate said land, and still reside upon the same,
and have not alienated the ?ame, or any part thereof; then,
in &uch ca«e, he, she, ot they shall be entitled to a patent,
as in other cases provided for by law."
I propose to amend the same by adding the fol-
lowing further proviso:
Provided,further, That at any time after the expiration
of one year liom the date of such entry the person who
would be entitled lo a patent if said term of five years were
thou expired, may pav the United States the sum of twenty-
five cents per acre, and theieupon shall be entitled to a pat-
ent for taid hind.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from Indiana, before he presses his amend-
ment, to allow me to offer an amendment which
should properly precede his.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I yield foi that purpose.
Mr. JONES. My amendment, is designed to
make this section conform to the first section of
the bill, as amended by the House. It is to insert,
after the word " family," in the fifth line, the words
" or over the age of twenty-one years," so that it
shall read:
" That the person applying for the benefit of this act shall,
upon application to the legister ot the land office in winch
lie or she is about to make su>-h entry, make affidavit be-
fore the said register that he or^he is the head of a family,
or over the aae of twenty-one years ; and upon making the
affidavit as above required, and filing the affidavit wmi the
regiMer, be or she >hail thereupon be pcimttted to enter the
quantity of laud already specified.'5
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I row ask that my ■
amendment may be read again.
The amendment was accordingly-read,asabove
m se r ted
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am in favor of giving
lands upon easy teums to actual settlers. But £
do not think the plan proposed in the bill is the
best that could be adopted.' It is not the most
favorable to the settler, or to the Government.
Under the provisions of the bill, the settler must
make his location, and continue to reside upon and
cultivate the land for five years, without a title;
the title, in the mean time, remaining in the Gov-
ernment. During these five years he is but the
tenant of the Government. Without being the
owner, he is required to spend his labor and
money in the improvement of the land. And it
matters not what changes m his fortune and cir-
cumstances may make him dissatisfied with his
location, or render it impossible for him to con-
tinue it for the five yeais, if he abandons his loca-
tion he loses all; the land, with the improvements,
returns to the Government. During this term of
five years he has no estate in the lands, or in the
fields he may have cleared, or the houses he may
have built, which he can sell to another. He can-
not labor with the same confidence and earnest-
ness that he would if he had the patent in his
pocket.
I cannot present the objections to any system
that would make the people tenants of the land
under the Government with the power and ele-
gance displayed by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Dawson,] in his very able speech in
favor of this bill. I will support the bill, but I feel
that the objections to which i have referred are
weighty, and to obviate them, as far as possible,
I offer the amendment. This amendment is based
upon the principle that the lands should be given
by the Government to the people, m limited quan-
tities, for homes, at the cost price, and that the
title should be secured at once. In his report of
1850, and also in his report made during the
present session of Congress, the Commissioner of
the General Land Office shows, that the lands in
the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan,
Iowa, Wisconsin,Missouri, Arkansas,Louisiana,
Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, Tennessee, and the
Territory of Minnesota, cost the Government, in-
cluding the costof selling and managing, not quite
twenty-two cents per acre. In his report of 1850,
the Commissioner says:
" The average eo?t to the Government of acquiring title to
the public lauds, including the extinguishment of the Indian
title, is cents 14 41,per acre.
Cost ot survey    2 07 "
Cost of selling and managing 5.112 f<
Total average cost 2!.80 {<
While for each acre sold the Government gets $1 25, or a
net profit, over and above every cost and expense, .$1 031-5
per acie."
Sir, the land does not cost the Government
twenty five cents per acre, but I propose that the
settler pay at that rate. The quarter section will
cost him forty dollars. The amendment requires
that he shall establish that he is a settler in good
faith, by a residence of one year upon the land,
lie may then pay the forty dollars, and receive his
patent at once. He is no longer a tenant of the
Government, but a freeholder. He is then secure
in the money and labor expended, and will work
with a good wiii.
In most cases, sir, the settler will prefer paying
this small sum, and taking his title at once. The
Government will be reimbursed. No wrong will
be done to any section of the tinion.
With this amendment, this hill, in my judg-
ment, will be one of the great and beneficent meas-
ures of this day. Under its provisions the men
of the country who wish to secure homes may
make their location, maintain it for one year, pay
to the Government forty dollars, and become
freeholders; and those who cannot pay that
amount may continue their residence upon and
cultivation of the land for the five years,and then
receive their title. Then all may have homes.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not intend to answer all
the objections, or to consume time in discussing
all the amendments that may beoftered to this bill.
I would merely suggest that this amendment, if
adopted, will practically result in the graduation
of the public lands. It will defeat, in a great
measure, the main object of the bill, which is the
settlement and cultivation of the public domain.
It will, in fact, open up a new field for specula-
