534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
tion, destroy settlements by holding out induce-
ments to the settler to dispose of his title, which
he can do by paying one quarter of a dollar per
acre at the land office. A new settlement would
then follow, thus delaying valuable and permanent
improvements, the result of which will be prac-
tically to defeat the great obiect which this bill has
in view.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hen-
prick's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr.MATTESON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Insert after the word u affidavit" in the fourth line of the
second section the words u and procure the affidavit ot two
disinterested freeholders to be made."
By this bill, all that any white man—or woman,
perhaps, I ought to say—has to do to get one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land is simply to make his
affidavit. That is not enough, in my opinion, and
is altogether too cheap. It is not such a form as
I think ought to be prescribed m case a man de-
sires to secure a farm. We all know the facility
with which men often make affidavits for a much
smaller consideration than thatofobtaininga farm.
We all know, under the laws of all the States,
the formality required in recording and transmit-
ting title to real estate. 1 insist, that if one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land are worth having at
all, that something more than the simple affidavit
of any one man who desires such a farm should
be required. Gentlemen who have had any expe-
rience in the courts know very well the facility
with which affidavits are sometimes made. It is
no hardship, it strikes me, if any one desires to
avail himself of the benefits of this act, that in ad-
dition to making his own affidavit he should pro-
cure the affidavitoftwo freeholders, his neighbors,
that he is the person described m his own affida-
vit. I think this requirement would prove no
hardship at all, but it would be a guard thrown
around this bill, and highly necessary to protect
the interests of the Government.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I propose to answer
the objection just made by the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Mattesov,] to the provision in
the bill now under consideration. It seems to me
that the gentleman has entiiely misapprehended
the express terms of this bill, lie starts out with
the objection, that it is quite too cheap to get a
quarter section by filing an affidavit.
1 grant that these lands may be too cheap, but
sir, the person proposing to enter them does not
get his quarter section upon these terms; on the
contrary, before he can obtain his title to the land
from the Government, the section already requires
that he shall do precisely what the gentleman
proposes. It renders it tautological, at any rate,
and therefore objectionable, to insert this amend-
ment. And not only this, but it is utterly useless,
from the fact that the section already provides for
the self-same thing. In the latter part of this sec-
tion is the following clause:
"And if, at the expiration of such time, the person
making such enuy, or, it he be doad, his widow, or, in ea«e
of iter death, hi* heirs or devi-ee, or, in case of a widow
making Biich entry, her heirs or devisee, in case oi her
death, shall prove by two credible witness that tic, (-he,
or they, have confirmed to ie>ide upon nml cultivate said
land, and still reside upon the same, and have not alienated
the same, or any pait thereof; in Mich c.iv, In*, >ln>,
or the\\ shall he entitled to a patent, as in other eases pro-
vided for by law."
Now, if I do not entirely misapprehend the lan-
guage of this clause of the bill, theie is therein
contained a provision precisely the same as that
contemplated by the amendment proposed. That
is the meaning of the section, it seems to me, if it
means anything. I desire, however, to be cor-
rected if I have misapprehended it.
Mr. BISSELL. It strikes me that the affidavit
provided for in the second section should be made
to conform with that already inserted in the first.
If I recollect rightly, we have adopted such an
amendment to the first section, and, if so, the
second should be made to correspond.
The CHAIRMAN. No further discussion is
in order. Does the gentleman from Illinois pro-
pose an amendment.
Mr. BISSELL. No, sir; upon further consid-
eration I will not propose any amendment.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Mat-
teson's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I now propose an
amendment to this section of the bill. I do it in
order to make it as perfect as possible. I move to
insert after the word "lands," in the sixteenth
hne, the following words: "and have made last-
ing and valuable improvements thereon, and have
not committed waste upon the adjoining lands."
This provision should be also embraced m the
affidavit and subject to proof, and I have offered
it for this reason. One of the prominent features
of this bill which recommends it to the majority
of this House and the country, is found, I be-
lieve, in the last section, which proposes to make
these donations in alternate quarter sections. 1
have resided in the West for twenty-one years; I
have seen a new country settled, and I know very
well the benefit which this bill will secure to the
poor laboring population of the country. The na-
tion cannot better dispose of her public domain
than, by the provisions of this bill, to secure its
settlement by an industrious yeomanry.
I5ut? sir, while such are the beneficial results of
this bill, there are objections to it m its present
form. It needs this additional guard. Living as
long as 1 have done in the W est, and having seen
a new country settled, I have also seen the dispo-
sition, on the part of a large portion of those who
go upon the Irontier, to squat themselves down,
and simply to subsist, from day to day, and fiom
year to year, and perhaps for the length of time
contemplated m this bil1, by plundering upon the
adjoining lands, more especially in those portions
of the country where timber is scarce, and hence
valuable. It is indispensably necessary to guard
this bill by an amendment, such as I have offered,
in order to obviate that radical objection to it.
Mr. DAWSON. The laws of the country give
ample protection against such trespasses, and it is
unnecessary to incorporate them into this bill.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I have been a resi-
dent in the West 
[Cries of" Older."]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
1 diana having addres&ed the committee once and
j resigned the floor cannot speak again upon his
' amendment.
i The question was then taken on Mr. Chamber-
! lain's amendment, and it was rejected,
j Mr. LINDLEY. I offer the following amend-
; merit:
j Add at the end of the second section thtspioviso:
Jind provided fin titer, That any person, bring a citizen
I of the United iSiates, and the head of a family, who shall
I tie ihe ownci of a ti<u t of less than one bundled and sixty
ncres of land m any district of public lands shall be en-
i titled to enter, free of cost, so inueh of the public lands ad-
joining, or as near thereto as may be, as will, when added
, to the-atne, amount to one hundred and sixty acres; and
nt the expuation ot five years from the date of said entry,
if the person making the saint*, his widow, heirs, or de-
visees, as the ea>e may be, sh.iU prove that he, she, or they
I liave continued to reside upon and cultivate said tract of
i land so previou^y owned, ot so entered, or any part there-
j of, then, in sneh ease, he, she, or they Mi.tll be entitled to a
! patent, a&m other eases piovided for by law.
i I desire to make a few remarks m explanation
' of that amendment.
I Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I rise to a question
j of order, lias not that same proposition already
i been voted down ?
I The CHAIRMAN. Not in the same words;
l it was a different proposition.
I Mr. DAVIS. It was the same horse, only of
; ad liferent color.
i Mr LINDLEY. The gentleman is mistaken;
! there has been nothing of this kind offered as an \
, amendment, nor anything like it. The object of j
I my amendment is to extend the benefits of this bill !
j to a huge and meritorious class of the citizens of:
! the West, without, at the same time, requiring '
them to sacrifice more than would counterbalance !
the benefits proposed to be conferred by the bill. I
! There are a great many people m the western '
1 country who removed there at an early day, and !
: have succeeded, by hard labor and toil, in securing I
i the title to forty or eighty acres, and the cultivation !
1 of that land, the fencing, breaking, and putting j
| upon it the improvements usual xn the western ,
| country, will amount to moiethan the value of the ;
' land.
: The object of this amendment is to enable those 1
persons to enter, under the provisions of this bill, i
1 as much land adjoining their own, or as near I
j thereto as may be, as will make them equal with i
I the settler from the old States who may locate im- 1
■ mediately beside them. When an individual has i
j fortyacres,forinstance,whichhehasraisedmoney I
j to enter, and has placed improvements upon it, I I
j desire that he may be permitted to enter, fteeof ;
I cost, other three forties adjoining, or as near as i
may be, without being compelled to sell or remove
fiom his improvements.
The cost of his improvements is more than the
value of the land; and the improvements of which
I speak are generally so small that persons coming
to the West at this time to purchase improved
farms will not buy them; consequently the owner
of that land has no market, and cannot sell the
little forty acres in order to take advantage of the
provisions of this bill; and if you require him to
remove from his forty acres to £0 on the public
land, it would be to demand of him a great sacri-
fice. He cannot sell or remove from it without
sacrificing more than is proposed to be given him
by the provisions of the bill.
The bill requires that the person shall reside on
the one hundred and sixty acres which he enters
under its provisions. My amendment proposes
that he may reside on the tract of land which he
has previously entered, and enter, free of cost, as
much more as will amount in all to one hundred
and sixty acres. It is nothing but fair and right
to those men who emigrated to the West years ago,
when the country was very wild, and endured all
the privations of poverty, and the hardships of
frontier life, to place them thus within the provis-
ions of the bill. Being actual settlers, they should
not be deprived of the right which you propose to
extend to individuals who have never been in the
West, and who are now living in the East, or
may come from a foreign land.
Adopt this amendment, and you will then carry
out fully the object of the bill, and do justice to
the actual settler.
M-r. CLINGMAN. I think the gentleman's
amendment makes the bill more objectionable to
me, and therefore I am opposed to it.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was disagreed to.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Is it in order to offer an
additional section to the bill at this time?
The CHAIRMAN". That is only in order
when all the sections of the bill have been gone
through with.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I have been confined to
my room for several days past. I have only been
able to get here to-day, and would like to have
the indulgence of the committee to offer my
amendment to the bill as soon as may be.
[Cries of " Offer it now !"]
The unanimous consent of the committee was
given to the submission of the amendment.
Mr. HENN. Has the second section been dis-
posed of?
The CHAIRMAN. It has not. Indulgence
has been extended to the gentleman from Tennes-
see, in consequence of his indisposition, to offer his
amendment at this time.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I move the following as
an additional section to the bill:
Pec —. And l-* U further enacted, That the provisions of
tins act shall nevei bo held or doomed to"apply to anv per-
son or persons, except native-born citizens of ihe United
State-, and Mich oilier persons as are now natuiahzed, and
to sueh other pei>on ni peison= a , at the time of the pas-
sage of tins act, shall have tiled their deelaiation of inten-
tion to become naturalized citizens aceoidin? to existing
laws regulating the mode and manner of naturalizing for-
eigners, and to no other person or persons whomsoever.
Mr. Chairman, the committee will doubtless
indulge me but one moment, while I explain the
object of my amendment. I am willing to provide
for the natural-born American citizens; 1 am will-
ing to provide for those who have come here, and
show their devotion to our country and its institu-
tions by becoming naturalized; but I am unwilling
to offer that which may be construed into a bribe to
invite from all parts of the world every variety
of population, and that, too, by offering them a
bounty which lias never been offered to you or
me, or those who have preceded us. We must
stop somewhere.
It is well known that in Europe a man having
a hundred and sixty acres of land is regarded as
a large proprietor; and if the news goes forth to
Europe, and to Asia, and toall parts of the world,
that m this country we give a hundred and sixty
acres of the public domain to American citizens,
to naturalized foreigners, and to those who may
come here and become naturalized, they will in-
stantly bridge the Atlantic and the Pacific, and in
ten years yuur public domain will be swallowed
up. Swallowed up, sir, and by whom ? By those
who, i fear, may some day change our laws, our
institutions, and even, perhaps, our religion.
