THJB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
this moment see upon what principle he can over-
rule that practice.
Mr. CLJNGMAN. Mr. Speaker, can two
motions to suspend the rules be entertained at
once?
Mr- BANKS, (addressing the Chair at the
same time.) After the House has suspended the
rules for a specific purpose, and that purpose has
been accomplished, is not a motion to suspend the
rules generally in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
point is well taken-by the gentleman from. North
Carolina, [Mr. Clingman.] There is already
pending a motioa to suspend the rules, and such
motions cannot be. multiplied. The first motion
that has been made must be first put to the House.
There-is a motion to > suspend the rules generally,
and an appeal has been taken from the decision
of the Chair that that motion was not in order.
Mr. BANKS, i would inquire, Mr. Speaker,
if the business for which the rules were suspended
has not been exhausted ?
The SP&AKBR. The Chajr is, led to doubt
the correctness of the decision which it has al-
ready made, that^the motion to suspend the rules
was not in order* The Chair is- inclined now to ,
doubt the correctness of that decision, for the rea-
son that it has been the every-day practice of this
body, after the committee, either of the Whole
House on the state of the Union, or of the Whole
House, have reported a bill or bills, to return
immediately into committee, and then dispose
of it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask this question of the
Chair, for the purpose of ascertaining the fact.
Has there not been a motion made by the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] to suspend the
rules generally which the Chair very properly, in
my opinion, declared to entertain, and is there not
an appeal pending from that decision ?
Mr. SPEAKER. That is so. *
Mr.CLlNGMAN. Well, if the House should
reverse the decision of the Chair, the question
will again come up, on the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio, and it must be put. Therefore,
until this motion be disposed of, the second
motion to suspend the rules cannot be entertained.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, for the present I
will withdraw my motion until the question on
the appeal is settled. In the mean time, however,
(at one hour and fifty minutes, p. m.,) I move that
the House do now adjourn; and on that motion I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Thursday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
that motion.
Mr. MI3ACIIAM. I move that there be a call
of the Mouse.
Mr. WALSH. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York will state his question of order.
Mr. WALSH. The question of order to which
I rise is this: that the rules of the House are es-
tablished for the purpose of facilitating the trans-
acting of the public business, and not with a view
of retarding it; and that all these motions are
madej for the express and avowed purpose of
retarding the public business.
[Cries of «« Order !" " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Walsh.] In reference to the motion
of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Mjsacjiam,]
the Chair will remind that gentleman of the fact,
what the Chair supposes he will recognize, that a
motion for a call of the House cannot take prece-
dence of a motion to adjourn.
Mr. MEACHAM. 1 was not aware, Mr.
Speaker, that a motion to adjourn was pending.
The roll was then called; and the question was
decided m the negative—yeas 70, nays 124; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bait, Banks, Bennett, Benson, Benton,
Campbell, Carpenter, Chandler. Crocker, Cullom, Thomas
Davis, Dean, DeWitt, Dick, Dickinson. Drum, Edgerton,
Edmands. Thomas D. Eliot, Everhart', Farley, Fenton,
Flagler, Giddings, Goodrich, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Hast-
ings, IJaven, Iliestei', Howe, Hughes. Daniel T. Jones,
Knox, Lind^ley, McCulloch, Mace, Matteson, Mayali,
Meadi-im, Middle&warth, Morgan, Murray, Nichols, Nor-
ton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peck,Peckham, Pennington,
Bnhop Perkins, Pringle, David Ritchie, Russell, Sabin,
Sa«r«, !?app, Simmons, John h. Taylor, Tracy, Trout, Up-
bain,Wade, Walley, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Wa&li-
burn, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler,
and Yates—70. I
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis j
Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Barks-
dale, Barry, Bell, Bocock* Bo\ce, Breckinridge, Bridges,
Brooks, Caruthers, Ca kie, Chastain, Chrisman, Church-
well, Clark, Clfuginan, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Craige, Cum-
| ming, Cutting, John G. Davis, Dawson, Disney, l)ow-
j dell, Dunbar, Dunham, Edmundson, John M... Elliot, Elli-
son, English, Faulkner, Floience .Fuller, Goode, Green,
Greenwood,Grey, Hamilton, Andrew J. Harlan, Wiley P.
Harris, Hendricks, Henn, llihbard, Hill, Hillyer, Houston,
Ingersoll, Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Roland Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Kidwell, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane,
Latham-, Letcher, Lilly, Macdonald, McDougaU, McNair,
Maxwe.Ll, John G.Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Morrison,
Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, John Perkins, Phelps,
Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Puryear, Ready, Reese, Richard-
son, Riddle, Robbing, Rogers, Rowe, Ruffin, Shannon,
Shaw. Shower, Singleton, Gerrit Smith, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, William R. Smith, George. W. Smyth,
Sriodgrass, Frederick P. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens,
HestorL. Stevens, 'Siratton, Straub, Andrew Stuart, David
Stuart, John J. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tweed, Vail,
Vansant, Wade, Walbridge, Walker, Walsh, Warren,.
Westbrook, Wiue, Daniel B. Wright, Hendrick 15. Wright,
and Zollicofler—J24.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on lay-
ing the appeai-from the dectskm-.of the Chair on
the table.
Mr. MEACHAM. My motion for a call of
the House is now in order; and I make it, and on
it ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MATTESON. i call for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, has there
not been a demand for the call of the House
already disposed of this morning?
The SPEAKER. No.
Tellers were ordered on the call for the yeas and
nays •, and Messrs. Campbell and Harris were
appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes forty-one, (a sufficient number.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in thenegative—yeas 66, nays 123;as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Banks, Bennett, Benson, Camp-
bell. Carpenter, Chandler, Ciocker, Thomas Davis, Dean,
Du Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Drum, Eastman, Edgerton, Ed-
mands, Thomas D. Eliot, Ethendge, Everhart, Farley,
Flagler, Guiding**, Goodrich, Giow, Aaron Harlan, Hast-
ings, Haven, Hiester, Howe, Hughes, limit, Daniel T.
Jones, Kittredge, Knox. Lmdsley, Matteson, MayaJI, Mea-
cham, Middleswarth, Morgan, Murray, Nichols, Norton,
Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peck, Pennington, Bishop Perkins,
Pringle, David Ritchie, Russell, Sabm, Sage, Snpp, Sim-
mons, John L. Taylor, Tracy, Uphatn. Wade, Walley, El-
hhu B. Was hbume, Israel Washburn, Tappan Wentworth,
Wheeler, and Yates—66.
NAYS—Me«sfs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis
Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Barry,
Belcher, Bell, TBocock. Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges,
Brooks, Curuthers, Caskie, Cha&tian, Christian, Church-
well, Clark. Climmian, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Craige, Cul-
lom, Oumming, Curtis, John G. Davi-, Dawson, Disney,
Dowdell, Dunbar, Dunham, Edmundsou, Ellison, Eng-
lish, Florence, Fuller, Gamble, Goodo, Green,Greenwood,
Grey, Hamilton, Sampson YV. llairis, Wiley P. Harris,
Harrison, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hill, Hillyer, Hous-
ton, Ijigersoll, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Roland
Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Kidwell, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane, Letcher,
Lilly, Macdonald, McDougall, Maxwell, John G. Miller,
Smith Miller, Millson, Morrison, Noble, Olds, Mordccai
Oliver, Orr, Packer, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Pow-
ell, Pratt, Preston, Puryear, Ready, Reese, Riohaidson, Rid-
dle, Thomas Ituehey, Rohbins, Rowe, Ruffin, Seymour,
Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Germ Smith, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, William R. Smith George W. Smyth,
SnodgrasH, Alexander H. Stephens, Hestor L. Stevens,
Strntton, Straub, David Stuart, John J. Taylor, Nathaniel
G. Taylor, Trout, Tweed, Vail, Vansant, Walbrulge,
Walker, Walsh, Warren, Wells, Westbrook, Witte, Dan-
iel B. Wright, Hendiick B. Wright, and Zolheoifer—123.
So the House refused to order a call.
Mr, BENSON. I move thatthe House do now
adjourn; and upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURN. I call for tellers upon the
demand for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WALSH. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
point of order.
Mr. WALSH. Here it is in writing.
The point of order was as follows:
Mr. Walsh renews the point of order submit-
ted by him before, as follows: That the rules of
this House, and of all other legislative bodies, are
enacted for the express purpose of facilitating and
not retarding the public business; and that all
motions made, as the present and sundry previous
motions have evidently been made, with the sole
and unconcealed object of embarrassing and pre-
venting the legitimate action of this House, are
clearly and unquestionably out of order, and for
these reasons: That th^ whole theory of our gov-
ernment is based upon the right of the majority to
govern fairly, and not despotically; that the ma-
jority, during the whole discussion of the ques-
tion now at issue, have already acted y/ith a liber-
ality and forbearance unparalleled* and that any
further extension of it, whita subversive of the
public interest, would tend to establish a prece-
dent which, would ;enable any captious minority
to entirely control the legislation of the.country.
Pending the reading,
M*r. CAMPBELL said: I object to any further
rtading of the argument upon the point of order.
The further reading was then dispensed with.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
appeal taken fr©m the decision of the Chair is
legitimate.
Mr. WALSH. Well, I withdraw the argu-
ment, as I understand gentlemen cannot stand it.
[Laughter.]
Tellers were then ordered upon the motion that
the House do adjourn; and Messrs. Campbell,
and WtitjGiiT of Pennsylvania, were; appointed. *
The House was then divided, and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty-nine, (a sufficient number.)
So the yeas and nays were ordeied.
Mr. FLAGLER. I move that when the-
House adjourns, itadjourn to meet on Wednesday
next.
The SPEAKER. The J-Touse but just now
has voted upon that motion, and refused to adopt
it. Since which a sufficient time has not elapsed,
in the opinion of the Chair, to make the motion in
order.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn; and decided in the negative—yeas 64,
nays 118; as follows: . *
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Banks, Bennett, Benson, Camp-
bell, Carpenter, Chandler, Crocker, Cullom, Thomas Da-
vis, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Drum, Edgerton,
Edmunds, Thomas 1). Ehor, Everhart, Farley, Fenton,
Flagler, Goodnch, Grow, Aaron Harlan, llasiing.1*, Ha-
ven, Htester, Howe, Hughe4!, Daniel 'J'. Jones, Knox,
LuuWey, McCulloch, Matteson, Mayall, Mpacham, Mtd-
dleswarth, Morgan, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oli-
ver, Parker, Peck, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Pringle,
David Ritchie, Russell, Sabhi, Sage, Sapp, Simmons, John
L. Taylor, Tracy, Trout, Upham, Walley, Elhhu B.VVas-h-
burne, Israel Washburn, Tappan Wentwoith, Wheeler,
and Yates—
NAYS—Messrs. Ahererombie, James C.Allen, Willis
Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Barks-
dale, Barry, Bell, B^cock, Boycc, Breckinridge, B-ridges,
Brooks, Caruthers, Caskie, Cha«tain, Churchwell, Clark,
Clingman, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Craige, Cumming, Cutting,
John G. Davis, Dawson, Disney, Dowdell, Dunbar, Dun-
ham, John M. Elliott, English, Ethendge, Florence, Fuller,
Gamble, Green, Greenwood, Grey, Hamilton, Andrew J.
Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Hendricks,
Henn, Hibbaid, Hill, Hillyer, Houston, Ingersoll, Johnson,
George VV. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt,
Kerr, Kidwell, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane, Latham,'Lilly. Mac-
donald, McDougall, McNair, Maxwell, John G. Miller,
Smith Miller, Milton, Morrison, Noble, Olds, Moideeai
Oliver, Orr,,Packer, John Perkins,Phelps,Phillips,Powell,
Pratt, Preston, Purvear, Ready, Reese, RiehardSAti, Thos.
Ritchey, Robhins, Rowe, RutFin, Seymour, Shaw, Shower,
Singleton, Ge> rtt Smith, William Snuth, William R. Smith,
George W. Smyth, Alexander H. Stephens, Hestor L.Ste-
vens, Stratton, Straub, Andtew Stuait, David Stuart, John
J. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tweed, Vml, Vansant,
Walbrsdge, Walker, Walsh," Wells, Westbrook, Witte,
Daniel B. Wright, Ilenduck B. Wright, and Zollicof-
fer—118.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred upon th© motion
made to lay the appeal from the decision of the
Chair upon the table.
Mr. GOODRICH. Upon that question I ask
to be excused from voting.
Mr. SAGE. I demand the yeas and nays upon
the motion to excuse the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I raise the question of
order, that the previous question having been
demanded, cuts off not only all speeches and
amendments, but all motions of this sort.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman states cor-
rectly that the previous question has been de-
manded, but it has not been seconded.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That is very true; but
the reason I have adduced that the demand cuts
off all motions of this sort, as well as motions to
amend and discussion, still holds good.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I want to suggest to
the Chair that, after the previous question has
been demanded, the rules prescribe that only cer-
tain motions can be made, and that this is not one
of them.
Mr. HAVEN. Will the Chair allow me to
say that, under the decision of the Chair, the rules
