1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mu
are suspended, and that this rule is therefore not
applicable ? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remark to
gentlemen upon all sides, that discussion, asthey
are wy well aware, is not in order. The Chair
will give his decision upon the question, if the
House wish him to do so. The Chair decides
that the motion that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts be excused from Voting is'in order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Fromthat decision Itake
an appeal.
Mr. FLAGLER. I raise the question that
one appeal from the de'cision of th6 Chair being
already pending, the appeal of thegentleman from
North Carolina is not- in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides, for the
same reason that he gave a similar decision the
other day, that the appeal is in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 move to
lay the appeal upon the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My appeal is tspon the
same ground as that upon which I took an appeal
the other day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decideii^the other
day, upon a precisely similar question, that the
gentleman from North Carolina had the right to
take an appeal, upon the ground that it was an
eminently practical question, rather than upon the
express authority of any rule. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Goodrich] now asks
to be excused from voting. The Chair decides
that he has the right to make that motion. Prom
this decision the gentleman from North Carolina
takes an appearand the gentleman from Illinois
moves to lay the appeal upon the table. The ques-
tion is, therefore, upon the latter motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays upon my motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. As this is rather an im-
portant question, 1 move that there be a call of
the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that mo-
tion not to be in order at this time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Upon what ground? Busi-
ness has transpired since the motion was made
and decided.
The SPEAKER. What business ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. A motion to adjourn, and
questions of order.
The SPEAKER. A motion to adjourn has
been made; but the Chair decides that nothing
has occurred which could furnish a reason for the
House to change its decision.
Mr. CAMPBELL. With the permission of
the Chair, I will refer him to decisions of the Chair
on Thursday and Friday week, and I will also
refer him To the decision of Mr. Speaker Cobb on
the 18th of February, 1850; all of which are, that
a motion to adjourn over may be repeated after
any business has transpired.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will remember that the decision now made by the
Chair was sustained by the House last week.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, sir, I desire to refer
the Chair to his own decision on Monday last,
and to those made by him on Thursday and Fri-
day  
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair trusts the House
will allow the gentleman from Ohio to proceed in
his suggestions.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Last Thursday and Friday
it was repeatedly entertained.
The SPEAKER. The Chair may so decide
again to-day for aught he knows; but he sees noth-
ing, in his opinion, which may reasonably change
the purpose of the House in reference to the call
of the House'. Very many even doubt whether
it can be entertained during the day. Formyself
I do not. I think the question of time as well as
the action of the House might be well considered
in regard to the demand for a call of the House.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. 1 call for tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Inkers oil
and Campbell were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
•—ayes forty-nine, (a sufficient nhmber.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that the
gentleman from Massachusetts had a right to sub-
mit a motion that the House excuse him from
voting on a pending appeal from the decision of
the Chair. From that decision, the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Clivgmaw] took an
appeal.  A motion was then made that the ap-
peal do lie upon the.table.
Mr. MATTESON. I move that-'the House
do now adjourn.
The SPP^AKER. That was the last- motion
voted on; and the Chair, decides it to be out of
order.
The question was then taken on the motion to lay
the appeal upon the table; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 88, nays 105; as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Ball, Banks, lielcber, Bennett, Benson,
Benton, Campbell, Carpenter, Chandler, Crocker, Cullom,
Cutting, Thomas Davis, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickinson,
Drum, Edgeiton, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison,
Ethendge, Everhart, Farlev, Fenton, Flagler, Fuller, Gam-
ble, Giddings, Goodrich, Grow, Aaron Harlan. Andrew
J. Hurlan, Harrison, Hastings. Haven, I-Iieste'r, Howe,
Hughes, Hunt* Daniel T. Jones, Kittredge', Knox, Lindsley,
Lyon, McCulloch, Mace, Matteson, Mayall, Meachain,
Middleswarth, Morgan, Murray, Nichols, Noble, Norton,
Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peck, Pennington, Bishop Perkins,
Pringle, Puryear, David Ritchie,Thomas Kitchey,Russell,
Sabin', Sage, Sapp, Seymour, Simmons, Stratton, Andrew
Stuart, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston,
Tracy, Trout, Upham, Wade, Walley, Eilihu B. Wash-
burne, Urael Washburn, John Wentworth, Tappan Went-
worth Wheeler, and Yates—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis
Allen, Ashe,DavidJ. Bailey,Thomas H. Bayly, Uarksdale,
Barry, Bell, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Ca-
ruthers, Ca^kie, Chastian, Churchwell, Clark, Clingman,
Cohb, Colquitt, Cox, Craige, Cumming, John G. Davis,
Dawson, Disney, Dovvdell, Dunbar, Dunham, Edmundson,
J«hn M. Elliott. English, Faulkner, Florence, Goode,
Green, Greenwood, Grey, Hamilton, Sampson W. Ilauis,
Wiley P. Harps, Hendricks, Hemi, Hibbaid, Hill, IJillyer,
Ingersoll, J. Glancy Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt, Kerr,
Kid well, Kurtz, Lamb, Letcher, Lilly, Macdnnald, McDou-
gall, Maxwell, John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Million, Olds,
Moidecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, John Perkins, Phelps,
Powell, Pratt, Preston, Ready, Richardson, Riddle, ltowe,
ltuffin, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, Geoige W.
Smyth, Snodgrass, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Hector L. Stevens, Stniub,
David Stuart,' John J. Taylor, Tweed, Vail, Vansant, Wal-
bridge, Walker, Warren, WHN, Westbrook, Witte, Daniel
B. Wright, Uendnck B. Wright, and Zollicofier—105.
So the House refused to lay the appeal upon
the table.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
the appeal.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to present the ques-
tion of order whether, under the rulings of the
Chair heretofore, this appeal can be entertained
while another appeal is pending?
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated, when he
entertained the appeal awhile ago, that he did so
in accordance with the practice of the other day.
A precisely similar case occurred then, as the
gentleman will recollect. He stated further that
he did so from necessity, and as a practical meas-
ure, under the peculiar circumstances of the case,
rather than with any justification under the rules
of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It will be recollected when
the question was raised week before last, that the
Chair then decided, and I think that he was'sus-
tained by the House, that pending one appeal
another appeal could not be made.
The SPEAKER. That is a law of the House,
and the Chair feels all its force in this particular
ease; but having entertained the appeal, he will
now change his decision. The gentleman would
have thought it hard if the Chair had overruled
the right which the Chair thought the gentleman
had, under the rule, to vote. He would have
thought it hard if he could not haveappeaied from
that decision. This is a privileged question. It
goes to the privilegeofa member; and some weight
is to be given to that consideration in admitting an
appeal.
Mr. CAMPBELL, I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, f move that
when the House adjourns to-day, it be to meet on
Wednesday next.
Mr. RICHARDSON". I rise to a question of
order. That motion is not in order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That motion to adjourn
over cannot be repeated. It ha& been once de-
cided to-day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to admin-
ister the rules of the House practically and justly.
He decides that the House-has a right to adjourn
over. It i£*a privileged question.
Mr. WASHBURN. So the Chair has ruled
before.
The SPEAKER. It is even of a higher grade
when viewed in "one 'aspect th^n the motion to
adjourn. '
Mr. CLINGMAN. After the House has once
refused to adjourn over? > *
Mr. H1BBARD. I rise ro a question of order.
The House having once1 voted to-day.that they
would not adjourn over, how can that motion be
repeated ?
The SPEAKER.. Since the motion to adjourn
over Was-made and ^negatived, there has'.been a
vote taken on a'motionuhat-theri&v-be a-call of the
House. Some time elapsed. There has- also
been a-vote on the-motion that the appeal from the
decision of the Chair do lie upow the table. ■ There
has been action further on two motions to adjourn.
The Chair entertains the;motion under the cir-
cumstances.
Mr. HIBBARD. I- am constrained to take an
appeal from'the decision *>f the Chair, believing it
to be wrong.
Mr. CAMPBELL. * I pise to a question of
order. When two-appeals are penthng* may a
third one be takenfrom'the-decisionfof the Chair ?
Mr. HIBBARD. If the appeal i>e not in order,
the mo'ion is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The original practice was, that
one appeal could not be made on another. That,
however, is in* inference to the same subject; but
on subjects entirely different, one from the other,
the case is otherwise. • That is the recollection of
the Chair. If any gentleman has distinct recol-
lection of practice diffeient from that, the Chair
would be glad to hearofit.
Mi*. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move ,to
lay the appeal from the decision of the Chair.upon
the table; and on that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair entertains the mo-
tion, that when the House adjourns, it be to meet
on Wednesday next. From that decision the
gentleman from-New Hampshire takes an appeal.
Thegentleman from Illinois moved that the appeal
do lie upon the table. On the latter proposition
the yeas and nays have-been demanded.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cullom and
Bocock were appointed.
The House* was then divided on« the demand
for the yeasand_nays; and the tellers reported fifty
in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that there be a call
of the House,
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that mo-
tion out tff order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will takean appeal, then,
as there are onlyjhree appeals already pending.
[Laughter, and .cries of " Uood V ] I respectfully
take an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not enter-
tain it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Chair will entertain
three appeals, but not a fourth !
Mr. HIBBARD. i call the gentleman to order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wash-
buiine's motion; and it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 85, nays 104; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Rail, Belcher, Bennett, Benson, Ben-
ton, Campbell, Carpenter, Chandler, Crocker, Cullom,
Curtis, Thomas Davis, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickinson,
Drum, Edgeiion, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison^
Ethcridgc^Kverhart, Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Fuller, Gid-
dmgs, Goodrich, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Jfarlan,
Harrison, Hastings, Haven, Hiester, If owe, Hunt, Daniel
T.Jones, Kutredge, Knox, Lindsley, McCulloch, Mace*
Matteson, Mayall, Meacharn, Middleswarlb, Mill«on, Mor-
gan, Murray, Nichols, Noble, Norton, Andrew Oliver*
Parker, Peck, Pennington, Bishop Perkins. Pringle, Pur-
year, David Ritchie, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Seymour,
Simmons, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, Stratton, Andrew Stuart*
John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Tracy,
Trout, Upham, Wadd, Walley, fJlhhtl B.Washbarne,Israel
i Washburn, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, and
j Wheeler—85.
| NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombi«T James C. Allen, Willis
I Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Barksdule, Barry, Bell, Bo-
i cock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Brooks, Carmbers,
; Chastain, Churchwell, Clark, Ghntfman, Cobb,Cox, Craige,
j Cumrmng, John G. Davis, Dawson, DiMiey, Dowdell, Dun-
[ bar,Dunham, Edmundson, John M. Elliott,Faulkner, Flor-
i ence, Gamble, Green, Greenwood, Grey, Hamilton, Samp-
j son W. Harris, Hendricks, Henri, Hibbard, Hill, Hillyer,
I Ingersoll, J. Glancy Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt, Kerr,
I Kidwell, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane,-Latham, Lilly, Macdonald,
1 McNair, Maxwell, JohnG. Miller, Smith Miller, Morrison,
Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, John PerKin^Phelps,
Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Preston, Ready, Reese, iUebftid-
son, Riddle, Robbing, Ruffia, Shannon; Shaw, Shower,
Singleton, Samuel A, Smith, William William R.
