2104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 8,
At this late period of the session, I do not pro-
pose to have *11 these reports read, unless it should
be requested by some member of the House; but
I ask that the reports and accompanying evidence
may be laid upon the table and printed. Before
that is done, however, I desire to inquire whether
by this disposition of the reports, the committee
will be discharged from the further consideration
of the subjects committed to them, or whether
this investigation will extend into the next session ?
The SPEAKER. Do the committee desire to
be discharged from the further consideration of
the subjects referred to them ?
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir, They ask in their
reports that they mdy have liberty to make further
investigations the next session.
■ The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that it is competent for the committee to report in
part, but whether the committee would hold over
until another session without an express order of
the House to that effect, is quite questionable.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, 1 move that the
reports and testimony lie upon the table, and be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I ask that
the committee have leave to hold over until the
next session.
Mr. DISNEY. I object.
Mr. WENT WORTH. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. DAWSON. I claim the floor.
"WASHINGTON AND ALEXANDRIA RAILROAD.
Mr. McMULLlN. 1 rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I have a report to make from a committee
of conference.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to make the report.
Mr McMULLlN. The committee of confer-
ence appointed to confer upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the bill authorizing
the extension of the Alexandria railroad into the
District of Columbia, have instructed me to make
the following report 
Mr. GOODE. i desire to say that if I have the
right to object to the reception of that report, I
object
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
report is properly before the House.
The report was then read, as follows:
The committee of conference upon the disagreement of
the two Houses in reference to the hill entitled •'An act
authorizing the extension of the Alexandria and Washing-
ton railroad hi to the Diftncf of Columbia, ami conferring
certain privileges on tin- Baltimore and dhio Railroad Com-
pany," have luid the subject under consideration, and rec-
ommend that ihe Senate ieeede fioin us disagreement io
the amendments of the Houae, and that the'said bill, as it
pasxed the House, be adopted, with the following additional
Section:
Provided, however, That this section shall remain sus-
pended for two yriiri from Hip 1st day of January, 1833;
nnd if, at die end of ihat time, (he Alexandria and Wash-
ington K.ulio.id Company shall not have CHinpleted a rail-
road to Alex.mdtia, and have (he same in  ood running
order, in pun-uanoe of iho requuemenia of the preceding
section of ihe act, then th« Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company shall have the privilege of extending their road
by eithernf the routes-authorized by llm n<*t • And, provided j
further, That if said Baltimore and Ohio Kaihoad Company
shall not have executed so much ot the provision** of tins
act as relates to their company, by thy 1st day of January,
1859, then this act shall he void.
FAYETTE McMULLlN,
IfENRY MAY,
JOHN KEKR,
Managers on the part of the House.
J. I). BRIGHT,
J TOUC> Y,
HAMILTON FISH,
Manager* on the part of the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. Do I understand the com-
mittee of conference propose to add an additional
section to that bill; a section not considered and
acted on either by the House or Senate?
Mr. McMULLlN. 1 was just about stating
that the committee of conference have agreed to a
suspension of the following: provision, put in the
bill by the House, until 1857:
Sec.4. And heit further ^enacted, That the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company he, and it is hereby, authonzed
to construct and extend the Washington branch of paid
road, according to suoh route as may be most convenient
through the said District, io some point on the Potomac
rivej, opposite m, and n«*ar the city of Alexandria, in Vir
ginia, for the purpose of forming a connection with said
river, and the lines of railroad running south, subject to the
provisions nf it* prpsent charter; and the said company are
hereby authorized to locate, construct, and operate the
said extortions hereby authorized through such parts of
the city of Washington or public reservations as the cor-
porate autiwuues thereof, or the President of the United
States, may consent to ; and also to build a bridge or bridges
over the eastern branch of the Potomac river, at some point
above the navy-yard: Provided, however, That the same
shall not obstruct the navigation thereof, and said company
shall have power to locate and establish a depot, and erect
the necessary buddings thereon, arid also to erect such
wharves and piers into said river as may be necessary:
Provided, The same shall not obstruct the navigation
thereof: Provided, further, That the said Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company be subject to the same conditions
and restrictions m extending their road through any part of
the city of Washington as are prescribed for the Alexan-
dria and Washington Railroad Company.
The amendment of the committee of confer-
ence meets with the approbation not only of the
friends of the Alexandria and Washington Rail-
road Company, but also with that of the friends
of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company. It
is of great moment, as all will admit, that this
link of the connection between the North and the
South by railroad should be completed. The
House fully understand the question, and I call
the previous question on the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee.' Is it understood
by the proviso now reported, that if the Alexandria
and Georgetown Railroad Company make their
road, that this other one shall not be constructed? If
that be so, then it will be a monopoly, and no other
road can be constructed.
Mr. McMULLlN. The report of the com-
mittee of conference is, that if the Alexandria and
Washington city Railroad Company shall have
completed their road to Alexandria within two
years from the first day of January next, that the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company shall have
no right to extend their road.
In the event of the failure of the Alexandria
and Washington Railroad Company to extend
their road, then the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company have the right to extend their road to
the Potomac; and if they ^il to extend their road
within two years thereafter, then this act is null
and void, and Congress may confer the same
power upon any other company.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am very much
opposed to monopolies; and I move to lay the
whole concern upon the table.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to present this ques-
tion of order to the Chair. Can a committee of
conference substitute an independent section not
embraced either in the Senate amendment or the
House hill, and legislate in that kind of way?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
committee cannot agree to and incorporate an in-
dependent and separate amendment.
Mr. JONES, ojf Tennessee. I submit to the
Chair, that it is a proviso t# the section of the
bill which was in disagreement between the two
Houses. 1 suppose the committee of conference
might propose to amend that disagreeing vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
it is a modification of the disagreeing votes of the
two Mouses.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man from Tennessee will withdraw his motion.
Not a friend of this bill has ever said one word
upon this subject, and I beg that he will allow an
explanation to be made in regard to this bill.
The question was taken upon Mr. Jones's mo-
tion; and, upon division, there were—ayes 11, noes
not counted.
So the House refused to lay the report upon the
table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I feel very much
inclined 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The previous ques-
tion is pending and debate is out of order.
Mr. SMITH. I ask my colleag ue to withdraw
the demand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The amendment upon which
the two Houses disagreed will be read by the
Clerk. j
The Clerk then read the fourth section of the !
bill, as printed above. I
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw my point of or- ;
der. j
The SPEAKER. Then the question is on I
seconding the demand for the previous question, j
Mr. GOODE. Is the amendment in order to '
be voted for after the gentleman from Georgia has
withdrawn his point of order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not heard
any objection at all fo the report. It has been
received withctot objection, and it' is doubtful
whether the objection now made is not too late.
Mr. GOODE. Exactly; on the ground that
the report of the committee is not to the bill of the
House or to the amendments of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. 'The Chair does not under-
stand the report ©f the committee to change the
original bill; but it does modify and come to an
agreement on the amendments of the House
which were made to the bill, and on which the
two Houses disagreed.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and under
the operation of the previous question, the report
of the committee was agreed to.
Mr. McMULLlN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. H1BBARD took the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Dawson] is entitled to the floor.
He has twice yielded it already.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HIBBARD. I wish to make a motion
which will not occupy the House a moment. It
is in relation to the Post Office appropriation bill,
which has come down from the Senate.
Mr. DAWSON. What motion does the gen-
tleman wish to make?
Mr. HIBBARD. I wish to move to take up
the Post Office appropriation bill just sent from the
Senate, for the purpose of having it referred to a
committee of conference.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has that bill,
with the amendments, passed through the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The House has not passed on the amendments of
the Senate.
Mr. HIBBARD. No; but I propose to move
to disagree to the amendments, and to ask a com-
mittee of conference at the same time.
Mr. JONES. Oh, no; let it be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HIBBARD. There are but two amend-
ments. I move to take up the bill which is now
upon the Speaker's table, for the purpose of re-
ferring it to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. DAWSON. I mova that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business upon the
Speaker's table, for the purpose of taking up the
homestead bill, as amended by the Senate.
Mr. TWEED. I object.
Mr. DAWSON. Then I move to suspend the
rules, to enable irie to make the motion.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order. We
have had no morning hour. The genfleman and
the House will remember that the whole day has
been spent, not only with privileged questions, but
with questions of privilege, and therefore no part
figf the morning hour has been consumed in receiv-
ing reports from committees.
Mr. DAWSON. Is not the morning hour run-
ning yet?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. DAWSON. It is hardly necessary to
move the suspension of the rules, but yet I am
willing to try it once more. I make the motion.
Mr. COBB. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. BRIDGES. I appeal to my colleague to
allow this bill to go over until the next session.
It is too late at this period of the session to per-
fect such a bill before the adjournment. The
tendency of the bill is to sweep away the p.ublic
lands.
[Cries of" Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania cannot debate the motion.
Mr. DAWSON. I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 70, nays 92; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis
Allen, Barksdale, Barry, Boyce, Breckinridge, Brooks,
Oaruthers, Chastani, Churchwell, Clark, Chngman, Cobb,
Cook, Camming, John G. Davis, Dawson, Disney, Dow-
dell, Dunbar, Dunham,Eastman,Eddy,Edcerton,Edmund-
son, English, Florence, Goode, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley
P. Harris, Hendricks. Henn, [Iibbard, Houston, Jfngersoll,
Roland Jones, Keitt, Kidvvell, Kittredge, Lamb, Latham,
Letcher, Lilly, Macdonald, McDougall, Macy, Maxwell,
John G. Miller, Noble, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Peckham,
John Perkins, Phelps, Plullips^Richardson, Sapp, Single-
