1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
537
the friends of the bill more effectually than any
other wh'oh has been offered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not agree
with my colleague in his reasoning upon this
amendment. 1 think, sir, upon a little reflection,
he will come to the conclusion that capital is too
sagacious to take that means of investment. Why,
the capitalist had better go and enter the land at
one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre, than to
attempt to hire settlers to go upon it and live, and
cultivate it for five years, and then get the patent
of the land transferred to him. He will find it to
his advantage to do otherwise, and I think it will
be found, in practice, that no capitalist will be so
blind to his own interest as to adopt that policy.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, and it was
not agreed to.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had parsed
bills of the following titles:
S. No. 185. An act for the relief of the legal
representatives of Samuel Prioleau, deceased.
S. No. 199. An act to authorize a patent to be
granted to Peter Poncin for certain lands therein
described.
S. No. 234. An act for the relief of Conrad
Wheat, junior, or his legal representatives.
S. No. 249. An act for the relief of Zadoc C.
Ingraham J
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, i will follow up the
general features of the amendment of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr, Etiieridge,] because
it manifestly is right. I propose to insert in the
fifth line, after the word " family," the words
"and with his or her family actually intends to
occupy the same." So that it will read "that the
person applying for the benefit of this act shall,
upon application to the register of the land office,
in which he or she is about to make such entry,
make affidavit before said register, that he or she
is the head of a family, and, with his or her family
actually intends to occupy the same."
The committee will readily perceive that my
purpose is to provide guards against the specula-
tive features of this bill, as far as it is practicable
to do so. I desire that the persons who avail
themselves of its benefits shall do so with the
bona fide intention of occupying the land they shall
settle upon with their families. It certainly seems
to me that such ought to be the policy of this
committee, and also of the friends of the bill.
But it is manifest that the friends of this bill are
determined, if possible, to prevent any amend- 1
ments being made to it. I am more surprised at j
it because the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. i
Jones,] who is distinguished as the Cerbeius of i
the Treasury, fighting against every little claim I
that is presented to the consideration of Congress, I
is here going for this bill, and against all amend- '
ments; which bill involves an expenditure of;
millions of the public property. |
The theory of the gentleman from Tennessee |
who last spoke [Mr. Jones] is without founda- i
tion. The idea entertained by that gentleman, that i
capitalists will not find any benefit accruing to J
them by getting poor men to go and settle upon J
these lands will be found to have no foundation. :
1 beg leave to call the attention of that gentleman
to this matter, as E desire to ask him a question, j
Suppose a capitalist were to engage one hundred j
persons to go into the wilderness and get one hun- [
dred quarter sections under this Govern men t' Why
the very settlement itself would make a heavy and ;
important increase in the value of that property. !
I am surprised that the gentleman from Tennessee, ;
is now exerting atl his active powers for the pur-
pose of bestowing millions of the public property
upon personsof whom heknows nothing. I have j
made these remarks with the hope that the amend-
ment [ have offered will be adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman 1
from Virginia will look at the course I have pur- i
sued with regard to the smaller bilis, he will find j
that 1 have not opposed a solitary one of them,
unless I believed I had good and valid objections
to its passage, and unless I thought that it con-!
flicted with some principle which I could notvio- |;
late in order to pass it. I disagree with the gen- j
tleman entirely about the value of the lands m a !!
new country. That gentleman has lived where j;
the lands have acquired a value from the settlement |j
of the country. II
Mr. SMITH. I desire to ask the gentleman a
single question, and that is this: When amend-
ments are offered which simply propose to guaid
against the speculative features of this bill, why is
it that he opposes them?
Mr. JONES. I think that they will not have
the effect of guarding'against the speculator. 1
said a few moments ago, that the speculator who
had capital would, be blind to his own interests,
in my opinion, who would undertake to hire set-
tlers to go out and live upon the land for five years,
when they might acquire the title for nothing,
without paying $1 25 per acre, it would be better
and far cheaper lor him to pay $1 25 an acre, and
get his title, than to hire settlers to go there 
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman does not reply
directly to the question 1 asked. 1 ask him why
it is that he opposes all amendments, m the shape
of piecautions, against the speculative features of
this bid? it may be true that no speculator will
undertake this thing, but why notguard against it?
Mr. JONES, i do not see the necessity for
these amendments. The gentleman has avowed
his opposition to the bill, and I do not wish to
consume time in weighing and loading down the
bill with amendments. 1 wish that the'friends
of the bill would not vote for the amendments,
but pass the bill through the committee and get
it immediately into the House.
Mr. HENN. Does the gentleman from Ten-
nessee wish us to vote down all amendments -1
Mr. JONES. 1 am willing to vote them all
down.
Mr. BRIDGES. I propose the following
amendment to the amendment:
That such application is made for his or her exclusive
use and benefit, and those especially mentioned in this act;
and not either directly oi indirectly for the use and benefit
oi any other person or peisons whomsoever.
I am a friend to this bill, and I intend to vote
for it. But I wish to have such a bill passed as
will carry out the intentions which this bill has in
view, it is to encourage emigration to the West
—the emigration of those persons who would
becomeactual settlers there. Now,for one, 1 feel
disposed to encourage the emigration of those per-
sons who desire to become settlers upon and cul-
tivators of the soil; to do so, and not to have the
land exposed, to be taken up by capitalists who
may send a hundred or a thousand persons into
the West to take up the land, and then to become
the beneficiaries of such settlements.
Sir, I am opposed to the capitalists of the coun-
try raking out of the sinks and purlieus of our
cities the off-scouring of all cieation, and send-
ing them West to accomplish their own avaricious
designs. 1 desire that a guard shall be placed
against the ptosntution of those lands for any buch
pin poses. 1 want every person who goes there |
to avail himself of the benefits of this bill, to de- ,
clare, under oath, what is his intention in going j
there; I want him to place it upon the records of j
the office that he goes there as an honest settler, j
and that he is not to be a tool in the hands of a .
millionaire, for the purpose of making him still
richer. i
Mr. Chairman, I do not see what possible ob- '
jection the friends of the bill can have to the mscr- i
tion therein of such a provision as I have offered.
If it be the object of the bill and its friends to 1
benefit the poor man, I ask that this body should :
make such provisions as will secure to him that ;
benefit for his own enjoyment. Let the land be j
settled by him, and not by the capralist—not by |
the millionaire. I ask that you should not encour-
age such persons as will never prove an honor or an 1
ornament to society to emigrate to the West: but 1 ,
ask that you encourage such persons as will feel
an interest in the institutions of the country to 1
which they go, and who will become, by moving
there, good, useful, and valuable citizens.
That I understand to be the object of the bill,
and if so there can be no reasonable objection by
members of the House who are us friends to in-
serting a provision guarding these lands against the
ultimate grasp of the millionaires of the country
for their own uses and purposes. I repeat, that I
believe that these are the objects of the bill; and if j
it be the object of the committee to carry them
out in good faith, they will concur in this amend- |
ment, which makes it obligatory upon every per- j
son who emigrates to the West, for the purpose i
of availing himself of the benefits of this bill, to j
spread it upon the records, whenever he makes i
his application, that he enters the land for his own
use, and for the benefit of his wife and children,
who are intended to be provided for in the bill.
Hoping that my amendment maybe adopted, I
will close my remarks.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. It seems
to me that the amendment of my colleague ought
to be adopted. I see no impropriety in requiring
that any man who locates upon a quarter section
of land should take an oath that it is for his own
benefit.
Mr. HENDRICKS, (interrupting.) I rise to
a question of order. I desire to know if the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania is speaking in opposi-
tion to the amendment? If he is not, I ask that
the rule may be strictly enforced. One speech has
already been made m favor of the amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 am certainly speaking in
favor of the amendment. I have no desire to speak
in opposition to it.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman is not
in order, and cannot proceed with his remarks.
Mr. PRESTON. 1 believe the House is ready
to vote upon this bill, and i therefore move that
the committee rise, with a view of terminating the
fivemmutes'debatejso as to have action on the bill
and on the amendments which have been adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will say to the
gentleman from Kentucky that that motion cannot
be made in the House. "You cannot move to sus-
pend the rules to day; and there is no rule author-
izing you to terminate the five-minutes debate.
Mr. PRESTON. Does the gentleman mean to
say that the House has no power to give an order
to the committee?
Mr. JONES. No, sir, none; you could not
get the motion before the House. It would not
be in order.
Mr. PRESTON. I move, then, that the Com-
mittee rise, and report the bill and the amendments
to the House.
' The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
order, inasmuch as there are amendments pend-
ing which must be disposed of.
Mr. HENN. As the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bridges] is a very
important one, I call for tellers upon it.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Is theamendmentbefore the
committee an amendment to an amendment, or a
mere amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is an amendment to an
amendment, and no further amendment is m order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bridges's
amendment to the amendment; and it was not
adopted—ayes 58, noes not counted.
The question recurred on the amendment of Mr.
Smith, of Virginia, as amended.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Is that open to amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order to submit
an amendment, but not to amend what the com-
mittee hns inserted.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I offer the following amend-
ment:
And all contract*? and aer^emfnt* ent^rfd into for the pur-
pose of oouvoyma the lands acquired under tht* bill prior
to the it-suance of the patents shall be wholly void.
Itseeins to me that, that amendment accom-
plishes everything which can be accomplished by
this committee. It merely proposes tomakevoid
all contracts or agreements made in reference to the
conveyance of the land prior to the issuance of the
patent, and conforms to our prior legislation and
rights heretofore granted. Now you cannot pre-
vent an individual, if he chooses to carry out an
agreement, from doing it. Tf he chooses, under
agreement, to go upon land and settle, and for a
consideration to convey those lands afterwords to
another, you cannot prevent him; and he can very
well make his affidavit that he makes his settle-
ment for himself, as required by the law, be-
cause he makes it for a consideration, which is
equal to the land itself. You cannot prevent that.
AH this committee can do, it seems to me, is to
adom that amendment, which is in strict conform-
ity to our past legislation on that subject, and
which declares that the Government that has the
title to the land, before it parts with it, shall pre-
vent its beneficiary, so far as it can help, from
transfering those lands; in other words, that the
Government shall exert its whole power for his
protection—that it shall declare that al! contracts
and agreements made for the conveyance of the
land prior to the time when the Government parts
