2106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
House, and that the House should now permit a
motion to be marie to take up the fiver and har-
bor bill; and if that fails, I think the advocates of
that measure should be satisfied, stleast, until after
the disposition of the appropriation bills.
Mr. CAMPBELL, i wish to say that I shall
take every opportunity to get up that bill, as ius
ahead of all other appropriation bills. -
Mr. JONES. I make this remark to the gen*
tleman from Ohio. He knows that the Govern-
ment does not stop, that the operations of the
Army, the Navy, or the civil service of the country
do not stop by the failure of the river and haibor
bill at the session of Congress, but that they must
all stop if the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill does not pass.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will say to thegentleman
that there has been but one river and harbor bill
for fifteen years, and the friends of that bill intend
that it shall go through this session, if possible.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to make a single sug-
gestion. It is this: go to the Speaker's table, and
all these bills can be reached.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the pending motion.
Mr. ORR. I withdraw, for the present, the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, with a view to enable the friends of the
river and harbor bill to move to take it up; and if
they fail in their motion, I hope, then, they will
adopt the same course, which, perhaps, the friends
of the land bill have done.
EXTRA COMPENSATION TO PAGES, ETC.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolvedy That the usual extra compensation be paid to
the pages, folders, and such other employees who have
heretofore received the same, and who have not and shall
not hereafter receive the benefit of the jotnt resolution ap-
proved July 20, 1854.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That resolution has
once been presented and rejected. I object to it.
It is not in order.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee, f submit this ques-
tion to the Chair and to the House. The joint
resolution which has been passed in relation to the
compensation of the employees of the House, pro-
vides for the increase of all the persons embraced
in that resolution, and we cannot repeal that joint
resolution by a simple resolution of this House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will say to the House,
that the resolution provides for those who do not
take advantage of the joint resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Exactly; but the
joint resolution applies to all, and they cannot
waive the rijht.
Mr. FLORENCE. This resolution provides
that they may not be included in that resolution.
I earnestly pray that the sympathies of this House
may be excited for those poor folder boys, and
that they may be provided for. I move that the
rules be suspended, to enable me to introduce the
resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for the yeas
and nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis, of
Indiana, and Stuart, of Michigan, were ap-
pointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
-—ayes 92, noes 32.
So (two thirds having; voted in the affirmative)
the rules were suspended.
Mr. FLORENCE. I now offer the resolution,
and call the previous question upon its adoption.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the passag-e of the resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it in order to
submit a few words on the resolution r
The SPEAKER. The call for the previous
question having been sustained, debate is not in
order. j
Mr. MORGAN. I demand tellers on the yeas
and nays. j
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kerr and !
Churchwell were appointed. j
The question was taken; and the yeas and nays
were ordered*
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the resolution; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 88, nays 50; as follows!
YEAS—Messrs Aiken, Ashe, Thomas H. Bayly, Ranks,
Bennett, Benson,Bits-, Uridtfes. Buijg, Carpenter, Caruth-
ers, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chas-tam, Churchwell, Crock-
er, Humming, Thomas Davis, Dawson, De Wnt, Disney,
Edtnundson, Thomas D. Ehor, Ellison. Everhart, Parley,
Fenton, Florence, Gamble, Guldmgs, Goodrich, Andrew J.
Harlan, Harrison, IIill, Howe, flu«he>, Hunt, Johnt-on,
Kent, Kerr, Knox, Kurtz, Lamb, Latham Lilly, McCul-
loch, Macdonald, McDougall, McNair, Macy, Maurice,
Maxwell, May, Smith Miller, Nichols, Norton, Andrew
Oliver, Peckham, Pennington, Prmgle, Puryear, Riddle,
Robbing llogers, Sabw, Sapp, Seward, Shower, Simmons,
Gernt Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H Stanton,
HestorL. Stevens, Straub, Andrew Stuart. John L. Taj lor,
Uphnin, Vail, Van«ant, Wade, Walker, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook,
Wheeler, and Hendrick B. Wiight—8b.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Appleton, Barksdale,
Barry, Caskie, Chrisinan, Clark, Chngman, Cook, John
G. Davis, Dtck, English, Faulkner, Fuller, Greenwood,
Grey, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Wiley P. Harris Hibbard, In-
gersolt, Daniel T. Jones, George W Jones', Roland Jones,
Kittredge, Letcher, McMullin, McQueen, Matteson, Mill-
son, Morgan, Murray, NoWe, Parker, John Perkins. Phelps,
Piatt, R«e -e, Rutlin, Sage, Shaw, Singleton, William
Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Nathaniel
G. Ta>lor, Wells, and Daniel B. Wnght—50.
So the resolution was passed.
Mr. FLORENCE. I*move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
that that motion be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY TO EXTRA PAGE.
Mr. KEITT. I submit the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That Charles P. Coe, who has been acting as
a page on the floor of the House of Representatives during
the present session— ince 5th of December last—be paid the
same amount of pay and compensation as shall he paid to
the regular pages for the same session.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that
resolution. We have too many pages already
here.
Mr. KEITT. This page has been here during
nearly the whole of the present session working
like the other pages, and unless this resolution
pusses, he will not be entitled to one dollar of pay.
He is one of nine children, and his mother is in
straitened circumstances.
Mr. JONES. I would ask the gentleman from
North Carolina by what authority a page more
than the regular number was appointed?
Mr. KEITT. He was appointed by the proper
officer.
Mr. JONES. No officer of this House has such
power.
Mr. KEITT. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, in order that I may submit the resolution.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
The resolution was then adopted.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I would
ask the unanimous consent of the House to take
ahe river and harbor bill from the Speaker's table,
in order that it may be referred to the Committtee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. If the
reference be allowed, I shall pledge myself not to
move to go into committee to consider that bill
until ten o'clock to-night. I speakin behalf of the
friends of that measure, and I should be sorry if
they were to break my pledge. If they attempted
to do it, { should oppose them.
The SPEAKER. Is the gentleman's proposi-
tion agreed to ?
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I object.
Mr. WENTWORTH. 1 move a suspension
of the rules, for the purpose which I have indi-
cated.
The question was put: and, on a division, there
were—ayes sixty-seven 
Mr. WENTWORTH. 1 demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Hughes, were appointed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is known to
both sides of this House that I am as much op-
posed to the river and harbor bill as any gentle-
man in or out of it can be; but I am willing to
meet the question, and I am willing, for one, to
take the bill up, and let a majority of this House
vote upon the amendments of the Senate. If a
majority are for it, let it go to the President, and
let him veto it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. DISNEY. I renew it.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 71, noes 52; not two thirds voting.
Mr. CAMPBELL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; ftnd it was decided in
the negative—yeas 76, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, Banks, Bennett, Benson,
Bine, Bugg, Carnpbe.I, Carpentm, Oaruthers, Chamberlain,
Chandler, Churchwell. Clark, Cook Cox, Crocker, Cul-
lom, Dick, Eastman, Edgertoti, ttdmands, Thomas D. El-
iot, English, Farley, Flagler, Florence, Giddum*. Goodrich,
Grey, Aaron Harlan, Harmon, Haven, Heim, Hill, Howe,
Hughes. Hunt, Johnson, Kno.\, Lmdsley, McCulloch, Mc-
DoiigalJ, Matte&on, Maurice, Morgan, Nohle, Mordecai
Oliver, Parker, Pennington, Pre>ton, Pringle, Purjear,
Reese, Riddle, Rogers, Sabm, Sage, Snpp, Seward, Shan-
non, Simm-'iis, Germ Smith, Hestor L. Stevrns, Andrew
Stuart, David Stuart, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G Tay-
lor, Upham, Vansnnt, Wade, Walley,Eluhu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth, and
Tappan Wentworth—76,
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Willis Allen, Da-
vid J. Bailey, Thomas H.Bayly, Barksdale, Barrj, Belcher,
Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Brooks, Ca<kie, Chas-tatn,
Chngman, Oohh, Craige, John G. Davis, Disney, Edmund-
son, Everhart, Faulkner, Fenton, Gamble, Grow, Andrew
J. Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Hen-
drick*, Hibbard, Ingersoll, Daniel T. Jones, Kittredge,
Kurtz, Lamb, Letcher, Lilly, McMullin, MoNair, Mc-
Queen, Macy, May, Smith Miller, Mill-on, Murray, Orr,
Packer, John Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Ruffin, Shaw, Sin-
gleton, William Smith. George. W. Smyth, Straub, John J.
Taylor, and Daniel B. Wright—57.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
Pending the call of the roll, Mr. Maxwell
stated that he had paired off upon all questions
affecting this bill with Mr. Ball, of Ohio, who
was called home by sickness in his family.
NATIONAL HOTEL COMPANY.
M,r. DAVIS, of Indiana. 1 ask the unanimous
consent of the House to enable me to make a
report from the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
A Member, f^or what purpose?
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to have one bill put
upon its passage, and a few others to be referred
merely.
I wish to report and lmve put'upon us pas-
sage, the bill to incorporate the National Hotel
Company of the city of Wawhin^ton, <tnd i de-
sire to say this one word. I have tried for two
weeks past to get the floor for the purposd*of in-
troducing this bill for Mr. Hamilton, the chair-
man of the committee, who is confined at home
by severe indisposition, and is unable to get here.
I have risen half a dozen times for the purpose of
getting the bill before the House, and now I ask
the unanimous consent of the House to introduce
it, and have it put upon its passage
Mr. JONES, of New York, f object.
Severn) Members. Withdraw your objection.
Mr. DAVIS. The bill is accompanied by on
amendment.
Mr. JONES, of New York. I have not with-
drawn my objection.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I move to suspend the
rules, so as that the bill may be put upon its pas-
sage.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
The bill was then read by the Clerk in extenso.
The following amendments, recommended by
the Committee for the District of Columbia, were
then read:
Sfc. 8. JInd be it further enacted, That each of the stock-
holders in the said National Hotel Company in Washington
city, shall be held liable in his or her individual capacity
for all the debts and liabilities of the t-aid company, how-
ever contracted or incurred, to bp recovered by suit, asother
debts and liabilities, before the courts or tribunals having
jurisdiction of the case.
Sec. 9 -And he it further cncutcl, That it may be lawful
for Congress hereafter to alter, amend, change, or repeal
the foregoing act.
The question was taken upon the amendments;
and they were agreed to
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time, and was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I call for the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the bill, and 1 call
for tellers upon the yens and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question recurring upon the passage of the
bill,
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered, atidMessrs. HueiiEsand
Straub were appointed.
