THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, MAY 22, 1854.
New Series No. 79.
David Stuart, John J. Taylor, Tweed, Vail, Vansant, Wal-
bridge, Walker, Warren, Westbrook, Wittc, Daniel B.
Wright, Hendrick B. Wright,andZollicoffer—122.
So the House refused to adjourn.
[Cries of " Giuestion!"]
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 would make an appeal
to the gentleman from Illinois to withdraw his
call for the previous question until I can make a
suggestion in reference to this bill.
Mr RICHARDSON. The appeal is in vain.
I decline to withdraw the call for the previous
question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman with-
draws his call, I will renew it in three minutes by
the clock.
The question was then taken; and the call for
the previous question received a second.
Thp question then recurred on ordering the
main question to be put.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordeied.
The question was then taken on ordering the
main question to be now put; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis
Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas II. Bayly, Barks-
dale, Barry, Bell, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges,
Caruthers, Caskie, Chastain, Chrisman,Churchwell, Clark,
Ciingman, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Craige, Cumming, Cutting,
John G. Davis, Dawson, Disney, Dowdell, Dunbar, Dun-
ham, Edmundson, John M. Elliott, English, Faulkner,
Florence, Goode, Green, Greenwood, Grev, Hamilton,
Sampson W. Harris, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hill,
Hillyer, Houston, Ingersoll, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Kidwell, Kurtz, Lamb,
Lane, Latham, Letcher, Lilly, Lmdley, Maedonald, Mc-
Dougall, McNair, Maxwell, May, John G. Miller, Smith
Miller, Morrison, Olds, Mordecai,Oliver, Orr, Packer, John
Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Preston, Puryear,
Reese, Richardson, Riddle, Robbins, Rogers, Rowe, Ruffin,
Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth,
Snodgfass, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Alexander H. Stephens, HestorL. Stevens, Straub, David
Stuart, John J. Taylor, Tweed, Vail, Yansant, Walbridee,
Walker, Walsh, Warren, Westhrook, Witte, Darnel B.
Wright, Hendrick B. Wright, and Zollicoffer—117.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball,Banks, Belcher, Bennett, Benson,
Benton, Bugg, Campbell, Carpenter, Chandler, Crockcr,
Cullom,Curtis,ThomasDavis,Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dick-
inson, Drum, Eastman, Edgerton, Edmands, Thomas D.
Eliot, Ellison, Etheridge, Everhart, Farley, Fenton, Flagler,
Fuller, Gamble, Giddmgs, Goodrich, Grow, Aaron Harlan,
Andrew J. Ilarlan, Harrison, Hastings, Haven, Hiester,
Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Kittredge,
Knox, Lindsley, Lyon, McCulloch, Mace, Matteson, May-
all, Meaeham, Middlesvvarth, Millson, Morgan, Murray,
Nichols, Noble, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pe<jk,
Peckham, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Pnngle, David
Ritchie, Thomas Ititchey, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp,
Simmons, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, Stratton, Andrew Stuart,
John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Tracy,
Trout, Upham, Wade, Walley, EHihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth, Tappan Went-
worth, Wheeler, and Yates—94.
So the main question was ordered to be now
put.
Pending the above call,
Mr. READY said: Mr.Speaker, I state as the
reason why I have not voted that I have paired
off with Mr. Seymour, of Connecticut.
Mr. SAGE. I move that the House do now
adjourn; and on that motion demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Sage's motion;
and it was decided in the negative—yeas 85, nays
121; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Ball, Banks, J3elcher, Bennett, Benson
Benton, Campbell, Carpenter, Chandler, Crocker, Cullom,
Curtis, Thomas Davis, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickinson,
Drum, Eastman, Edgerton, Edmands, Thomas D. Ehot,
Ellison, Etheridge, Everhart, Farley, Fenton, FJaglei,
Gamble,Goodrich, Grow, Aaron, Ilarlan, Andrew J. Har-
lan, Hastings, Haven, Hiester, Howe, Hughes, Hunt,
Daniel T. Jones, Kittredge, Knox, Lindsley, McCul-
loch, Mace. Matteson, Meaeham, Middleswarth, Morgan,
Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peck,
Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Pringle, Davnl Ritchie,
Thomas Ritchey, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Simmons,
Skelton, Gerrit Smith, Stratton, Andrew Stuart, John L.
Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Tracy, Trout,
Upham, Wade, Walley, Eilihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth,
Wheeler, and Yates—85.
nays—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis
-\llen, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Barks-
79
dale, Barry, Bell, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges,
Brooks, Caruthers, Caskie, Chastain, Chrisman, Church-
well, Clark, Ciingman, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Craige, Cum-
ming, Cutting, John G. Davis, Dawson, Disney, Dowdell,
Dunbar, Edmuudson, John M. Elliott, English, Faulkner,
Florence, Fuller, Giddings, Goode, Green, Greenwood,
Grey, Hamilton, Sampson W. Harris, Hendricks, Henn,
Hibbard, Hill, Hillyer, Houston, Ingersoll, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Kid-
well, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane, Latham, Letcher, Lilly, Lind
ley, Maedonald, McDougall, McNair, Maxwell, May, John
G. Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Morrison, Olds, Mordecai
Oliver, Oir, Packer, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Powell,
Pratt, Pres-ton, Puryear, Ready, Reese, Richardson, Riddle,
Robbins, Rogers, Rowe, Ruffin, Shannon, Shaw. Shower,
Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R.
Small, George W. Smyth, Snodgrass, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Richard II. Stanton, Alexander il. Stephens, Hestor
Jj. Stevens, Straub, David Stuart, John J. Taylor, Tweed,
Vail, Vansant, Walbridge, Walker, Walsh, Warrei\,
W7e?tbrook, Witte, Daniel B. VViight, Hendrick B. Wright,
and ZolhoofTei—121.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
agreeing with the report of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SAGE. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask for tell-
ers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Bocock were appointed.
The House was then divided on the demand for
the yeas and nays; and the tellers reported fifty-
twu in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the negative—-yeas 97, nays 117; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ball,Banks,Belcher, Bennett, Benson,
Benton, Bugg, Campbell, Carpenter, Chandler, Crocker, j
Cullom, Curtis, Thomas Davis, Dean, De Witt, Dick, ■
Dickinson, Drum, Eastman, Edgerton, Edmands, Thomas
D. Eliot, Ellison, Etheridge, Everhaif, Farley, Fenton,
Flagler, Fuller, Gamble, Giddings,Goodrich, Grow, Aaron
Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Hairison, Hastings, Haven,
Hiester, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,
Kittredge, Knox, Lindsley, Lyon, McCulloch, Mace, Mat-
teson, Mayall, Meaeham, Middleswarth, Morgan, Morrison,
Noble, Mtiri ay,Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peck, Peck-
ham, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Piatt, Pringle, Puryear,
David Ritchie, Thomas Ritchey, Rogers, Russell, Sabin,
Sage, Sapp, Seymour, Simmons, Skelton, Gerrit Smith,
Stratton, Andiew Stuart, John L.Taylor, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Thurston, Tracy, Trout, Upham, Wade, Walley,
ElhhuB. Washburne, Israel Washburn,Wells, John Went-
worth, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, and Yates—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis
Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas II. Bayly, Barksdalo,
Barry, Bell, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Budges, Brooks,
Caruthers, Caskie, Chastain, Chrisman, ChurchwelJ, Clark,
CUngman, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox. Craige, Cumniing, Cut-
ting, John G, Davis, Dawson, Disney, Dowdell, Dunbar,
Dunham, Edmundson, John M. Elliott, English, Faulkner,
Florence, Goode, Green, Greenwood. Grey, Hamilton,
Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris. Hendricks, Henn,
Hibbard, Hill, Hillyer, Houston, Ingersoll, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Kid-
well, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane, Latham, Letcher, Lilly, Lmdley,
Maedonald, McDougall, McNair, Maxwell, May, John G.
Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Packer, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Preston,
Ready, Ree&e, Richardson,Riddle,Robbins, Rowe, Ruffin,
Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth,
Snodgrass, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Alexander II Stephens, Hestor L. Stevens, Straub, David
Stuart, John J. Taylor, Tweed, Vail, Vansant, Walbridge,
Walker, Walsh, Warren, Westbrook, Witte, Daniel B.
Wught, flendnuk B. Wright, and Zollicoffer—117.
So the House refused to concur in the report of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union striking out the enacting clause of the bill.
Mr, RICHARDSON. I now move to amend
the bill by striking out all after the enactingclause,
and inserting in lieu thereof what I send to the
Clerk's desk; and upon that proposition I demand
the previous question.
Mr. HAVEN. I rise to a question of order. I
submit that the previous question is not exhausted,
but is still pending on the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
New York, and for the reason that the proposition
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union was nothing more nor less, in substance, |
than a motion to reject the bill; and it has no such
connection with any oxie of the readings of the
bill as that the previous question would cover both. 11
For instance, the previous question ordered to be i!
put will not cover too readings of a bill, neither
can it cover the report of the committee, which
proposed to reject the bill, and an amendment that
is afterwards offered, or theordering of the bill to
a third reading.
That is the view taken bv the Chair of the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
New York. The gentleman from New York will,
perhaps, remember that upon a motion made—an
unusual one, to be sure—during the present ses-
sion, to reject a bill, precisely this course of pro*
ceeding was had.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to ask the Chair if the
bill does not go to its readings without a question,
if this was analogous to a rejection ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is very clear that
a vote of the House is necessary.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to raise the question
of order, but I have no intention to appeal from
thed ecision of the Chair.
Mr. DEAN. I call for the reading of the sub-
stitute.
Mr. ORR. I ask if the gentleman has a right
to call for the reading of the substitute until the
question is taken upon the demand for the pre-
vious question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no doubt at
all that the gentleman has a right to demand that
the bill be read.
Mr. ORR. If that be correct, could he not call
for its reading afterthepreviousquestionhasbeen
seconded ?
The SPEAKER. Not at all. The bill having
been read once, the gentleman could not call for its
reading the second time.
The Clerk proceeded to read the substitute.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 ask the Chair to put my
motion. I made a motion that the House ad-
journ.
The SPEAKER. The Chair regrets not having
heard the gentleman from New York, as he most
certainly should have entertained the motion.
After the reading of the proposition, the motion
made by him will be put to the House.
The substitute offered by Mr. Richardson wag
then read, as follows:
A BILL to organize the Territories of Nebraska
and Kansas.
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and in-
sert :
That all that part of the territory of the United
States included within the following limits, except
such portions thereof as are hereinafter expressly
exempted from the operations of this act, to wit:
beginning at a point in the Missouri river where
the fortieth parallel of north latitude crosses the
same; thence west on said parallel to the east
boundary of the Territory of Utah, on the summit
of the Rocky Mountains; thence on said summit
northward to the forty-ninth parallel of north lat-
itude; thence east on said parallel to the western
boundary of the Territory of Minnesota; thence
southward on said boundary to the Missouri river;
thence down the main channel of said river to the
place of beginning, be, and same is hereby, created
into a temporary government by the name of the
Territory of Nebraska; and when admitted as a
State or States, the said Territory, or any portion
of the same, shall be received into the Union, with
or without slavery, as their constitution may pre-
scribe at the time of their admission: Provided,
That nothing in this act contained shall be con-
strued to inhibit, the government of the United
States from dividing said Territory into two or
more Territories, in such manner and at such
times as Congress shall deem convenient and
proper, or from attaching any portion of said Ter-
ritory to any other jState or Territory of the Uni-
ted States: Provided further, That nothing in this
act contained shall be construed to impair the
rights of person or property now pertaining to the
Indians in said Territory, so long as such rights
shall remain unextinguished by treaty between the
United States and such Indians, or to include any
territory which, by treaty with any Indian tribe,
is not, without the consent of said tribe, to be
