540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's amend-
ment to strike out the second section is already
pending.
Mr. SMITH. The clause of the Constitution
to which I refer, is this:
" Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all
needful rules and regulations rejecting the territory and
other property of the United States."
The gentleman insists that, under the proper
construction of the word "dispose," Congress
has power to give. Well, sir, if this word has not
already a constitutional construction, there might
be something in the view which the gentleman has
presented. But let me direct the attention of the
committee to this subject. It is known to this
House that the old Congress, under the Confeder-
ation, in 1780, asked that there should be a liberal
cession of the public land, for various considera-
tions set forth in its resolution, it is known that
that cession was made but upon the express con-
ditions which are to be found in the proceedings
of that day, and to which I will call the attention
of this committee.
Among other provisions stipulated by the Con-
gress of 17^3 was the following:
"That all the lands within the territory so ceded to the
United States, and not reserved for, or appropriated to any
of the hef« re mentioned purposes, or dupised of in bounties?
to the officers and soldiers of the American army, should
he considered as a common furid for the use and benefit of
such of the (Jmted American States as have become, or
shall become, members of the Confederation or Federal
alliance of the stud States, Virginia inclusive, according to
their usual respective proportions in the general charge and
expenditure, and should be faithfully and bona fide dnposcd
of for that purpose, and lor no other use or put pose what-
ever."
The committee will observe, that the lands were
to be disposed of; and how? They were to be con-
sidered as a common fund, for the benefit of all the
members of the Confederation, Virginia included.
But let us go a little further, and look to the
terms and conditions upon which Virginia made
this cession. We find, in the compact which she
signed, and which was accepted by Congress, the
following provision:
<s That all the lands within the Territory so ceded to the
United State*, and not reserved for or appropriated to any
ofthe befoie-mentioned purpose?!, or disposed of in bounties
lo the officers and soldiers of ihe American aimy, shall be
consuleicd as a common fund, for the use and benefit of
such of the United American States as have become or
shall become members ofthe Confedciation, or Federal alii
anee of the said States, Virginia inclusive, according to
their usual respective propoitmns in the general charge and
expenditure, and shall bo faithfully and bona fide disposed oj
for that piu pose, and tor no other use or purpose whatever:
Ptovided, That the tru^t hereby reposed in the delegates of
this State shall not be executed unless three ot them, at
least, are present in Congiess."
Again, in the celebrated ordinance which refers
to this subject, I find the following:
"The Legislatures of those districts oi new States shall
neverinterlere with the primary disposal of the soil by the
United Stat's in Congress a.-sembled, nor with any legula-
tioni Congrof. may tind nece^ary lor securing the title in
buch toil lo the bona fide puiciiasors.''
Here, then, I have given you the language used :
by Congress of that day. The words " to dispose ,
oj " are to be found in many of the important pub- j
lie papers of that day in reference made directly
to this bubject. How was the land to be disposed
of? It was to be disposed of by sale, and the pro-
ceeds of the sale weie to go into the Treasury, in
order to be distributed for the common use and
benefit of ail the States. That language thus ex-
pounded is introduced into the Constitution. Jt
is here written, that
" Congress shall have the power to dispose of and make
all needful rule* and regulations respecting the teiritorv or
«th' r pioperty belonging to the United States ; and nothing
in this Conslluuion shall he so construed as to piejudice
any claims o| the United States or oi anj particular State."
How is this property to be disposed of?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I um opposed to the
amendment.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment; and it was decided in the negative.
So the committee refused to strike out the second
section.
The third section was then read:
" And be it further enacted, That all land acquired
under the provisions of this act shall in no event become
liable to the satisfaction of any debt or debts contracted
prioi tu the issuing the patent therefor."
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move to strike out that
section.
I differ with my friend from Virginia, [Mr.
Millsqn,] as I said this morning, in reference to
the constitutional power of Congress over the pub-
lic domain. The Constitution, in as full and com-
prehensive a term as can be found in the English
language, invests the Government with the power
to sell, donate, or convey away these lands. But,
sir, when Congress has disposed of the public
lasds I want to know where the power is to be
found in the Constitution which authorizes Con-
gress to impose upon them any law or any condi-
tions it may chooser When five years have
elapsed the patent is issued, and Congrees has
parted with its title;it has fulfilled its powerunder
the Constitution. It has disposed of the public
lands. And by what right, I ask, by what author-
ity, constitutional or otherwise, upon what prin-
ciple of policy or expediency, can Congress be
justified in fixing to these lands any conditions
'which may and will interfere with the rights and
jurisdiction of the States over the land ?
Why, sir, when we have parted with these
lands we lose all authority over them. It is not
like the power which Congress has to provide
against the alienation of lands, the tule of which
the Government has not yet parted with. It is
not like the proposition which I myself made this
morning, the effect of which was that any condi-
tion or agreement on the part ofthe settler con-
veying away the land granted by this bill befoie
the issuance of the patent, should be considered
void. But when the patent, does issue, the Gov-
ernment ceases all rightful connection, under the
Constitution, with these lands. And 1 say to the
•friends of this bill, that if they pass it with this
section in it, without being authorized to say so,
I shall be much mistaken in the legal knowledge
possessed at the other end of the avenue, if this
bill does not come back to the House vetoed.
That officer will be derelict to his duty if he suf-
fers a bill to pass which provides fur the exer-
cise of a power upon the part of Congress not war-
ranted by the Constitution of the country, in
direct violation of every principle which distin-
guishes the jurisdiction of the States from the
jurisdiction of the Federal Government. Sir, when
we part with these lands, they go to the citizens of
some States, and are regulated by the laws of those
States, When laws are made by those States re-
specting the lands within their jurisdiction, we have
no right to ask that separate and distinct parcels
of land shall be subject to separate and distinct
laws. 3No, sir, they must all come under the laws
and juiisdiction of the States in which they he,
and the effect of those laws cannot in any degree
be influenced by any tenure the Federal Govern-
ment may have to lands, the title to which it has
parted with. The Federal Government has no
right to hold the lands by one tenure and the State
government by another. They must all come
within the jurisdiction of the State; and it would
be in violation of every pnncipleof policy and ex-
pediency to maintain these different tenures, even
if we had the right. It would be m violation of
every principle of policy for the Government to fix
upon lands we have parted with, any condition
which was not fixed by the laws of the State, if
we had the power to do it.
Mr. DAWSON. F must confess a little sur-
prise at the manner in which the gentleman from
Alabama has discussed this question. He com-
mences hra argument by holding up the presiden-
tial veto in advance. 1 desire to ask him by what
authority he announces lo this committee in ad-
vance that the President will veto this bill ?
Mr. P1IILLIPS. I said that I had no authority
for making such an announcement, and the gentle-
man^ question is therefore entirely uncalled for.
Mr. DA WSON. Then what am I understand
by the gentleman's remark?
Mr. PHILLIPS. 1 Raid expressly that I had
no authority for making the assertion, but that if I
was not mistaken in the legal knowledge there is at
the other end of the avenue, this bill would come
back to this House with a veto upon it. The gen-
tleman's question is, therefore, entirely uncalled
for.
Mr. DAWSON. Then the reference to even
an anticipated veto was useless and unnecessary.
I fear no such Executive interposition. The Presi-
dent is the friend of the pioneer, and in his message
he shadows forth a lively interest in behalf of the
actual settler. The question which arises here is
simply this, whether Congress can make a condi-
tional fee. For my part, 1 can see no difficulty in
the matter. The right to annex conditions to
absolute grants has been claimed and exercised by
the States, as well as by the General Government.
The deeds of cession contained conditions, and yet
they conveyed the fee. I refer the gentleman to
the eighth section of the treaty of 1817, by which
a large tract of country in his own State was pur-
| chased from the Cherokee Indians. In that sec-
! tion a provision is made securing a lifetime estate
j to those settling upon the lands, with a reserva-
i tion in fee-simple to the children, reserving to the
i widow her dower. That is still the law of the
j land, and I want to know whether the sovereign
| power of Alabama contested the legality of these
1 conditions, or claimed the right to annul them?
I There has been no clash, then, between the relative
j rights, or jurisdiction of the General Government
j and that of the State government. The condition
' seems to have been acquiesced in by the gentle-
j man's own State as legal and proper. 1 will read
i the section:
! "And to each and every bead of any Indian family re-
i siding on the east side of the Mississippi river, on the lands
j that are now, oj may heieat'ter be, surrendered to Hie (united
i Slates, who'may wish to become citizens of the United
1 States, the United States do agree to give a reseivation of
I six bundled and torty acres ot land, hi a square, to include
' their mipioveinents, which are to he as near the center
! thereof a-s may be practicable, in winch they will have a
i life estate, with a reversion, m fee simple, to their chil-
dren, jesetvmg to the widow her dower, the register of
whose names is to be filed m llie office of the Cherokee
I agent; which shall be kept open until the census is taken,
stipulated m the thud article of this ueaty.'"—Jitt. 8,
Treaty between Cherokee Indict-ns and General Jackson?
Statutes at Large, vol. 7, page 159.
I will also refer the gentleman to the act of
April 19th, 1816, which is styled "An act to en-
able the people of Indiana Territory to form a
constitution and State government, and for the
admission of such State into the Union on an
equal footing with the original States.M It will
appear, by refeience to the sixth section of that
act, that Congress made a direct reservation of the
salt springs lying within that Territory. Whilst
they conveyed to the State the absolute fee of the
lands, they explicitly declared that there should
be no lease of them for a longer period at any one
time than ten years. A provision of similar im-
port was made in the fifth section of the act ad-
mitting Missouri into the Union. I will read the
sections referred to:
"That all salt springs within the said Territory, and the
land reserved for the use ot the same, together with such
other lands as may, by the President ofthe United States,
be deemed necessary and propertor working the said salt
springs, not exceeding, in the whole, the quantity contained
in Ihnty-six quarter sections, shall be granted to the said
State for the use of the people of the said State, the same
to be iiM-d tinder such terms, conditions, and legulations
as the Legislature ofthe said Slate shall direct: Pionded,
That the said Legislatuie shall uevei sell nor lease the
same for a longer period than ten yeais at any one time.n
See. 6, art. k2d. vol. 3. Statutes at I,u?<ic, page 3P0.
Sfc. 2. That all salt springs, not exceeding twelve in
nuinbei, with six sections of land adjoining to each, shall
be giantf'd to the said State for the use of said State, the
same to he selected by the Legislature of the said State,
on or betoie the tii<t dav of Jamuiy, in the veai one thou-
sand eight hundred and twenty live ; and the same, when
so selected, to be used under such term*, conditions, and
regulations as the Legislatme of said State shall duect:
Provided, That no salt spring, the right whereoi now H, or
hereafter shall be, coithi med oi adjudged to any individual
or individuals, shall by this section he gianted to the said
State : And provided, aho, That the Legislature «hall never
sell or len<«; the same, at any one time, for a lunger peuod
than ten yeai s, without the consent of Congress.—Stat idea
at Large, vol. 3, page oil,
I might also refer the gentleman to the act of
the 4th of June, 1832, granting pensions to the
soldiers who served in the war of 1813, (United
States Statutes at Large,vol. 4, page 530,) m which
Congress, after granting the pensions, protects
them against any liability to attachment, levy, or
seizure by any legal process whatever, by State
and national authority. Here is the provision of
the act referred to:
" That the pay allowed by this act shall, under the diiec-
tion ot the Secretary of the Treasury, he paid to llie officer,
iion-comnussiuned officer, musician, or pnvate entitled „
thereto, or his or their authonzed attorney, at such places
and times as the Secretary of the Treasury may direct; and
that no foreign officer shall he entitled to said pay, nor
shfjll any officer, non-commissioned officer, musician, or
piivate receive the same until he furnish the said Secretary
satisfactory evidence that he is entitled to the same, in con-
formity to the provisions of this act; and the pay hereby
allowed shall not be in any way transferable or liable to
attachment, levy, or seizure, by any legal process whatever;
but shall inur* whollv to the personal benefit of the officer,
non commissioned officer, musician, or soldier entitled to
the same."
The power has been exercised, not only as to
chattels, but as to real estate. I think, therefore,
