1250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
included within the territorial limits or jurisdiction
of any State or Territory; but all such territory
shall be excepted but of the boundaries, and con-
stitute no part of the Territory of Nebraska, until
said tribe shall signify their assent to the Presi-
dent of the United States to be included within
the said Territory of Nebraska, or to affect the
authority of the Government of the United States
to make any regulations respecting such Indians,
their lands, property, or other rights, by treaty,
law, or otherwise, which it would have been com-
petent to the Government to make if this act had
never passed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the ex-
ecutive power and authority in and over said Ter-
ritory of Nebraska shall be vested in a Governor,
who shall hold his office for four years, and until
his successor shall be appointed and qualified, un-
less sooner removed by the President of the Uni-
ted States. The Governor shall reside within said
Territory, and shall be commander-in-chief of the
militia thereof. He may grant pardons and res-
pites for offenses against the laws of said Terri-
tory, and reprieves for offenses against the laws
of the United States, until the decision of the
President can be made known thereon; he shall
commission all officers who shall be appointed to
office under the laws of said Territory, and shall
take care that the laws be faithfully executed. .
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be a secretary of said Territory, who shall
reside therein, and hold his office for five years,
unless sooner removed by the President of the
United States; he shall record and preserve all the
laws and proceedings of the Legislative Assembly
hereinafter constituted, and a!l the acts and pro-
ceedings of the Governor in his executive depart-
ment; he shall transmit one copy of the laws and
journals of the Legislative Assembly within thirty
days after the end of each session, and one copy of
the executive proceedings and official correspond-
ence semi-annually, on the first days of January
and July in each year, to the President of the
United States, and two copies of the laws tq the
President of the Senate and to the Speaker nf the
House of Representatives, to be deposited in the
libraries of Congress; and, in case of the death,
removal, resignation, or absence of the Governor
from the Territory, the secretary shall be, and he
is hereby, authorized and required to execute and
perform all the powers and duties of the Governor
during such vacancy or absence, or until another
Governor shall be duly appointed and qualified to
fill such vacancy.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it farther enacted. That the legis-
lative power and authority of said Territory shall
be vested in the Governor and a Legislative As-
sembly. The Legislative Assembly shall consist
of a Council and llouss of Repiesenhitives. The
Council shall eonststof thirteen members, having
the qualifications of voters, as hereinafter pre-
scribed, whose term of service shall continue two
years. The House of Representatives shall, at
its first session, consist of twenty-six members,
possessing the same qualifications as prescribed
for members of the Council, and whose term of'
service shall continue one year. The number of
Representatives may be increased by the Legisla-
tive Assembly, from time to time, in proportion
to the increase of qualified voters: Provided, That
the whole number shall never exceed thirty-nine.
An apportionment shall be made, as nearly equal
as practicable, among the several counties or dis-
tricts, for the election of the Council and Repre-
sentatives, giving to each section of the Territory
representation m the ratio of its qualified voters
as nearly as may be. And the members of the
Council and of the House of Representatives
shall reside in, and be inhabitants of, the district I
or county, or counties, for which they may be
elected, respectively. Previous to the first elec-
tion, the Governor shall cause a census or enu-
meration of the inhabitants and qualified voters of
the several counties and districts of the Territory,
to be taken by such persons, and in such mode,
as the Governor shall designate and appoint; and
the person so appointed shall receive a reasonable
compensation therefor. And the first election
shall be held at such time and places, and be con-
ducted in such manner, both as to the persons who 1
shall superintend such election and the returns
thereof, as the Governor shall appoint and direct;
and he shall at the same time declare the number
of members of the Council and House of Repre-
sentatives to which each of the counties or dis-
tricts shall be entitled under this afct. To persons
having the highest number of legal votes in each
of said council districts for members of the Coun-
cil, shall be declared by the Governor to be duly
elected to the Council; and the persons having the
highest number of legal votes for the House of
Representatives, shall be declared by the Gover-
nor to be duly elected members of said House:
Provided, That in case case two or more persons
voted for shall have an equal number of votes,
and in case a vacancy shall otherwise occur in
either branch of the Legislative Assembly, the
Governor shall order a new election; and the per-
sons thus elected to the Legislative Assembly
shall meet at such place and on such day as the
Governor shall appoint; but thereafter, the time,
place, and manner of holding and conducting all
elections by the people, and the apportioning the
representation in the several counties or districts
to the Council and House of Representatives, ac-
cording to the number of qualified voters, shall be
prescribed by law, as well as the day of the com-
mencement of the regular sessions of the Legis-
lative Assembly: Provided. That no session in
any one year shall exceed the term of forty days,
except the first session, which may continue sixty
days.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That every
free white male inhabitant above the age of
twenty-one years, who shall be an actual resident
of said Territory, and shall possess the qualifica-
tions hereinafter prescribed, shall be entitled to
vote at the first election, and shall be eligible to
any office within the said Territory, but the qual-
ifications of voters, and of holding office, at all
subsequent elections, shall be such as shall be
prescribed by the Legislative Assembly: Provided,
That the right of suffrage and of holding office
shall be exercised only by citizens of the United
States, and those who shall have declared on oath
their intention to become such, and shall have
taken an oath to support the Constitution of the
United States and the provisions of this act: And
provided further, That no officer, soldier, seaman,
or marine, or other person in the Army or Navy
of the United States, or attached to troops in the
service of the United States, shall be allowed to
vote or hold office in said Territory, by reason of
being on service therein.
Sec . 6. And be it further enacted, That the legis-
lative power of the Territory shall extend to all
rightful subjects of legislation consistent with the
Constitution of the United States and the provis-
ions of this act; but no law ehall be passed inter-
fering with the primary disposal of the soil; no
tax shall be imposed upon the property of the
United States; nor shall the lands or other prop-
erty of non-residents be taxed higher than the
lands or other property of residents. Every bill
which ehall have passed the Council and House of
Representatives of the said Territory shall, before
it become a law, be presented to the Governor of
the Territory; if he approve, he shall sign it; but
if not, he shall return it with his objections to the
House in which it originated, who shall enter the
objections at large on their journal, and proceed
to reconsider it. If, after such reconsideration,
two thirds of that House shall agree to pass the
bill, it shall be sent, together with the objections,
to the other Rouse, by which it shall likewise be
reconsidered, and if approved by two thirds of
that house, it shall become a law. But in all such
cases the votes of both Houses shall be determined
by yeas and nays, to be entered on the journal of
each House respectively. If any bill shall not
be returned by the Governor within three days
(Sundays excepted) after it shall have been pre-
sented to him, the same shall be a law in like
manner as if he had signfed it, unless the Assem-
bly, by adjournment, prevent its return, in which
case it shall not be a law.
Sec. 7. And be itfuitker enacted,That all town-*
ship, district, and county officers, not herein other-
wise provided for, shall be appointed or elected,
as the case may be, in such manner as shall be
provided by the Governor and Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of Nebraska. The Gov-
ernor shall nominate, and, by and with the advice
and consent of the Legislative Council, appoint all
officers not herein otherwise provided for; and in
the first instance the Governor alone may appoint
all said officers, who shall hold their offices until
the end of the first session of the Legislative
Assembly; and shall layoff the necessary districts
for members of the Council and House of Repre-
sentatives, and all other officers.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That no mem-
ber of the Legislative Assembly shall hoid, or be
appointed to, any office which shall have been
created, or the salary or emoluments of which
shall have been increased while he was a member,
during the term for which he was elected, and for
one year after the expiration of such term; but
this restriction shall not be applicable to members
of the first Legislative Assembly;- and no person
holding a commission or appointment under the
United States, except postmasters, shall be a
member of the Legislative Assembly, or shall hold
any office under tne government of said Territory.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the judi-
cial power of said Territory shall be vested in a
supreme court, district courts, probate courts, and
injustices of the peace. The supreme court shall
consist of a chief justice and two associate justices,
any two of whom shall constitute a quorum, and
who shall hold a term at the seat of government
of said Territory annually, and they shall hold
their offices during the period of four years, and
until their successors shall be appointed and qual-
ified. The said Territory snail be divided into
three judicial districts, and a district court shall
be held in each of said districts by one of the
justices of the supreme court, at such times and
places as may be prescribed by law; and the said
judges shall, after their appointments, respectively,
reside in the districts which shall be assigned them.
The jurisdiction of the several courts herein pro-
vided for, both appellate and original, and that of
the probate courts and of justices of the peace,
shall be as limited by law: Provided, That justices
of the peace shall not have jurisdiction of any
matter in controversy when the title or boundaries
of land may be in dispute, or where the debt or
sum claimed shall exceed one hundred dollars;
and the said supreme and district courts, respect-
ively, shall possess chancery as well as common
law jurisdiction. Each district court, or the judge
thereof, shall appoint its clerk, who shall aiso be
the register in chancery, and shall keep his office
at the place where the court may be held. Writs
of error, bills of exception, and appeals, shall be
allowed in all cases from the final decisions of said
district courts to the supreme court, under such
regulations as may be prescribed by law; but in
no case removed to the supreme court shall trial
by jury be allowed in said court. The supreme
court, or the justices thereof, shall appoint its
own clerk, and every clerk shall hold his office
at the pleasure of the court for which he shall
have been appointed. Writs of error, and appeals
from the final decisions of s&id supreme court,
shall be allowed, and may be taken to the Su-
preme Court of the United States in the same
manner and under the same regulations as from
the circuit courts of the United States, where
the value of the property, or the amount in con-
troversy, to be ascertained by the oath or affirm-
ation of either party, or other competent witness,
shall exceed one thousand dollars; except only
that in all cases involving title to slaves, the said
writs of error or appeals shall be allowed and
decided by the said supreme court, without
regard to the value of the matter, property, or
title in controversy; and except also that a writ
of error or appeal shall also be allowed to the
Supreme Court of the United States, from the
decision of the said supreme court cieated by this
act, or of any judge thereof, or of the district
courts created by this act, or of any judge thereof,
upon any writ of habeas corpus, involving the
question of personal freedom: Provided, That
nothing herein contained shall be construed to
apply to or affect the provisions to the "act re-
specting fugitives ft om justice, and persons escap-
ing from the service of their masters,"approved
February twelfth, seventeen hundred and ninety-
three, and the " act to amend and supplementary to
the aforesaid act," approved September eighteen,
eighteen hundred and fifty; and each of the said
district courts shall have and exercise the same
jurisdiction in all cases arising under the Consti-
tution and laws of the United Statas as is vested
in the circuit and district courts of the United
States; and the said supreme and district courts
of the said Territory, and the respective judges
thereof, shall and may grant writs of habeas cor-
pus in all cases in which the same are granted by
