1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1251
the judges of the United States in the District of
Columbia; and the first six days of every term of
said courts, or so much thereof as shall be neces-
sary, shall be appropriated to the trial of causes
arising under the said Constitution and laws, and
writs of error and appeal in all such cases shall
be made to the supreme court of said Territory,
the same as in other cases. The said clerk shall
receive in all such cases the same fees which the
clerks of the district courts of Utah Territory now
receive for similar services.
Sec. 10. A >ul be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of an act entitled " An act respecting
fugitives from justice, and persons escaping from
the service of their masters," approved February
twelve, seventeen hundred and ninety-three, and
the provisions of theact entitled " An act to amend,
and supplementary to, the aforesaid act, "approved
September eighteen, eighteen hundred and fifty,
be, and the same are hereby, declared to extend
to and be in full force within the limits of said
Territory of Nehraska.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be appointed an attorney for said Territory,
who shall continue in office for four years, and
until his successor shall be appointed and qualified,
unless sooner removed by the President, and who
shall receive the same fees and salary as the attor-
ney of the United States for the present Territory
of Utah. There shall also be u marshal for the
Territory appointed, who shall hold his office for
four years, and until his successor shall be ap-
pointed and qualified, unless sooner removed by
the President, and who shall execute all processes
issuing from the said courts when exercising their
jurisdiction as circuit and district courts of the
United States; he shall perform the duties, be sub-
ject to the same regulation and penalties, and be
entitled to the same fees, as the marshal of the
district court of the United States for the present
Territory of Utah, and shall, in addition, be paid
two hundred dollars annually as a compensation
for extra services.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That the Gov-
ernor, secretary, chief justice, and associate jus-
tices, attorney, and marshal, shall be nominated,
and, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, appointed by*he President of the United
States. The Governor and secretary to be ap-
pointed as aforesaid, shall, before they act as such,
respectively take an oath or affirmation before the
district judge or some justice of the peace in the
limits of said Territory, duly authorized to ad-
minister oaths and affirmations by the laws now
in force therein, or before the chief justice or some
associate justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States, to support the Constitution of the
United States, and faithfully to discharge the du-
ties of their respective offices, which said oaths,
when so taken, shall be certified by the person by
whom the same shall have been taken; and such
certificates shall be received and recorded by the
said secretary among the executive proceedings;
and the chief justice and associate justices, and all
other civil officers in said Territory, before they
act as such, shall take a like oath or affirmation
before the said Governor or secretary, or some
judge or justice of the peace of the Territory who
may be duly commissioned and qualified, which
said oath or affirmation shall be certified and trans-
mitted by the person taking the same to the secre-
tary, to be by him recorded as aforesaid; and after-
wards, the like oath or affirmation shall be taken,
certified, and recorded in such manner and form
as may be prescribed by law. The Governor
shall receive an annual salary of two thousand
five hundred dollars. The chief justice and asso-
ciate justices shall each receive an annual salary
of two thousand dollars. The secretary shall re-
ceive an annual salary of two thousand dollars.
The said salaries shall be paid quarter-yearly,
from the dates of the respective appointments,
at the Treasury of the United^States; but no such
payment shall be made untii said officers shall
have entered upon the duties of their respective
appointments. The members of the Legislative
Assembly shall be entitled to receive three dollars
each per day during their attendance at the ses-
sions thereof, and three dollars each for every
twenty miles' travel in going to and returning from
the said sessions, estimated according to the
nearest usually traveled route; and an additional
allowance of three dollars shall be paid to the pre-
siding officer of each House for each day he shall
so preside. And a chief clerk, one assistant
clerk, a sergeant-at-arms, and doorkeeper, may
be chosen for each House; and the chief clerk shall
receive four dollars per day, and the said other
officers three dollars per day, during the session
of the Legislative Assembly; but no other officers
shall be paid by the United States: Provided, That
there shall be but one session of the Legislature
annually, unless, on an extraordinary occasion,
the Governor shall think proper to call the Legisla-
ture together. There shall be appropriated, an-
nually, the usual sum, to be expended by the
Governor, to defray the contingent expenses of the
Territory, including the salary of a clerk of the
executive department; and there shall also be ap-
propriated, annually, a sufficient sum, to be ex--
pended by the secretary of the Territory, and
upon an estimate to be made by the Secretary of
the Treasury of the United States, to defray the
expenses of the Legislative Assembly, the printing
of the laws, and other incidental expenses; and
the Governor and secretary of the Territory shall,
in the disbursement of all moneys intrusted to
them, be governed solely by the instructions of
the Secretary of the Treasury of the United States,
and shall, semi-annually, account to the said Sec-
retary for the manner in which the aforesaid
moneys shall have been expended; and noexpend-
iture shall be made by said Legislative Assembly
for. objects not specially authorized by the acts of
Congress making the appropriations, nor beyond
the sums thus appropriated for such objects.
Sec. 13. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Nebraska
shall hold its first session at such time and place
in said Territory as the Governor thereof shall
appoint and direct; and at said first session, or as
soon thereafter as they shall deem expedient, the
Governor and Legislative Assembly shall proceed
to locate and establish the seat of government for
such Territory at such place as they may deem
eligible; which place, however, shall thereafter be
subject to be changed by the said Governor and
Legislative Assembly.
Sec. 14. Jlnd be it further enacted, That a Dele-
gate to the House of Representatives of theUnited
States, to serve for the term of two years, who
shall be a citizen of the United States, may Ije
elected by the voters qualified to elect members of
ths Legislative Assembly, who shall be entitled
to the same rights and privileges as are exercised
and enjoyed by the Delegates from the several
other Territories of the United States to the said
House of Representatives, but the Delegate first
elected shall hold his seat only during the term of
the Congress to which he shall be elected. The
first election shall be held at such time and places,
and be conducted in such manner, as the Governor
shall appoint and difect; and at all subsequent
election's the times, places, and manner of holding
the elections shall be prescribed bylaw. The per-
son having the greatest number of votes shall be
declared by the Governor to be duly elected, and
a certificate thereof shall be given accordingly.
That the Constitution, and all laws of the United
States, which are not locally inapplicable, shall
have the same force and effect within the said Ter-
ritory of Nebraska as elsewhere in the United
States, except the eighth section of the act pre-
paratory to the admission of Missouri into the
Union, approved March sixth, eighteen hundred
and twenty, which, being inconsistent with the
principle of non-intervention by Congress with
slavery in the States and Territories, as recog-
nized by the legislation of eighteen hundred and
fifty, commonly called the compromise measures,
is hereby declared inoperative and void; it being
the true intent and meaning of this act not to
legislate slavery into any Territory or State, nor
to exclude it therefrom, but to leave the people
thereof perfectly free to form and regulate their
domestic institutions in their own way, subject
only to the Constitution of the United States:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
construed to revive or put in force any law or regu-
lation which may have existed prior to the act of
sixth March, eighteen hundred and twenty, either
protecting, establishing, prohibiting, or abolish-
ing slavery.
Sec. 15. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there
shall hereafter be appropriated, as has been cus-
tomary for the territorial governments, a suffi-
cient amount, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the said Governor of the Territory of
Nebraska, not exceeding the sums heretofore ap-
propriated for similar objects, for the erection of
suitable public buildings at the seat of govern-
ment, and for the purchase of a library, to be kept
at the seat of government for the use of the Gov-
ernor, Legislative Assembly, judges of the su-
preme court, secretary, marshal, and attorney of
said Territory, and such other persons, and under
such regulations, as shall be prescribed by law.
Sec . 16. Jlnd be it further enacted, That when
the lands in the said Territory shall he surveyed
under the direction of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, preparatory to bringing the same info
market, sectioYis numbered sixteen and thirty-six
in each township in said Territory shall be, and
the same are hereby, reserved for the purpose of
being applied to schools in said Territory, and in
the States and Territories hereafter to be erected
out of the same.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted. That until
otherwise provided by law, the Governor of said
Territory may define the judicial districts of said
Territory, and assign the judges who may be ap-
pointed for said Territory to the several districts;
and also appoint the times and places for holding
courts in the several counties or subdivisions in
each of said judicial districts by proclamation, to
be issued by him; but the Legislative Assembly, at
their first or any subsequent session, may organ-
ize, alter, or modify such judicial districts, and
assign the judges, and alter the times and places
of holding the courts, as to them shall seem proper
and convenient.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That all offi-
cers to be appointed by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, for the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska, who, by virtue of the provis-
ions of any law now existing, or which may be
enacted dining the present Congress, are required
to give security for moneys that may be intrusted
with them for disbursement, shall give such secu-
rity, at such time and place, and in such man-
ner, as the Secretary of the Treasury may pre-
scribe.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That all that
part of the territory of the United States included
within the following limits, except such portions
thereof as are hereinafter expressly exempted from
the operations of this act, to wit: beginning at a
point on the western boundary of the State of Mis-
souri, where the thirty-seventh parallel of north
latitude crosses the same; thence west on said
parallel to the eastern boundary of New Mexico;
thence north on said boundary to latitude thirty-
eight; thence following said boundary westward to
the east boundary of theTerritory of Utah, on the
summit of the Rocky Mountains; thence north-
ward on said summit to the fortieth parallel of lat-
itude; thence east on said parallel to the western
boundary of the State of Missouri; thence south
with the western boundary of said State to the
place of beginning, be, and the same is hereby,
created into a temporary government by the name
of the Territory of Kansas; and when admitted
as a State or States, the said Territory, or any
portion of the same, shall be received into the
Union, with or without slavery, as their constitu-
tion may prescribe at the time of their admission:
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall
be construed to inhibit the Government of the
United States from dividing said Territory into
two or more Territories, in such manner and at
such times as Congress shall deem convenient and
proper, or from attaching any portion of said
Territory to any other State or Territory of the
United States: Provided further, That nothing in
this act contained shall be construed to impair the
rights of person or property now pertaining to
the Indians in said Territory, so long as such
rights shall remain unextinguished by treaty be-
tween the United States and such Indians, or to
include ^any territory which, by treaty with any
Indian tribe, is not, without the consent of said
tribe, to be included within the territorial limits
or jurisdiction of any State or Territory; but all
such territory shall be excepted out of the bound-
aries, and constitute no part of the Territory ot
Kansas, until said tribe shall signify their assent
to the President of the United States to be in-
cluded within the said Territory of Kansas, or to
affect the authority of the Government of the
United States to make any regulation respecting
such Indians, their lands, property, or other rights,
by treaty, law, or otherwise, which it would have
