2110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
ministration which has ever exercised power in
this country, has my name, directly or indirectly,
been presented to any President or Cabinet Minis-
ter for office. The letter written by me, and now
to be published, is one recommending a most ex-
cellent and competent mechanic to the post of
master armorer at Harpet's Ferry. I made that
recommendation, not only from my own sense of
its propriety, but because urged and instructed to
do so by a large body of my constituents. That
letter has been eviscerated from the files of the
War Department, where it has been permitted to
slumber for more than twelve months, and is now
laid before this House for the avowed and sole ob-
ject of detracting from the great weight and influ-
ence of the evidence of Adam Rhuleman, by seek-
ing to show that he was interested in the change
of superintendency at Harper's Ferry.
I cannot see how this fact can support the con-
clusion sought to be drawn from it. His applica-
tion for the post was made, and his testimony
given, under the military superintendency. H e did
not come forward as a volunteer to testify. He
was brought before the committee by the stern
mandateof this House, and hisevidence is marked
by ail that clearness, force, and caution which dis-
tinguishes an honest and truthful witness. 1
know Mr. Rhuieman well, and I know him to
possess a reputation for tiuth not excelled by any
of his assailants. I feel proud of the interest
which 1 have taken in his advancement. I des.red
him to fill the place of a man at Harper's Ferry,
who had by his partisan conduct rendered himself
unworthy of the post. The Secretary of War,in
my judgment, eired most grossly in permuting
him to remain in office one hour after he had him-
self pronounced a severe official judgment upon
his conduct; and I here assert that the interests of
the Government could not have been better sub-
served than by the appomtmentof Mr. Rhuleinan
to the place to which I recommended him, and
which he is so eminently qualified to fill.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I did not in-
tend to convey any such impression.
Mr. KEITT. Mr. Speaker, I did not expect
to engage in any discussion upon this subject
again this session. The information just com-
municated to the House by the Secretary of War,
in conformity with a resolution of this body, 1
have not had time to examine. I desire, however',
to have it printed, as it throws light upon the evi-
dence submitted to the special committee as to the
change of superintendence of the armories. My
friend from Massachusetts (Mr. Dickinson] sub-
mitted his resolution to me before offering it to
the House, i concurred in the propriety of get-
ting the information called for in it, as it would
hereafter enable the House to act with more de-
liberation, and with more fullness of knowledge.
I had hfttyd that most of the witnesses who tes-
tified before tfie committee, hud been dismissed
for good cause from the arm-u and were again
applying for admission into the armories, <;r were
applying for offices in it, and if employed, were
making applications for nigher offices. I under-
stood, too, that some of the commissioners who
had been appointed to examine into the condition
and management of the armories, and who had
conducted an examination into the one at Spring-
field, had made application for the superintend-
ency of one or more of said armories. This
information 1 desired the House to be put in
possession of. In every civilized community a
witness is ruled from the stand who has a personal
and specific interest in the issue. The House
adopted the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,] as ! conceived, upon
the testimony of these witnesses, and the repoit
of these commissioners. Now, sir, if it appeared
that all, or nearly ail of these persons, upon whose
statements and advice this charge was made, were
personally interested in the i.-sue of the cause
m which their testimony was given, might f not
expect or hope that the House would review its
decision ?
Mr. VANSANT. Does the gentleman from
South Carolina say all the witnesses were appli-
cants ?
Mr. KEITT. I am not sure, but I think all
were.
Mr. VANSANT. Mr. Hobbs was not; he
left the armory because of vile oppression.
Mr. KEITT. 1 am sick, sir, sick of this cry
g)f oppression—oppression. Oppression has been
rung in our ears with as much sobbing tenacity .
as Ophelia cried " Willow, willow." $ should
hke to h^ar or see some proof of the oppression,
apart from declamation. My friend from Mary-
land [Mr. Vansant] is honest, perfectly honest;
but I cannot agree with him that oppression has
been proved in any case. 1 may be mistaken,
sir, in saying thatevery witness was an applicant,
but I have heard that nearly all were. However,
sir, the communication from the Secretary of ,
War will show everything.
♦ 1 was saying, sir, that if all, or nearly all, of
those upon whose statements or advice the change
in the management of the armories was made, ,
were interested in the result, would not the House :
regard their testimony as biased and umeliafcle, ,
and its own decision, thus influenced, as unwise ? |
I repeat, sir, that in every civilized community !
a witness is ruled from the stand, if he has "a :
personal interest in the issue of the case he pro-
poses to testify in, unless he releases such interest. ,
These witnesses, it is said, have such interest, and j
have not ieleased—will they be unprejudiced wit- i
nesses? Interest, sir, unconsciously warps. Ii
did think, sir, that with these material, important, I
and flagrant facts brought to the attention of the
House, us decision would be reviewed. 1 thought
so, because it was a matter of prime interest with
us all—with each of us. All of our constituencies
are interested in the profitable and economical
management of these armories, and in the efficient
and skillful manufacture of arms. They are in-
terested in their profitable management, because
they pa£ the taxes out of which they are sup-
ported, a'rid they are interested in the skillful man-
ufacture of arms, because their sons and kinsmen,
or friends and neighbors, may commit, m battle,
their lives and honor upon their efficiency. I did
think then, sir, that the House would review a
materia! change like this, when the testimony
upon which it made it was destroy ed Here, too,
I may say that 1 have heard, and other members
have heard, of tin eats and rumors of expulsion,
when this change has been consummated.
. It will be remembered that, when the change
was under discussion, 1 told the committee that
it would inure to the benefit of the politicians.
Yes, sir, in a struggle, the " spoils" will go to
them. Sir, I believed that behind the " masked
battery" of the " mechanics," they were firing
upon the public interest and theTreasury. This
belief has been deepened by recent rumors. We
have been told here that intriguers for the change
in the management of the armoiies, and for put-
ting them under the control, as it is said, of " ci-
vilians," have threatened the expulsion of every
mechanic who did not aid and cooperate for the
procurement of this change. Yes, sir, these
" mechanics," whose interests are so dear, are to
be sacrificed, unless they belong; to the agitanng
and iutuguing poition of them. If they dare to
uphold the punlic interest, if they dare to uphold
the most profitable managementof the armories,
if they dare to lefuse participation in a scheme of
agitation to change an existing law, they are to
be sacrificed. Yes, sir, in a scheme of agitation,
those who will not share in the plot are to be offered
up as a holocaust to appease the vengeance of the
intriguers. And this is protection to the " me-
chanical interest." If this be protection, then God
save the mark !
Let me ask the House, sir, to look this matter
in the eye. It is said that the mechanics in the
armofies, who refused to agitate for the change, in
the evept of the consummation of such change, are
to be dismissed. Sir, 1 fear that this is a prelude
to a political saturnalia. I fear you will make
these armories political shambles. Threatening**
of these expulsions have already come to us; and
when the change is made, the shrift will be short,
and the death warrant quickly made out. Sir, can
it be that the o+rty men in our land trained up by
special Instruction to superintend the manufacture
of arms, are to be excluded from such office ? Can
it be, s r, that the Administration is to be excluded
in the selection of its agents from that class spe-
cially instructed to the performance of the duties
involved in the office to be filled ?
Mr. Speaker, I will not trouble the House fur-
ther. 1 desired to invoke its attention to the fact
that many of the witnesses were interested
Mr, VANSANT. If you want disinterested
witnesses, where will you get them ?
Mr. KEITT. Sir, I will only say that one of
the witnesses came from my own State, [Major
Huger.] His family is one of revolutionary re-
nown. His name one which gems the brightest
page of the history of my own State. He won
laurels, too, in the Mexican war. He had been
superintendent at Harper's Ferry, but was not
when examined before us. He told me he went
there as a matter of duty only, and it^i/as regarded
by all the officers as unpleasant duty, tie re-
ceived no compensation as superintendent, and
was subjected to continual annoyance and perse-
cution. Sir, he was a disinterested witness.
Mr ORAIGE. I hope the gentleman from
Kentucky will send up to the Clerk's desk and
have read the letter written by him to the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
Mr. STANTON. Certainly; I have no objection.
The letter was then read by the Clerk.
Mt. STANTON. I am ready_ to say, and re-
peat what I said before, that this was the only
document, in reference to this matter, which went
to the Department; and this was wnrten at the re-
quest of General Armstrong:. I make the motion
to reconsider, in order to afford the Secretary of
the Interior an opportunity to correct the eiror
which I am sure he has unintentionally committed,
with respect to this matter. I want but the facts
as they really existed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, moved to lay
the motion t>> reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken; and, upon a division,
there were—ayes 40, noes not counted.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The question was then taken upon the recon-
sideration; and, upon a division,therewere—ayes
35, noes not counted.
So the House refused to reconsider tire vote.
The rules were then suspended; and it was
Ordered, That for hal fan hour reports be received from
coiiuintletis for reference only, and tli.it should nut give use
to debate.
Mr. HiBBARD, from theCommittee of Ways
and Means, to whom was referred Senate bill
(No. 380) " to authorize the coinage of gold pieces
of the value respectively of ten eagles and five
eagles, and for other purposes," reported the same
back to the House with an amendment, in the
nature of a substitute.
Mr. McDOUGALL asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to put the bill upon its passage.
Mr. ORR objected.
Objection being made to the passage of the bill,
it was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HIBBARD. The Committee of Ways
and Means have also instructed me to repoit b<.u k
House bill No. 336, entitled " An act making ap-
propriations for the service of the Post Office
Department for ^ie fiscal year ending June 30,
1855." There are seven amendments to the hill,
adopted by the Senate, m two of which the
Committee of Ways arid Means recommend con-
currence. Those two are Nos. 1 and 4. In the
rest of the Senate's amendments the committee
recommend non-concurrence. 1 hope the House
will now proceed to consider these amendments.
The Senate's amendments make appropriations.
With the consent of the House, we can act upon
them without referring the hill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union .
The SPEAKER. If objection be made, the
bill and amendments must go to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HAVEN, i object.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill and amend-
ments must go to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. HAYEN. Is the bill so referred now?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HAVEN. By what process?
The SPEAKER. By the order of the House
that bills should be reported by the committees,
and reported without debate. By the unanimous
consent of the House the rules were suspended
for that purpose.
Mr. HAVEN. Well, I ask the Speaker how
this bill was put in the position that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means could report on it?
The SPEAKER. It was referred to that com-
mittee this morning.
Mr. HAVEN. X beg pardon of the Speaker
