1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
543
Provided however, That no entry, authorized by virtue
of this act, shall be construed to extend to the lands ceded
to the United States by Virginia, and other States, prior to
the adoption of the Constitution.
Mr. FAULKNER.. Mr. Chairman, if the gra-
tuity intended by this bill was restricted to those
lands which have been acquired by purchase un-
der the present Government it would remove one
difficulty which I have in yielding it my support.
But, surrendering as it does for gratuitous settle-
ment the lands which were acquired by cession
from Virginia and other States, prior to the adop-
tion of the Constitution, I do not see how we can
dispose of them in the manner here contemplated
without a palpable violation of the trust upon
which those cessions were made and accepted.
We have been told, by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Dawson,] that the Constitution m
giving to Congress the power to dispose of the ter-
ritory belonging to the United States has invested
it with a plenary and unlimited discretion in the
disposition of the public lands. This might be so
if the Confederation had not accepted the cession
from Virginia, subject to certain conditions an-
nexed to the grant. Is there anything in the Con-
stitution which abrogates these conditions?
General Jackson, in his message in 1833, com-
municating to Congress the reasons of his veto of
Mr. Clay's land bill, with great truth, says:
" The Constitution of the United States did not delegate
to Congress the power to abrogate thesecompacts. On the
contrary, by declaim# that nothing in it i shall he so con-
itiued ua to piejtulue any claim's oj the United States,orof
any twit tar Stuff,' it vmnally provides that these com-
pact's, and the rights they secure, sdmll remain untouched
by the legislative power, which ^hall only make all ' need-
ful rules and regulations* tor carrying them 'into effect.1
All beyond tins would seem to be an assumption of dele-
gated power."
Now, sir, I ask the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, who reported this biil, and who so warmly
advocates it, to examine the condition which Vir-
ginia has annexed to her cession of that immense
northwestern territory, and then let him vindicate,
if he can, his bill from the charge which I now
make against it, of a palpable violation of the
trust created by that grant. This cession was not
made to the United States as a nation; it was made
before the present Constitution was adopted or
even thought of. It was made to the States, as
States, in their State capacity, Virginia inclusive.
Here is the condition:
" That all the lands within the Territory so ceded, &c.,
shall be coriMdeied a common fund for the u*e and benefit
of c-uch of the United States a:> have become, <>i i-.ti.il! be-
come, mcmbeis of the Confederation, or Federal alliance
ot the said States, Virginia inclusive, according to their
usunl respective proportions m the general charge and ex-
penditure* and shall be faithfully and bona fide disposed of
jor that purpose, and for no o'hera se or purpose whatever."
It is scarcely necessary to say, that under the
terms of this cession a great public and national
trlist was created and assumpd by this Govern-
ment. Such has been the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States in the case of Jackson
vs. Clark, (1 Peters, 635.)
Mr. Clay's celebrated land bill, which proposed
a distribution of the proceeds of the public lands
amongst the States according to their Federal rep-
resentation, was vetoed by General Jackson, and
denounced by the whole Democratic party, be-
cause, as it was said, regardless of this binding
compact, it assumed that the United States was
the unconditional owner of these lands. If this
was a correct position as to Mr. Clay's bill, with
how much greater force does it apply to a bill that
is confessedly and avowedly based upon that as-
sumption, and which makes a sweeping and abso-
lute gift of the public domain without the slightest
regard to the rights so jealously guarded in the deed
of cession ? We heard something the other day
about an Executive veto. I know nothing of the
views of the President in regard to this bill. But
it would seem to me 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think we had better get
along with this bill in its present shape, and I
hope no amendment will be adopted. Therefore I
am opposed to it.
The question was taken upon Mr. Faulkner's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the motion to
strikeout the fourth section, it was put, and de-
cided in the negative.
Mr. ELLTSON. I pioposeto amend the fourth
section of the bill by striking out, after the word
i{ the," in the fourth line, the words " issuing the
patent," and insert in lieu thereof the words, "time
at which a patent may issue," so that the section
will read:
That all land acquired under the provisions of this act
shall in no event become liable to the satisfaction of any
debt, or debts, contracted prior to the time at winch a pat-
ent may issue therefor."
The object of my amendment is to make this
section harmonious with the second section. It is
provided in the second section, that at the end of
five years, upon proofof residenceand cultivation,
that a patent may issue for the one hundred and
sixty acies of land. Now, if a person shall go
and reside upon these lands, and cultivate them,
and yet chooses not to take out a patent therefcr
for ten or fifteen years, that land will, during all
that period, not be liable for any debts contracted
prior to the issuing of the patent therefor. As I
said before, my object is to maketheland liable nt
the end of five years—the time at which a patent
may issue therefor—for all debts contracted sub-
sequent thereto. That amendment will make the
section harmonious with the second section, and
make the land subject to subsequent debts.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I think the amend-
ment unnecessary, and therefore I oppose it.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to.
No furtheramendment beino; offered to the fourth
section, the Clerk read the fifth section, as follows:
Jind be it further enacted, That if any individual now a
res-ident of any one of tin; States or Tmitones-, and not a
citizen ot the United States, but, at the ume of making -uch
application foi the benefit of this act, s-hall have tiled a dec-
laration of intention, as required by the naturalization laws
ol the United States, and shall become a citizen ofihe^atne
befoie the issuance of the patent, as made anil piovnkd toi
in this act, he. shall he placed upon an equal looting with
the native-horn citizen of the United States.
Mr. DEAN. 1 move to strike out the word
" now" in the second line.
I do not propose to debate this matter, but I think
wearemakmgan unnecessary discrimination here.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Will the gentleman
from New York state the effect of his amendment?
Mr. DEAN. The effect of this amendment
will be to allow persons who emigrate and declare
their intentions after the passage of this act to re-
ceive the benefits of this bill the same as if they
had declared their intentions before the passage of
the act. I am not in favor of the restriction con-
tained in this section. I think that a man who de-
clares his intention to become a citizen the next
week or the next year after it is passed ought to
receive the benefits of this bill upon every prin-
ciple of justice, as the man who has declared his
intentions before the act goes into effect. I am
utterly opposed to making a discrimination be-
tween any class of persons, no matter where they
were born, or from what country they emigrated.
The principle upon which the bill is founded,
and on which only it can be defended, is occu-
pancy and settlement; and I see no reason for
making the time when a declaration of intention to
become a citizen is filed a ground for discrimina-
tion.
Mr. DAWSON. I insist thattheprovisions of
the bill shall be confined to those persons who are
now residents and citizens of the United States. I
therefore object to the amendment of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Dean.]
Mr. WADE. I propose to amend the section
in line two, by striking out the words " individ-
ual now" and to insert in the third line the word
" who" between the words "but", and at."
The CHAIRMAN. The question must be first
taken upon the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Dean.] That will not preclude
the gentleman from Ohio from offering his amend-
ment afterwards.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Dean's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I now offer the amendment al-
ready sent to the Clerk's table.
I do not wish to trouble the committee with re-
marks upon this matter, but it does seem to me
that it is perfectly idle for us to make any prohi-
bition here with regard to foreigners, for it will not
be three years before this whole subject will again
be revived for the benefit of those who hereafter
arrive in the country and apply for citizenship;
and who will become, upon the principle of citi-
zenship, entitled to receive the same benefits from
the Government that those who are now residents
are entitled to.
The evil of the legislation now asked for is that
in a few years the same thing will be repeated over
and over again. There is no use in talking about
confining it to the present time. These foreigners,
if they are to be encouraged at all, should be en-
couraged not to stop in the purlieus of the cities,
where they will drag out a miserable existence in
vice and intemperance, in every conceivable form,
but they should be encouraged to emigrate into
the country, where they can enjoy pure and fresh
air, and where they can become agricultural labor-
ers, rejoicing in an increased health of body, mind,
and morals.
My favor for this amendment is predicated
upon the fact that we shall have to do the same
thing for many years, if we refuse it now, and
thus time and money will be wasted. We shall
certainly have to do it in less than two years, and
we might just as well do it now and save time
by it.
Mr. DAWSON. Tn reply to the gentleman who
has just taken his seat, I will merely say, that it
is not the province nor duty of this Congress to
legislate for all the nations of the world and the
rest of mankind. [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB. I desire to ofFer an amendment to
the sixth section, which I will read presently;but
before doing so, I desire to say that 1 am as good
a friend of the homestead bill as there is in this
House. The sixth section of the bill makes pro-
vision for a class of persons who may be now in
the United States, who have not filed theirdeclara-
i tion to become American citizens, but who may
hereafter file such a declaration at any future time
j to obtain the benefit of the billf
j Mr. DEAN. I rise to a question of order. I
| want to know what is the question before the com-
I mittee? ^
I Mr. COBB. I will read my amendment pres-
ently.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to the gentleman's
going on with his remarks, unless his amendment
is first presented to the committee; and I insist
that the time he has already occupied shall come
out of the five minutes to which he may be en-
titled upon his amendment.
Mr. COBB. I move to strike out of the sixth
section the following clause:
— " at the time of making such application for the benefit
of this act, shall have filed a declaration of intention, as re-
quired by the naturalization laws ot the United States, and
phall become a citizen of the same before the issuance of
the patent, as made and provided for in Ihis act,"
and to insert the following:
—who may have filed his or her declaration to become
teuch prior to the passage of this act.
So that the section will then read:
I "Sfc.6 Jlnd he it, further enacted, That if any indi-
| vidual, now a resident of any one of the States or Terri-
I tones, and not a citizen ot the United States, but who may
| have filed hi^ or her declaration to become 6-uch prior to the
; passage ot this act, i-hall be placed upon an equal footing
! with the native born citizen ot the United States."
| I suppose I have a minute or two of my time
still left. 1 desire to say that my object in offering
| this amendment is to confine the provisions of this
1 bill to such persons as have filed their declarations
: to become citizens of the United States, or who
may do so previous to the passage of this act.
That provision will shut out from the benefits of
! the bill such foreigners as are now in the country,
! and who have not filed their declaration to become
! citizens of the United States before the passage of
i this act. If the foreigners who are now m the
i country have not the intelligence to know upon
what their chances under this bill are to depend,
should this provision be adopted, their friends will
certainly tell them, and they will have time to file
■ their intention to become citizens before the pas-
! sage of this act. If they do not, I desire that they
' shall not become entitled to the benefits for which
this bill provides.
j 1 qo not want the provisions of this bill to be
extended to that floating; foreign population who
would never become citizens of the United States
at all, unless you induce them to become such by
the passage of this act. They may be induced to
file their declaration, and live upon the land for
five years, if you will give them the land then for
: their trouble; but they would never have done so
, if you had not held out the bid to them for that
purpose. If any person will file his or her dec-
I laration prior to the passage of this act, I am per-
t fectly willing that he or she shall be included
j within its provisions. But] think it is right to
i exclude such as have not filed their intentions be-
