1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
2111
T understood that the friends of the river and har-
bor bill would have allowed no such business to
be done. [Laughter.]
- REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MILLER, of Missouri. I am instructed
by the Committee of Claims, to report back Sen-
ate bill (No* 361) " for the relief of Frederick
Vincent, administrated of James Le Caze, survivor
of Le Caze& Mallet," with an amendment, i hope
it will be put upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. MILLER. Then 1 ask that it be referred
to the Committee of the Whole House, and or-
dered to be printed.
I was so ordered.
Mr. RUFFIN, from the same committed re-
ported adversely on the petition of Isaac C. Lock-
wood ; also, adversely on the petition of Archibald
M. Kitzmiller; also, adversely on the petition of
Benjamin M.Sayer; which reports were severally
oidered to be laid on the table, and printed.
Mr. VANSANT. It is evident that there is a
determination upon the part of the minority of the
House not to take up any appropriation bills; and
as I feel fatigued, I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Before that motion is put, I
ask leave to make a report from the Committee
on Territories.
The SPEAKER. There is an order that the
committees shall make reports for half an hour,
and in that time all the reports can be got in.
Mr. Vansant's motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee" on Com-
merce, reported back House bill (Not 395) to
amend an act entitled *i An act to provide for re-
cording the evidence of vessels, and for other pur-
poses," passed July 2D, 1850. Referred to the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of theUnion,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. F. also,from the same committee,reported
to increase the compensation of the inspectors of
customs; which was read a first and second time
by its title, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of James Hol-
stein; which was^ead a first and second time by
its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and the bill and report ordered to be
printed.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, to
which was referred a bill to provide for the sale
of the public lands in the Territory of Nebraska,
and to establish a land office therein; and a bill to
provide for the survey and sale of the public lands
in the Territory of Kansas, and to establish a land
office therein, reported back the*same, and asked
to be discharged from the further consideration
thereof, on the ground that the objects of the bills
had been accomplished by another act.
It was so ordered.
Mr. STANTON,of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief*
of William Case; which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and the bill and report
ordered to be printed.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred Senate bill (No. 194) to provide a
place for a post office in the city of Philadelphia,
and for the courts of the United States for the
eastern district of Pennsylvania, reported back the
same, and asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof, on the ground that the ob-
ject of the bill had been accomplished by another
bill.
It was so ordered.
Mr. PARKER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill to regulate the salaries of the
district judges of the United States; which was
read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. PARKER. I ask the permission of the
House to put the bill upon its passage.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. PARKER. Then I move to suspend the
rules to enable me to do so.
The SPEAKER. The motion cannot be made,
as we are now acting under the suspension of the
rules.
Mr. PARKER. Then I hope the gentleman
from New York will withdraw his objection.
Mr. WALSH. I cannot withdraw it.
Mr. PARKER. Then 1 withdraw the bill.
No objection being made, the bill was with-
drawn.
Mr. NICHOLS, from the Committeeon Private
Land Claims, reported the following Senate bills;
which were referred to a Committeeof the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed:
An act authorizing the legal representatives of
Antonie Vasquez, Hypolite Vasquez, Joseph Vas-
quez, and John Calhgan, to enter certain landsin
Missouri.
An act for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of William Weeks.
An act for the benefitof the heir-at-law of Lieu-
tenant C. A. Wickhffe.
Mr. NICHOLS. I now desire to report, from
the Committee on Private Land Claims, a Senate
bill " appointing commissioners to ascertain cer-
tain facts relative to certain private land claims in
the State of Michigan." It is to ascertain all the
facts that can be ascertained as to what law these
claims are under, whether they have not expired
by limitation, &c. It is important that the bill
should be passed during the present session.
There can be no reasonable objection to it, and I
ask the unanimous consent of the House to put it
upon its passage.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. NICHOLS. I appeal to the gentleman
from New York to withdraw his objection. It is
of very great importance that it should be passed.
Mr. WALSH. I do not withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. NICHOLS. I have another bill from the
same committee which I am also very anxious
should be put upon its passage. It is Senate bill
(No. 297) for the relief of Sylvanus Culver. I
hope no member of the House will object. It is a
revolutionary claim. The claimant, I know, is a
very worthy person, and the claim is a just one.
I ask the unanimous consent of the House to put
the bill upon its passage.
There was no objection; and the bill was read
in extenso by the Clerk.
It provides for granting one hundred and twenty
acres of land to Sylvanus Culver.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and was accordingly read a third time, and passed.
Mr. NICHOLS. On Friday last, underamis-
apprehension of the state of facts as to tbeaction
of our committee, Senate bill No. 336 was laid
upon the table. I ask now that that bill may be
taken up and placed upon the Calendar, or, if i
can have the unanimous consent of the House,
puyhebill on its passage.
IWr. MACDONALD. I object to the bill being
put on its passage.
Mr. MILLER. If the gentleman from Maine
understood the circumstances under which this
bill was laid upon the table the other day, I think
that he would withdraw his objection to the bill
now.
Mr. MACDONALD. I cannot withdraw my
objection.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. GREENWOOD, from the Committee on
Indian Affnirs, reported back Senate bill (No. 233)
for the relief of Susan Coody and others, with a
recommendation that it do pass; which was re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill; which was read a first and
second time by its title, as follows, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of John Randon, deceased.
Mr. H., from the same committee, reported a
bill; which was read a first and second time by its
title, as follows:
A bill for the relief of Captain IsiifroreD. Beau-
! grand.
Mr. EDGERTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to put that bill on its passage.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
Mr. ASHE^from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported a bill for the relief of Lieutenant
J. C. Carter; which was read the first and second
time by its title, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported House bill (No. 289) " au-
thorizing the payment, by the Secretary of the
Treasury, of certain drafts drawn by Lieutenant
Dement for ransom of American citizens, prison-
ers of the Indians of Ctueen Charlotte Island, and
for other purposes; which was laid on the table,
and the committee discharged from its further con-
sideration .
Mr. ASHE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported a bill for the relief of Charles J.
Porcher; which was read the first and second time
by its title, referredto the Committeeof the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CRAfGE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds to report
the following bill:
An act to authorize the extension and comple-
tion of the Treasury Buildings; and also the con-
struction of a building for the War, Navy, and
Interior Departments.
I ask the unanimous consent of the House to
put the bill upon its passage.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. CRAIGE. I hope gentlemen will allow
me to make a short statement in regard to the ne-
cessity of the passage of this bill. 1 have been
trying to get the floor for the last ten or twelve
days, and have sought it again and again for the
purpose of making this report. The bill has al-
ready passed the Senate. Every Administration,
from the days of General Jackson down to this
time, has recommended the erection of these build-
ings^ and every head of the Department, from that
time to this, has recommended it. At rhis partic-
ular time, I am informed, that the public archives
of the country are actually in the greatest danger.
The records of the Treasury Department and the
State Department are exposed to destruction for
the want of a suitable place in which to deposit
them.
Mr. WALSH. My objection is not with-
drawn.
Mr. CRAIGE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended.
The SPEAKER. That motion would not he
in order, as the House is now acting under a sus-
pension of the rules.
On motion by Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, it was
Ordered y That Jacob Benner.of Rosscounty, Ohio, have
leave to withdraw papers filed by hun, m order that he
might present them to the Commissioner of Patents.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Territories to report the following bill:
A bill declaring the southern boundary of New
Mexico.
I ask that the bill may be read for the informa-
tion of the House, with a view of putting it upon
its passage, m accordance with the recommenda-
tion of the committee. I ask that the bill may
read, so that every gentleman will see at once the
necessity that exists for its passage.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope there will be no objec-
tion; and that the bill will be allowed to pass.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and having
been engrossed, it was read the third time, and
Mr. CHURCHWELL, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill; which*
was read a first and second time by its title, as
follows, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed:
An act in addition to an act entitled 44 An act
to continue half pay to certain widows and or-
phans," approved February 3, 1853.
Mr. PHILLIPS. In relation to the bill just
reported from the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions, I ask that the rules be suspended, with
a view of having" that bill sent to the Senate.
The SPEAKER. If not objected to, joint rules
16 and 17 will be suspended in this particular case,
and the bill will be sent to the Senate.
There being no objection, the rules were sus-
pended.
