2112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 8.
Mr. EDMUNDSON, from the Committee on j
Invalid Pensions, reported back the following bill, :
with a recommendation that it do not pass:
An act for the relief of Nancy Payne and Sarah
Laramee.
Mr. E., from the same committee, presented
an adverse report on the petition of Ellen A.
Schmuck,
Mr. E., from the same committee, reported a
bill; which was read a first and second time by
its title, as follows, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Jeptha L. Heraminger.
Mr. E. I am instructed by the same committee
to report adversely on the petitions of Esther Bart-
lett, and another, inasmuch as one of the general
bills passed covers the cases.
The petition and reports were laid on the table.
Mr. E. I am also instructed, by the same
committee, to report back, under the same cir-
cumstances, a bill for the relief of certain widows
and orphans.
Laid on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDSON". I ask the unanimous
consent of the Elouse to offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That joint rule No, 16 he so far suspended as
to receive hoin ilie Senate a bill changing the name of the
hi ig Glamoigan.
There being no objection, rule No. 16 was sus-
pended for the purpose indicated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there not on
the Speaker's table a joint resolution of the Sen-
ate proposing to suspend joint rules" Nos. 16 and
17.
The SPEAKER. There is, to suspend them
generally.
Mr. JONES. Then I propose we take up that
resolution, and act upon it.
The SPEAKER. The House is now acting
under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. UIBBARD. I ask if (be thirty minutes,
for which the lules were suspended, have not
expired?
The SPEAKER. The time has expired.
Mr.SrilAUB. Although the time has expired,
I hope the balance of the committees will be per-
mitted to on and make their reports.
The SPEAKER. There are but three or four
committees more, and the Chair hopes they may
be permitted to report. * I
No objections were made, and i
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on ;
Invalid Pensions, to which was referred Senate 1
bill (No. 11)1) for the relief of Thomas B. Par- 1
sons, reported back the same, and asked to put it
upon its passage.
Mr. WALSH objecting, the bill was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and the
bill and report oidered to be pruned.
Mi. VAIL, fi oin the smne committee, to which
was referred Senate bill (No. 276) for the relief of
Mi>\ Ann VV. Am^uk, reported back tile same,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was refened to a Committee of the
Whole House, and the bill and report ordered to j
be printed.
Mr. V. also, from the same committee, to
which was referred Senate bill (No. 192) for the
rtdief of Amos Krmpp, reported the same back to
the House, with a recommendation that it do not
pass.
The bill was ordered to be laid upon the table.
Mr. STRAUB, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, to which were referred the petition
of William Jacox, a soldier in the war of 1812,
for a pension; the petition of Adam Hays, late
a surgeon in the United States Army, for back
* pension; the petition of William Clark, asking
arrearages of pay as an invalid pensioner; and
the petition of John Fullins, asking for a pension,
made adverse reports upon the same respectively;
and they were ordered to be laid upon the table.
Mr. FULLER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred Senate bill (No. 245)
to amend the provision of the fifty-sixth section
of the act entitled " An act to regulate the collec-
tion of duties on imports and tonnage," approved
March 2, 1779: repoited back the'same, with a
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. FULLER, I ask that the bill may be
put upon its passage now.
Mr. WALSH. "I object.
• The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and the bill and
report ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMANDSjfrom the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Lot
Davis; which was read a first and second time by
its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDGERTON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of John Putnam.
Mr. E. I ask to put that bill upon its passage.
No objection being made, the bill was read a
first and second time.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
subsequently read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FULLER. The gentleman from New
Vork, [Mr. Walsii,] consents to withdraw his
objection to the Senate bill which i reported a
short time since, and 1 now move that the bill be
put upon its passage. It is Senate bill (No.
145) to amend the provisions of the fifty-sixth
section of an act entitled " An act to regulate the
collection of duties on imports and tonnage, ap-
proved the 2d of March, 1799."
The bill was read in exlenso.
It was then oidered to a third reading, and was
accordingly read a third time, and passed.
PAY OF THE EMPLOYEES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. SMITH, of Va. 1 have a resolution for
the introduction of which I ask the unanimous
consent of the House, and to which 1 am sure
there will be no objection. 1 desire to offer the
following:
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed to report
to tins House at next <e«sion, the amount received by
each of iK employees liom all sources tor the servicer- per-
formed bv them dining the pre-ent session; flu* amount
they will bo entitled fo rco< ivr under the existing laws at
tbe next session ; and also the iimo each ts actually and
necessarily employed during the present Congress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the gentleman that he specify the number of his
committee
Mr. SMITH. I will say five.
There was no objection, <,nd the resolution was
considered and adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 rise to a privi-
leged question. I move that the vote by which
the resolution was adopted be reconsidered, and
that the motion to reconsider do lie upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move to suspend the 16th
and 17th joint rules, to enable the bill, which has
just been passed, to be sent to the Senate and be
signed by the President.
Mr. WALSH. I object. We have had enough
of this sort of business. I shall object to any-
thing out of the regular order. ^
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported a bill more
effectually to provide for the punishment of cer-
tain crimes against the United States; which was
read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. PRESTON. I will ask the House to put
that bill on its parage. There is no statute in
our books to punish the forgery of land wanants
or assignments. Forgeries have been committed,
and the culprits have escaped. The bill provides
a remedy, and I think that it ought to be passed
before we adjourn.
Objection was made, and the bill was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, leported a bill; which was read a first
and second time by us title, as follows, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Edward Burcher.
Mr. FEN TON asked and obtained leave to in-
troduce a bill; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce. The bill is entitled:
An act in relation to the employment of appren-
tices in the merchant service of the United States.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I offer the following
| resolution: 6
j Revolted, That the Secretary of War be requested to
| procures report from F. W. Landei, civil engineer, «f a
,j railroad route from Puget's Sound, by Fort Hall, to Great
• j Salt Lake and the Mississippi rjver; and that he cause a
il copy thereof to be famished to this House.
Resolved, further, That tbe reports of surveys for a rail-
road to the Pacific made under the direction of the Secre-
tary of War. also the said report of p. W. Lander, be
printed for the use of the Hou&e during the recess.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose indicated.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended. •
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage of the resolution.
The question was put; and there were only
thirteen in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. There are only onehundred
and four members in the Hall.
Mr. ORR. I move that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. ROBBINS. I demand tellers on the yeas
and nays.
TRe SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to have tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Went-
worth, of Massachusetts, and Chamberlain,
were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 23, noes 103.
So the yeas and nays weie not ordered.
Mr. ORR, I should like to inquire of the gen-
; tleman from California [Mr. McDougall] if the
j survey of Puget's Sound, by Fort Hail and Salt
I Lake City, to the Mississippi river, has been
! already made?
| Mr. McDOUGALL. Ithas been made, and the
! engineer who made it is now in Washington.
Mr. ORR. Then I have no objection to the
resolution.
Mr. WALSH. The survey has been made, I
; believe, for a private company; and the object of
i this resolution is to get Congress now to pay for
the expense of it.
! Mr. CHAMBERLAIN and Mr. McDOU-
GALL. Not at all.
Mr. UPHAM. If it be in order, I should be
glad to state to the House, briefly, the facts of the
case. Mr. Lander was employed as the chief
civil engineer accompanying Governor Stevens in
. his explorations to Puget's Sound last winter.
I At the request of the Legislature of the Territory of
Washington, and under their auspices, he started
for Puget's Sound with but four men. He explored
a country never before explored—a country full
of dangers and difficulties. And he has ascer-
tained a perfectly practicable route for a railroad
from Puget's Sound, to a point ifl intersection with
' the central route of the Pacific railroad. He also
explored the country from the mountains to
Council Bluffs. And his explorations are known
to be of great value. He is a competent and ex-
; perienced railroad engineer, and was acting, as I
j have said, under the auspices of the new Territo-
rial government of Washington. And if this
House is to act next winter, on the great question
of the Pacific r*ulroad, it will be of extreme im-
portance to have the facts which he has*collected
brought before them.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the adop-
tion of the resolution.
* Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
resolution on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was then taken on the resolution;
and it was adopted.
THE POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HIBBARD. For the purpose of acting
on the general post office appropriation bill, I
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House do now resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PRESTON. \ object.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope the motion will not be
agreed to.
; The question was taken;and, on a division, there
, were—ayes 71, noes 72.
i So (two thirds not havingvoted in favor thereof)
; the rules were not suspended.
; Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
j Mr. PRINGLE. 1 calt for tellers upon the
j yeas and nays.
; Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Church-
, well and Matteson were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers re-
j ported—ayes 30, (a sufficient number;) and the
. yeas and nays were ordered.
