544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6.
fore that time. I have felt it my duty to offer ;
this amendment, and I hope it will be the pleasure
of (he committee to accept it; but if not, of course 1
I ^hnll not he found murmuring against the will
of the majority. I offer it, however, in good faith,
and leave it in the hands of the committee.
Mr. DEAN. I am opposed to that amendment,
because I think the section is a good deal better
as it stands than it would be if so amended.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was disagreed to.
The Clerk then read the seventh section of the i
bin.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I desire to ask a ques-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on Agri-
culture. 1 propose, if it is in order, to amend this
bill by the addition of a section to suspend the .
sales of the public lands and the granting- of them
to railroad companies'. I understood the Chair to
make a suggestion the other day that such an '
amendment would he m order. i
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order to offer an 1
additional section to the bill. !
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would submit to i
the Chair whether the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Indiana is germane to the bill, 1
or has any connection with the granting of home- i
steads? if we open up the subject of railroad |
grants, where shall we end ? 1
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair merely under-
stands the gentleman from Indiana as desiring to
offer an additional section to the bill. Until the
Chair hears the amendment read, he cannot de- !
cide whether it is in order or not. I
Mr. LANE. I will state to the Chair, that I
propose to add a section to the bill, suspending the
sales of the public lands hereafter, and refusing; to
give to railroad companies one inch of the public
domain, leservmg it for actual settleis.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes that '
it would he germane to offer an amendment to sus-
pend the sale of the public lands until after the
settlers shall have entered their lands. It will be i
a question for the committee whether they will '
adopt or reject an amendment of that sort.
Mr. JONES. Then we may as well give up ;
the bill. ;
Mr. KERR. Well, give it up. ;
Mr. LANE. Understanding from the friends
of the bill that thp amendment which I offer may ,
endanger the passage of the bill, 1 will withdraw :
it.
The CHAIRMAN. The question then is on i
the substitute of the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Cobb.] 1
Mr. COBB. Before that comes up, I desire to 1
offer an amendment to come in at the end of the
last section of the bill, which is a follows: ;
' f
Proridnijurthor, That the pro\j<?iou> of this act ^hn!l hp
so rniMim-ri a- to authorize the ola«^ ot persons piovnU'd
f<M in the l'oi<>«roui<: puns nf thi*, ni t who mny not ovui one '
hundred and muv arres n! l.uul, to enter, five ol co*t, ot
the public lancN adjoining hi^ ot her (arm, «ul>iert to private ;
entry at ^ 1 '2"> an -fit;, a quaritm , when added to what they
may now own, equal to one bundled and acres: Pio-
vi'hil, That lie or she shall cultivate the whole, or part 1
thereof. ;
That amendment is so obviously right, that I 1
am sure the friends of the bill will not offer any i
opposition to it. If gentlemen will investigate the
terms of the amendment, they will see that while ■
it will do justice to a large ami meritorious class :
of individuals, it may result greatly to the benefit
of the General Government. For instance, here ,
is an individual, perhaps an old and worn-out sol-
dier, who has fought bravely the battles of his '
country; he has toiled until, having obtained
fifty dollars, he ha^ entered forty anes of land,
lie has made valuable improvements upon the
land, built a domicile, and made himself a home.
Whether poor or n'ch land,as it may be,he would '
rather, if he owned forty acres, take from the Gen-
eral Government the othei one hundied and twenty ,
acies adjoining, and be obligated to cultivate it all, '
or only a portion of it, as cultivation seems to be
the punciple on which the bill is founded. Then
the Government saves fory acres. If he owns
one hundred and twenty acies, he only takes
fony,and the Government saves one hundred and 1
twenty acres. The Government will always syve
the difference between what the man owns and
one bundled and sixty acres. I see 110 injury
to result to the Government, but I see much good
to lesult to that poor class of settlers who have i
toded to get forty acres, and on getting it, have
labored on in the expectation of one day entering
the adjoining land to the extent of one hundred
and sixty acies in all. If you do not provide m
this bill as I have suggested, you will compel the
class of persons named to leave their homes to go
upon the land ot the Government, and obtain the
one hundred and sixty acres provided for. Some
person may sit down beside him and deprive him
of that home which he may have expected to make
him competent to support his family of eight or
ten perhaps helpless children.
I call upon .the chairman of the Committee on
Agriculture to express whether, on investigation,
he is not satisfied that it is right? If he is not, I
am 1 trust that this committee will give such a
unanimous response as will make the poor way-
worn heartthrob with gratitude.
Mr. DAWSON. I think that the, amendment
of my friend from Alabama is a good one, and I
hope it may he adopted.
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman allow me one
word in his five minutes?
Mr. DAWSON. I have closed my speech,
and cannot do so.
Mr. COBB. I shall only add to what I have
already said 
[Cries of ''Order!'5]
The CHAIRMAN. Further discussion is not
in older on the amendment.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to amend
the amendment by allowing the settler to entei one
hundred and sixty acres besides what he already
owns; end I do so for the purpose of saying that
I believe the amendment of the gentleman from
Alabama is right. It is to permit the man who
now owns a tract of forty, eighty, or one hundred
and twenty acres, being less than one hundred and
sixty acres, to enter so much of the public land
adjoining as will make the entire tract one bun-
dled and sixty acres, without removmgout of the
cabin which he may be occupying to live on the
public land, but on condition that he shall culti-
vate for five years the whole, or a portion of the
public land thus entered. I hope that the amend-
ment may be adopted, believing it to be right.
Having said thus much, with the permission of
the committee I shall withdraw my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee askvs the unanimous consent of the House
to withdraw his amendment to the amendment.
Is there any objection ?
There being no objection, theamendment to the
amendment was withdrawn.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Cobb,] and the Chair announced that it was
agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON. I call for a division.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I should like
to hear the amendment of the gentleman from
Alabama read again.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment has been
adopted.
Mr, MILLSON. I called for a division before
the decision was announced.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thought that
he heard a division called for, but was not posi-
tive. Shall the amendment be again read, so as
that the gentleman fiom Louisiana [Mr.Perkins]
may propose an amendment15
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I object to its being read
again.
The Clerk again reported the amendment.
Mr. PERKINS. I should move, Mr. Chair-
man, to amend that amendment by striking out
the words " paying $1 25 an acre," and leaving
it as a grtinf.
Mr. COBB. I accept that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the amendment as to the SI 25 per acre has
no reference to buying the land, hut that it merely
refers to it as land subject to entry at that price.
Mr PERKINS. 1 suggested merely that this
bill should be altered so as say, " subjc-ct to entry
at the minimum price." It would remove much
difficulty.
Mr. HAMILTON. The land is proposed to
be free of cost.
Mr. COBB. I h ave no objection to that; I ac-
cept the amendment.
Mr. PERKINS. Then upon that amendment
I have a few words to say, if it be m order for me
to do so.
The CHAIRMAN. If the amendment is ac-
cepted, then it is not in order to speak on it.
Mr. PERKINS. I offered theamendment, and
presumed I had a right to speak upon it. bo I
understand the Chair to rule that it is not in oider ?
The CHAIRMAN. If the mover of the origi-
nal amendment accepts the amendment to it, then
it becomes a part of his amendment, and upon that
debate is not in order.
Mr. SEYMOUR. The original amendment has
not been opposed, and I think it is therefore in
order to speak on the amendment to it.
The CHAIRMAN. But the gentleman himself,
who offered the original amendment, has accepted
the amendment of the gemleman from Louisiana.
It is, therefore, not in order to speak upon it.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to a
question of order. It is this: that although the
amendment to the amendment may base been ac-
cepted by the gentleman who made the original
proposition, yet it is, under the rule, a fair subject
for debate; because the amendment, a'though ac-
cepted by the gentleman who offers the proposi-
, tion, has not been accepted by the House, nor
voted upon, and the object of these five-minute
speeches is to allow gentlemen to explain proposi-
: tions.
1 The CHAIRMAN. The question of order
raised by the gentleman from Tennessee is not
necessary, inasmuch as there is now opposition
made to the original amendment, and it if? in or-
: derto speak upon it. The gentleman from Louis-
, iana [Mr. Perkixs] is therefore entitled to oppose
the whole amendment as it now stands, and to ex-
, plain his proposition.
Mr. PERKINS. I embrace the opportunity
; affoided by the amendment of expressing my
views on the bill before the House. Represent-
' ing a constituency to be deeply affected by its
' provisions, I regret that I cannot vote for it. i am
m favor of this particular amendment, but opposed
to the bill. It seems to me directly at war with
constitutional principles I have been accustomed
to hold sacred. I had supposed that the regula-
tion of the social relations of the citizen were
, left by the Federal Constitution to the States, and
that of commeice and foreign affairs to the Gen-
eral Government. I had supposed that, for the
protection of the family hearth, the regulation of
the household duties, and the descent and transfer
j of property, we were to look to the States, and
1 not to the Federal Government. If I am mistaken
in this I have strangely read the Constitution.
I Bv the terms of this bill it is proposed to give,
1 conditionally, to certain individuals, one hundred
1 and sixty acres of land. These conditions are
; limited by no piinciple. If you can give it only
to those who are married, you can give it only to
i those who have children. If you can give it only
to those who are of the age of fourteen, as the ori-
ginal bill proposed, or eighteen, ortvventy-one, as
is now proposed, you may assign the limit at fifty
; or eighty years of oge. In fact, there is no limit
' but the chantuble discretion of Congress. If you
, can make this land exempt from taxes for live
1 years, and protect it from mortgage for the pay-
ment of just debts for the same time, why not for
twenty or fifty years? If the Genend 'Govern-
ment has power thus to exempt capital and its
inclement from the operation of State law within
the limits of a State, what confines the exemption
■ to this species of property :
The effect of the bill will be to bring the Gen-
eral Government to bear directly upon the people
of the States, making itself deeply and sensibly felt
in all the relations of life, while the State law, in
its peculiar province, will be inoperative. Against
such an annihilation of State influence I earnestly
protest. For the poor man who goes out into the
. woods and creates for himself a home 1 have great
respect. Let him have Ins eighty acres free of
1 expense, but bui den it with no condition^ of serf-
dom. He will have more than paid for h>s eighty
acres by the labor of one year. Let lum dispose
of it as he pleases.
By this bill you propose to give one hundred
! and sixty acres of land, provided it is occupied and
cultivated. Now, if that provision is designed for
the benefit of the poor man, I ask, if it is possi-
| ble for such a person to cultivate one hundred and
' sixty acres? II not, then, instead of peopling
the West, over which is rolling the great tide of
civilization, bearing along with it coutt-houses,
; schools, and churches, at the rate of sixteen miles
