THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1854.
New Series....No. 133.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 45; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashe, David J. Bailey, Banks, Belcher,
Bocock, Boyee, Breckinridge, Bridges, Brooks, Caskie,
Chamberlain, Ghnrchwell, Clark, Clingraan, Cobb, Curtis,
John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, De Witt, Eddy, Edgerton,
John M. Elliott, Ellison, English, Florence, Franklin,Ful-
ler, Gamble, Goode, Greenwood, Grow, Wiley P. Harris,
Iltbbard, Johnson, George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt,
Kerr, Kidwell, Kurtz, Latham, Letcher, Macdonald, Mc-
Mullin, McNair, McQueen, Macy, Maxwell, May, Smith
Miller, Millson, Morrison, Nichols, Noble, Orr, Packer,
John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Puryear,
Riddle, Robbins, Ruffin, Shower, Skelton, Gerrit Smith,
William Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H.
Stephens, Stratum, Straub, Andrew Stuart, John J. Tay-
lor, Thurston, Vansant, Walbndge, Walsh, Westbrook, ,
Daniel B. Wright, and Hendrick B. Wright—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Appleton, Bennett, Carpenter, Chand-
ler, Cook, Corwin, Edmands, Thomas 1). Eliot, Everhart,
Farley, Fenton, Giddings, Grey, Aaron Harlan, Harrison,
Haven, Hill, Howe, Hunt, Knox, Lmdsley, Matteson,
Morgan, Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Peck, Pennington, Pres-
ton, Prmgle, Ready, Reese, David Ritchie, Russell, Sabin,
Sapp, Seward, Simmons, John L.Taylor, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Upham,Wade,Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, John Wentworth, and Tappan Wentworth—45.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the stale of the
Union, (Mr. Wright, of Pennsylvania, in the
chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The first business in order
is the consideration of the Senate amendments to
the Post Office hill. The amendments will be re-
ported.
First amendment:
Page two, after line nine, insert the following :
, For compilation of post routes, as contained in the bill
passed at the present session of Congress establishing
routes, $1,000.
To enable the Postmaster General to purchase the patent
of the " clam-shell padlock," should he be of opinion that
the public service requires it, the sum of $10,000.
Mr. HIBBARD. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment. I will not detain the committee by
debating it, as it recommends itself.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
At the end of the bill add the following section :
Bec. 3. JInd be it further enacted, That hereafter the
Postmaster General be authorized and directed to continue
the mail service between Charleston, Key West, and Ha-
vana, during August and September, by acompetent steam-
er, as it is now being performed during ten months of the
year; and that to enable him to do so, $10,000 are hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated
Mr. HIBBARD, The route referred to in that
amendment is not now recognized by any law, and
the amendment establishes, therefore, a new route.
The Committee of Ways and Means recommend
a non-concurrence.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Third amendment:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That there be al-
lowed and paid to the postmaster of Washington city, Dis-
trict of Columbia, out of any money in the Treasury, not
otherwise appropriated, a commission of one mill per
pound upon the aggregate weight of public documents
printed by order of Congress, and deposited in the office of
paid postmaster to be mailed 5 the said allowance to com-
mence with the fiscal year beginning July i, 1853, and to
be computed for the first year for the ascertained weight
for the monih of Jauuary3 1854. And that the said post-
master be required to pay nut of the said commissions to the
clerks and other employees of lus office, a sum not exceed-
ing $250 each, per annum, as compensation for the extra
labor performed by them in the assortment and mailing of
said documents; and that he be xequired to account for, and
settle with, the Post Office Department, for the disburse-
ment of these commissions, and any surplus that may re-
main, in the same manner as is now required in the settle-
ment of his other accounts,
Mr. HIBBARD. The Committee of Ways
and Means being of the opinion that the adoption
of that amendment would produce a great and
unnecessary expense, recommend a non-concur-
rence.
Mr. VANSANT. Uiope that the recommend-
ation of the committee will not be agreed to, but
that the House will concur in the Senate amend-
ment in that particular. 1 have had some experi-
ence in connection with the Post Office Department
133
in this country, in one of our largest offices, and
I know something of the nature and extent of the
services required to be perfofped by the clerks in
that Department. I knqjK, of my own observa-
tion, that the clerks in tharaepartment of the ser-
vice perform more labor, and work more hours,
than do the clerks connected with any other de-
partment of the General Government, and they
are generally poorer paid than the clerks in any
other office of the General Government; and I do
hope this amendment will be agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
man from Maryland tell me what officer of this
Government is not poorly paid, and worked to
death, at that ? [Laughter.]
Mr. VANSANT. "That question is not perti-
nent to the subject I am discussing. I am speak-
ing of the labors of the clerks in the Post Office
Department.
Mr. JONES. This amendment has no refer-
ence to the clerks in the Post Office Department.
It is in reference to the clerks in the city post
office.
Mr. VANSANT. 1 understand all that; but,
sir, the clerks in the city post office belong to the
General Post Office Department.
Mr. JONES. No more than those in the post
office in the city of Baltimore do.
Mr. VANSANT. They are a partof the Post
Office Department; and let me say, that I believe
the clerks in the post offices, not only in the city
of Washington, but in the cities of New York,
Boston, Philadelphia, and Baltimore, are poorer
paid and harder worked than the employees in any
other department of the Government. This
amendment, I believe, would give them about $200
each additional pay.
Mr. HIBBARD. It will give them about $250
each.
Mr. VANSANT. I presume the gentleman
from New Hampshire is right.
Mr. HIBBARD. It proposes to pay one mill
per pound upon all the matter which pagses
through the office.
Mr. VANSANT. Well, sir, I hope this amend-
ment will be concurred in. I do not regard it as
liberal. It is pure, sheer justice to the clerks in
this post office.
The amendment to the Senate amendment was
not agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate was then non-
concurred in.
[The committee here informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message was
received from the Senate, byAsBURY Dickins , Esq.,
their Secretary, informing the House that they had
concurred in the amendments of the House to the
bill of the Senate (No. 178) to incorporate the
National Hotel Company in Washington city;
that they had concurred in the amendments of the
House to the bill of the Senate (No. 179) to con-
stitute Pilatka and Bayport, in the State of Florida,
ports of delivery respectively.]
The committee then resumed its session.
Fourth amendment:
Sec. 5. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the surviving
late Vice President of the United States shall have, during
his life, the same authority to frank letters and other mail
matter, which he possessed while he was m office; and
fhe same authority shall belong to future Vice Presidents,
after they go out of office.
Mr. HIBBARD. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment.
Mr. ROBBINS. t demand tellers upon con-
curring.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Walsh and
Florence were appointed.
The question was put; and,on a division, there
were—ayes 57, noes 63.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no quorum.
Mr. MORGAN. I hope we shall progress with
the business without having constantly to drum
up members.
Mr. ROBBINS. Let us have a recount.
[Cries of" Call the roll !'*]
The roll was then called, and the following gen-
tlemen failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Ashe,Thomas H, Bayly,
Ball, Banks, Barry, Belcher, Bennett, Benson, Benton,
Bxsseli, Boyce, Breckinridge, Brooks, Campbell, Carpen-
ter, Chandler, Chase, Chastam, Chrisman, Colquitt, Crock-
er, Cullora, Cumming, Cutting, Thomas Davis, Dean, Dent,
Dickinson, Disney, Drum, Dunham, Edmuudson, John M.
Elliott, Etheridge, Ewing, Flagler. Goode, Hamilton, An-
drew J. Harlan, Hastings, Henn, Hiester, Hiliyer, Howe,
Daniel T. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kittredge, Lamb, Lane,
Lyon, McCulloch, Maee, Mayall, Meacbam,Middleswarth,
John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Olds, Packer, Bishop Perkins,
Richardson, Thomas Ritchey, Rutin1,, Seymour, Shannon,
Singleton, Skelton, Samuel A. Smith, George W. Smyth,
Sollers, David Stuart, Tracy, Trout, Upham, Vail, Walker,
Warren, Westbrook, Witte, Yates, and Zollicoffer.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly the Post Office appropria-
tion bill, with the Senate amendments thereto; and
having found itself without a quorum, had caused
the roll to be called, and had directed him to report
the facts to the House, with the names of the ab-
sentees.
A quorum having answered to their names, the
committee again resumed its session.
The amendment was again read by the Clerk.
Mr. STRATTON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
And the same shall extend to all who have been mem
bers of either House of Congress, or who may hereafter be,
but it shall not extend to those of the present Congress.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
. The question' then recurred upon the Senate
amendment.
Mr. WHEELER demanded tellers.
Mr. ROBBINS. I wish to state to the Chair,
that tellers were appointed, the question was taken,
and the tellers reported, when the sommittee found
itself without a quorum.
The tellers having resumed their places, the
question was again put, and the amendment was
non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authorized to pay to Crans-
ton Laurie a reasonable compensation for performing the
duties of two desks in the Post Office Department, not to
exceed half pay of a clerk for the time he was so em-
ployed.
Mr. HIBBARD. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
[Cries of " Question " Question !"]
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I do notknow on what
ground the committee have come to theconclusion
to recommend a non-concurrence in this amend-
ment. Thefaetswith reference to this claim of Mr. J
Laurie's are succinctly stated in the words of the -
amendment itself. The Senate felt conscious that j
it was a claim of strict justice. Certainly noth- i
ing but justice is to be subserved by the amend-ip
ment. The Senate adopted it almost without a"*"
dissenting voic«9
I ask if this committee are ready to do injustice
by refusing this claim. Sir, there is not a duty
incumbent-on us as representatives of the people
higher than that of allowing just claims. Seeing
as we see, and knowing as we know, that many
persons in public employment are paid beyond
their just deserts, it is a duty that we owe to the
public, it is a duty that we owe to ourselves, to
encourage the faithful in well-doing. This, sir, is
precisely a claim of that nature; and I hope, there- %
fore, that the recommendation of the Committee
of Ways and Means will not be followed, but that
this committee will concur in the amendment of
the Senate.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the committee will
do no such thing.
Mr. HIBBARD. I have but o"he word to say
in reference to this amendment. The Committee
of Ways and Means have recommended a non-
concurrence in it, on the ground—as I understand
it—first  .
[Loud cries of " Question!" " Question ! 'I
