2114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
1
The question was then taken; and the Senate
amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Sec. 7. JlnAbe itfurther enacted,That the Postmaster Gen-
eral be authorized and directed to establish a mail on the
Mississippi river from Cairo to New Orleans, and from Keo-
kuk, (owa, to Galena, in Illinois, and that he contract lor the
same in one line, or in sucn divisions or sections, or both,
as may be most compatible with the public service ; and to
facilitate the execution of this section, the Postmastei Gen-
eral may make immediate temporary arrangements for
carrying said mail by the trip, and if he fails to obtain
acceptable bids alter advertising for thirty days, he may
make private contracts tor carrying said mail, and the said
mail shall be carried daily from Cairo to New Orleans, but
the Postmaster General is authorized, at Ins discretion, to
restrict the delivery of the mail at all other points than
Cairo, Memphis, Napoleon, Vicksburg, Natchez, Baton
.Rouge, and New Orleans, to three maiN a week, each way,
provided nothing herein contained shall be so construed as
to impair the rights of parties heretotore contracting for
said service.
Mr. HIBBARD. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
The committee here informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
was received from the President of the United
States, by Sidnef Webster, Esq., dais Private
Secretary, informing the House that hffiad signed
a joint resolution, and bills of the House of the
following titles:
Joint resolution directing the accounting officers
of the Treasury to adjust the accounts of William
Woodbury, late pension agent at Portland, Maine;
An act making appropriations for fortifications
and other works of defense, and for repairs of bar-
racks and quarters for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1855;
An act for the relief of Jesse R. Faulkner, of
Missouri;
An act for the relief of James Walsh;
An act for the relief of W. D. Porter, of the
United States Navy;
An act for the relief of the civil township rof
Marion, in the county of Mercer, Ohio;
An act for the relief of Benjamin Hammond, of
the State of New York;
An act for the relief of Charlotte S. Westcott;
An act for the relief of Henry N. Halsted;
An act for the relief of John Fiirik;
An act for the relief of John McVey, and John
F. McKneeiy, of Louisiana;
An act for the relief of Henry J. Snow, of
Rome, in the State of New York;
An act to provide a pension for James K. Welch;
An act for the further relief of Albro Tripp;
An act for the relief of James M. Lewis;
An act for the relief of William H. Weirech;
An act for the relief of Rebecca Baggerley, widow
of David Baggerley;
An act for the relief of Joseph McMinn;
An act for the relief of Mary H. Cushmg;
An act to revive the act approved March 3,
1823, and the act approved May 26, 1854, sup-
plemental thereto, in reference to the Rio Hondo
claims to land in Louisiana.
The committee then resumed its session, and
resumed the consideration of the Senate amend-
ments to the Post Office bill.
_ Mr. WRIGHT, of Mississippi. I ask that the
sixth amendment may be again read.
The amendment was accordingly read.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Missiqyppi. Mr. Chair-
man, I desire to get the attention of the committee
to the amendment of the Senate. At this period
of the session it is not to be expected that mem-
bers will take the tune to examine every proposi-
tion with scrutiny; and for this reason, and m
view of the importance of the Senate's amend-
ment to the interests of my State, I feel that f
have some apology for asking the indulgence of
the committee. The State of Mississippi pays a
large sum annually into the Treasury. She bears
this heavy burden without a murmur. The httie
benefit she receives in return is not in the shape
of appropriations of money, to build great edifices
to adorn her cities, nor in improving harbors and
rivers, but in the mail facilities which are grudg-
ingly extended to her people.
Sir, the importance of this department of the
Government, which controls the mails, is much
underrated.. There is no function performed by
the General Government in which*so many ner-
sons are interested as in this matter of the public
mails. Every man, woman, and child is interest-
ed in the administration of this department of the
Government. Our highest social and intellectual
enjoy ments are depenuent in a great degree upon
it. The people watch us operations with jealous
vigilance, and the slightest interruption or delay, |
in the regular transmission of the mails, is sure to !
bring forth complaint and censure. Politicians j
imagine that the minds of the people are absorbed j
in the schemes and plots which ambition coins for I
its own purposes. ^ut let me assure gentlemen i.
on tnis floor, let me abjure all parties, that a blun- j
dering, partial, inetiraent administration of the i
Po^t Oifiue Department, produces more discontent 1
among the people than any other cause of com-
plaint.
Gentlemen may, in the exuberance of their
fancy, suppose the introduction of some small .
hobby will beget for them a mammoth reputa- ,
tion, and link their names with immortality. Let j
me suggest to such it is not only a mistake, but j
a very silly blunder. The instincts of the masses i
aie nature's philosophy, it seldom errs, and, in j
the end, seldom or ever misleads us. We have i
heard, in these Halls, much in reference to cheap i
postage, its effects upon the business of the coun- ■
try and the social relations of communities. I !
grant that it should be reduced to the lowest
capacity of a self-sustaining machine; but when .
reduced below that, you defeat the object of its
reduction. When you reduce the Department to
the necessity of stinting the rural districts of the
country m post offices and post roads, to make
the Department sustain itself, you deal unjustly
with its administration, and inflict a wanton in-
jury upon the most worthy portion of our fellow-
citizens. Under the present system, the large
cities are the beneficiaries, and the farming and
planting communities are the suffereis. What
does the farmer or planter care whether his letteis
cost him three or five cents, when he has to send
ten or iifteen miles to a post office, before he can
learn the market value of his products? To him,
at least, it is (he system of a pennywise and
poundfoohsh policy.
1 was much surpi lsed when I heard from the
gentlernah, just now, that theComrmtteeof Ways
andiVieans did notconcurin the amendment of the
Senate; but 1 suppose it was because it appropria-
ted $500,U00, for the establishing of a mail line,
upon the Mississippi river, from Cairo to our
great southern metropolis. 1 have seen, since 1
have been here, vast sums of money appropriated
to objects altogether local in their character, and
paitial m their benefits. Yes, sir, to objects of
doubtful policy, and, m the estimation of some,
calling for the exercise of a poweras doubtful as is
its policy. When I saw this, i took it for grunted
that a meritorious proposition would have decid-
edly a good tune, and meet with universal com-
mendation. 1 know that there were some gentle-
men here, who, having no very distinct idea of
any proposition, objected to all to make a show of.
wisdom. 1 doubted whether, upon a proposition ;
as clear as this, there could be found a single ob-
jector. But in this, it seems, I was slightly mis-
taken. 1 had not quite learned the harness that
was necessary to give a bill a safe passage through :
this body. If it had been started in some omrn- '
bus, in company with marble-fronted custom- j
houses, I think it would, m all probability, have !
made the trip. Or, if it had taken passage with some j
river and harbor appropriation, or with some ocean |
maii steamer, I think it would have floated through, j
But it is the misfortune of this amendment, that 1
it started alone, standing on its own merits, upon
its perilous voyage,and hence the danger of being I
wrecked. It has the misfoitune not to have'
even the recommendation of the Postmaster Gen- :
era!. If it had come within the range of the !
duties of the Secretary of the Treasury, I am in- !
clmed to think he might have favored it His lib- :
erality on such subjects superinduces the belief. |
But unfortunately for it, it was not cradled in the :
circle of his official sphere. It is true, it has the ■
approval of the Senate; but the Senate is not con-'
servative, m the estimation of many worthy and .
talented gentlemen in this end of the Capitol, who 1
doubtless think their places would be much better '
filled by themselves. But I am inclined to think, ,
when the people of the great valley of the Missis- j
sippi come to look at this question, they will know '
how to appreciate its friends and reward its ene-
mies.
Wise legislation adapts itself to the necessities ;i
of the case, and takes advantage of suiroumlmg jj
circumstances. The God of nature has placed on
this continents valley greater in extent than most
of the European kingdoms, and richer in its prod-
ucts than the valley of the Nile. Through this
valley flows the Mississippi river. Its length is
eighteen hundred miles, and the waters that lave
its shores pass through eighteen States of this
Union. It bears upon its bosom their com-
merce—a commerce equal to, if not exceeding,
$300,000,000 per annum. This river, with its
tributaries, are to the Union what the mam arte-
ries are to the human system m a commercial
point of view. Without them the commerce of
this valley would be stagnantas the Dead Sea, and
the energies of the proud and industrious people
who inhabit it paralyzed and prostrated.
" Westward the star of empire takes its way
and gentlemen upon this floor should be careful
how they undertake to rob this vast region of us
just rights. As you stand upon some stately
steamei as she plows the waves of this mighty
nver, cast about and compute, if you can, the un-
told commerce which flows in from the young and
vigorous West. Look to the East, and she, too,
comes with her products. Nor is my own " sunny
South " wanting in paying her tribute to nature's
laws. From the head of navigation to the Gulf
stream there is an exhibition of one prominent
fact; and that fact is, that there is more of mar-
ketable values that find their destination over this
stream than any other in the world. Much of
these commodities are exchanged by our own cit-
izens, but much more finds a market in foreign
countries. That which goesabroad is exchanged
for foreign products. The duties raised from these
importations supply our Government with the
levenues which sustains and upholds it.
Now, I submit, if it is not just and proper that
those who fill the purse might be permitted,occa-
sionally, at least, to unloose the purse-strings.
Yet gentlemen would recommend a non-conctir-
rence, when the Senate proposes, after long de-
layed justice, to give to the people of this vast
valley their undoubted rights in mail facilities,
and an equal chance in the race of trade, by a
knowledge of the market, whether at home or
abroad. In their estimation it is proper enough
to establish a line of ocean mail steamers to Shang-
hai. We could afford to give $850,000 to the Col-
lins line, at a loss of something like $600,000 per
annum, to promote our commerce with a foreign
Government. Yes, we can afford millions to cer-
tain favorite lines of ocean steamers to promote
our commerce with foreign people; but when half
a million is asked for our own citizens, and that
portion of them, too, which pays into theTreasury
two thirds of its revenue, it is thought to be extreme-
ly prodigal. They think it right to give to the im-
porter at the large cities upon our coast the ad-
vantage of a knowledge of the market abroad, but
decidedly wrong to give to the planter, farmer, and
artisan, who create the utilities in which the im-
porter deals, the same information. I never en-
tertained a very high opinion of that charity which
sought its objects abroad; for, like the horizon,
their generosity recedes as you approach it. [
think our own people who produce the utilities in
which exporters and importers deal, are entitled
to a correct knowledge of their market value,
and to give them this information, I would send
them the mails. I have ever thought it the duty
of this Government to distribute its favors with
an equal hand, and when it fails in this, it is
derelict in duty. A knowledge of the marketcan
only come through such a medium, and when it
is eked out to one, and showered upon another,
it is not only favoritism, but the worst species
of protection in disguise. The mails from this
city, often, do not reach the section of country
m which f reside for weeks, when they ou<?;ht
to be received in seven or eight days. Such
a system may secure to itself a notorious noto-
riety, but its popularity is exceedingly problemat-
ical. Why send them around the southern route,
some one hundred and fifty miles south of their
destination ? Is it because of railroad lines owned
by soulless corporations or moneyed capitalists ?
Or is it because of the intervening of large com-
mercial cities5 lam inclined to the opinion, if
we could lower our vision, and cease to gaze upon
the marble palaces of the city millionaire, and
look to.the honest and laboring producer, we
would subserve the purposes of useful legislation
