1256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
Navy, and substituting an allowance of money in
lieu thereof; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Maine, in
favor of cheap ocean postage; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TOUCEY presented two petitions of inhab-
itants of the State of Connecticut, praying the re-
duction of the rates of ocean postage; which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a petition of citi-
zens of the United States, professing the Jewish
religion, praying that measures may be taken to
secure to American citizens of every religious
ereed, while traveling in foreign countries, the
rights of religious worship; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of
James A. Peden and other members of the Florida
bar, asking for an additional regular term of the
district court for the northern district of Florida,
and the passage of a law providing for appeals
from the decisions of the district court in admi-
ralty; which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a petition of in-
habitants of Coneautville, Pennsylvania, praying
a reduction of the rates of ocean postage; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of the La- I
dies' anti-Slavery Society of York county, Maine,
remonstrating against the repeal of the Missouri
compromise; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the proceed-
ings of a meeting of citizens of Washington coun-
ty, Iowa, in favor of a grant of public lands to
aid in the construction of the Philadelphia, Fort
Wayne, and Platte river air-line railroad; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of inhabit-
ants of Mansfield, Ohio, praying a reduction ofthe
• rates of ocean postage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Olllceand Post Roads.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of Rachel
McMillan, widow of Robeit McMillan, late a
surgeon in the _United Htnten Army, praying a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. CLAY presented a memorial of William
Wells and others, members of Captain Gee's
company of Alabama mounted volunteers, pray-
ing the reimbursement of losses sustained 111 con-
sequence of the sale, by the Government, at re-
duced prices, of their horses and furniture, for
which transportation to the United States was
refused after then- service in Mexico; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Aftaim.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Agricul-
ture, to whom was referred a petition of citizens
of Shenandoah county, Virginia, in relation to
the cultivation of the Irish potato, submitted an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PETTIT, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill for
the relief of John Boyd, reported it. back without i
amendment, and submitted an adverse report
thereon; which was ordered to lie printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill for the relief of Margai et A.
.Copley, of the State of Louisiana, submitted an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from thp same committee, to whom
was referred the bill to nathorizeT. H. McManns
to enter, by preemption, certain lands in the
Greensburg land district, Louisiana, submitted
an adverse report thereon; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom were referred a letter of
O. M. Wozeneraft, late Indian agent, in reply to
certain charges against him, and documents in 1
relation to the claim of J. C. Edwards for the
payment of a draft drawn by G. W. Barbour, In- 1
dian agent in California, asked to be discharged |
from the further consideration thereof; which was '
agreed to. ;
MARINE HOSPITAL.
Mr. CHASE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved} That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of pioviduiga marine hos-
pital at Cincinnati, in the State of Ohio.
COAST-SURVEV SERVICE.
Mr. STUART submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the necessity of an appropriation for con-
structing a new steam vessel for the coasl-survey service
in the upper lakes.
RAMSAV INVESTIGATION.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to offer, and ask for
the present consideration of, the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That, in addition to the documents in the case
of Alexander .Ramsay, late Governor of the Territory of
Minnesota, ordered to be printed on the 8th instant, all the
papers on file, as well as the correspondence between Ihe
commissioners and the First Comptroller, be printed with
Executive Document No. 61 of the present session.
Mr. STUART. I wish to know whether the
resolution embraces the reply of Governor Ramsay
himself to the report of (he commissioners ? .
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is intended to embrace
the testimony taken before the committee of the
Senate, previous to the reference of the question
to commissioners; and also the correspondence
between the commissioners and the Comptroller,
relative to the construction of the sub-treasury
law.
Mr. HUNTER. As the resolution is leading
to debate, I hope it will be laid over.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made, the
resolution cannot now be considered.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. CHASE gave notice of his intention to txfik
leave to introduce a bill to abolish the franking
privilege, and to provide for the distribution of •!
public documents. ||
HOUSE BILL REKEIUIED. J
The bill from the House of Representatives lo :
authorize a register to be issued to the steamer El
Paraguay by a new name, was read a first and ,
second time by its title; and referred to the Com- |i
mittee on Commerce. H
RESOLUTIONS OF CONNECTICUT.
Mr. SMITH. "Mr. President, a aeries of reso- ||
lutions have been transmitted to me, which have j;
been passed by the&enerul Assembly of my State,
on the subject of the measure now pending befene 1
Congress, proposing to repeal the Missouri com- I;
promise, with a request that I should lay the reso- jj
lutions before the Senate. I ask that they may ;;
be read. !!
The resolutions were read. < -
They set forth that the form of the prohibition j
of slavery in the act of 1820, as well as its incor- 1
poration in an act designed to be irrepealable, !i
pledged the public faith to the whole extent of the ,i
power of Congress against any tepeal of the pro- j
hibition thus enacted;and that the people of Con- i1
necticut have relied upon the perpetuity of that j'
enactment. They protest against the proposed j
repeal of the prohibition of slavery in the act of i
1820, as a violation of national faith, as destruct- 1
ive of mutual confidence between the States of the ■
Union, as exposing the Union itself lo imminent
peril, and as inconsistent with the fundamental
principles of national justice. They declare their
fixed purpose never to consent to the legal or actual '
admission of slavery into the Territory from which 1
it was excluded by the act of 1820, or of the ad- j
mission of elaveholdtng States fiom any portion
of that Territory.
Mr. CASS. I hope that those resolutions, when  
put into plain English, do not mean another Hart- !
ford Convention. • J
Mr. WELLER. They come pretty near it, I j
think.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. President, I apprehend there
is nothing in the resolutions that calls for the re- ,,
mark which the honorable Senator from Michigan ■;
has seen fit to make to the Senate. But whether
the resolutions mean another Hartford Convention j j
or not, one thing is certain, and the honorable ij
Senator may rely upon it, that these resolutions ']
express the sentiments of the people of the State ofij
Connecticut by an overwhelming majority; and
I tell the honorable Senator further, that they ex-
press the sentiments of a large majority of the
Democratic party of the State of Connecticut.
They passed the Senate of our State with only
one vote in the negative, and there were, I believe,
only some forty or fifty negative votes in the other
House.
The honorable Senator may, if he pleases, stig-
matize the sentiments contained in these resolu-
tions, as sentiments emanating from a Hartford
Convention. They are the sentiments of the free-
men of Connecticut, and I believe they will turn
out to be the sentiments of an overwhelming ma-
jority of the people of Michigan.
I make the usual motion, that these resolutions
lie on the table, and be printed for the use of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT. They will be printed as
a matter of course, under the rule.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I heard all this
kind of denunciation forty years ago, and with as
much violence and emphasis as can be used here,
and I heard the Hartford Convention defended as
a rightful act. That to which I wished to call
attention was a declaration in these resolutions
that they would not submit to the law of the land
when passed; and thinking I perceived something
of that sort in the resolutions, I was impelled to
ask whether there was to be a new Hartford Con-
vention. As to what the honorable Senator from
Connecticut says m respect to the feelings of a
majority of the people of the State of Connecticut,
1 know nothing about it. I have no right to con-
tradict him; but I know and I trust my co-asso-
ciates in the Senate know that if a law be passed
under this Government, which is constitutional—
and I trust we assume to pass no other—the peo-
ple of the State of Connecticut will submit to it.
I look to no other state of things.
With respect to the opinion of the people of my
own State, I thank the honorable Senator for being
sentinel there; but I believe I know their opinion as
well as he does. I believe the people of the State
of Michigan will sustain theirrepresentatives, when
those representatives carry through a great con-
stitutional principle, which secures to American
citizens wherever they are the right of self-govern-
ment. Allow me here to mention a single cir-
cumstance. This principle of self-governmenthas
been reproached, and I do not know but that the
reproach has been cast on me for using the term,
"squatter sovereignty " as applied to it. That
was no term of mine, although the Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Butler] supposed it was.
It was the term used by his eminent and deceased
colleague [Mr. Calhoun] as a term of reproach,
cast upon those who put forward the doctrine that
you should bring California into the Union upon
the principle of the right of men to govern them-
selves. That was the ground which I took, and
which others took.
I maintained, also, that not having provided agov-
ernnient for the people of California for two years,
they were entitled,, by all the laws of God and
man, to govern themselves. That we called the right
of self-government, and there was the origin of the
phrase. Of course I mean self-government within
the principles of the Constitution. That was all
we maintained; that ia what we maintain now. I
believe the American people will forever stand up
for that principle which carried their fathers
through the Revolution, and has given them the
most blessed government on the face of the globe.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. President, I leave the Sen-
ate to decide who it is that has commenced denun-
ciation on this subject. Did not the honorable
Senator from Michigan rise in his place and stig-
matize these resolutions as emanating from a spirit
which he supposes to have been an unpatiiotic and
an odious spirit, the spirit of the Hartford Conven-
tion J Sir, whether right or wrong, I do not hesi-
tate to say that these resolutions contain the opin-
ions and sentiments of an overwhelming majority
of the people of the State of Connecticut of all
parties, i should do injustice to the Democratic
party of that State, if I did not say that they are
utterly opposed to a repeal of the Missouri com-
promise; and in this particular they have been
most faithfully and ably represented in the other
wing of this Capitol, the whole delegation being
Cemociatic, and three of the members from the
State voting in opposition to this measure, and
but one m its favor. It ill became that Senator,
