1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I25f
then, to rise in his place and stigmatize his own
political friends in Connecticut as being actuated
by views, and entertaining sentiments correspond-
ing with those which are supposed to have been
entertained by the members of the Hartford Con-
vention.
But I should like to ask the honorable Senator
whether he has at all times maintained the ground
which he now assumes on this subject, and which
he has endeavored to maintain, 1 admit, with a
great deal of ability ? It so happened that I trav-
eled with the honorable Senator in the railroad
cars at the close of the session of 1846, after the
Wilmot proviso, as it is called, had been intro-
duced into the House of Representatives, and
with my own ears I heard the honorable Senator
say, that if it had not been for John Davis he
would have voted for the Wilmot proviso. He
not only said so, but he proclaimed it again and
again. Was that an emanation of the spiritof the
Hartford Convention, when the honorable Senator
said publicly, throughout the North, that ifit had
not been for John Davis, every Senator from the
free States would have voted for the Wilmot pro-
viso: It is notorious that the honorable Senator,
"in the northern country, avowed himself in favor
of that proposition; but, for some reason or
other, he saw fit to change his views upon the
subject. I am not about to reproach him with
inconsistency; but when I introduce respectful
resolutions, which have been passed by the Le-
gislature of my State, sustained by all parties,
and adopted by a very large and overpowering
vote, I will not sit here quietly and hear the hon-
orable Senator stigmatize the people of my State,
when it is well known that he himself was for
the Wilmot proviso originally, and would have
voted for it, if he had had an opportunity to do so
when it was first introduced to the consideration
of the Senate. I know very well the ground
which the honorable Senator has since taken, and
I know very well that he has changed his views.
This is a free country, and he has a right to change
his opinions; but he must pardon the people of
Connecticut if they have a little more stability on
this and other questions than the honorable Sen-
ator himself has. He must pardon them if they
have not whiffled quite as much—if they have not
been sometimes for, and sometimes against, the
Wilmot proviso. Sir, they are a people who are
in the habit of adhering with firmness to their
opinions when once formed and once expressed.
I did not expect to be drawn into a controversy
on this or any other subject. I presented those
resolutions. They are drawn up in respectful
language. They do not assail the motives of hon-
orable Senators. They make no attack upon the
motives of the honorable Senator from Michigan,
although he was one day for the Wilmot proviso,
and the next day against it. I do not call in ques-
tion the patriotism or rectitude of the honorable
Senator, but I will not stand here in silence, and
hear the motives of the Legislature of my State,
or of the people of that State, impeached. I came
back here to occupy my seat for three brief days,
and I expected to be permitted to occupy it with-
out being drawn into a contioversy on this or any
other subject; but I will say to the Senator from
Michigan, that I am ready for a controversy with
him, if he chooses to raise one with me, in regard
to this or any other matter.
The sentiments advanced in these resolutions
are the honest opinions of the people of my State.
They are my honest opinions, and I will main-
tain them with proper respect for the Senator and
for the majority of this body. I will maintain
them as long as God suffers me to live.
Mr. CASS. I hope, Mr. President, 1 may be
allowed to express the hope that the honorable
Senator will be enabled to employ the rest of his
three days more profitably. [Laughter.]
My position with respect to the Wilmot pro-
viso I have declared over and over again to the
Senate. It is not anew matter; but the honorable
Senator thinks he has given me a " poke," as it is
called. I poked myself; I have explained the whole
matter long ago. I have stated that, when the
"Wilmot proviso was first started, if I had voted,
I should have voted in favor of it. But then the
subject had not been considered or discussed. No
man had looked into it. It seemed to be a ques-
tion of liberty or slavery alone. But when the
subject came to be discussed, and the very first
time it was discussed, and when I gave a vote
upon it, the first vote was against it, and it was a
vote by which 1 hazarded my political station at
home, and tendered my resignation by it. Sir, it
does not always do to seek in our own breasts for
the motives of action of others'. We frequently
do others great injustice by doing so.
The position of the honorable Senator is very
extraordinary; I do not understand it at all. He
says I at one time would favor the Wilmot
proviso, and that I am now denouncing the peo-
ple of his State for pursuing the same course. Not
at all. I have not said one word to-day in favor
of, or against the Wilmot proviso. I do not
denounce anybody for being m favor of it. It is
a vision of his own imagination. But I object to
such threats as are contained m this paper, for,
talk of it, and explain it, and expound it as you
please, there is a threat in that paper. That is
what I was talking of. It is a threat that they
will not submit to the law of the land, not that
they are to gije up their opinions, not that they
are satisfied with their representatives voting
against it, but that, if the measure alluded to be
passed and become the law of the land, they do
not mean to submit to it. That was the point of
my objection.
1 have no objection to the vote of the honorable
Senator for or against the Wilmot proviso. I
have no objection to the opinions of his people for
or against it. But I do object to the presentation
of such a paper as this before the American Sen-
ate, and thus, before the American people, de-
nouncing an act of this Congress, or a presumed
act, and saying in effect " we do not mean to sub-
mit to it." Then 1 drew a parallel between that
and another act, which was denounced—an act of
war. During the progress of the war ft was de-
nounced. I do not wish to go into that matter,
but we know that a convention was held during
that war. The circumstances are known to the
whole country, and I need not repeat them. 1
will only say that I trust the same spirit will
never again appear in the United States.
Mr. SMITH. I deny that there is any threat
in these resolutions.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Read the third resolution.
1 Mr. CASS. Let anybody judge of that who
I pleases from reading the resolutions.
! Mr. SMITH. The resolutions have been read
! already.
I Mr. PETTIT. Let the third resolution be read
again
, Mr. SMITH. 1 have no objection.
I The Secretary read the resolutions, as follows:
St4.ie of Connecticut, £
General Assembly, May Session, 1854. J
I Wliereas, a bill is now pending m the Congress of the
[ United States lor the organization of (lie Territories of
Kansas and Nebiaska, by which the eighth section ol'the
I act preparatory to the admission of Missouri, approved
March ti, 1820, is declaim! inoperative and void :
i Resolved by this General Jlssembly, That the form of the
I prohibition of slavery, in the act ol 1820, as well as its in-
corporation in an act designed to be urepealable, pledged
1 the public faith, to the whole extent of the power of Con-
gress so to do, against any repeal of the prohibition so
enacted, and that the people of Connecticut liave therefore
i relied upon the perpetuity of that enactment, with full con-
fidence in the integrity and honor, both of the National
' Government, and of those States winch sustain the insti-
1 tution of slavery withm their own jurisdiction,
i Resolved, That in the name and 111 belialf of the people
of this State, wc protest agam«l the proposed repeal of ihe
| prohibition of slavery m the act preparatory to the admis-
I sioil ot Missouri, as a violation oftlie national faith, as de-
structive of mutual confidence between the States ot this
Union, as exposing the Union itself to imminent peril, and
[ as inconsistent with the fundamental principles of national
j justice.
! Resolved, That we declare our fixed purpose never to
consent to the legal or actual admission of slavery into the
: Territory from which it was excluded by the act of 1820, or
to the admission ot slavcholding States from any portion of
the same.
| Resolved, That the attempt to extend slavery over a vast
i region from which it lias been by law excluded, witll the
consent of the slaveholding States, ought to awaken the
people of Connecticut to the aggressive character of slavery
as a political power, and to unite them 111 determined hos
tilily to its extension, and to its existence wherever it conies
constitutionally within the reach of Federal legislation.
; Resolved, That tins General Assembly hereby declares
itself ready to cooperate with other States, in any legal and
constitutional measures, which the existing crisis or its con-
sequences shall demand, for the preservation of our rights,
and in defense of liberty.
Resolved, That our Senators m Congress be instructed,
and that our Representatives be earnestly requested to op-
pose, by all lawful means, and to the last extremity, the
bill under consideration, with the clause abrogating the pro-
hibition of slavery known as the Missouri compromise.
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions he transmuted
to the Senators and Representatives of this State in the
Congress of the United States, to be by them laid before
that body and to the Executives of the several States of
this Union. O. H. PERRY, Secretary of State.
Mr. SMITH. 1 deny that there is any threat
in these resolutions, or anything in the shape of
a threat.
Mr. CASS. A threat that they will not obey
the law of the land.
Mr. SMITH. They say they will not consent
to it. I will not consent to it; and I say to the
honorable Senator that a very large majority of
the people of the Union, in the northern States,
are opposed to it; but is that saying that we are
going to involve this country in a civil war; that
we are about to take up arms against Congress
and against the Government? Not at all, sir.
They will oppose it politically; they will oppose
it constitutionally; they will oppose it through the
efforts of their representatives in the two Houses
of Congress. That is all that there is in the reso-
lution. There is nothing in it in the shape of a
threat.
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE NAVY.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to say to the Senate
that I design at the very earliest moment to call
up the bill which was reported by me from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, a few days since,
for the improvement of the condition of the Navy.
I have not had that bill set apart as a special order,
for the reason of its importance, and in order that
the committee may be able to call it up at an early
day.
JOHN FRAZER.
Mr. HAMLIN. While I was absent from the
Senate some days ago, a private bill was indefi-
nitely postponed, which I think would not have
been done if a single word had been said to the
Senate in explanation. It is a bill for the relief of
John Frazer. It will require unanimous consent
to make a motion to reconsider. The Senator
from Alabama [Mr. Clay] voted in favor of its
postponement; and if he will consent to make the
motion, I hope there will be no objection to it.
Mr. CLAY. I voted for the postponement;
and, at the request of the Senator from Maine, I
make the motion to reconsider.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the motion will be entered.
There was no objection.
WEST INDIA SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. CLAYTON I present to the Senate the
following resolution; atjd, as it is one of inquiry,
I ask for its consideration now:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire into-the expediency of providing, by
law, for such restrictions un the power ot Amencan con-
sills residing m the Spanish West India Islands, to issue
sea-letters on the transfer of American vessels in those
Islands, as will prevent the abuse of the American flag in
protecting persons engaged in the African slave-trade.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on agree-
ing to the resolution.
Mr. CLAYTON. I desire to ask the attention
of the Senate while I submit a few remarks upon
the subject of this resolution. Since the year 1852
the slave trade has fearfully increased in the island
of Cuba. Thousands of African negroes have
been brought from the coast of Africa during the
last sixteen months and smuggled into this island,
and the fact has attracted the attention of good
men throughout the civilized world. No portion
of this Union is believed to be more decidedly op-
posed to this inhuman traffic than the southern
portion of it, where, although men are^deeply in-
terested in the preservation of their own peculiar
institution, the abhorrence of these outrages on
humanity by the African slave trade, exists as
strongly as it does in any other portion of the
world, and I think I am fully justified in saying
that the men of the South will go as far in putting
down this inhuman traffic in human flesh as any
others. Southern honor stands pledged to that
effect, and the brightest jewel in the chaplet of the
South is her honor. We are ail, then, equally in-
terested to inquire what has been the cause of the
recent extraordinary success of the slave trade in
the Island of Cuba' It is with regret that'I am
compelled to admit the fact that a great majority
of these slaves have been imported from the coasts
of Africa in vessels of American build, and that
these vessels, navigated by crews of American
sailors, and commanded by American captains,
