1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
547
my general repugnance to the entire character of
the measure. I would do nothing: in this House
to violate those principles which are the basis of
our Federal structure. The object of this bill is
intrusively to thrust the Federal Government be-
tween the States and their citizens. All other Gov-
ernments rest upon the idea that the people are
the means, and the Government the end; ours,
upon the idea that the Government is the means,
and the people the end; and the object is to de-
velop individuality. The tendency of this bill is
to destroy that, and to make the people of the
United States look, not only to Government as the
author of ail their blessings, but to look to the
Federal Governmentalmostexclusively. I main-
tain that the Government does not create property,
but only protects it. If this Government uses the
common property as an eleemosynary fund, out of
which to distribute favors, it does not do it by its
power of creating property, but by a departure
from the principle that its duty is simply to pro-
tect. It gives away unfairly to some that which
belongs to all. I oppose the bill upon those two
simple grounds. '
Now, having briefly stated my views, I am will-
ing to withdraw my amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS. I object. If the House
expects to get to a vote upon this bill, the best
way is to permit the withdrawal of no amend-
ment, but to vote upon them, and in that way
get through the bill.
The question was then put upon the motion to
strike out the first section of the substitute; and
it was decided in the negative.
The question then recurring upon the substitute
proposed by Mr. Cobb, it was put,and decided in
the negative.
So the substitute was rejected.
Mr. GROW. £ propose the following substi-
tute for the bill.
Mr. STEPHENS. I rise to a question of or-
der. It is not competent, in the present stage of
this bill, to offer any further amendment to it.
The substitute just voted upon was to strike out
the entire bill. The House having so voted, it is
equivalent to an agreement that the bill shall stand
as it is, and therefore it is not in order to amend
it further.
The CHAIRMAN. The rule which governs
the matter will be reported to the committee.
The 53d rule was then read, as follows:
"Any member may call for the division of the question,
which shall be divided if it comprehend propositions in sub-
stance so distinct, tkdt one being laken away a sub>t<uitiye
proposition shall remain for the decision of the House. A
motion to strike out and insert shall be deemed indivisible ;
but a motion to strike out lieiiiff lost shall preclude neither
amendment nor a motion to strike out and insert."
Tfce CHAIRMAN. The Chair is aware that,
under parliamentary law, a motion to strike out
being once lost is equivalent to agreeing to that
portion which the body had refused to strike out.
But, under the special provisions of this rule,
which says that "a motion to strike out being lost
shall preclude neither amendment nor a motion to
strike out and insert," it is in order to offer an
additional substitute for the bill.
Mr. STEPHENS. In my opinion, it was
founded upon parliamentary law.
The CHAIRMAN. As a question of parlia-
mentary law, the gentleman from Georgia would
be correct; but a special exception if? made in this
case by the rules of the House. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania offers the following amend-
ment to the bill.
The amendment was then read, as follows, by
the Clerk:
A BILL to encourage agiiculture, and provide a homestead,
out of the public domain, o( one hundi t*d and sixty acres
of land lot every head of a family, on condition of occu-
pancy and cultivation of the same for the period herein
specified.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assnnbled,
That any person who is the head of a family and a eiuzen of
the United States, or who shall have filed a declaration of
intention to become such, a* requiied by the naturalization
Jaws of the same, shall, from and after the passage of this
act, be entitled to enter, free of cost, one-quarter section
of vacant and unappropriated public land, or a quantity
equal thereto, to be located in a body, in conformity with
the legal subdivisions of the public lands, and after the
same shall have been surveyed.
Sec. 2. And be it. further enacted, That the person ap-
plying for the benefit of this act shall, upon application to
the register of the land office in which he or she is about to
make such entry, make affidavit before the said register
that he or she is the head of a family, and a citizen of the
United States; or, if not a citizen, that he has filed a dec-
laration of intention to become such, as required by the
naturalization laws of the same, and that the land so en-
tered is to be made his or her place of abode, and the
means, in whole or in part, of supporting a family; and
upon making the affidavit as above specified, and filing the
same with the register, he or she shall thereupon be per-
mitted to enter the quantity of land already sp- cifted : Pro-
vided, however, That no certificate shall be given, or patent
issued therefor, until the expiration of six years from the
date of such entry; and if, at the expiration of such time,
or at any time thereafter, the person making such entry, or,
if he or she be dead, then Ins widow, or, in case of her death,
then his or her heirs or devisee shall prove to the satisfac-
tion of the register of said land office tnat lie is a citizen of
the United States, and that he, she, or they have continued
to reside upon and cultivate said land from the time of en-
tering the same, and still reside thereon, and have not
alienated the same, or any pait thereof, nor entered into any
contract, bargain, or agreement, verbal or written, to dis-
pose of the same, or any part thereof, then in such case he,
she, or they, on payment of the sum of five dollars into the
Treasury of the United States, shall be entitled to a patent,
as in other cases provided for bylaw: Provided further,
That in case of the death of both father and mother, leav-
ing an infant child or children under the age of twenty-one
yoars, the right and the fee shall mure to the benefit of said
infant child or children, and the executor, administrator,or
guardian, may at any time within two years after the death
of the surviving parent, and in accordance with the laws of
the State in winch said land may be situate, sell the same
for the.beiiefit of said infant or infants, but for nu other pur-
pose whatever; and the purchaser at such sale shall acquire
the absolute title, and bo entitled to a patent ftom the
United States, on proof of the foregoing facts, and the pay-
ment into the Treasury of the United States of the sum
herein specified.
Snc. 3. And be U further enacted, That if at any time
after filing the affidavit, as required in the second section of
this act, and betore the expiration of the six years aforesaid,
itshall be proven, after due notice to the settler, to the sat-
isfaction of the register of the land office in which said
land shall be situated, that the person having filed such affi-
davit has changed his or her actual residence, or that the
said entry is oi has been at any time abandoned, exccpt in
case of hostile invasion, or of actual service by the occu-
pant in the Army or Navy of the countiy, in time of war,
then in that case the land so entered shall revert to the Gov-
ernment, and be disposed of as other public lands are now
disposed of by law.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That all land acquired
under the provisions of this act shall in no event become
liable to the satisfaction of any debt or debts contracted
prior to the issuing of the patent therefor.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That in all ca«es of
the death of both father and mother, leaving minor children,
one of whom takes upon him or herself the supervision and
maintenance of the younger children, such person shall be
considered as the head of a family, and entitled to all the
rights, privileges, and benefits provided by this act.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the registers and
receivers of the several land offices shall be entitled to re-
ceive the same compensation for any lands entered under
the provisions of this act that they aie now entitled to re-
ceive when the same quantity ofland h entered with money,
to be paid by the person making the application, at the time
of so doing.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the register of
the several land offices shall note all such applications on
the tract-books and plat* of his office, and keep a register
of all such entries, and make return thereof to the General
' Land Office, together with the proof upon which they have
been founded.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That all pcrsonsen-
teringiand under the provision* of this act shall be confined
to land subject to private entry ; and that nothing in this
act shall be so construed as to impair or m any way inter-
fere with existing pieomption rights.
Src. 9. And be it further enacted, That no individual
shall be permitted to make more than one entry under the
provisions of this bet, and that the Commissioner of the
General Land Office i* hereby required to prepare ami issue
such rules and regulations consistent with this act as shall
be necessary and proper to carry its provisions into effect.
Sec. 10. Andbe it further enacted, That no land here-
after surveyed by authority of the Government,except min-
eral lands, and such reservations as have been oi may be at
any time made by the Government for its own use, shall he
exposed, by proclamation or in any other way, to public
sale, but shall be subjectto private entry only, by actual set-
tlers alone who make such entry for the purpose of cultiva-
tion.
Mr. GROW. Having the same object in view
as the chairman of the committee [Mr. Dawson]
I who reported the homestead bill, I offer this sub-
i stitute, with no disposition to emljarrass the meas-
i ure, or in any way to retard its progress. I do
| it simply for this reason: 1 believe the substitute
; which 1 have offered covers all the amendments
I which have been adopted by the committee, with
! some other provisions that are better calculated,
j in my judgment, to guard the Government against
! fraud and imposition, as well as protect the set-
I tier. The first point of difference between the
! substitute and the original bill is as to the kind of
| citizens who are to receive the benefit of it. I
] simply propose that a man shall declare his in-
i tention to become a citizen of the United States
before he can make an entry under this bill, and
that he shall become naturalized before he can re-
ceive his patent. That is all the restriction, so
far as the native-born ornaturalized citizen is con-
cerned. Why should we make any other distinc- i
tion ? Why will you grant to a man who comes
to your shores to-day privileges that you deny to
one who comes to-morrow? What matters it
when the emigrant lands, if he takes upon himself
the burdens and duties of citizenship? Should he
not be entitled to all its benefits.
Another point of difference is, the original bill
provides, if at any time after filing the affidavit re-
quired in the second section, and before the expi-
ration of the five years, the settler shall have aban-
doned his entry for more than six months at any
one time, that then the land shall revert back to
the Government. I provide that it shall not be
abandoned at all, except in case of hostile inva-
sion, or of service by the occupant in the Army
or Navy of the United States in time of war.
Another point of difference which covers the
amendment offered by my colleague [Mr. Bridges]
is, that the person applying for the benefit of this
act is required to prove that the land so entered is
to be made his or her place of abode, and the
means in whole or part of supporting a family.
I also require before the patent is issued, that
the person so applying shall prove to the satisfac-
tion of the register of the land office that he or
she is a citizen of the United States, and that they
have not entered into any contract, bargain, or
agreement, verbal or written, to dispose of the
same or any part thereof; and that then, in such
case, he, she, or they, on payment of five dollars
into the Treasury of the United States, shall be
entitled to a patent, as in other cases provided for
by law.
1 propose to make these lands pay the expense
of their transfer and survey. While the settler
should not be required to pay anything for the
land itself, he should pay the expense of survey
and cost of transferring the titles. That has been
my position from the first; and in my remarks on
this subject at the last Congress, I said:
" To prevent conflicts as to what portions are appropri-
ated to each individual's use, it is necessary that his claim
should be defined; and this is best done by a survey.
Theiefore it is proper that the settler should pay the Gov-
ernment the cost of survey; for the survey, as conducted by
the land office, is (be best and most convenient mode of lay-
ing off lands."
That makes the system self-sustaining. It is,
therefore, just to all the interests of the country.
By it you do justice to the men who cannot and
wish not to leave their present homes for a settle-
ment under this bill; and you do no injustice to
the settler, for you take from him nothing but what
he would have to pay some other citizen if he did
not pay the Government: that is, for the survey
of his lands. I propose to add a new section to
the bill—
That in all case's of the death of both father and mother,
leaung minor children, one of whom takes upon him Of
herself the supervision and maintenance of the younger
children, such person shall be considered as the head of a
lamily, and entitled to all the rights, privileges, and benefits
provided by this act.
And another additional section confining all s
of the public lands hereafter to actual settlers.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania, proposes to strike out the. en-
tire bill, and insert the substitute offered by him.
I am opposed to his amendment.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is upon
the motion made by the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Jones,] that the committee rise and re-
port the bill.
Mr. GROW. I move, as an additional section
of the original bill, the following:
Sec. — And be it further enacted, That in all cases of
, the death of both father and mother, leaving minor children,
'I one of whom takes upon him or herself the supervision
11 and maintenance of the younger children, such person shall
11 be considered as the head of a family, and entitled to all the
!1 rights, privileges, and benefits provided by this act.
' j I have but a word to say upon the subject of this
!' amendment, for I presume it will strike the good
! I sense of every member of this committee as equally
j' meritorious with any provision of the bill. I will
11 simply state, that it provides that, in case of the
j| death of both father and mother, and one of the
H brothers or sisters takes upon himself, or herself,
|i the duty of providing for the maintenance of the
j' minor children, that brother or sister shall be en-
;j titled to make an entry under this bill, and to all
j the rights and privileges provided by it for heads
I of families.
