1-258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
have participated in that trade to an alarming ex-
tent, and m a manner which I will now proceed
to explain.
The owner of an American ship desiring to sell
her for a slaver, sends her with a cargo to Havana.
She arrives there with the understanding that she
is to be sold and employed in the slave trade.
Some wealthy individual or joint stock company,
tempted by the prospect of enormous profits, ad-
vances money enough to purchase the vessel, and
fit her out for an adventure to the coast of Africa.
By the laws of the United States, it is necessary
for her new owner to procure for her a new register
upon her return to this country, and within three
days after she has arrived at a port here. She is
generally purchased in the name of the captain
who sails with her to Havana, and who undertakes
with his employers to navigate her under the
American flag, and with an American crew, to
some port on the African coast at or south of Ele-
phant Bay, for enormous profits, proportioned to
the risk he incurs, but seldom falling short of five
or six thousand dollars. It was not the original
intention that she should return to the United
States; but her commander, on his arrival at Ha-
vana, deposits her papers with the American con-
sul, and obtains, in lieu of them, for the vessel, a
consular certificate, called a consular sea letter.
"With such a certificate, or, as it is said, some-
times with the original sea letter with which he
sailed from the United States, the captain em-
barks with the very crew with which he sailed
from the United States, under the American flag,
bound for Gahnas, or Cabmda, or some other port
on the coast of Africa where slaves can be best pro-
cured. He takes with him another captain and
another crew as passengers, to cover his design,
composed generally of Portuguese or Spaniards,
with the addition perhaps of a few American or
English desperadoes; and his cargo is generally
composed of farina, beans, casks of water, and
agua dente, sweetmeats, and boards seemingly
cast without care on the top of the water casks,
but'm reality all fitted and prepared, to make a
slave deck to stow away the slaves on their return
from Africa to the Island of Cuba, for which pur-
pose this slave deck, it is said, can be constructed
by the crew in less than an hour.
On the voyage from Havana to the coast of
Africa, if overhauled by an English cruiser, he
points to his American flag, and shows his Ameri-
can papers; and when he arrives at his port of des-
tination, tn pursuance of a previous arrangement
between those 'concerned in the trade in Cuba,
and their agents on the cotjst of Africa, the Ameri-
can colors are lowered, the American captain and
the American crew leave the vessel and go on
shore, or on board another vessel waiting there to
bring them back to Cuba, and the new captain
and crew, who sailed in the slaver as passengeis,
then take chaige of the vessel. If an English or
American cruiser be in sight, they receive timely
information by signals from the land, and thus
avoiding capUue, the vessel lays to within sight
of the barracoons, or slave pens, without taking
in sail, but merely lowering her topsails, until
her human freight is, by the immense barges or
boats piepared for the purpose on shore, put on
board the vessel. Thus, frequently, nine hundred
or a thousand slaves are .shipped aboard a vessel,
and she is off on her return voyage to Cuba,
eluding all puisuit in less than one hour after she
entered the port. Such an adventure in commonly
achieved m the night, but it is also sometimes per-
formed in broad daylight 1 remember that while
engaged professionally m the trial of an indict-
ment in the circuit court of the United States, for
such a violation of the acts of Congress, a sailor,
and a very intelligent witness, swore that he had
frequently seen a vessel run into the harbor of
Cabmda, send down her topsails on the caps,
and clear out with nine hundred slaves on board
in half an hour.
A consular passport or sea letter, as it is called,
is required by our treaty with Spain, in which its
character and purposes are described. Without
it a voyage from Havana to the coast of Africa
could not be performed, as the vessel could not
clear without it. Whatever may be its form, it is
considered indispensable. It is a protection against
English as well as Spanish cruisers. The^Eng-
hsh understand that we deny the right of search,
and when the sea letter is produced, and appears l>
to be regular, they permit the slaver to proceed on 1
her voyage without being searched, but when
our own cruisers overhaul a slaver they proceed
to search, and when they find such a cargo as I
have described on board, they seize the vessel as
a prize, and send her home for a trial. As none
but our own cruisers can capture her while she
is in possession of this sea letter, she may make
nine voyages out of ten to the coast of Africa in
safety, and if she be then captured, she has made
a fortune for her owners. No very long period
has elapsed since the Lady Suffolk, the General
DeKalb, the Silenas, and the Jasper, with many
other American vessels, have been employed in
this infernal traffic in the way I have described.
Sir, it is the duty of this Government to arrest
this evil. Every Senator will concur with me in
that. But the question is, how can we do it with-
out interfering with the interests of our ship-own-
ers ? The right to sell an American ship in a
foreign market is a very important right to us. If
upon the sale of a vessel in Cuba, a sea letter be
refused to the purchaser, the vessel must return
home for a new register before she can proceed on
a foreign voyage. To deprive her of the sea letter
when engaged m legitimate commerce, would be
felt as a great evil. But we must either tolerate
the slave trade with Cuba, and, in fact, Africanize
Cuba ourselves, or we must restrict the issuing of
these passports by some means which will effect-
ually prevent the American flag from beingabused
for the protection of persons engaged in the slave
trade.
i see that Mr. Schenck, our late Minister to
Brazil, in one of his dispatches to the State De-
partment, proposed to prohibit the issuing of sea
letters for any purpose; but it has occurred to me
that if an act of Congress were passed, directing
the purchaser of an American vessel m Cuba to
give bond with sureties in a sufficient sum that j
the vessel should not before her return to the ;
United States for a register be employed in the j
slave trade, arid should further provide thatalarge I
portion, say one half the sum to be exacted for a ]
violation of the condition of the bond, should be j
given to an informer who should prosecute the ,
slaver to conviction, it would perhaps as effect- j
ually stop the traffic as an utter prohibition of the j
passport, while an honest trader might find it ]
mote advantageous to give such a bond to enable '
him to proceed on a for-eign voyage before he re-
turned home for a new register. Other plans for
arresting the slave trade have also been suggested,
such as the prohibition of all direct trade in the
vessels of the United States between Cuba and
the coast of Africa, or prohibiting the expor-
tation from Cuba in United States vessels of cer- !
tain classes or specified articles of merchandise j
suited only or principally to be used in the traffic
for slaves, theemployment of small war-steamers !
of the class called propellers, constantly on the j
coast of Cuba, and the establishment ot consul- I
atee on the coast of Africa. Without the adop- '
turn of some method for the suppression of the j
slave trade, it will not be believed abroad that we ,
are sincere when we denounce it as piracy. All ;
these views are proper for the consideration of the !
Committee on Foreign Relations, but I am not
disposed to go into the discussion of them now.
Before I leave the subject of the resolution, it
may be well to remark that American ships are 1
always sought for in Havana for the slave trade, ;
and command a higher price when purchased or ■
chartered to be used as slavers than the vessels of
any other nation. Hence it is that our country- 1
men are more deeply implicated as participating
in this traffic than either Englishmen or Fiench-
men. We have acquired a degree of skill in the
construction of ships unequaled by any other na-
tion. The ship-builder has enjoyed ever since
the first of January, 1H50, when the act of Parlia-
ment repealing the British navigation laws went
into operation, the British market for the sale of
American vessels with the entire monopoly of
the American market. The British act of June,
1849, changed the definition of a British ship, not
requiring her to be of British build. We have
declined to change our navigation laws in this
regard, and still require that an American vessel
shall be of American build. This is a species of
manufacture which has always been protected
against foreign competition, not merely by pro-
tecting and discriminating duties but by utter pro-
hibition, and yet I believe that the American nav- •
igating and commercial interest has generally 1
opposed the tariff for the protection of American
manufactures.
But it is not merely the superiority of the
American vessel, but the superior character of
the American captains for skill, intrepidity, and
daring in these hazardous enterprises, that causes
them to be employed at higher prices than could
be obtained by others. The absence of an effect-
ive American naval force at Havana to arrest an
American slaver, is also to be considered in con-
nection with the fact that an English cruiser of
some description is almost always ready to seize
a slaver proceeding under English colors.
In connection with this subject, I desire to.make
some remarks in regard to an opinion which has
been intimated by my honorable friends from Loui-
sianaand Florida, [Mr: SunF.i.i.and Mr. Mallo-
ry.] They have both expressed the opinion, and
it has gone out to the country, that Spain has it in
view, at this time, to Africanize Cuba. When I
heard the speech of the honorable Senator from
Louisiana I confessthat, though differing from him
in his conclusions, I was strongly impressed by the
statements he made. I was inclined to believe
that when facts were set forth so carefully and
circumstantially to prove it, there was a disposi- '
tion manifested at this time on the part of Spain
to emancipate the slaves in Cuba. I was disposed
also to defer to the superior means of information
of the honorable Senator from Louisiana, as well
as that of the Senator from Florida; but I beg
leave to say to those gentlemen, who are now
present, that, after some examination of the sub-
ject, I doubt the justice of the conclusions at which
they have arrived, and I will venture to give some
reasons why I entertain these doubts. 1 shall be
very happy to be converted by them, if in error;
but, for the present, from the information before
me, the only proof that exists for an American
statesman to rely upon, shows that if Cuba is
about to become Africanized, it will be by our
own vessels and our own crews importing slaves
from the coast of Africa, and not by the efforts of
Spain or of the Captain General of Cuba.
I have seen, and I presume the honorable Sena-
tors to whom i have referred have aeen, the Diario
dc la J\Iarinaf published at Havana, of the 4th and
10th instant, and of the 12th instant. Those of
the 4th and 10th contain decrees of the Captain
General, the Marquis de Pezuela, which order a
registration of all the slaves in the island, and at
the same time authorize the local authorities, or
police officers of the island, to visit plantations
where slave labor is employed, for the purpose of
ascertaining whether slaves have been imported
into the island in violation of the treaties and laws
of Spain. The object, sir, proclaimed on the face
of these decrees, made under the authority of the
Queen, was to stop, the slave trade, to arrest the
very evil which was brought upon Cuba by our
countrymen, as I have already stated. Well, sir,
upon visiting those estates the police officers, with
the registry in hand of every slave on the planta-
tion, ascertained that a great many additions had
been made to the number of negroes, and satisfied
themselves that the new comers were blacks im-
ported from Africa, and they were accordingly
declared riot to be slaves. Then, sir, what was
the duty of the Spanish authorities under these
circumstances? What was the duty of the man
who controlled the government of the island—his
duty to God and man? The negroes were free;
they never had been slaves; they had been kid-
napped, and brought to Cuba by the pirates.
They were ignorant, destitute, and utterly inca-
pable of maintaining themselves. They did not
know how to work on plantations; they could talk
no word of English or Spanish; they could not be
understood; and in that wretched condition the
Spanish Governmentin Cuba treated them as free,
but for their own preservation it bound them as
apprentices for one year, and 1 think this ac-
counts for the statement to which one of the hon-
orable Senators referred, that the Captain General
himself took one of these apprentices. Surely, it
was his duty to do so, if 
Mr. SLIDELL, Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. CLAYTON. Certainly.
Mr. SLIDELL In the remarks which I made
I did not deal with the attempts of the Captain
General to give liberty to persons thus recently
introduced into the island. I made no comment on
the subject of the apprenticeship of these negroes.
