1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
549
The amendment reported above was again read.
The question was then taken and there were—
yeas 101, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abrrerombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Wiilis AiU'n. Ashe, Thomas It. Bayly, Barksdale, Benton,
Bocock, Breckinridge, Bridges, Brooks, Btttrcj, Caruihers,
Ca-^kie, Chastajn, (Jhri«man, Chngman, Cobb. Colquitt,
Cook. Cox, Craige, Cwllom, Cuinnnng, John G. Davis,
Dent, Disney, DowdHl, Dunbar, Edmundson, English,
Ewmg, Faulkner, Florence, Franklin, Fuller, Green,
Gieenwood, Grey, HmnKon, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley
t\ Harris*, Ifamsori, Haven, Hendricks, Henn. Hill, Hous-
ton, Hunt, Johnson, Geor^p W. Jones. J. Glaucy Jones,
Roland Jones, Keitt, ICidwell, Kurtz, Letcher, Lmdley,
Lind-Iey, McDoiiuaH, MeMulhn,McNair, McQueen, Max-
well, Mav, Middlf^warUi, John G. Miller, Smith Miller,
Mill-on, Mordecai Oliver, Buliop Perkins, John Perkins,
SMielp*, Phillips, Preston, Beady, Richardson, Thomas
Ritchey, Iiobbtns, Rogers, Rowe, Rnffin, Seward, Shaw,
Shower, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
William R. Smith, Snodgrass, Soliers. Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Richard H. Stairton, VaH, Vansani, Walbmlge, War-
ren, Mantel J3. Wright, Hendnck 15. Wright, and Zolhcof-
fti—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Appleton, Banks, Belcher, Bennett,
Boi^on, Campbell, Carpenter, Ohamherlain, Chandler,
Cha>e, Clark, Corwin, Crocker, Cutting, Thomas Davis,
Dawson, Dean, Pe Witt, Dick. Dickinson, Drum, East-
man, Edgcrton, Edmands. Ellison. Everhart, Farley, Gam-
ble, Giddtngs. Goodrich, Grow, Hastings, Ilowe, Hughes,
Daniel T.Jones, Kittredge, Knox. Lane, McCulloch. Maey,
Maiteson, Mayall, Meachaw, Morgan, Moruson, Nichols,
Noble, Norton, Olds, Andiew Oliver, Peckham, Penning-
ton, I'ratt, Pringle, I'uryear, Rus<ell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp,
'drymour, Gerrit Smith, George W. Smyth, Stratton, An-
drew Stuart, John L. Taylor, Thurston, Tiacy, Trout,
Tweed, tTpham, Wade, Elhhti P . Wa-hlmrne, Ur*el Wash
burn, John Wennvortli, T.ippan Weutwwith, VVe&tbrook,
Wheeler, and Yates—78.
So the amendment was adopted.
The SPEAKER. If it be the pleasure of the
House, the remaining; amendments will be read;
and any gentleman desiring a separate vote on any
one of them will rise and announce his desire.
The Clerk will report the second amendment.
The Clerk then continued to read the amend-
ments; and the question being put upon those on
which no separate vote was asked, they were
agreed to.
The third amendment, upon which Mr. Lane,
of Indiana, asked a separate vote, was then re-
ported, as follows:
" Insert alter the word 'lands,' m the sixth line of the first
section, the woids ' which may at the tune the application
is made, be sublet to private entry atone dollar and twenty-
five cents per acre,' so that the clause will read :
kt That anv person who is the head of a family, or who
hn* arrived at twenty one years of age, and a cm/en of the
United Slates, shall, from and after the passage ot this act,
lie eutiih d to enter, fiee of cost, one quarter section of va-
cant and unappropriated publ.c land*, which may, at the
time the application is made, be subject to private entry at
one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre," &c.
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
The fourth amendment, upon which Mr. Mill-
son had requested a separate vote, was then re-
ported, as followst
"insert after The won] ' in tlic fifth line (tf the
second section, the words ' or is twenty-one years of age,5
so that the clause shall read :
Ci That the person applv-ing for the benefit of this act
Shall, upon <ipphc«ttion to the rct-1-.tei of the land oilice in
which he or *Iip is about to make such entry, make affida
vrt before the said icgister that he or she is the head of a
family, or n- twenty-one years of age," &c.
Mr. M1LLSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 97, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The fifth and last amendment was then read, as
follows—at the end of the bill to insert the foliow-
ing:
"Provided further, That the provisions of this act shall
be so conMi tied as to authorize the class of peisons pro
virted for m the foregoing part ot this act, who may not own
one hundred and «iiiy aci«s of land, to enter tree of rost
anv pabhc lands adjoining his or her farm subject to entry
at the minimum pnee, a quantity which, when added to
what they may now own,shall be vqnai to one hundred and
sixty acres; provided that he or she shall cultivate the
whole or part theieof."
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The hill, as amended, was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and having been
engrossed, it was read the thud time.
Mr. DAWSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read the third time, and to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 move the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. CL1NGMAN demanded the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill; which were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 107, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abcrcrombie, James C. Allen, Willis
Allen, Banks, Bennet, Benton, Breckinridge, Bridges,
Ilugg, Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chamberlain, Chan-
dler, Chase, Chnsman, Churchwell, Clark, Cobb, Cook,
Cot win, Cox, John G. Davis, Daw>on, Dean, Dick, Dis-
ney, Drum, Dunbar, Eastman, Edperton, Elliott, Ellison,
English, Ewmg, Farley, Florence, Gamble, Goodrich,
Green, Greenwood, Grey, Grow, Andrew J. Harlan, Harri-
son, Hendricks, Ilenn, Houston, Howe, Ingersoll, Johnson,
Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Knox,
Lane, Lindlev. bind-ley, McCullough. McMnllin, Macy,
Maxwell. Mayall, Middleswarth, John G. Miller, Morgan,
NichoN, Norton, Olds. Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver,
Peckham, Pennington', Phelps, Preston, Pringle, Ready,
Richardson, Thomas Ritchey, Robbing, Russell, Sapp,
Shannon, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William R Smith,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard FL Stanton, Ilestor L. Ste-
vens, Stratton, Andrew Stuart, John L. Taylor, Thurston,
Trout. Tweed, Vail, Vansant, Walbndge, Warren, Elhhu
B. Washhurne, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth,
We-tbrook, Wheeler, Hendnck B. Wright, Yates, and
Zolhcoffer—K'7.
NAYS -Messrs. Aiken, Appleton, Ashe, Thoma«? H. Bay-
ly, Barksdale, Belcher, Benson, Bocock, Boyce, Brooks,
Caskie, Chastain, Clingman, Colquitt, Craige, Crocker,
Cummins, Cutting, Thomas Davis, Dent, I)e Wilt, Dick-
inson, Dowdell, Edmands, Edmundson, Faulkner, Frank-
lin, Fuller, Gnode, Hamilton, Sampson W Harris, Wiley
| P. Hartis, Hastings, llaven, Hibbard, Hill, Hunt, J. Gl.mey
j Jones, Keitt, Ketr, Kidwell, Kith edge, Kurtz, Letcher,
| MeDoHsall, Mc&ueeri, Matteson, May, Me.'chanu Smith
| Miller, Millson, Morrison, Bishop Petkins, John Perkins,
I Phillip*, Piatt, Puryear, Rogeis, Rowe, Rutiin, Sabiu,
1 Stward, Seymour, Shaw, Gerrit Smith, William Smith,
George W. Smith, Snodgrass,Tracy, Upham,Israel Wash-
burn, and Daniel B. Wright—72.
So the bill was passed.
Pending; the call of the roll,
Mr. DAWSON said: I wish to state that Mr.
Latham, one of the members from California,
who is not present on account of indisposition in
his family,has requested me to state that if he had
been here, he would have voted for the passage of
this bill. I take great pleasure in stating that there
was no man in this House a more devoted friend
of the bill, and who was more anxious for its pas-
sage than the distinguished gentleman from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. ORR also said: I was accidentally out of
! the plouse at the time the roll was called. Had
i I been present, I should have voted against the
j passage of this hill.
! Mr. DAWSON moved to reconsider the vote
j by which the bill was passed, and to lay the mo-
! tion to reconsider upon the table; which latter mo-
tion was agreed to.
I The title to the bill was then read, as follows:
! A bill to en-courage agriculture, commerce, manufactures,
and all other branches ol industry, by granting to eveiy
man who is the head of a family, and a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, a homestead of one hundred and sixtj acres of
land out of the public domain, upon condition of occupancy
ami cultivation of the same tor the period heiein speci-
fied.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to amend the title
of the bill as follows:
An act to dispose of the public lands in limited quanti-
ties, upon tue condition ol' actual settlement and cultiva-
tion for five years.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does the gentle-
man from Maryland move his amendment ill lieu
of the present title?
Mr. HAMILTON. I offer it in lieu of the
present title.
Mr. JONES. I offer the following as an amend-
ment in lieu of that offered by the gentleman from
Maryland,and the present title,and upon it I call
the previous question:
A bill to grant a homestead of one bund red and sixty acres
of tile public lands to actual settleis.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Jones's
amendment, and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the title, as
amended, and it was agreed to.
Mr. JONES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the title, as amended, was agreed to, and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I move that the
House adjourn.
THE NEXT SPECIAL ORDER.
Mr. COBB. I want to call the attention of the
House for a moment to the fact, that by their
order the bill of the House (No. 1) in relation to
the reduction and graduation of the price of the
public lands was made the special order, to im-
mediately follow the one which we have had for
some time under consideration. I would suggest
to the House, inasmuch as we have many bills of
importance upon our Calendar; inasmuch "as the
consideration of the deficiency bill and the general
appropriation bills is pressed upon us, to say
nothing of the territorial bills which we shall be
called upon to consider, that we postpone, and,
with the consent of the House, I will move to
postpone the consideration of the special order for
three weeks. That will give us time to dispose
of other measures, perhaps equally important,
which are pressing upon our consideration. So
far as I am individually concerned, I should prefer
that the bill to which I have referred should have
immediate consideration; but I am aware that the
House have been much fatigued with the consid-
eration of one homestead bill, and I am not dis-
posed to press them immediately to consider the
other one, unless it be their wish. With a view,
therefore, of accomplishing that object, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to postpone the
consideiation of the special order forthree weeks.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
the Gardiner case.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia to withdraw the motion to
adjourn, for the purpose of enabling me to ask the
consent of the House to offer a resolution, to which
[ am quite sure there will be no objection.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw the motion, with
the understanding that the gentleman will renew ,
it as soon as his matter has been disposed of.
Mr. PERKINS. I will renew it. I now ask
the unanimous consent of the House to offer the
following resolution, which I ask may be read for
information.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be instructed to
inquire into the propriety of directing legal proceedings to
be instituted to recover any sum of money which may have
been paid to any person out of the Treasury on the claim
of Gardiner and Mears, under the Commission whioll ad-
judicated the claims on Mexico under the tieaty of Guada-
lupe Hidalgo.
There being no objection, the resolution was
accordingly presented.
Mr. CUTTING. I hope the gentleman will
| take into consideration the propriety of adding a
'provision authorizing that committee to send for
I! persons and papers. Unless they have this author-
1 lty, it will be impossible for them to determine
J' against whom to commence judicial proceedings,
ji Mr. PERKINS. I have no objection to that
j amendment, if the gentleman will move it.
; Mr. CUTTING. 1 ask the gentleman to accept
i[ it as a part of his resolution. With that we shall
be able to arrive at the object of the resolution.
Mr. PERKINS. I will accept the modification.
The resolution, as modified, was then reported
to the House.
The question was taken; and the resolution, as
modified, was agreed to.
Mr. PERKINS. In fulfillment of my promise
to the gentleman from Virginia, I now move that
the House adjourn.
I Mr. HIBBARD. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia to withdraw his motion for a moment, to
enable me to introduce a single resolution of in-
quiry, to which, I apprehend, nobody will object.
1 Mr. LETCHER. I will withdraw it.
! The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn was
submitted by the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Perkins.] Does the gentleman withdraw it?
Mr. PERKINS. It is not in my power to with-
draw it without the consent of the gentleman from
Virginia.
Mr. LETCHER. I am willing that it shall be
withdrawn.
Mr. PERKINS. Then I withdraw it.
AMENDMENT OF THE BOUNTY LAND LAW.
Mr. HIBBARD. I offer the following resolu?
tion:
