1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1259
But I did endeavor to call the attention of the
Senate to the tact that Spain is now encouraging
the importation of barbarian Africans, not as
slaves, but as apprentices, and adopting the sys-
tem of colonization, which, if carried out, will ex-
ceed in its horrors anything which has occurred
in the annals of the slave trade in former years."
I showed, 1 think, by reference to the instructions
on the subject of colonization and immigration,
that they were allowed to carry four persons to
the ton, somewhat in the proportion of ten to one
of those allowed by our law. But 1 never ob-
jected; I made no reference in the way of criti-
cism, or commentary, or disapprobation to the
attempt of the Captain General to putan end to the
slave trade in the Island of Cuba; but I have de-
nounced the attempt to establish in another form,
and under another name, a trade which I thought
infinitely more dangerous to us, and quite as cruel
to the poor Africans themselves, as the slave
trade which existed in former years. I believe the
Senator from Florida [Mr. Mallory] made some
allusion to the fact to which the Senator from Del-
aware referred.
Mr. CLAYTON. I will reply to the point
made by the honorable Senator directly; but I
wish first to close my remarks in regard to this
order of registration, authorizing the police to
ascertain whether slaves had been imported into
Cuba. The honorable Senator admits there is
nothing wrong in that. I am happy to hear it.
The Spanish authority has done nothing that it
ought not to have done on that score. They have
obeyed the dictates of humanity in regard to that
registration, and the order for apprenticing ihe
victims of the slave trade.
Then, sir, the honorable Senator tells us that
the order nas been issued for the colonization of
Cuba, and he thinks with African negroes.
There, sir, is the point upon which the honorable
Senator is mistaken. I have this day seen the
order itself, the decree in the Diario de la Marina
of the 12th instant; it does not propose to intro-
duce African laborers into Cuba, but free labor-
ers, Spaniards, Chinese, Coolies, and Yucatan
Indians. I am assured, and I do verily believe, that
nothing is further from the intention of the Spanish
Government, at this very time, than to pursue a
policy so suicidal, so destructive to her own in-
terests, so injurious to us, and so infamous, as
that of attempting to Africanize Cuba by means
of the emancipation of the slaves.
The order, or decree, published by the Captain
General, I say again, sir, confines the introduc-
tion of the free laborers into Cuba, contemplated
by it, to Spaniards, Chinese, Coolies, and Yuca-
tan Indians. Why, sir, reflect /or a moment—
amidst the din that has been raised on this sub-
ject—upon what is the interest of Spain. She
is not utterly insensible to her own interests We
have offered her one hundred million of dollars
for Cuba. She owes eighty millions to England,
or rather to British capitalists. She must have
become more philanthropic than I have ever heard
she was before, and more willing to sacrifice for
her philanthropy, if she is willing now to try this
experiment. If it is to be done for the purpose
of spiting us, it will be the most expensive indul-
gence of malice I ever heard of. Sir, the Gov-
ernment of Spain is poor; she cannot afford to
throw away a hundred miljions of dollars. Cuba
is not only important to Spain on account of the
revenues accruing from it; but because it furnishes
the Spaniards of Old Spain the best market in
the world for their wheat. It is for that reason,
among others, that you can never make an im-
pression on the Spanish Cortes when you offer to
purchase the Island of Cuba. It is a greater ob-
struction in your way, when you attempt to buy
Cuba, that that market for wheat exists there,
than the whole revenue derived from the island by
the Q.ueen and the Government.
A discriminating duty, every one knows, amount-
ing to ten dollars a barrel, is made m the Island
of Cuba in favor of Spanish flour, and not only
against us, but everybody else. It is for the
gratification of the Spanish agriculturists that
such an enormous discrimination is made. Do
you believe, sir, considering the deep interest
which these agriculturists have in the island, in
consequence of the fact which I have stated, and
the power whicl^ they exercise in old Spain, suffi-
cient to crush any administration there, that Spain
intends, merely for the purpose of gratifying her
malice towards us, to turn loose half a million of
brigands in the island, to slaughter, to burn, and
to destroy everything before them, and to renew
all the horrors of San Domingo ? 1, for my part,
cannot believe it. If my honorable friends who
have ventured this opinion cannot bring forward
something stronger than anything which I have
yet seen introduced, I must take leave to express
my dissent, and to say that 1 believe, at this mo-
ment, nothing is further from the intentions of the
Spanish Government than to emancipate the
slaves in Cuba, which would be attended with
the inevitable destruction of their island.
Mr. President, these impressions, honestly
entertained, have been now candidly and openly
expressed to honorable Senators here. 1 hold
myself, notwithstanding this expression of opin-
ion, open to conviction, if gendemen on the other
side of the Chamber will produce facts to satisfy
me that such a thing is contemplated by the Span-
ish Government at this time, as the utter rum of
that island. I am anxious to get all the inform-
ation that can be had on the subject, and shall
be thankful to any one who will correct any error
into which I may have fallen.
Mr. WELLER. I should undoubtedly have
objected to the introduction of this resolution this
morning, if I had anticipated that the honorable
Senator from Delaware contemplated making a
speech. The subject, into the discussion of which
the honorable Senator from Delaware has deemed
it proper to go this morning, has been referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations. That Sen-
ator is a member of the committee; and he is
aware of the fact that a meeting has been called
for to-morrow for the express purpose of passing
upon the very subject that he has been debating.
I conceive, therefore, that it would have been
much more proper for that Senator to have waited
until the committee, of which he is a member, had
had an opportunity of investigating the facts, and
making a report to this body. Upon the resolu-
tion being submitted by my friend from Louisiana
[Mr. Slidlll] the other day, the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Chase] intimated a desire to discuss
the question, but he was prevailed upon to with-
hold the discussion until the subject could be
properly brought before us on the report of the
Committee on Foreign Relations. The example,
however, has this morning been set by one of the
oldest members of that committee, of discussing a
question which he proposes shall be investigated
by the committee in order to get at the facts.
Does not every Senator discover that the right
way would have been to have the committee first
investigate the questions upon which he and the
Senator from Louisiana differ? And when thecom-
mittefe shall have submitted the facts, we shall be
enabled to enter upon the discussion with an un-
derstanding of its merits. But the other course
has been adopted. I know it has been the prac-
tice in the Senate to introduce a resolution of in-
quiry merely for the purpose of hanging a speech
upon it. That has been the practice; but 1 give
notice now that I shall object to that course heie-
after. Itis,in my judgment,a practice that would
be more honored in the breach than the observance
when we have practical questions to dispose of.
It would be much better to proceed to the dispo-
sition of the public business instead of discussing
; in advance a question that must be investigated
by a standing committee. I appeal, therefore, to
the Senate to suffer this whole question to go to
the Committee on Foreign Relations; and after
they shall have made a report, we can have a full
and free interchange of opinions here. But to the
Senator from Delaware I must be allowed to say
that I think it would have been much more re-
spectful to the members of the committee to which
he belongs, if_he had abstained from the discus-
sion of this question until we could have met to-
morrow, and interchanged opinions amongst our-
selves.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I have been
referred to by the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware; and without any desire to engage in the
discussion of the subject to which he has alluded
at this time, I think it will be proper for me to
make a remark or two explanatory, as I conceive,
of the points which he has made.
The expediency of restricting the power of our
consuls in granting " sea letters" to American
vessels, upon their sale to American citizens in
foreign countries, upon which the Senator from
Delaware has commented, must be evident to
every man acquainted with our commercial trans-
actions abroad; and in connection with such trans-
fers, I will remind the honorable Senator, of what
he is well aware, that American citizens abroad
may purchase foreign vessels, and obtain in addi-
tion to the bill of sale or instrument, a transfer, a
notarial certificate of property, and that such cer-
tificate, though it'does not confer upon the vessel
thus acquired an American character, makes her
American property, and, as such,entttled to all the
protection of the flag. Such vessels may engage
in the slave trade. Indeed, vessels thus sailed
may, under existinglaws, engage in our coastwise
trade, subject only to the payment of foreign ton-
nage upon every entrance at our custom-houses.
This question should, I think, go to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, in connection with
that of sea letters, to which the Senator from
Delaware has referred.
Mr. CLAYTON. Certainly.
Mr. MALLORY. Now, sir, I proposed, when
I introduced a resolution of inquiry a few days
ago, and had it referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to defer discussion (for I conceive
it to be one of the most important which can come
before us) until the question shall come up from
that committee; but the honorable Senator's re-
marks may, perhaps, mislead some of us who
have not given special attention to this subject.
He asks very pertinently what interest has Spain
in Africanizing Cuba ? Certainly such a course
would be suicidal; and it is apparent to all, that so
long as she can maintain her possession of the
island, her clear and unquestionable interest pre-
cludes the consideration of such a course. The
violations of private rights alone, apart from all
other views, would forever induce an honorable
nation to avoid such a calamity. Cuba, the "ever
faithful Cuba," is l«r principal colony, for the
Phillipines and Porto Rico add but little to the
revenues of the Crown. Cuba takes Spain's sur-
plus flour, her oils, wines, and cotton fabrics,and
many other articles of her produce and manufac-
ture, and receives in return Cuba's sugar, tobacco,
coffee, cigars, &c., giving to Spain profitable em-
ployment for outward and homeward voyagers of
her shipping, building up her merchant marine,
and fostering a valuable school for seamen. This
most valuable trade we have, by our unwise at-
tempts at retaliation, aided to build up.
Spain, without seamen or shipping, saw the
necessity of discriminating in favorof her own
tonnage against that of all other nations, and did
so by the imposition of heavier dulies upon for-
eign vessels and their cargoes than upon her own.
We, to coerce her into the abandonment of this pol-
icy, retaliated by corresponding enactments; en-
actments which have sent Spanish purchasers to
the markets of England, France, and Russia, where
no such restrictions upon her tonnage exists; and
the result is, that while the Spanish flag is scarcely
ever seen in our ports, Cuba imports from Great
Britain alone about four millions of her products
and manufactures annually in Spanish bottoms.
Such are some of the prominent interests and
considerations which must induce Spam to make
almost any sacrifice to retain this colony; and un-
less we can find in her policy, as manifested by her
acts and declarations, strong presumptions of a
design to Africanize it, it would be as illogical as it
would be unjust to her, to entertain the supposi-
tion; for to Africanize Cuba, sir, is to arm the
beastly and brutal African, fresh from his jungle,
thirsting for blood, knowing no law, ignorant of
all restraints, and to hurry him on to the slaughter
of the white race and the desolation of the island !
To Africanize, sir, is to sum up, in one word,
those horrors of which the civilized world was
ignorant until St. Domingo's fiends, in liberty's
name, devised them ! I think, sir, a fair review
of Spain's policy and present position, with refer-
ence to Cuba, will justify our reasonable appre-
hensions of such a result; and it becomes us to
determine whether we shall await its consumma-
tion, or by timely and judicious action avert it.
Such a review, sir, a calm and dispassionate re-
view, I trust this subject will receive at the hands
of the committee.
Sir, I concur in much that the honorable Sen-
ator from Delaware has said with reference to
American vessels in the slave trade. I deplore it,
sir, as much as he does, and would, at almost any
cost, desire tj see it annihilated. The only two
