i260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
slavers of which I have had any knowledge, were
American vessels. One of these, the Jasper, to
which the Senator hats alluded, came directly
from Havana to the coast of Florida, and subse-
quently, as I learn, delivered a cargo of slaves in
Cuba; "and, sir, following a suggestion which has
been urged with much force in Great Britain with
reference to her fleet on the African coast, I can-
not doubt that our ships would be more efficiently
as well as more economically and safely employed
upon the coast of Cuba than upon the coast of
Afrtca, in suppressing this trade.
But, sir, what can the ships of Great Britain
and the United States do against the open and un-
equivocal encouragement and protection extended
to the slave trade by the Cuban authorities ?
Think you, sir, a slaver could land hercargo upon
the shores of Cuba, were the authorities, in good
faith, using the means at their command to prevent
it ? No, sir, not one in ten thousand could escape
detection. A large portion of Spain's effective
Navy patrols the shores of Cuba, while an army
of sixteen thousand regular troops form its garri-
son. Its detectives and spies have proved to be
as active and adroit as the days of Fouchet ever
exhibited, and the Captain General has the means
of knowing the character and condition of every
negro landed upon the island.
And yet, sir, what are the facts? Why, we
well know that Spain, in 1817, solemnly engaged
to abolish and prohibit the slavetrade, and re-
ceived from Great Britain as an inducement to do
so, and as an equivalent for losses to be incurred
by its suppression, four hundred thousand pounds.
This, sir, was thirty-seven years ago; and as,
according to the most reliable Cuban statistics,
five per cent, of her slaves die annually, notwith-
standing all increase by births, it follows that
slavery would have been extinct in Cuba seven-
teen years ago, had Spain redeemed her plighted
faith.
It must be remembered that the number of males
imported from Africa, greatly exceeds that of the
females, and births among them are not in the
usual proportion to population.
Now, sir, here we have the startling fact that, in
the face of Spain's pledge to abolish the slave trade,
it lias been carried on steadily throughout this en-
tire peiiod of thuty-seven yeais, and that the
number now on the island is nearly five hundred
thousand.
Nor, sir, has there been much concealment
about it. The commercial house*! engaged in it,
and their vessels, have, in years gone by, been as
well known in Havana as is the Captain General's
palace; and the poll tax upon the slaves, fluctua-
ting with the avuuce of succeeding Captains Gen-
eral, in known to have varied from three to five
ounces, it has, in fact, been a source of vast
revenue to them.
These proceedings have not been unknown to
Great Britain. She has publicly and indignantly
denounced them, and haw obtained, from time to
time, the promises, the decrees, and the action of
the colonial authorities, apparently conceived in
good faith, to lemedy the evil. Yet, sir, there it
stands—a monument of Spain's treaty pledges!
What, sir, can we do to suppress this trade, so
long as this state of tilings exists m Cuba?
Now, sir, let us not lose sight of the fact that
the Creoles of Cuba have no part, no station, voice,
or responsibility in its government; that its laws,
their exponents, and their executive officers, come
from Spain; and that these authorities are respon-
sible alone for the slave ti ade. The Creoles have,
by every means, every remonstrance and argument
in their power, pointed out its evils; and they have
contemplated with horror its blighting effects upon
themselves, and their country, and their posterity.
But, sir, their appeals have never produced the
slightest modification of Spam's consistent and
determined policy to equalize, numerically, the
slaves and the freemen; and if the slave trade has
sometimes fluctuated, these fluctuations have ever
bean produced by this hellish policy alone. Spam
well knows that the "ever faithful" Cuba could
not be subjected by her standing army, large as
it is. And in the language of one of her chosen
and most enlightened statesmen, she regards her
power of arming the African slaves as equal to
an army of a hundred thousand men.
Thus, sir, has Spain encouraged, nursed, and
protected the African slave trade, not with the
view of Africanizing, but as a means of control-
ling the island, well knowing that this deadly,
blighting policy tends, beyond any other means
in her power, to crush her dawning hopes of free-
dom; and the Cubans, isolated, alone, and un-
aided, their words, acts, lives, and liberties con-
strained, fearfully contemplate and ponder upon
a struggle whose termination may be the knell of
the white race in their lovely land.
But, sir, the honorable Senator from Delaware
has referred us to the recent decree of the Cuban
authorities for the registration of the slaves as an
evidence of their intention faithfully to suppress
the trade. It may be so, sir; but, with their con-
sistent encouragement of it heretofore in the face
of their treaty, their promises, their mixed com-
mission, and their decrees and apprenticeship sys-
tem, we may be excused the indulgence of a doubt
of their designs now.
I regard this decree, sir, as nothing more than
a proo/ that Great Britain has, with more than
her former firmness, demanded action at the hands
of the Cuban authorities. Observe the British
papers, sir, and you will find a tone upon this
subject as unlooked for as it must be startling to
Spain. A recent number of the Liverpool Times,
in commenting upon Spanish affairs, says:
" In the present state of feeling in England, no great re-
gret would be felt if the Americans were to get possession
ut Cuba in the scramble. On its present hands, that beau-
tiful island is a source to us of moie annoyance than any
other place on the globe, Russia not excepted."
Such opinions from the British press have
aroused Spai'rf to action, and to them is, in my
judgment, to be ascribed her new-born zeal.
When we reflect, however, that a similar system,
promises and decrees, have been heretofore made
and disregarded, we can have but little faith in
those of to-day. The emancipados were formerly
hired out for seven years; and under the present
decree this term is reduced to one year. And, sir,
looking at the past, may we not anticipate that
the slave trade will progress as it ever has in Cuba
since 1817; and that whether Spain shall call the
i brutal and savage African a slave or an emancipado,
she will import him, and maintain him in terrorem
over the Cubans as a means of retaining her
ascendency ? it is a means, and perhaps a means
as effectual as terrible.
Should Cuba, by her policy, become a second
St. Domingo, she would reasonably hope to pos- ;
sess peculiar privileges and commercial relations
with it; but, sir, are we to fold our arms and await
the operation of causes which are calculated, if
not designed, to produce such results'1 Or are we
at once to mark out and adopt a Cuban policy,
based upon what we all believe, that the island
will liltimately be a flourishing and integral por-
tion of our Union ?
Let us discard, for the present at least, the idea
of purchasing Cuba. Depend upon it, sir, it is
not for sale, nor will it be as long as the Cortes or
the people of Catalonia exist. In times of revo-
lution, with some favorite, some "Prince of
Peace" at the head of the Government, its peaceful
purchase might be effected; but so long as Spain
has a stable Government, a proposition to sell
Cuba would hurl any ministry, ay, sir, any
dynasty, from power.
The individual Spaniard of to-day has all the
honor, pride, and character of his glorious ances-
tors, when Spanish captains and discoverers gave
a new continent to Christendom; when her fleets
covered the ocean, and when Castillian honor was
: a conspicuous, a brilliant example, fn spite of
! the examples and th^egradations of a court, the
! most corrupt in Eur<^?e—in spite of ages of mts-
l government, the Spaniard retains his heroism
and his virtue. Such a people will not sacrifice
their pride for money.
But, Mr. President, 1 expect to go into this dis-
cussion, and produce some facts on which a dis-
passionate judgment may be founded, when the
Committee on Foreign Relations shall report. I
expressed the other day a confident conviction ip
my own mind that Spam had deliberately entered
on the policy of retaining possession of Cuba her-
self, of course in the first instance, and to Afri-
canize it if she cannot do that; and every enlight-
ened Spaniard on the continent knows and feels
that her hold upon it is daily becoming weaker.
The prediction of Mr. Adams must come true.
In 1823 he said that, just as certainly as an apple
parted from the parent limb gravitated to the
earth, just so certainly would Cuba come to the
United States if separated from the mother coun-
try.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, the topic
whieh has just been partially discussed was not in-
troduced here originally by me. It was brought
here in the first instance by the honorable Senator
from Louisiana, [Mr. Slidell.] He offered a
resolution, and moved to refer it to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, as I have now offered this
resolution, and moved to refer it to the same com-
mittee. He accompanied his resolution with an
elaborate speech, and a very able one, in which
he gave us much valuable information. He was
afterwards followed by the honorable Senator from
Florida, [Mr. Mallory,] who offered another
resolution of inquiry, which, on his motion also
went to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
he also thought proper to accompany his resolution
with suitable remarks, stating after he had done
with them, that he wou^d discuss the subject
more fully hereafter.
Now, sir, I submit to the honorable Senator
from California that I followed good examples.
Nothing has ever been more customary on this
floor, than for gentlemen to offer resolutions of
inquiry with the very view of eliciting such in-
formation as they can get from Senators here,
before the t-esolution is sent to a committee. 1
had the example of a distinguished member of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, [Mr. Slidell,]
of which committee the Senator from California
is also a member, for the course which 1 pursued.
The opinions of these distinguished gentlemen to
whom I have referred, went to the country; their
remarks were published and republished in the
newspapers throughout the country. The impres-
sion was made deep on the American rrtmd that it
was a deliberate purpose of the Spanish Goyern-
mentto emancipate the slaves in Cuba, and thereby
Africanize the island. We all agree in depreca-
ting such a result. Well then, sir, was it not a
legitimate subject of inquiry with me, and might
1 not be pardoned. I submit to the honorable
Senator from California, when I offered a resolu-
tion for the very purpose of enabling me to make
such remarks as 1 thougluproper in reference to this
subject, and also for the purpose of eliciting from
those gentlemen who commenced the debate, such
further information as they were able to give us.
But the honorable Senator says the committee is
to sit to-morrow Then I should have been ex-
ceedingly glad to hear, before the session of the
committee, all the remarks of the honorable Sena-
tor from Florida, which he promises he will
deliver hereafter, i want light. We are per-
haps to be called upon to decide to-morrow. Then
I want all the information that can be given me
from every quarter. The honorable Senator
doubtless is better acquainted with the subject
than I am, and to him this information may not
be necessary, but to me 1 assure him it is.
Mr. President, in reference to the remarks of
the honorable Senator from Florida, let me say
that 1 do not at all deny that the Government of
Spain has been m times gone by engaged in vio-
iating her own treaty stipulations in regard to the-
slave irade, and I believe that sometimes her au-
thorities, some of her Captains General have en-
couraged the introduction of slaves from Africa
into that island. But, sir, I will condemn no man
without some evidence; and I must say that I
have seen no evidence to satisfy my mind, or that
!j of any other reasonable man, that the Marquis
j i Pezuela, the present Captain General of the island,
'{ has m any way encouraged this violation of the
| laws of Spain and the laws of God. On the con-
I trary, I have his solemn assurance in a published
proclamation, that the Spanish Government utterly
,i denies the whole accusation. He denies it, ap-
ii peals solemnly to the whole world, and asks to be
credited when he states that nothing is further
I from the intention of the Spanish Government
than this design which is charged against it.
Where then is the proof? Does the honorable
Senator from Florida produce any ? Is the fact
that, slaves have been introduced into the islaad
proof that they are about to emancipate all the
slaves? Have they emancipated slaves ? No, sir.
, But the honorable Senator says that they have
introduced so many slaves, and have so many
there now, that it is a serious obstruction to our
taking the island. He states that threats have
been made, that someone has said that the eman-
cipating of the great number of slaves is a better
