1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2119
CAPTAIN INGRAHAM—AGAIN.
The question recurred on Mr. Orr's motion to
suspend the rules,for the purpose of takingup the
joint resolution of thanks of Congress and pre-
sentation of a medal to Captain Duncan N. Ingra-
ham.
Mr. WALSH demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. ORR called for tellers on the yeas and
nays. m
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Walker,
and Harlan, of Indiana, were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-three; (more than one fifth of the mem-
bers present.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
109, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Appleton, David J. Bailey, Banks, Barry, Belcher, Ben-
nett, Benson, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Brooks, Bugg,
Campbell, Caskie, Chamberlain, Chandler, Churchwell,
Clsuk, Clingman, Cobb, Craige, Curtis, John G. Davis,
Dawson, De Will, Dick, Dowdell, Dunbar, Edgerton, Ed-
mands, Edmundson, Ellison, English, Fenlou, Florence,
Gamble, Goodrich, Green, Greenwood, Grey, Grow, An-
drew J. Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley 1'. Harris,
Haven, Hendricks, Houston, Hughes, Hunt, Ingersoll,
Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt, Kidwell,
Kittredge, Knox, Kurt/., Lamb, Latham, Lindsley, Mc-
Dougall, McNair, McQueen, Macy, May, Smith Miller,
Murray, Nichols, Noble, Andrew Oliver, Orr, 1'acker,
John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, I'ratt, Preston, Fringle,
Rowe, Itufiin, Russell, ^age, Sapp, Shaw, Singleton,
Frederick l . Stanton, Richard If. Stanton, Hestor L.
Stevens, Straub, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart, John J.
Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor. Thurston, Uph.nu, Vdnsant,
Walker, Walley, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, Hen-
drick B. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Caruthers, Cullom, Dun-
ham, Parle.v, Franklin, Giddings, Goode, Aaron Iir rlan,
Harrison, Hibhard, Hill, George W. Jones, Kerr, Mae-
donald, MeMullin, Maxwell, Millson, Morrison, Norton,
Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Penninaton, Puryear, Reese,
Riddle, Sabin, Simmons, William Smith, George W. Smyth,
Strattou, John L. Taylor, Wade, and Walsh—34.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and joint resolution No. 7
was taken from the Speaker's table.
Mr. ORR. 1 now ask that the Senate's amend-
ments may be reported.
The Clerk reported the amendments, as follows:
First amendment;
Stiike out the first section.
Second amendment:
Stiike out the thnd section.
Third amendment: ,
Amend the second section by striking out all of that sec-
tion after the word " to," in line thirteen, and insert in lieu
. thereof the words following:
Commander Duncan N. Ingraham, of the Navy of the
United States, as a testimonial of the high sense entertained
bv Congress ot his gallant and judicious conduct on the
2d July, 1853, in extending protection to Martin Kozsta, by
rescuing him from illegal seizure and imprisonment on
board the Austrian war bug flussar.
Mr. ORR.. The change that was made by the
Senate in the resolution adopted by the House,
was to vote a medal to Captain Ingraham in lieu
of the thanks of Congress, which were provided
by the resolution. On examination it was found
that the House proposed to pay to Captain Ingra-
ham a more distinguished compliment than had
ever been paid, I believe, to any other of our naval
officers. The friends of Captain Ingraham did
not desire that he should be distinguished above
all his peers. The Senate resolution, I think,
meets entirely the views of the House. I hope,
therefore, that the House will concur in the Sen-
ate's amendments. I ask the previous question.
The question being on the seconding the de-
mand of the previous question,
Mr. ORR demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Straub and
Robbtns were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 80, noes 40.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The amendments of the Senate were then con-
curred in.
The Senate also proposed to amend the title so
as to make it read, "a resolution directing the
presentation of a medal to Commander Duncan N.
Ingraham."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DICK obtained the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the gentleman to
yield me the floor for a moment, to enable me to
ask the House to take up a joint resolution.
PIONEER MANUFACTURING COMPANY.
Mr. DICK. I wish to occupy the time of the
House only for a moment myself, and then the
gentleman may have the floor. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole House from the further con-
sideration of Senate bill (No. 49) " to incorporate
the Pioneer Manufacturing Company, of George-
town."
Mr. WALSH. Is it the gentleman's intention
to put the bill upon its passage ?
Mr. DICK. Yes, sir.
Mr. WALSH. Then I object.
Mr. DICK. I move to suspend the rules for
that purpose.
The question was taken; and (two thirds having
voted in the affimative) the rules were suspended.
Mr. DICK; I now submit the motion that the
Committee of the Whole be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill I have indicated.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. DICK. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and that that motion
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TITLE OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr. IvteRR. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union from the further
j consideration of Senate bill (No. 4) "authorizing
i the President to confer the title of lieutenant gen-
! eral by brevet for eminent services,
i Mr. McMULLIN. Before that question is
j taken, I desire to make a suggestion to the gen-
man from North Carolina.
Mr. WALSH. I object to the suggestion.
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Speaker, have I not
the right to make a suggestion ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot oc-
cupy the floor unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. KERR. Is there objection to the propo-
sition which I have submitted, Mr.Speaker?
Mr. WALSH. Yes, sir; I object to it.
Mr. McMULLIN. I would suggest to the :
gentleman from North Carolina to move a sus- ,
pension of the rules, for the purpose of taking up i
the resolution of the Senate extendmgthe session. |
When that is disposed of, we can act on the reso- |
lution which he has indicated.* j
Mr. KERR. I cannot yield to any gentleman,
or for any motion, as objection has been made. |
I move to suspend the rules for the purpose 1
have named.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 71, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Banks, Bennett,
Benson, Bugg, Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chandler,
Clingman, Cook, Cullom, Dawson, De Witt, Dick, Ed-
mand-, Edmundson, Thomas D. Eliot, Everhart, Fenton, ■
i Flakier, Franklin, Goodrich, Greenwood, Grey, Aaron ,
Harlan, Haven, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, ingersoll, 1
Kent, Kerr, Knox, Latham, McCulloch, McDougall, Mat-
teson, May, Morgan, Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Pennington,
Preston, Pniiglo, Puiyear, Reese, David Ritchie, Russell,
Satan, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Simmons, William R. Smith, ,
Richard H Stanton, Alexander H Stephens, Straub, John
L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Trout, llpbnm, ,
Wade, Walley, Fllihn R. Washbuiue, Israel Washburn, 1
Tappan Wentworth, and Zolhcoffer—7t. j
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Barry,
! Belcher, Bell, Bliss, Bocock, Boyce, Bridges, Caskie, '
Chamberlain, Churchwell, Clark, Cobb, Craige, Thomas
Davis,Dowdell, Eastman, Edgerton, Ellison, English, Far
ley, Florence, Fuller, Gamble, Goode, Green, Grow, Samp-
! son W.Harris, Wiley P Harris, Hendiicks. Henn, John-
son, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Roland Jones,
Kidwell, Kittredge, Kurtz, Lamb, Letcher, Lilly, Lindsley,
Maedonald, McMulhn, McNair, McQueen, Macy, Max-
well, Smith Miller, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Noble,
Olds, Orr, Packer, John Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Pratt,
Riddle, Robbins, Rowe, Ruffin, Shaw, Shower, Singleton,
Skelton, William Smith, George W. Smyth, Fredeitck P.
Stanton. Hestor L. Stevens, Stratton, Andrew Stuart, David
Stuart, John J. Taylor, Walker, Walsh, John Wentworth,
Daniel B. Wright, and HendrickB. Wright—8-2.
So the House refused to suspend the rules, two
thirds not voting m the affirmative.
Pending the above vote, Messrs. Millson,
Davis, of Indiana, and Barksdale, stated that,
had they been present when their names were
called they would have voted in the negative.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, said: Mr. Speak-
er, I voted " aye," but I changed my vote to
" no;" because I believe that the bill carries with
it an annuity of $20,000.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the naval appro-
priation bill be taken from the table for reference.
Mr. HAVEN. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Let the gentleman em-
brace the river and harbor bill in his motion, and
it will be agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to suspend the rules
to take up, and refer the general appropriation bill
which I have indicated.
Mr. MATTESON. I demand the yeas and
nays. •
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAVEN. I am as desirous as the gentle-
man from Missouri can be, to have all the general
appropriation bills disposed of; and I am sure
that if he will include the river and harbor bill,
his motion will be carried unanimously.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
101, nays 56; as follows:
YJEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Banks, Barksdale, Barry, Beleber, Bell, Bo-
cock, Boyce, Bridges, Caskie, Chamberlain, Churchwell,
Clark, Clingman, Cobb, Craige, John G. Davis, Dawson,
Dick, Dowdell, Edgerton, Edmundson, John M. Elliott,
Ellison, English, Faulkner, Florence, Fuller, Gamble,
Goode, Green, Greenwood, Grow, Sampson W.Harris,
Wiley P. Harris, Hendricks, Houston, Hughes, Johnson,
Daniel T. Jones;- George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Kid-
well, Kittredge, Kurtz, Lamb. Latham. Letcher, Lilly,
Maedonald, McDougall, MeMullin, McNair, McQueen,
Macy, Maxwell, May, Smith Miller, Millson, Morrison,
Murray, Nichols, Olds, Orr, Packer, John Perkins, Phelps,
Pinllips, Powell, Pratt, Puryear, Riddle, Robbins, Rowe,
Ruffin, Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Skelton, William Smith,
William R Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Richaid H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Hestor
L. Stevens, Stratton, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart, John
J. Taylor, Thurston, Trout, Vail, Walhridge, Walker,
Walsh, Daniel B. Wright, and Hendrick B. Wright—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Bennett, Benson, Bugg, Campbell, Car-
penter, Chandler, Conk, Cullom, Thomas Davis, De Witt,
Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Everhart, Farley, Fenton,
Flagler, Franklin, Goodrich, Grey, Aaron Harlan, Ilaveu,
Henn, Hill, Howe. Hunt, Kerr, Knox, Lindsley, McCul-
loch, Matteson, Maurice, Morgan, Noble, Parker, Pen-
nington, Preston, Pringle, Reese, David Ritchie, Russell,
Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Seward. Simmons, John L. Taylor,
Upham, Wade, Walley, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth,
and Zolhcoffer—56.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask leave to make a report
from the committee of conference appointed by
the two Houses on the disagreeing votes on the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
The report was submitted, and read by the
Clerk, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreemg°votes of
the two Hou-es on this bill (H. R. No. 48) " making appro-
priations lor the civil and diplomatic expenses ot Govern-
ment for the year ending 30th Jline, 1855, and for other
purposes," having met, after full and tree conference, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their respective
Houses as follows : " _ .
Thar the Senate do concur in the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the forty-fourth, fifty-seventh,
seventy fifth, eigbtv third, one hundred and fifth, one hun-
dred and twenty eighth, one hundred arid fitly first, one
hundred and sixtv-eight,and one hundred and seventy-fifth
amendments of the Senate.
That the Senate do concur m the amendments ol the
House of Representatives to the one hundred and twenty-
second amendment of the Senate with amendments, as fol-
lows : Siuke out the words "created a consul with, in
; lines one and two of Senate amendment, and in lieu thereof
'• insert tile word " allowed," and after the word •' annum"
j in line three of said amendment insert the words "and
' '^That the Senate do concur in the amendments of the
! House of Representatives to the one hundred and forty-fifth
1 amendmentof the Senate, with an amendment, as follows:
1 Add at the pnd amendment of the House of Repre-
i *enta«ives to the Paid Senate amendment, the words f
! lepair and renewal of the gas pipes through the Capitol,
^3 500 "
* That the Semite do concur in the amendment of the
Home of Representatives totheonehundred and&ixty sec-
ond amendment of the Senate, with the amendment as fol-
lows * after the words in the," in line twenty lour of the
i amendment ot the House of Representatives to said £en-
i ate amendment, insert the words, " First Auditor's office,
! m addition to the present number, two clerks ot class one;
I in the," and afu-r the word "four,," in line thirty of said
, amendment, insert " and that the Secretary of State be al-
lowed, in addition to hi* present number of clerks, two at
an annual salary of $1,200 eaeh,one at an annual salary ot
g:l,400, and one at an annual salary of ,$1,600.
That the Senate do recede from its eleventh, thirteenm,
fourteenth, fiUe&nlh, seventeenth, eighteenth,
fir-t, tvvcntj'-sccond. twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, twintj
cijrhth, twenty-ninth, thirtieth, thirty first, thirty second,
thirty-seventh, thirty-ninth, foity mill,
seventh* forty-eighth, forty-ninth, fiftieth, fifty
