1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A petition of citizens of Indiana, remonstrating
against the passage of any bill for the organization
of the Territory of Nebraska without a prohibi-
tion of slavery therein.
Also, a petition of citizens of Massachusetts,
remonstrating against the passage of any bill for
the organization of the Territory of Nebraska
which will permit slavery in the territory from
■which it was excluded by the Missouri compro-
mise.
Also, a petition of citizens of Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against any infringement of the
Missouri compromise.
Also, a petition of the legal voters of Marlbo-
rough, Massachusetts, praying Congress to pre-
serve inviolate the Missouri compromise; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to, and the petitions
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WELLERpresented the memorial of Doug-
las Ottinger, a captain in the United States revenue
marine, praying compensation for an invention for
saving life and property from shipwrecked ves-
sels; which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. SEWARD presented resolutions passed at
a meetingof the people of Sing Sing, New York,
held on the 27th of February, 1854, opposed to
the repeal of the Missouri compromise; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Also, the petition of H. N. Holt and his family,
remonstrating against the repeal of the Missouri
compromise; which was ordered to lie on the ta-
ble.
Also, a memorial of 62 citizens of the county of
Orleans, in the State of New York, in favor of
Congress granting aid to the construction of the
Niagara ship canal; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Also, a petition of citizens of Tonawanda, New
York, praying Congress not to pass the Nebraska
bill in its present form, nor in any way impair the
Missouri compromise-, which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a memorial of
citizens of Iowa, praying that a grant of land may
be made to aid in the construction of the Iowa
Central Air-Line railroad; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SL1DELL presented the memorial of
Sarah D. Brigham, praying permission to locate
land within the limits of the Bastrop claim; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the proceed-
ings of a meeting of the Freeman's Association,
held at Ossian, Iowa, opposed to the extension of
slavery into Nebraska; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Iowa, remonstra-
ting against the passage of any bill which will
permit slavery in Nebraska, or otherwise infringe
the Missouri compromise; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of Jane Be-
cannon, widow of Philip Becannon, praying for
a pension on account of his services during the
revolutionary war; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Also, documents in support of the claim of
Ornon Randall to pay and bounty land for ser-
vices in the last war with Great Britain; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of the Chancellor and Faculty
of the University of the city of New York, pray-
ing a grant of a township of land to each char-
tered college or university in the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. . .
Mr. MASON presented the petition of J. H.
Taliaferro and others, sureties of D. F. M. Thorn-
ton, a purser in the Navy, praying to be released
from their liability; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CASS presented three petitions of citizens
of New York, praying that measures may be
taken to secure religious liberty to American citi-
zens while resident abroad; which were referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, a petition of citizens of Monroe, Michi-
gan, praying that measures may be taken to se-
cure religious liberty to American citizens while
in foreign countries; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the memo-
rial and papers of Henry C. Miller, Philip W. Thompson,
and Jesse B. Turley, for the purpose of referring them to
the proper Department.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, to whom was referred
the petition of Peter A. Myers, praying an in-
crease of pension, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill, to authorize the Commissioner of
Pensions to increase invalid pensions in certain
cases; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the memorial of
the Fox and Wisconsin Improvement Company,
praying an additional grant of land, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill, to authorize the State
of Wisconsin to select the residue of the lands to
which she is entitled, under the act of the 8th of
August, 1846, for the improvement of the Fox
and Wisconsin rivers; which was read, and passed
to a second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CHASE, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
petition of Gideon Hotchkiss, praying the exten-
sion of a patent for improvements in reading
water-wheels and their appendages, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
was read, and passed to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred the following petitions,
submitted an adverse report on them collectively;
which was ordered to be printed:
Petition of John F. Webb;
Petition of Robert Steele; and
j Petition of Lucretia W. Hubbard.
i He also, from the same committee, to whom
I were referred the following petitions, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration; which
was agreed to:
Petition of Jerathmiel Doty; and
Petition of David Felker.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. PETTIT asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to
confirm the claim of Dusnan de la Croix to a tract
of land therein described; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and, together with
the petition and papers relating to the bill, referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
ADDITIONAL POST ROADS.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads inquire into the expediency of creating, by law,
the lollowin" post roads, to wit: from Jacksonpurt, on tli«
east side ot White river, to Pocahontas; also, from Rock-
port, via Robert Gray's and Abner H. Henson's,toMontroy,
in Dallas connty, all in Arkansas ; also, from Washburn's
Prairie, m liarry county, Missouu, via M. D. Tilford's, to
Huntsville, m Arkansas, and report by bill or otherwise.
TRANSPORTATION OF MAILS.
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed to re-
port to the Senate what amount has been paid annually to
the several railroads in the United States lor the transpor-
tation ol mails tor the last three years up to the 1st of Janu-
ary last, with the rates of charges on the different roads.
GLENWOOD CEMETERY.
Mr. N0RR1S. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia to report back
thebill to incorporate the proprietors of the Wash-
ington Cemetery, with two amendments. I hope
the bill will be taken up at the present time. It
is in the usual foim, and I think there can be no
objection to it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded to
consider the bill as in Committee of the Whole.
'1 he first amendment was to strikeout of the
first section the words " Washington Cemetery
Company," and insert " proprietors of the Glen-
wood Cemetery in the District of Columbia."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add the following
! additional section:
I Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the said corpo-
I ration shall provide for the return, from time to time, to the
Corporation of Washington, of reports of, all interjnents
made in said cemetery, of persons who have died within
the limits of the said Corporation of Washington, ill such
manner and according to.siich forms as may be prescribed,
from time to time, by the Corporation of Washington.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read a third time, and passed; and its title
was amended by striking out the word " Wash-
ington" and inserting " Glenwood."
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed a bill to grant
a homestead of one hundred and sixty acres of
the public land to actual settlers.
Also, a joint resolution for settling the accounts
of A. Boyd Hamilton.
REMISSION OF DUTIES ON RAILROAD IRON.
Mr. DAWSON. I am directed by the com-
mittee, to whom was referred the memorial of the
West Feliciana Railroad Company, and the Geor-
gia Railroad and Banking Company, to submit a
report, accompanied by a bill for their relief.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing.
Mr. DAWSON. I ask the Senate to be kind
enough to consider the bill now. It has already
been passed by this body three or four times, and
I do not think there can be any objection to it.
As I shall be compelled to leave the city in the
course of a day or two, and may not be back again
for two or three weeks, I ask the Senate as a
favor to me to take up the bill now.
The motion was agreed to, and thebill was read
| a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to refund to the West Feliciana Railroad Com-
pany the amount paid by them on judgments
obtained against them by suits instituted for duties
on the bonds given by them for the importation of
certain bars of railroad iron, imported at New Or-
leans and New York, in the month of July, 1836;
provided, it shall appear to the satisfaction of the
Secretary, of the Treasury, that the bars have been
permanently laid down upon the railroad, except
such part as may be proved to have been lost by
the sinking of the steamboat Choctaw, in attempt-
ing to transport, the same from New Orleans to
Bayou Sara; and also, to refund the duties col-
lected on railroad iron imported by the Georgia
Railroad and Banking Company, at or about the
time when the rails of the Red River Company,
and the Central Railroad and Banking Company
of Georgia, and the Monroe Railroad Company
were imported, upon which Congress had remitted
theduties.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, it seems to
me that one amendment ought to be made to this
bill. I never heard of it until the moment when
it was read; and it struck me, from hearing it read,
that the portion of it which provides that the du-
ties should not be paid on so much of the iron as
was lost by the sinking of a steamboat should be
stricken out. 1 do not see on what principle the
Government is to be made the insurer of losses of
railroad companies or of individuals in the import-
ation of goods. It seems to me that that part of
the bill requires amendment; and therefore I move
! to strike out the words "except such part thereof
! as may be proved to the satisfaction of said Secre-
j tary to have been lost by the sinking of the
I steamboat Choctaw, in an attempt to transport the
j same from New Orleans to Bayou Sara." The
j parties either insured or did not insure. If they
1 did not insure, it was their own neglect; and they
; have no right to make the Government an insurer
1 on their risks.
Mr. DAWSON. I cannot say that I under-
stand the Senator's objection, because I did not
hear him perfectly. ...
Mr. BAYARD. I stated that my objection to
that portion of the bill was, that it exempted from
duty a portion of the goods which were lost ill
consequence of non-insurance, if they were lost
at all; and I cannot see the principle on which the
Government of the United States, in cases where
goods of any kind have been imported, should act
as insurers, or suspend the collection of duties,
founded on the want of insurance on the part of
the party importing.
