552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
Mr. DAWSON. I will state to the Senator,
that the clause to which he objects is in relation
to iron imported by the West Feliciana Railroad
Company. It is immaterial whether the iron was
lost or not. It was imported at a time when rail-
road iron was free from duty, provided the con-
ditions of the law were complied with. But on
account of the iron being lost, those conditions
could not be fulfilled. This, therefore, is an ad-
ditional argument why Congress should allow the
remission of the duties.
Mr. BAYARD. The explanation will be quite
sufficient if the Senator can satisfy me that the
Government would have been entitled to no duties
on the iron at the time of importation.
Mr. DAWSON. That is the only point in the
case, and it is the one which the Secretary of the
Treasury is to investigate. This is a bill which
was reported by the late Senator from New Jer-
^ sey, [Mr. Miller,] from the Committee on Fi-
nance, three or four times; and it always passed
the Senate without any serious objection. This
is the same bill which has passed heretofore.
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot see how there is any
discretion allowed to the Secretary on the subjcct
by this bill. 1 admit that if the iron, at the time
of its importation, was not subject to duty, this
bill is all proper, and my amendment ought to be
withdrawn. But if the iron was subject to duty,
1 cannot see the propriety of retaining that por-
tion of the bill to which I object. If the clause
left it to the discretion of the Secretary of the
Treasury to determine that fact, it would be an-
other matter; but I do not so read it.
Mr. BROWN. I think I can explain this matter
to the satisfaction of my friend from Delaware in
a few moments. The case comes up from my
own State; and, as t understand it, it is this:
Under a former act of Congress, railroad compa-
nies were allowed to bring in railroad iron free of
duty, provided they laid it down on their railroads
within a given time. This company did not under-
take to pay duties at New Orleans, the port at
which the iron was entered, because they calcu-
lated that they would certainly lay it down within
the time prescribed by law, winch they would
have done, hut for the loss of the iron in its transit
from New Orleans to Bayou Sam—the place of
landing for the road. The loss of the non on the
steamer Choctaw made it necessary for them to
import a second lot of iron, winch they laid down
upon the road, but not within the time prescribed
by law. They executed a bond to the Govern-
ment for the duties on the first lot of iron; but
the time having elapsed, the collector at New
Orleans insisted on payment, and the parlies,
rather than be annoyed about the matter, paid the
amount, but appealed to Congress to ha\e it re-
funded. That is all there is of the case. But for
the loss of the steamer, the first lot of iron would
have been laid down within the time prescribed by
law, and no duties would have been required.
The insurance of the iron did not cover the duties,
because the company never expected to be called
upon to pay them, and of course they did not want
to pay insurance upon a larger sum of money
than was involved.
Mr. BAYARD. With the explanation of the
Senator from Mississippi, I would cheerfully
abandon the amendment which 1 have proposed,
if it did not seem to me to be inconsistent with
the apparent facts as stated in the bill. There
could have been no recovery for the duties, if the
iron was entitled to come in duty free.
Mr. BROWN. But it was not entitled to come
in duty free, unless it was laid upon the road in a
given time. It could not be so laid, because the
iron was lost.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator will allow me to
get through. He will see what my meaning is.
This bill provides for an exemption from duties
upon certain railroad iron which was lost. The
iron which was lost, was iron on which, accord-
ing to the allegation, there was no duty required.
But there was a subsequent importation, which
was not lost, and which was subject to duty under
the existing laws, not having been laid down within
the given time. This bill, however, applies to
railroad iron which was lost. If that iron which
wa.-j lost was not subject to duty, what would be
the necessity of asking to have the duty refunded ?
If it was subject to duty at the time of its impor-
tation, and the loss afterwards attached to it, the
ground of exception taken by the Senator from
Mississippi falls; because the parties ought to
have been insured against the duties to which
they were liable, just as much as in any other
case.
Mr. BROWN. I thought I had explained, that
unless the iron was laid down within a given time,
it was, according to law, to be subject to duty.
Mr. DAWSON. That was the condition of
things.
Mr. BROWN. It was not so laid within the
time required, because it was lost. If it had been
laid on the road within the time prescribed, the
bond which the company gave for the duty would
have been canceled, and they would not havebeen
required to pay the amount. The failure to lay
down the iron within the time made the bond ob-
ligatory. it would have been laid down in time
but for the loss of the steamer. The parties,as I
remarked before, did not cover the whole by insur-
ance, because they never expected to be compelled
to pay the duty, and they did not wont to pay in-
surance on a larger sum than the iron was worth.
They did not wish to pay insurance upon the duty
on the iron, which was, I believe, twenty-five
dollars per ton, or perhaps a laiger sum at that
time.
Mr. BAYARD. I am satisfied with the expla-
nation; I think the amendment ought not to be
made, and therefore I withdraw it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed,
j Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I wish to call upon the
j Senator frwm Georgia to explain the principle upon
] which this bill rested, and especially to inform the
1 Senate *how many like bills may be behind it. I
i suppose that perhaps it might be considei ed on the
i other side asa subject connected in some indirect
i manner with grants of alternate sections of the
! public lands for railroad purposes. I know that
] Senator has devoted his mind very much to that
! subject, and generally and almost invariably acts
I upon principle in all matters of that kind, and, as
f he thinks, upon correct, principle. I wish him,
j therefore, to inform the Senate of the exact prin-
| ciple upon which this bill rests, and how much
| money we are giving to these railroad companies,
j Mr. DAWSON. I will answer the Senator.
I Mr. FOOT. I would inquire whether it is in
' order to discuss the question on a bill after it has
1 passed ?
! The PRESIDENT. It is not in order,
j Mr. FOOT. Then I desire the flosr for the
1 purpose of asking the Senate to take up another
i bill.
| Mr. DAWSON. I hope the Senator will al-
low me a moment to answei (he Senator from
i Iowa. The same question was propounded to
, me three years ago, when this bill was undercon-
I sideratum; and I have before me the debate which
h then occurred between the Senator from Iowa and
i'i myself m regard to it. I stated to him then that
J | these were the only two companies coming within
the principle, and that they had been applying for
twelve years. On this state of facts he answered,
u I am satisfied; let the bill pass."
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. My friend from Geor-
gia will oblige me by stating the principles of this
I! bill, and the facts upon which he rests those prin-
j; ciples.
jj Mr. DAWSON. I am obliged to my friend.
I will do ho, and more at length in my remarks
j J when published.
il The Georgia Railroad Company was chartered
1 and commenced in 1835, when railroad iron was
1 exempt from duty, and when the policy of the
t Government had been strongly expressed by re-
| turning all the duties paid on such iron. Having
; commenced, it was under the moral necessity of
j completing. The company was ciippled by the
, revulsion of 1837 and 1840, but moved on as best
, it could. The iron was not needed until 1843, and
[ was ordered in that year, but none of it arrived
j till after the 3d of March.
j The company had graded the road, however,
! and made every preparation for the rails, and was
jj obliged to import the rails, as they could not be
jj made in this country at that time. There were
,j other companies slowly progressing, with the one
!, I am advocating; they, too, very seriously felt the
| revulsion I have just referred to. In this list I
ji would name the Central Georgia Raihoad Com-
ij pany, the Red River Railroad Company, Monroe
|| Railroad Company, and the West Feliciana Rail-
road Company. Being all embarrassed by the
times, and not being able to comply with the pro-
visions of the act of 1832, they all applied to Con-
gress for relief. Among the embarrassed com-
panies was the West Feliciana railroad. That
company presented its memorial for relief. The
Georgia Railroad Company also presented a peti-
tion, which was referred to the Committee on
Finance in 1844—maik, as early as 1844!
By pressing this subject further, it is seen that
a bill was reported by that committee, which will
be found in the bill-book of the Senate of the
Twenty-Ninth Congress, (S. 184,) entitled u An
act to remit duties which have accrued or been
paid upon the importation of railroad iron in cer-
tain cases " That bill returns the duties upon all
rails within three years after they ha\e been im-
ported for any road which was surveyed and ca-
ll tabhshed prior to the 30th of August, 1843. This
j bill was paused by the Senate, and was sent to
j | the House, but was not acted upon. Immediately
ji thereafter, the several companies made individual
11 application for relief, and from time to time they
ij have been relieved. The West Feliciana and
j| Georgia railroad, among the first to start in their
jj works of improvement, remain yet to be acted upon.
j| I have been thus particular in my statement m
|! relation to the claims of the Georgia company,
|i that it may be seen that it has been acted upon
before, and that if the bill had been passed by
the House, it would long since have had its duties
returned. It is also worthy of observation here,
that the Senate did not refer to the time when the
{\ iron came in, but when the railroad was surveyed
jj and commenced, which is the true criteron. The
j; act of 1832, it will be perceived, does not, under
\\ its provisions, refer to when the rails were im-
! ported, but when they were permanently laid
| down for use. The moment the work was com-
| menced, the Government—during the act of 1832
'' —stood pledged to return the duties for every road
began under its provisions. The main reason for
ji commencing the enterprise grew out of the m-
,1 ducement held out by Congress In companies that
jj their rails, when laid down permanently for use,
.[ should be freed from duties.
ji The company says, and with propriety, " that
ij when they projected and commenced their infi-
ll provement, they had no reason to apprehend a
I change of policy, a policy manifested not only by
!| exempting rails from ditty, but by refunding large
il sums already paid by those who had no reason to
II expect such a bounty by previous encourage-
[i menu"
I Such were the provisions oftheactof 1832. tin-
I der which the Georgia Railroad Company were
i invited by the Government to embark m making
their road.
The attempt to draw a distinction between the
j Georgia Railroad Company and the Feliciana
[ company, if we wish our laws to rest upon equal
| and exact justice, cannot be sustained.
I They both entered together in their respective
j enterprises; both were invited to do so by the
i promises of Congress, and they both laid down
! their rails at the same time. It is alleged, how-
] ever, that the Feliciana company imported their
j iron first, but it is not pretended they wanted it
\ first. It was just as necessary to the one as the
j other road that the rails should be imported.
The act of Congress of 1832, under which these
| companies started, did not consider the importa-
: tion important. All that the Government was
i concerned about, was that the rails should be per-
| manenthj laid doivn for use; and when a ceitificate
j of that fact icas made out to the satisfaction of the
| Secretary of the Treasury, the duties were to be re-
I turned. Indeed it may well be questioned whether
1 the law under which the duties were claimed could
j in justice be made to apply to mads in progress)
i as Congress impliedly stood pledged to all who
' embarked under the act of 1832 to protect them
by its provisions till completed. Its repeal could
only operate upon new companies commenced
after its repeal.
The company further represents " that the only
principle necessary to their relief has already been
recognized by Congress, the rigid requisitions of
the act having been relaxed in favor of com-
(j panies which had imported, but failed to lay down
il their iron before March of 1843. In principle a
j] trifling difference in the time of importation can
jj make no difference, when the necessity for the im-
|| portation had been created previously to the pas-
