1262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
been settled and paid,and against which the com-
mittee reported in 1824, was this individual claim
of the Creeks for personal property destroyed.
The dther was the claim of the nation for an em-
pire which was swept away from them by a forced
and arbitrary capitulation, and which it isnotpre-
tended has ever been paid for by the Government.
It is not shown that this claim was ever brought
to the consideration of Congress before.
The history which the Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Bell] gave of it on a previous day is a most
emphatic, clear, and lucid explanation of those
considerations which have prevented the Creeks
from bringing forward the claim until this late day.
Sir, there was enough in the poverty of that tribe,
in their intestine wars and divisions, in the utter
incapacity of their nation to act with anything like
concert or unity of decision, to show why they
have never concurred in presenting this claim be-
fore. Moreover, while the other claim between
them and the United States was not settled; while
they were prosecuting,as suppliants at our doors,
a claim which they did not succeed in obtaining
until neatly forty years, is it singular that they
did not press the Government of the United States
for the allowance of this second claim, when one
was already on hand ?
These are the main facts upon which I rely as
a defense to the argument of the Senator from
Virginia. I believe that no one has ever con-
tended, I believe that it cannot be successfully
contended now, but that on the part of the United
States, for political reasons alone, there was a
naked and unapologised for confiscation of about
eight millions of acres of land from our allies—not
from the hostile party. It will be recollected that,
by the instructions which emanated from the War
Department, and which were the basis upon which
peace was to be concluded with the hostiles, lands
were to be taken out of the conquered country for
indemnity, and not to be taken by spoliation from
jour allies and friends in that war. General Jack-
son seems to have been so conscious of the fact
that he hud exceeded these just instructions, that
when he speaks of the eight millions of acres
acquired from the friendly Creeks,Jn addition to
twelve or fourteen millions taken from the hostile
Creeks as indemnity, he apologised by saying,
not that he had taken them without consideration,
by the terms of the capitulation, but that he had
procured^ a cession of eight millions of acres of
land from the friendly Creeks, which was justified
by considerations interesting to the future peace
and welfare of the United States in connection
with our southwestern frontier.
Now, Nir, contrary to what hod been expected
by the commanding general, contrary to what
had been calculated by the War Department, when
the instructions for the termination of this war
were issued, contrary to all rules of propriety, the
friendly Indians weie called upon to be the capit-
ulating party. The truth was, that at that time
the war was not ended; the capitulation was pre-
mature, and was in the nature of a forced treaty
exacted from the friends of the United States, with
but one of their enemies present. This is the dif-
ficulty in the proceedings attending the capitula-
tion .
The committee, in making an allowance to the
Creek Indians in this case, have allotted to them
what was considered an average of the price which
the United States had paid for Indian lands here-
tofore. i believe of late years that has been from
six and a quarter cents up to twelve and a half
cents. The committee have allowed them the
minimum of consideration which has been allowed
as the price of Indian lands acquired by treaty.
Surely, after the lapse of forty ypars, the allow-
ance of this small amount for a tract of country
which embraces, at present, one third of the great
State of Georgia, will not be considered extrava-
gant.
i proceed on the supposition thatthe long silence
of these claimants in bringing forward this claim
has been perfectly accounted for; and, however
suspicious it may be, however impossible it may j
be, to account for the fact that during all the time j
they have made treaties, the records of the Gov- j
eminent show they have never brought forward j
this claim; yet those records show, most unequiv- |
ocally, that if there be any defense at all against j
this claim, it arises from the fact that this long !
silence may be evidence that, on the part of the
Creeks, they had abandoned, in consequence of
the difficulties in prosecuting their other claim, all
hopes of ever prosecuting justice for this. How
otherwise could it be, when they had prosecuted
j in vain their suit for claims for spoliations, prom-
j ised to be satisfied by the express terms of the
I letterof General Pinckney,in 1814 ? How, other-
i wise, can we account for it, when we recollect
j that a United States agent, an accredited man,
\ indorsed by the act of this Government, sent
i among them to ascertain a plain, subsisting debt,
reported that claim, and yet it was impossible
to obtain the consideration of it before Congress
for forty years ? Such was the desperate condi-
tion, such appeared to be the hopeless character,
of all the claims, that it was useless, obviously so,
on their part to thrust unwelcomely on Congress
the consideration of one claim, while they were
so unjustly withholding the consideration of
another. Just as soon as long-withheld justice
was extended to them for their other claim, they
come forward,candidly,frankly,and openly, and
say they have delayed bringing forward this claim
for no other reason than from the fact that their
own internal difficulties, their poverty, and the
difficulty of obtaining justice for the other branch
of the claim, rendered them almost hopeless as to-
obtaining anyjustice for this.
Now, sir, after the years which have elapsed
between 1814 and 1854, here stands upon the rec-
ords of this Government—records made out by
our own officials—the clear history of a transac-
tion which inflicted injustice upon these Indians,
which has not been remedied to this day. In all
the treaties which have been made with this peo-
ple since then, their internal difficulties have pre-
vented anything like a unanimous declaration of
this claim upon the part of the authorities of the
whole nation. The history of this tribe is pecul-
iar; their social and political constitution is pe-
culiar, and there has been scarcely anyone object
of national benefit, upon which the'whole nation
could be brought to unite, with'anything like a
decision approaching unanimity.
Mr. President, 1 feel that I am hardly able, at
this time, to go into an enlarged discussion of this
question. I feel that it would be unnecessary.
The Senate is obviously wearied with the long
discussion of this bill. It is a subject which is
proverbially uninteresting to both branches of
Congress, and must necessarily be so. I shall
waive my own desire to go into it, and accommo-
date myself to what I understand to be the clear
disposition of the Senate—to proceed to a vote
upon this bill, embracing this with other amend-
ments.
I have thus briefly, Mr. President, replied to
the Senator from Virginia. 1 have shown that by
th$, records of the Government on which he him-
self relied, this claim has never before been con-
sidered by Congress, and that consequently it is
free fyom the objection-arising out of the fact, that
the report in 1824 was supposed to be adverse to
this claim, when it was not actually embraced in
it. With these remarks I submit the question to
the Senate.
Mr. CASS. I wish to ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Arkansas, whether there is any means
of ascertaining precisely how much of the land
of the friendly Indians was taken?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. There is a report made
by the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker]
on the partof the Committee on Indian Affairs, on
the subject. That report is accompanied by a
map, which is in the possession of the Committee
on Indian Affairs at this time, and which I have
not thought it necessary to bring before the Sen-
ate, made out at the Department of the Interior
upon a letter furnished by theGeneral Land Office,
by which it appears that something like eight mil-
lions of acres were taken from the friendly Creeks.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, if these empty
chairs could vote, I should like to say a few words
in reply to the Senator from Arkansas; but as I
believe there is no one here but yourself and our-
i selves, and we have made up our mffids, I will
| refrain from saying anything more on this subject,
! except that the Senator is mistaken in regard to
the point that this land was taken only from the
friendly Indians. I understand from the Senator
from Alabama, [Mr. Fitzpatrick,] who is well
acquainted with the geographical location of these
lands, that there were lands taken from the hostile
Indians comprehending now some of the finest
counties in Alabama, and given to the friendly
Indians in exchange for the land taken from
them, and«whbh it was necessary to take in order
to interpose a barrier between them and the Span-
iards in Florida; so that, in point of fact, they had
better lands substituted in place of the lands taken
from them. Now, sir, in regard to the reports
referred to; it is obvious that Mr. Lowndes must
have contemplated this very claim for land, be-
cause he quoted the memorandum which the In-
dians always set up as their part of the treaty, in
which the whole complaint made is in regard to
the lands, that their lands were taken away,
without adverting to the fact that they received
other lands, and better lands, from the hostile
Creeks higher up.
Mr. CASS. I am perfectly well satisfied that,
so far as General Jackson took the fond of the
hostile Creeks, who were prostrated in a state of
war, and a war commenced by themselves, under
the most improper circumstances, he had a right
to take any portion of the country he pleased.
But when you come to the friendly Indians,
those who had adhered to us faithfully, it presents
a very different aspect, and I think it exceedingly
improper and irregular to take an acre from them
when they had been our friends from the com-
mencement. They had brought themselves into
a state of hostility with their biethren on that very
account. The turning point with me is, to know
how much the friendly Creeks actually lost. If
they lost an acre I am willing to pay them for it;
if they lost a million of acres, 1 am willing to give
them a full consideration.
Mr. WALKER. I have in my possession a
statement from the Department of the Interior,
made up, I suppose, from the actual surveys of
the country as now known to exist; and it shows,
not that eight millions of acres were taken, but
that over thirteen millions of acres weie taken.
We have compromised the matter by coming
down to eight millions, and then reducing the price
proposed to be paid, from that recommended by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, twenty cents,
to six and a quarter cents an acre.
Mr. CASS. I wish to inquire as to the fact
stated by the Senator from Virginia, whether the
Indians received a compensation in any way for
the land which was taken ?
Mr. WALKER. I was just coming to that
point. The plain answer to that is one which I
gave when I was discussing this subject before.
It will be found, on reference to the paper which
was drawn up on the part of the Indians, signed
by them, and submitted at the time as their part
of the treaty, and which they requested should
be sent on to the Government here, and was sent
on; that they assert that the Lower Creeks, in-
habiting the lower portion of the country, and
occupying the towns of Coweta and others, were
the owners of the whole country, not only of that
which the hostiles had not invaded, and which
had not been in a state of insurrection, but that
they owned the upper country also. They assert
that the people who were there then, and who
were hostile to them and to the United States,
were not originally Muscogee or Creek Indians,
but fugitive tribes, who had been permitted by the
j Muscogees to come upon that upper country, and
! occupy it by grace and favor. After they got
. possession of it they were induced, under the se-
i ductions of Tecumseh, who went down and sent
| his agents among them, to make war in favor of
England against the United States, and against
the friendly or Lower Creeks, who would not
join them in their opposition to the United States.
The Lower Creeks, who asserted in this part of
' the treaty, that they were the owners of the whole
! country, took up arms with the United States,
' and for a considerable.portion of time were under
■ the command of United States officers, and under
i the American flag, fighting against their revolting
i brethren or friends, and in favor of the United
! States.
' Then it seems that the upper tribes called the
Upper Creeks were never, in point of fact, Mus-
1 cogee or real Cre^k Indians at all. They never
! were a portion of that nation. They were there
j by sufferance. Well, what became of them?
| When General Jackson undeitook to assemble
j them for the purpose of making this treaty or
I capitulation, they made their escape. But one
I hostile chief met General Jackson at Fort Jackson.
| The rest had fled. Where had they gone to?
j They went over to Florida, and joined the Semi-
