2120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
seeond, fifty-third, fifty fiftfi, fifty-ninth, sixtieth, aixty-flrst,
sixty-sccond, sixty-third, sixty-fourth, sixty-sixth, sixty-
eighth, sixty-ninth, seventieth, seventy-first, eightieth,
eighty-first, eighty-fourth, eighty-fifth, eighty-sixth, eighty-
seventh, eighty-ninth, ninetieth, ninety-ninth, one hundred
and third, one hundred and sixth, one hundred and tenth,
one hundred and seventeenth, one hundred and eighteenth,
one hundred and nineteenth, one hundred and twenty-first,
one hundred and twenty-third, one hundred and twenty-
ninth, one hundred and forty-second, one hundred and
forty-eighth, one hundred and fifty-third, one hundred and
sixty-third, one hundred and sixty-sixth, one hundred and
sixty-ninth, one hundred and seventieth, one hundred and
seventy-first, one hundred and seventy-second, one hun-
dred and seventy-third, one hundred and seventy-fourth,
one hundred and seventy-sixth, one hundred and seventy-
eighth, one hundred and seventy-ninth, one hundred and
eightieth, one hundred and eighty first, one hundred and
eighty-second, one hundred and eighty-fourth, pnehundred
and eighty-fifth, one hundred and eighty-sixth, and one
hundred and eighty-seventh amendments.
That the Senate do recede from its twenty-third amend-
ment, and concur in the original item, with an amendment,
.as follows: Strike out "36,9,"in line twenty-four, page
seven of the bill, and in lieu thereof insert cc 41,7."
That the House of Representatives do recede from its
disagreement to the forty-second, one hundred and second,
one hundred and fifteenth, one hundred and fifty-sixth, one
hundred and fifty-eighth, one hundred and sixty-first, and
one hundred and sixty-fifth amendments of the Senate, and
agree thereto.
That the House of Representatives do recede from its
disagreement to the ninety-seventh amendment of the Sen-
ate, and agree thereto, with an amendment, as follows:
strike out all of the Senate amendment, and in lieu thereof
insert: 1 B or extinguishment of private claims to the pos-
session of the whole or any part of the custom-house lot in
San Francisco, $10,000."
That the House of Representatives do recede from its
disagreement to the one hundred and forty-seventh amend-
mentof the Senate, and agree thereto, with an amendment,
as follows; Strike out all after the word " provided," in
line eight, to and including the word "direction," in line
eighteen, on page fifty-eight of the original bill, and in lieu
thereof insert «that any officer of the Array or Navy who
lias been, or maybe appointed hereafter, to disburse the
money which is now,or mayhereafter be, appropriated for
the erection, alteration, or repair of any of the edifices,
sttuctures, or works for which Appropriations are made in
this act shall be subject to all the pains, penalties, and lia-
bilities contained in the provisions of the act entitled f An
actio provide for the better organization of the Treasury,
and for the collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and disburse-
ment of the public revenue,'approved August©, 1846."
iiiat the House of Representative# do recede from its
disagreement to the one hundred and forty-ninth amend-
ment of the Senate, and agree thereto, with an amendment,
as follows: In line two of said amendment strike out "75"
and m lieu thereof insert " 15."
That the House of Representatives do recede from its
disagreement to the one hundred and sixty-fourth aniend-
rnen of the Senate, and agree thereto, with an amendment,
as follows; Strike out all alter the word " enacted," inline
SiTf"1™1' ',5® en(1 the"°f, and iA lieu in-
sert that the Librarian of Congress shall receive $1,800.
<Si nt Llbrar,ap3 ®1,SOO each, and the messenger
tojMy the same  ' money is hereby appropriated
That the House of Hcpreaentativea do recede from its
disagreement to the one hundred and seventy-seventh
amendment of the Senate, and agree thereto, with an amend-
ment, aa follows : Add at the eSd thereof the words "P,o-
mdei, 1 Hat the said sum shall be in fitllofallcomnensation
to be received by said chaplains." v.viupt,iwau«it
That the House of Representatives do recode from ita
mem of tta Senate.0"" h"ndred "nd
..PAHouse of Representatives do recede from us
anrtftoSfnit10 thirty-tfiird amendment of the Senate,
and the Senate concur in the amendment of the House of
Kepress,natives to the thirty-fourth amendment of the
™nate. R. M. T. HUNTER,
J. D. BRIGHT,
Managers on the fart of the Senate
CEO. S. HOUSTON,
S. G. HAVEN,
THOS, A. HENDRICKS,
Managers on the part of the House.
Pending the reading- of the report,
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to dispense with
the further reading of the report, as it gives us no
information. If the gentleman exp!am it as he
goes along it will save time.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. It would be very difficult for
me to explain all the amendments that were acted
on in the committee of conference, as there were
over one hundred amendments acted on by the
dr«l There Tere' Mr' Speaker, one hun-
fwn w™ amendments in issue between the
els , Wvre submitte<l to the confer-
is as follows- Th a aCtl0n of the co™" ttee
eight of their Juntas ?°"\SeVe"ty~
j/the amendments of ATHou^V^mowTf
their amendments. The Senate concur °n the
amendments of the House to three of the sLlt!
amendments with amendments. The House re
cede from nine amendments; and recede from
afeXeLs. °f ^ SeMte with"
A Member What are these?
August 3,
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 will pick out the nine
amendments as I pass over them. I suppose the
six are not so important. The first amendment,
from a disagreement to which the House recedes,
is the one hundred and second. This is the House
provision:
For the annual repairs and fixtures of custom-houses
of the United States $30,501 59, and for alterations and re-
pairs of the custom-house at Baltimore heretofore made,
and for rent of rooms during the repairs of said building,
such sum as may by the Secretary of the Treasury be
deemed reasonable and proper of said amount, not to ex-
ceed $5,501 59.
The Senate amended that by increasing the sum
to $43,001 59'. The evidence submitted to the
Senate, and which came before the committee of
conference from the Secretary of Treasury, satis-
fied the committee that a custom-house—1 believe
it was the one in Salem, Massachusetts—required
repairs, and the Secretary had omitted it in making
out his estimates. He asked that the appropria-
tion should be increased to $43,000. The com-
mittee, therefore,have recommended aconcurrence
in that amendment.
The next amendment, from a disagreement, to
which the committee recommend the House to
recede, is the one hundred and fifteenth.
The clause, as it went from the House, I will
read:
For salaries of fifteen keepers and twelve assistants, at
an average not exceeding $600 per annum, $16,200.
That refers to the keepers and assistants of the
light-house upon the California and Pacific coast.
The Senate amended that clause by striking out
" $600 per annum," and inserting in lieu thereof
" $800 per annum," and then altering theamount
appropriated, so as to make it correspond. By
their amendment the salaries of those light-house
keepers and their assistants, will be $800 per an-
num instead of $600. We agree to their amend-
ment.
The next amendment, from a disagreement to
which the committee recommend the House to
recede, is the one hundred and fiftieth, as follows:
For completing the improvement of Pennsylvania avenue
west of Seventeenth street, $9,000.
That is the portion of the avenue west of the
War Department, and extending to Georgetown.
In the estimation of the committee, it was thought
proper to recede from our disagreement to that
amendment.
The next amendment is on page eighty, and is
numbered one hundred and fifty-five. It reads as
follows:
For grading done by order of Ignatius Mudd, late Com-
missioner of Public Buildings, in reservation number sev-
enteen, between Third street east and New Jersey avenue,
$484 89. ' '
The committee found this money was due, and,
therefore, determined to pay it.
The next amendment is on page eighty-five, and
is-numbered one hundred and sixty-one. The
Senate propose to insert the following:
Step*—. -And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to cause to be constructed the following buildings:
At New Orleans, Louisiana, a marine hospital, to cost
pot more than $04,800; <ind when said hospital shall have
been completed, the Secretary of the Treasury shall cause
the old hospital at New Orleans to be sold, and the proceeds
thereof to be placed in the Treasury of the United States.
At Detroit, Michigan, a marine hospital, to coat not more
than $73,000.
At Pensacola, Florida, a marine hospital, to cost not more
than $20,000.
At Burlington, in the State of Iowa, a marine hospital,
to cost not more than $15,000.
Sec . —. Jind he it further enacted, That the several suras
mentioned in the preceding section as the cost of the build-
ings therein authorized to be constructed, together with ten
per cent, thereon to cover the compensation of architects,
superintendents, advertising, and other contingent ex-
penses, and so much as may be required to purchase suit-
able sites for said buildings, be, and the same are hereby,
appropriated for the purposes aforesaid, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated: Provided,
i nat no money hereby appropriated shali be used or ap-
plied lor the purposes mentioned until a valid title to the
land tor the site of such building, m each case, shall be
vested m the United States, and until the State shall also
duly release and relinquish to the United States the right
tt ♦ j°Lin any way assess aa*d site or the property of the
united ©rates that may be thereon during the time that the
united States shall be or remain the owner thereof.
This amendment was really concurred in by the
House; but, owing to a mistake in the numbering-,
it was reported by the Clerk as non-concurred in.
1 he committee have, therefore, reported that it be
retained.
The next amendment is upon page ninety-one, ;
and numbered one hundred and sixty-five.. The
Senate propose to insert the following:
be it further enacted, That the collections
of the Exploring Expedition, now in the Patent Offiee, be
placed under the care and management of the Commis-
sioner of Patents, who is hereby authorized to employ one
principal keeper of said collections, at an annual salary of
$900, oneassistant keeper at an annual-ealary of $750, one
night watchman at an annual salary of $600, and two la-
borers at an annual salary each of $365.
Upon examination of that amendment, Mr.
Pearce, of the Senate committee, who is a mem-
ber of the Joint Committee on the Library, assured
us that these officers are now kept up and paid to
have charge of this collection. The object of the
amendment is only to relieve the Joint Committee
on the Library from their responsibility concern-
ing the matter. There is, I believe, an increase
of one messenger, besides which it will cost no
more money than under the present arrangement.
The committee, therefore, report in favor of the
House receding from its disagreement.
These are all the amendments from which the
House recedes from its disagreement to the Sen-
ate amendments. There are five others, however,
from which the House recede with amendments.
The first of that class is on page seventy-eight, of
the printed bill, and is as follows:
For completing the bridge over the Potomac river, near
the Little Falls, $75,000.
The Senate committee agreed to strike out the
" $75,000 " and to insert   $15,000," which re-
leases us from all responsibility in the matter.
The next of that class is on page ninty-one,
numbered one hundred and sixty-four, ft reads:
Sec—. Jind be it further enacted, That from and aftei
the 30th of June, 1855, the pay of the librarian of Congress
shall be $2,000, the pay of the two principal assistants
each $1,800, and that of the third assistant $1,200, and that
of the messenger, $1,200 per annum.
We have agreed to that amendment by amend-
ing it so as to increase the salary of the librarian
of the congressional library from $1,500 to $1,800
per annum, that of his assistants to $1,500, and
of the messenger to $1,200. This will put them
about upon a par with the other employees about
the Capitol. I believe they are the worst paid
officers in our employ.
The one hundred and seventy-seventh amend-
ment is in the same category; It is the amend-
ment proposing an increase of the compensation
to the chaplains. The Senate receded, from that
amendment; but before the conclusion of our con-
ference, we learned that the House had passed a
resolution giving the chaplain of the House an
amount of money which would make his pay *
equal to that proposed by the amendment. We
were then appealed to on the part of the Senate.
We were told that bya law which governed them
they could not vote out of the contingent fund
anything to increase the compensation of the
chaplain of the Senate. We then agreed to re-
consider, and to put both chaplains on an equal
footing. However, we attached the following
proviso, to prevent any misunderstanding in rela-
tion to the action of the House:
Provided, That the said sum shall be in full for the com-
pensation to be received by said chaplains.
Mr. HUGHES. What is the amount?
Mr. HOUSTON". Seven hundred and fifty
dollars. The chaplains have heretofore received
by law $500 each, as salary; but at the termina-
tion of every session they have had the usual
extra compensation of $250 each allowed them.
So regularly had they received it, that they regarded
it as a part of their salary. That terminates these
amendments. Now, if the committee desire fur-
ther explanation 
[Cries of "No! you have done well, and de-
serve the thanks of the House."]
Mr. COBB. What has become of the water-
works ?
Mr. HOUSTON. The Senate have receded
from them.
[Cries of (' Question!" '((Question!"]
The question was taken; and the report of the
C0?Lmittee of conference was adopted.
Mr. ORR. I move to reconsider the vote by
which that report was adopted; and that that mo-
tion be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PROLONGATION OF THE SESSION.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to take up the Senate
resolution changing the day for the adjournment
of the session.
