1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2i2i
[Cries all over the Hall of "I object!"]
Mr. HUGHES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, in order that that resolution may be taken
up and considered.
Mr. MATTESON. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HENN. I should like to say one word
before the vote ia taken. It is utterly impossi-
ble 
[Cries of "Order!"]
Mr. PHELPS. I hope that the gentleman may
be allowed to make his statement. He is a mem-
ber of the Enrolling Committee.
Mr. MATTESON. t object to any statement.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee.) The gentleman from Iowa is a
member of the committee which is charged at this
stage of the session with more business than any
other. Is it the pleasure of the House to hear
what he has to say in regard to the business of
that committee ?
Mr. MATTESON. I object.
Mr. HENN. 1 will state to the House that it
is utterly impossible for the Committee on En-
rolled Bills 
[Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. McMULLIN. Let the gentleman make
his statement.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair thinks
that that being a privileged committee—it having
the right to report at any time—the gentleman
may have a right to make a statement of the con-
dition of the business before it.
Mr. MURRAY. The Committee on Enrolled
Bills merely desire to make a report, in order that
the House may understand the condition of busi-
ness.
Mr. HAVEN. Will the House allow me to
say a word to my friends around me. 1 hope
they will hear the gentleman from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills. We all desire to know the
condition of the business, and to do what is
right.
Mr. HENN. It is utterly impossible for the
Committee on Enrolled Bills to compare all the
bills that the House and Senate are acting upon
between this time and twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. HAVEN. If it is the pleasure of the
House to act upon all the appropriation bills, in-
cluding the river and harbor bill, I have no ob-
jection then, whatever, t^ interpose to any course
the House may see fit to take.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I will vote
to extend the time.
REFERENCE OF APPROPRIATION BILLS.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair was
about to ask if it is the pleasure of the House to
take up the appropriation bills which have been
returned from the Senate with amendments for
the purpose of reference. If there be no objection,
the bills will be presented.
Mr. ENGLISH. I object. !
Mr. PRESTON. I demand the yeas and nays !
upon the motion made by the gentleman from j
New York, [Mr. Hdghes.] :
Mr. HUGHES. I withdraw the motion 1
made, and move to suspend the rules to enable
those appropriation bills to be taken up and re-
ferred .
Mr. GOODE. I desire to ask the Presiding
Officer whether it is in order to take up more than
one bill at a time?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
thinks that it is in order to move to suspend the
rules to take up every one of them. It is in order
to move to suspend the rules to go to the business
on the Speaker's table, including everything on
it; and the motion can be limited to any less num-
ber than all the business on the Speaker's table.
The Chair thinks that the business which is in-
cluded in this motion is sufficiently indicated
by the character of the motion to enable the mem-
bers of the House to vote intelligently.
The question is on the suspension of the rules;
on which tellers have been demanded.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and, on a division,
there were—ayes 105, noes 33.
So (there being more than two thirds in the af-
firmative) the rules were suspended.
The question being upon Mr. Hdghes's motion
that the House appropriation bills, with the Sen-
ate amendments, be taken from the Speaker's
table-.—
Mr. GOODE. Do I understand the Speaker to
decide that it is in order to take a vote upon a
motion to take up more than one bill at a time ? ,
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Certainly, the
Chair decides that the gentleman could move to
suspend the rules for the purpose of taking up all
of the bills upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. GOODE. Is it in order to take up two bills
at a time and refer them ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order to move to take
them all up, one at a time in their order. We
never put two bills upon their passage at once.
The motion was then agreed to.
The following bill was then taken from the
Speaker's table:
An act making appropriations for the repair
preservation, and completion of certain public
works heretofore commenced under the authority
of law.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Simultaneous with the announcement that the
bill was so referred,
Mr. LETCHER said: Cannot the yeas and
nays be ordered upon its reference ?
The SPEAKER. Suppose you do not refer it.
The Chair decides, however, that it is referred.
Mr. HAVEN. If the gentleman is willing to
take a vote upon it without reference, we are
ready.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand the Speaker to
say that the vote has been taken, and that the bill
is referred 
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
rules require that bills making appropriations shall
have their first consideration in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. LETCHER. Does the Speaker, then,de-
cide that the yeas and nays cannot be had on the
question of reference?
The SPEAKER. Any member of the House
can move to refer it to a standing committee, and
he can call the yeas and nays upon that motion.
He can also move to refer it to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; and if the
question were not already decided, perhaps he
could call the yeas and nays upon tbat; but if he
failed in referring it, he could not have it con-
sidered and put upon its passage.
Mr. LETCHER. I know it could not be con-
sidered; but I called for the yeas and nays upon
the motion to refer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the call
came too late.
Mr. LETCHER. The yeas and nays were
called for before the decision was announced.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear that
call.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
result of the vote was announced before he heard
the call for the yeas and nays, and from that decis-
ion the gentleman from Virginia appeals. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. PRESTON. I move to lay the appeal upon
the table.
Mr. BOCOCK. Does the Chair decide that it
is too late to take an appeal after the question has
been announced?
The SPEAKER. After the result of the vote
has been announced.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the affirmative.
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
The following bill was then taken from the
Speaker's table:
An act making appropriation for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending June 30, 1855.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that it be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
EXTENSION OF THE SESSION—AGAIN.
Mr. HUGHES, 1 withdraw my motion to
suspend the rules for the purpose of allowing the
appropriation bills to be referred. I now again
ask the consent of the House to take up the joint
resolution extending the session until Monday
next. I am opposed to extending the session,
but I want the question to be settled.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to suspend the rules
to enable me to more to take up that resolution.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope the House will allow
me to say just one sentence.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion is
not debatable.
Mr. HAVEN. I am aware of that, but I de-
sire to say to the House that I am thankful for
what it has just done, and that especially after
the statement that has just been made by a mem-
ber of the Committee on Enrolled Bills, [Mr.
Henn,] in reference to the condition of the busi-
ness of the House. I shall interpose, and I hope
our friends on this side of the House will interpose,
no further objection to the extension of the ses-
sion. If it is the will of the majority, 1 am will-
ing to sacrifice three more days to accomplish the
object we have in view.
[Cries of "Order!"]
Mr. MATTESON. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 79, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, JamesG. Allen, Appleton,Barry,
Belcher, Bell, Boeock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bugg, Caskie,
Chamberlain, Clark, Chngman, Cobb, Cook, John G. Davig,
Eastman, Edgerton, Edmundson, John M. Elliott, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Goodrich, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P.
Harris, Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Houston, Hunt,
lngersoll, George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Kerr, Lamb,
Letcher, McDougall, McMullin, McNair, Macy, Maxwell,
May, Smith Miller, Millson, Noble, Olds, Orr, Phelps, Phil-
lips, Pratt, Preston, Riddle, David Ritchie, Rowe, Seward,
Shower, Singleton, William Smith, George W. Smyth,
Frederick P. Stanton,Richard H. Stanton, HestorL. Ste-
vens, Straub, David Stuart, John J. Taylor, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Upham, Vail, Vansant, Walker, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Wetabrook,
Daniel B. Wright, Hendrick B. Wright, and ZoHieoffrr—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, David J. Bailey, Barksdale,
Bennett, Bliss, Bridges, Brooks, Campbell, Carpenter,
Caruthers, Chandler, Chastain, Churchwell, Craige, Cum-
ining, Thomas Davis, Dawson, DeWitt, Dick, Dowdell,
Dunham, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, English,
Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Franklin, Fuller, Gamble, Goode,
Green, Greenwood, Grey, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Hill, Howp,
Hughes, Daniel T. Jones, Keitt, Kidwell, Knox, Kurtz,
J^illy, Lindsley, McCulloch, McQueen, Matteson, Morgan,
Murray, Nichols, Mordecai Oliver, Packer, Parker, Pen-
nington, John Perkiss, Powell, Pringle, Reese, Robbins,
Ruffin, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Shaw, Skelton, Alex-
ander fl. Stephens, Stratton, Andrew Stuart, Trout, Wade,
Walley, Walsh, Israel Washburn, and Wells—78
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were not suspended.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. HENN said: As I made a statement some
time ago which might mislead somegentlemen as to
their votes, I will say, that upon consultation with
one of my colleagues [Mr. Green] upon the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, he gave it as his opinion
that the committee could examine all the bills be-
fore the hour fixed for adjournment to-morrow, if
the House will pass them. Such, however, ia
not my opinion.
Mr. GREEN. I desire to say, as a member
of that committee, that I think the Committee on
Enrolled. Bills can examine properly all the bills,
if the House will pass them, before twelve o'clock
to-morrow morning.
Mr. PRESTON. As some gentlemen upon
the other side of this House have intimated that if
the session be extended until Monday, we can in
the meantime take up and dispose of the river and
harbor bill, I desire to know whether such is the
understanding, and upon the answer will depend
! my vote upon this motion.
Mr. PHELPS. I will state to the House that,
under the circumstances stated by iny friend from
i Kentucky on my left, I am willing the river and
j harbor bill shall come up and receive a fair vote.
; I am opposed to the bill but I am ready to vote
j at once.
Mr. PRESTON. Then I vote aye.
! The Speaker here resumed the chair.
| ENROLLED BILLS.
| Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
■ Bills, reported as correctly enrolled a joint res©-
! lutitm and bill of the following titles; which were
I signed by the Speaker:
