2122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 8,
Joint resolution directing the presentation of a
medal to Commander Duncan N. Ingraham; and
An act for the relief of Thomas Bronaugh.and
to repeal the act to aid the Territory of Minnesota
in the construction of a railroad therein.
Mr. PHELPS. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. HAVEN. Before that motion is put, I
desire to offer a resolution closing debate upon
the two bills which have just been referred to the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. PHELPS. That is not in order.
Mr. HAVEN. The Chair ruled the other day
that such a motion was in order.
Mr. ENG.LISH. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the^House refused
to adjourn; there being, on a division, only forty-
three votes in the affirmative.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HIBBARD. 1 am directed by the com-
mittee of conference on the part of the Efouse, on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses in refer-
ence to the Post Office appropriation bill, to report
that, after meeting with the committee of confer-
ence on the part of the Senate, and a full confer-
ence, they have been unable to agree. They
recommend that the House do insist on its dis
agreement to the amendments of the Senate. If
that be done, I shall then move the appointment
of another committee of conference.
The question was taken; and the House insisted
on its disagreement to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the Post Office appropriation bill, and asked
for a committee of conference.
Thereupon the SPEAKER appointed Messrs.
Olds, Chandler, and Bocock, as the managers
on the part of the House-
The question was taken; and Mr. Phelps's
motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. McMullin in the chair.)
river and harbor bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The first question before
the committee for consideration is the amendments
of the Senate to the riyer and harbor bill.
First amendment:
Strike out",fl8,000" and insert in lieu thereof " $100,-
000," so that the paragraph will re ad :
For continuing the improvement of the DCs Moines rap-
ids, in the Mississippi river, $100,000,
Mr. HAVEN. I move a concurrence in that
amendment.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois, demanded
tellers, which were ordered; and Messrs. Grey
and McDougali, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
-—ayes 69, noes 75.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Second amendment:
Tri line seven Hundred and ten, nfter the words "New
York harbor," insert the word* " for continuini the remo-
val of rocks at Hell Gate and Diamond lteef, New York
harhor, including the amount expended prior to August 30,
K>8, $20,000."
Mr. PHELPS. I propose to reduce the
amount ten dollars. If I understand the history
of the matter, it is this. Some citizens in the city
of New York concluded that they would endeavor
to improve the harbor of New York. A gentle-
man by the name of Maillefert was employed, I
believe, to remove the rocks at Hell Gate. If it
is the duty of the Government of the United States
to reimburse to the citizens the funds advanced by
them for improving the harbor of New York in
thisuppropriation bill, it is also proper and right
that they should reimburse to the citizens of Bal-
timore the amount of money which individuals
have expended upon the harbor of that city.
It will be recollected that a bill passed the Sen-
ate proposing to appropriate $140,000 for the im-
provement of Cape Fear river, North Carolina;
and it also contained another appropriation of
$50,000 for the purpose of reimbursing the amount
to the city of Wilmington which they had ex-
pended. An appropriation of $150,000 was also
proposed for the purpose of improving the harbor
of that city. The bill which we now have under
consideration contains an appropriation for the
* improvement of the harbor at Dubuque. If it be
rigw to refund this money to New York, It is
also right to refund it to the private citizens or
corporations of other towns and cities who have
expended money for the purpose of improving the
navigation of the rivers or bays on which such
towns are situated. •
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. We have
no time to lose. 1, therefore, simply say that 1
oppose the amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. -I withdraw my amendment.
I only offered it for the purpose of making this
explanation.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. I desire to ask
whether this appropriation is for the purpose of
refunding money expended by the corporation of
New York, or by any private individuals?
Mr. WENrWORFH. All that I can say is,
that this amendment was added to the bill of the
Senate, and that the distinguished Senator from
the State of Michigan voted for it. [Laughter.]
Mr. STUART. I do not care if ail the Sena-
tors voted for it. I do not vote for it except I
understand it to be right. I hope some gentleman
will give me the information 1 want. I appeal to
my friend from New York. If it is*right, b shall
vote for it.
Mr. HAVEN. Does the gentleman from Michi-
gan inquire of me?
Mr. SfUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAVEN. I can safely say to thegentle-
manfrom Michigan, m reference to this amend-
mentjthat although I have no information on the
subject other than that derived from having heard
the amendment read, and though it was not before
our committee, yet, from the reading of the amend-
ment, and from the knowledge that I have of the
history of the case, I am aware that ihis sum in-
cludes some $6,000 or $8,000 which has been ex-
pended, prior to the time mentioned in the amend-
ment itself.
Mr. PHELPS. Nine thousand dollars.
Mr. HAVEN. Very well. And the balance,
I suppose, is for the purpose of completing the
work. That is what I suppose it to be. I can'
not, on my honor, say how the truth of the mat-
ter really is; but 1 have no doubt that it is as I
have stated.
Mr. STUART. Was the $9,000 expended
under the direction of the Government of the
country?
Mr. HAVEN. The $9,000, or whatever sum
it was, as I understand it, was expended by some
of the large forwarding merchants and ship owners
of the city of New York, for the purpose of as-
certaining whether this was a practical and feasi-
ble operation. Mr. Maillefert removed that rock,
and opened this dangerous passage through Hell
Gate, and thereby salved hundreds of thousands
of dollars in shipping and property transported,
which would be otherwise in danger of loss and
destruction. 1 can make no further explanation.
Mr. CUV1MING. i propose to amend the
amendment of the Senate by increasing the ap-
propriation $20,000. Sir, the merchants of New
York do not come begging to Congress. 1 live
myself on the other side of the river; but I take
pleasure in saying so. They do not come here
to beg an appropriation. They are willing, and
their representatives are willing, to give large sums
all over the South, East, and West, for the im-
provement of rivers and harbors. This appropri-
ation is for the improvement of one of the most
important entrances to the most important port m
the United States—to the port which pours into
your Treasury the vei y money which we are all
quarreling about. These gentlemen had sub-
scribed certain sums of money for the purpose* of
testing the feasibility of removing the rocks from
Hell Gate. They proceeded to a certain extent,
and found that it was a thing which could be done.
They have already removed rocks from that place
to an extent sufficient to enable any vessels to
enter there—rocks upon which have been stranded
hundreds of merchant vessels; and not only that,
but rocks upon which frigates have been stranded,
and innumerable lives lost. They have made that
which was a terror to the navigators of Long
Island sound, almost a plain open channel. Now
they ask a small sum of money to enable them
to complete that which they have so successfully
commenced; though I do not believe they have
begged for what the Senate have inserted here.
They ask a small sum of money to make an open
and plainchannel of that which has been theScylla
and Charybdis of this country. I hope, there-
fore, that instead of refusing these gentlemen, if
they ask it, this small sum, you will put the
amount at twenty-five or thirty thousand dollars
instead of $20,000.
Mr. PULLER. It is true that Hell Gate is one
of the most dangerous places of navigation in our
whole country. It is true that 1 regard the im-
provement at the point for which this appropria-
tion is proposed, as one of the most importantand
valuable ones. And it is true that the merchants
of New York, who tested the experiment of re-
moving those rocks, through the agency of Mr
Maillefert, are entitled to great credit for their en-
terprise, and they had the satisfaction of seeing
that the money in that instance did a great deal of
good; for everybody knows that tfie result of their
labors was the increase of the depth of the water
from eight to eighteen feet. But I am opposed to
the principle of refunding to private individuals,
the money which they have subscribed for such a
purpose. Perhaps the original contributors may
have become insolvent, or may have died; and in
such instances it would be utterly impracticable
to refund the money to them.
Mr. WALSH. The merchants of New York
are able to make their own improvements, and
they do not want a cent refunded.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I offer the following as an
amendment to the amendment:
And the amount which has been heretofore expended
by any city or town for the improvement of the river or har-
bor upon which it is situated, shall be refunded, and be paid
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
prtated.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. 1 rise to a
question of order. That amendment introduces a
new item into the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and decides that the amendment is
in order, as being germane to the amendment of
the Senate.
Mr. PHELPS. I am willing to yield any credit
to the city of New York for the enterprise of its
merchants. I know it is a city where the mer-
chants are enterprising. J know they are wealthy,
and are ready to do anything to promote the in-
terest of the city, and I rejoice in the prosperity
of the city. But when you undertake to legislate
money into the pockets of individuals who have
paid it out for these improvements in one portion
of the Union, why not g€ to the other portions of
the Union and refund the money which has been
paid out for such improvements in the small cities
and towns? When you undertake to refund this
money to the city of New York, the great com-
mercial emporium of the nation, why not do the
same for the city of St. Louis, the city which I,
in part, represent upon this floor?
Sir, the city of St. Louis has expended some two
or three hundred thousand dollars in making im-
provements in her harbor, because the General
Government would not remove the obstructions
there; and the money has been raised from her citi-
zens by taxation. They did it for the purpose of
promoting the prosperity of the city. But if it be
proper to refund those $9,000 to New York, be-
causeshe comes here as a suppliant, it is equally
right to refund to St. Louis the two or three hun-
dred thousand dollars which her citizens have
paid. It is right that the citizens of Wilmington
should be paid for what they have expended in
their harbor; and it is equally right and proper
that the money expended by all the cities in the
United States for such purposes should be refunded
to them.
Mr. CUMMING. Has New York ever re-
fused to vote to St. Louis, or any other city, what
they have asked for improvements like these?
Mr. PHELPS. What I asked was, that St.
Louis should be placed upon the same footing
with New York in this bill.
Mr. CUMMING. I am perfectly willing, so
far as I am concerned, to place St. Louis upon the
same footing with New York in this bill. I am
willing to place Wilmington, North Carolina,
upon the same footing. I am willing to place
Baltimore upon the same footing. I am willing-
to place Boston, or any other city in the United
States, upon the same footing with New York.
Mr. HAVEN. I fear we are taking up too much
of the time of the committee in discussing these
amendments. It seems to me we cannot well
