1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
555
referred; but, like the principles of this bill, abus-
ing the Constitution of the United States, that
courtesy is abused. I do not mean now to enter
into the discussion of this bill in an irregular man-
ner, for it is entirely contrary to any rule or order
that ought to prevail in a deliberative body. The
bill is introduced for the purpose of reference, and
here we have a full discussion upon its merits; and
not only a discussion upon its merits, but the Sen-
ator from Arkansas appealed to the sectional feel-
ing of the country upon it. Sir, I am opposed to
sectional appeals, whether on the subject of sla-
very or of the public lands. The honorable Sen-
ator remarked that he hoped the people of the new
States would put a mark upon the men who op-
posed the principles which he advocate'd. Be it
so, Mr. President, although as to myself I cannot
say that I have any higher aspirations than the
honorable position which I occupy; yet, whether I
had or not, no fear of any sentiment, or any opin-
ion existing in any part of this country, or of any
individual man, will ever make me yield to what
1 believe to be an unconstitutional principle. I
will endeaver to considerthis bill fairly and calmly.
I hope, and I know, I shall be willing to do full
justice to the western or land States. But I am
very sure that if, in my view of the Constitution,
they seek to take that which is common property
of the Union, and assume a ground that we are
now to give up our property, and cease to look
to it as a source of revenue; if they do that in
violation of the Constitution, no public opinion of
the West, no public opinion or private censure
here or elsewhere, will ever drive me from voting
against the bill, and expressing my opinions upon
the principles of justice which it violates. 1 do
not say that it does violate these principles, for I
have not examined the bill;'but I speak of the
enunciation of the sentiment which the honorable
Senator has disclaimed, not as a personality, but
in its effect calculated to deter a fair examination
of the principles of the bill before it has actually
been reported upon by a committee, or come be-
fore the Senate for proper discussion.
What view I" may take of it when it comes up
I cannot say. I will only state thus far, as at
present advised. There is one section in the bill
which I have seen, and one section which, with
my present impressions, I believe, if it be not a
violation of the letter of the Constitution, is be-
yond all question a violation of the intent, spirit,
and-purpose of the Federal Constitution. 1 will
state the objection now, though it will be a sub-
ject of reflection and for retraction hereafter on my
part, if I find it unfounded. The objection to
which I allude is this: that that, or any other bill
which attempts to establish the principle of the
homestead on the ground of the alienability or in-
alienability of the lands within the States, whether
it is done indirectly by means of retaining the
title in the Government or not, is a violation of the
Federal Constitution, inasmuch as it perverts the
Federal power, in the disposition of the lands for
the purpose of affecting what is a matter of muni-
cipal discretion alone, the subjecting of lands to
the demands of a creditor.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to express the hope
that this debate may stop here. A question pre-
maturely discussed is badly discussed. I wish
also to say, notwithstanding what has been said
by friends and opponents of the bill, that I hope
it will not be understood that this bill is favored
alone by representatives of the new States. On
the contrary, I am sure it will find other support-
ers and advocates. It will be very pleasant for
me, as a friend of the bill, to speak and to vote for
it now, as I have done more than once heretofore.
It would be unkind and discourteous to withhold
it from the consideration of the standing commit-
tee, since we know the sincerity and the zeal of
this committee in the support of the^ principle of
the homestead policy. Especially is it due that it
should be submitted to the revision of the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker,]
■who is a member of that committee. I remember
when that Senator introduced and proposed a
homestead bill here, at times not long past, when
the proposition won almost no favor here, and
very little popularity anywhere. I congratulate
that honorable Senator on the prospect of the
speedy adoption of a policy identified with his
character and his fame.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will not detain the Senate
by discussing the bill at this time. 1 did not say
in the beginning that it was supported only by
delegates from western States. On the contrary,
I know that some of its warmest and most ardent
supporters are to be found in the old States. I
rejoice that such is the case. I favor the bill my-
self. I shall favor it throughout, so long as it is
kept within reasonable bounds. 1 do not wish to
prolong thedebaie. I wish merely to say that the
expression which I used in the former part of the
debate was not intended to be personal, certainly
not to the Senator from Delaware. Perhaps my
phraseology was not sufficiently guarded. 1 trust,
nevertheless, that we shall be permitted gratefully
to recollect those gentlemen whose enlarged and
liberal spiajl prompts them so to legislate upon in-
terests whreh are vital to us, that we shall no more
be oppressed by the attempt to derive a revenue
from the lands that lie within the limits of our
State. I may urge upon all, though in doing so
I may be guilty of iteration, that we are entitled
to great consideration from this Government. The
fact should be prominently presented that we have
already paid into the public Treasury more than
the public lands ever cost; nay, sir, we have paid
millions into the public Treasury over and above
all the expense of the original purchase and of the
subsequent management of the public lands. And
the Senator from Delaware should not forget the
very striking fact that the General Government is
still possessed of an immense domain, although it
has derived from the public lands $60,000,000
more than the cost of the whole, including the ex-
pense cf survey and sale.
Mr. PETT1T. I do not design to discuss this
question at this time, though I shall at the proper
time ask to be heard at length upon it. I rise
simply to express my hope that the vote will be
taken, and the bill referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. I then shall propose to proceed to
the consideration of the question of the right of
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Phelps] to his
seat. Thatquestion has been delayed for the con-
sideration of the Nebraska bill, and I shall ask to-
day to have it taken up. I hope the vote will be
taken on this question.
Mr. WALKER. Let the bill be read a second
time.
Mr. CASS. I desire to say a word in reply to
the Senator from Virginia. What I said was, that
the time had arrived when the public lands were
not necessary as a source of revenue. I never
meant to convey the idea that you should buy
lands for the purposes which the Senator has ex-
pressed. I merely said that the time has arrived
when they ceased to be necessary as a source of
revenue. Any man who goes back to the history
of the country will know that the land was looked
upon as a great source of revenue. That time
has passed. Circumstances and events have
changed. 1 merely want to put the honorable
Senator right on that point.
The bill was then ordered to be read a second
time; and it was read a second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
A. BOYD HAMILTON.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives, for settling the accounts of A. Boyd
Hamilton, was read, and passed to a second read-
ing.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask that that joint resolu-
tion may be put on its passage. It simply pro-
poses to take from the Secretary of the Senate,
the Clerk of the House, and the Clerk of the Print-
ing Committee, the adjudication and settlement of
certain printing accounts and to confer the power
upon the Comptroller of tlieu Treasury. I pre-
sume there will be no objec^cn to it.
Objection being made, the bill was passed over.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the Senate will now
proceed with the consideration of the bill to author-
ize the extension and completion of the Treasury
Building, and also the construction of a building
for the War, Navy, and Interior Departments.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. President, I believe the
Senator from Delaware will assent to the post-
ponement of this bill, that we may proceed to the
consideration of the case of the gentleman who is
here claiming a seat from Vermont.
Mr. BAYARD. If the bill should give rise to
discussion I have intimated that I would give
way to the consideration of the case of the Sen-
ator from Vermont. The bill was taken up under
peculiar circumstances; but if there is anything
in it which requires discussion, or if the honorable
Senator from Indiana is opposed to it, and desires
to discuss it, I, of course, will yield.
Mr. PETTIT. It is due to the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont, and to the Senate alike, that
the case of that Senator should be taken up and
disposed of. It is a question of privilege. It only
gave way under urgent necessity, as it seemed to
me, on the demand of the friends of the Nebraska
bill. Of all questions, it should be considered at
an early day, and in all other deliberative bodies
it would have had the precedence. It ought to
have it here; and I hope other business will be
made to give way for its consideration. The hon-
orable gentleman who is interested in the case is
present and is ready to proceed with his remarks.
I hope, therefore, the bill proposed by the Senator
from Delaware will be postponed.
Mr. MASON. I do not suppose there is any
great urgency for taking up the case of the Sen-
ator from Vermont to-day. I should prefer that
it should lie over until to-morrow. I desire to
say something upon it which I am not now pre-
pared to say.
Mr. PETTIT. The Senator from Virginia
need not proceed to-day. The Senator from Ver-
mont himself is ready to go on.
Mr. MASON. I understood that that Senator
desired to close the debate. My object was not
to interfere with him.
Mr. PETTIT. No, sir. On the contrary, he
wishes to go on now.
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot see that there can be
any objection to proceeding with the consideration
of the bill at the present time. It is one which
will give rise to no debate. If, in the judgment of
the Senate, these buildings ought to be constructed,
the bill should be passed at an early day. There
is no doubt that it will take but very little time to
pass it, if no opposition is made to it. It is not
my desire to preclude the honorable Senator from
Vermont from proceeding with the discussion in
his own case. It is with no fault of mine that this
bill has been delayed to so late an hour in the
day. I yielded its consideration to have the other
bill referred which has just been disposed of. It
is a bill which relates to a question which is un-
doubtedly a matter of public interest; and if there
is no objection made to it, I do not see why a mo-
tion should be made to postpone it.
Mr. PETTIT. The State of Vermont is either
entitled to two votes or to one only. She has sent
two men here; the seat and the right to vote of
one is not contested—the other is. A delicacy on
the part of that other forbids him to take any part
in the general discussion of subjects before the
Senate, or in any vote whatever; she is, therefore,
disfranchised, and for her I claim the early con-
sideration of this question. It is her right to be
heard here if she has properly sent two Senators,
and this, over all other questions, should be taken
up Tor consideration.
Mr. BAYARD. I think that is perfectly cor-
rect; the only misfortune is that the honorable
Senator could not recollect anything of all this
when this discussion took place in the Senate on
the subject of the mere reference of another bill.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on post-
poning the further consideration of the bill until
to-morrow.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I understand the Sen-
, ator from Delaware to say, that if objection is
; made to the bill, or it leads to discussion, he will
| agree to let it go over. It can be determined, in
: a moment whether there is to be any such objec-
tion or discussion. I am most anxious to proceed
| with the case of the Senator from Vermont; but
| if this bill is not objected to, let us pass it, and
i then proceed to the consideration of that case. If
; it is to be objected to, or discussed, let us ascertain
that fact, and then postpone it. _ I make this sug-
gestion to the Senator from Indiana.
1 Mr. PETTIT. I do not know what the bill is.
I Mr. DODGE. Let us hear it read.
I The PRESIDENT. It is a bill to authorize
1 the extension and completion of the Treasury
! building; also the construction of a building for
the War, and Navy, and Interior Departments.
I Mr. PETTIT. 1 am very anxious to proceed
! to the consideration of the Vermont case. 1 may
| have objections to the bill, and 1 may have to dis-
j cuss it. Under these circumstances, I should pre-
j fer that it should not be taken up.
