THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MAY 23, 1854.
New Series....No. 80.
not do right forty years ago, and have not done
s-ight between that period and now, shall we re-
fuse, after forty or a hundred years more, to do
•rigtur The question with me is not whether there
has been delay in this transaction, (because delay
would only convince me that we ought now to do
what we ought to have done before,) but transla-
ting ourselves back to the point of beginning, what
ought to have been done irureferenee to this tribe
of Indians at the time they were induced to sur-
render the lands. If we took eight millions of
acres of land, we ought to pay for it. Jf we have
jiot paid for it, we ought to do it now.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. Mr. President, I did
not intend to say anything on the question now
sinder consideration, but as t have been referred
to by the honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Hunter,] it becomes necessary that I should make
a few observations upon theamendment before the
Senate.
Sir, 1 was raised upon the borders of the coun-
try of these Indians. My boyhood was spent on
their eastern border when the Ocmulgee river was
the dividing line between the State of Georgia and
the Creek tribe of Indians. At the close of the
war in 1815, when still quite a youth, I removed
to the State of Alabama, and settled within a few .
miles of where I now reside, at what was then
called Port Jackson, the point at which this treaty
was made, and where General Jackson closed the
war with the Creek tribe of Indians in 1814. I
lived for the first year after I removed thete liter-
ally among the Indians. I knew nearly all thetr
ieading men, and especially many of those whose
names are affixed to the treaty. My sympathies
are with the Indians, and particularly with that
tribe of Indians for whose benefit this appropria-
tion is proposed, about whom I know much. I
have listened with a great deal of patience and
anxiety to gentlemen who have discussed this
question to see if they could convince me that it
was proper for me to cast my vote for this amend-
ment.
I know some of the Creek delegation who are
now in this city pressing this claim. I know
Qpothleyoholo. I know Marshall, the other chief
who is here; and I know intimately the very
worthy and estimable gentleman who is the agent
superintending this claim. I have listened with a
great deal of interest to his explanation of it,
to see if he could satisfy me of the propriety of
voting for it. I have also listened attentively to all
that has been said by those Senators who have
advocated the amendment. I attended with pleas-
ure to the elaborate and able argument of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] some days
ago on this subject; and I was much interested
this morning with the argument of the Senator
from Arkansas; but, sir, I have not been able to
satisfy myself that I can, with propriety, vote for
the amendment.
I, perhaps, knowmorefrom personal observation
than I do from a very critical examination of histor-
ical facts connected with this matter, although I
have looked into it. When the war of 1812 was
declared I lived upon the eastern frontier of the
country occupied by this tribe; and, although then
quite a boy, the exciting scenes which transpired
along that frontier are still vividly in my recollec-
tion. I removed, as I said before, at the close of
the war, in the fall of 1815, and settled in the
country which had been the heart of the hostile
operations, and may, therefore, be permitted to
know something in regard to them. I am not
disposed to place myself here as a barrier to this
claim, but, sir, I cannot overlook the fact that a
very great time has intervened between the alleged
wrong of which complaint is now made and the
present moment. 1 look at this lapse oi time as
evidence that the actors in the scene, the promi-
nent men who figured with General Jackson in
that war, and who consummated the treaty with
him, never thought of such a claim. So far as
my knowledge extends, they never whispered a
solitary word in reference to any such claim on
the Federal Government. Why, sir, the Big
Warrior, who heads the list of those who signed
80
that treaty, was among the most remarkable nat-
ural men that I ever saw. He almost reigned
supreme over his nation. He was the great chief
of what were called the Middle and the Upper
Creeks. Scarcely inferior to him was Mcintosh
and the Little Prince, who were called the head
chiefs of the Cowetas or eastern Indians. To one
who knew these men as well as 1 did, or knew
their love of money and their disposition to ac-
quire it, it would seem strange that, if this claim
really existed, if they believed it was a just one,
they never presented it during their lifetime. 1
know of no man within the circle of my acquaint-
ance who would have applied sooner than they
would for the payment of any just demand, es-
pecially when we consider the amount claimed—
half a million of dollars.
Why, sir, Mcintosh, as I have always under-
stood, paid the penalty of his life in consequence
of the disposition which he made against the
wishes of a large portion of his tribe, of the coun-
try of his tribe, and because of a large amount of
money which it was alleged had been paid to him
to obtain a cession of the Creek country, over
which he assumed a right to control. The coun-
try «was sold against fehe wishes of the people, and
Mcintosh was murdered by aband of them headed
by one of the principal chiefsbelonging to the hos-
tiles in the war of 1812. Sir, if you tell me that
the Big Warrior and the Little Prince and William
Mcintosh slept over their rights for this length of
time, and never whispered to this Government
that they had a just demand, you would impress
upon my mind things which I cannot believe.
This consideration has been the great difficulty
with me in coming to anything like a satisfactory
conclusion in favor of the amendment. I do not
set up the lapse of time asan estoppel to theclaim,
but I oppose it because I believe the parties never
thought themselves entitled to it.
A great deal has been said about the quantity
of land assigned the friendly Creeks. The war
raged up and down the Alabama river, to the
junction of the Coosa and Tallapoosa, and ex-
tended up those two rivers as high as the Chero-
kee line. The first battle which the troops under
General Jackson fought was at Taflasahatchee.
That Indian town lies now in the county of
Benton, one of the most flourishing and pop-
ulous counties in the State of Alabama. De-
low that lies the county of Talladega, which
takes its name from the celebrated battle-ground
of Talladega, where General Jackson dealt such
destruction to the hostile Creeks, who had be-
sieged for several days a portion of friendly In-
dians.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to ask the Senator
from Alabama whether my impression is correct
in regard to this matter; for l understand that
these counties belonged to the hostile Indians, and
were given under the capitulation to the friendly
Indians?
Mr. FlTZPATRICK. That, sir, is my under-
standing. Ir was hostile country. There were
but few friendly Indians settled in this country
during the war of 1812. The great bulk of them
were hostile. Those who were friendly, how-
ever, fled to the Tennessee and the Georgia settle-
ments—perhaps mostly to Tennessee—for succor
and relief, and united with the whites, where
many of them became efficient auxiliaries to the
commanding generals in conducting their armies
into the heart of the Creek nation. The junction
of the two' rivers was the seat of war, although
there was no prominent battle fought there. Near
the junction was one of the most populous Creek
towns at that time in the whole Creek nation—the
town of Coosawda—the first town, if I am not
incorrectly informed, at which Tecumseh held
his grand talk with the Creek chiefs in that vi-
cinity. I live within three miles and a half of that
town now, and £ went there when the whole
neighborhood was a wilderness, and inhabited by
hardly any one but Indians. The very chief with
whom Tecumseh talked was one of the warriors
who fought at the battle of Calebee. Such is my
understanding. From that point Tecumseh went
up among the hostiles between the two rivers, and
ultimately toTucabachee, where he held his grand
council with the Big Warrior, who failed to take
his counsel, and was charged by him with cow-
ardice. The hostile country then was from Fort
Mimms and below, up the Alabama river to the
points to which I have before alluded.
It is very difficult, however, to define what lines
govern Indians in the disposition of their prop-
erty, or the claims they set up for their landfs.
No Lower Creek, so far as my knowledge ex-
tends, went to the land assigned according to the
stipulations of the treaty with General Jackson,
except the Big Warrior and his adherents, if they
could be called Lower Creeks. They, however,
resided there before the war broke out. At the •
breaking out of the war, what were called the
Creek or Muscogee nation owned a large portion
of the State of Georgia, from the Ocmulgee river
to the western line of Alabama, as it is now fixed,
to the then border between the Choctaws and the
Chickasaws. 1 will not undertake to say what
was the dividing line between the Tallapoosa and
Coosa Indians, and the Chattahoochee and Flint
River Indians, because there was no regularly
marked or dividing line between them. They
seem to have rather distinct hunting grounds, in-
stead of separate and distinct tracts of country. If
I am not mistaken, however, and 1 have traveled
through the whole of that country, the hostiles
extended along; the tributaries of the Tallapoosa
and the Alabama until you come to the dividing
waters between the Alabama, Tallapoosa, ana
Chattahoochee. That is what I understand to be
the hostile country inhabited by the Indians who
waged war upon the citizens of Georgia, and
what was then the frontier of the Mississippi
Territory.
The Creek Indians who adhered to the Big
Warrior, had too much intelligence and too much
sagacity to unite with the hostile Indians. I knew
many of these friendly Indians. I lived among
them, and knew their capacity to assertand main-
tain their rights. Many of them lived in the part
of Alabama where I first resided. I recollect, and
shall ever recollect, that the Big Warrior at one
time came with a sealed letter to the gentleman
with whom 1 was living, and asked him.to read
it. He said he was apprehensive it contained
mischief, and the " forked tongues' talk," to use
his language. The letter was broken open, and
it was found to be from Arbuthnot, in Florida,
who was endeavoring to urge him and his people
to take up arms and destroy the inhabitants liv-*
ing in the newly acquired territory, and to smoke
the great pipe of peace with the people of New
Providence and the Spanish settlements. The
gentleman with whom I resided, read the letter to
the Big Warrior, and next morning, being sum-
mer time, he took him out under the shade of a
large tree, and said he wanted to hear his " talk."
The Big Warrior told him that he had made that
treaty with General Jackson; that General Jack-
son was a straight forward, plain man; that he
himself was tired of war; that many oThis people
had been destroyed in the war, and he was utterly
opposed to its renewal; he was contented with his
condition, and he said that the message of Ar-
buthnot should make no impression on his tribe.
Such was the language of that remarkable red
man. I recollect, too, that a portion of the neigh-
bors, then new settlers in that Territory, ^llected
in the course of the morning, to ascertain what
would be the Big Warrior's determination on the
communication made to him by Arbuthnot. He
directed the interpreter to-say to Mr. Mitchell, the
gentleman with whom I was living, and those
standing by, that they need entertain no alarm,
no apprehension; that his name was to the treaty,
and he intended to maintain the treaty sacredly.
This gave peace and quietness to the settlers.
My knowledge of the country, which is now
claimed to have been taken from the Indians,
under the treaty of 1814, lying east of the Chatta-
hoochee, is very limited; but from what I know
of the country lying south and west of that, and
within the limits of Alabama, I think that Gen-
