-<. u
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 8,
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
Page eleven, line five, after the appropriation of $50,000
for reopemfog a communication between the Albemarle
Sound in North Carolina and the Atlantic occan, insert the
following as part dVthe same clause:
In addition to ifie sum of $50,000 appropriated by the act
of August 30, 1852, which sum is hereby reappropriated for
a breakwater or such other worfes as the Secretary of War
may deem best adapted to accomplish that object.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
' the im
Page twelve, line five, after the appropriation for
provement of the Colorado river, in Texas, insert:
For the improvement of the Brazos river, in the State of
Texas, $44,000,
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Page thirteen, line twenty-seven, insert the words" and
Passaic river below the town of Newark and of Newark
bay}" so as to make the clause read:
For continuing the improvement of the harbor at Newark
and Passaic river below the town of Newark and of Newark
bay, New Jersey, $25,000,
Mr. FENTON. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I call for
tellers upon the question.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was non-concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Page thirteen, alter line eight, insert the following:
For the survey of the harbors of Sari Pedro, Santa Bar-
bara, Monterey, San Francisco, Humboldt, and Trinity, in
the State of California, and the rivers Sacramento, San
Joaquin, and Colorado, and the harbor of Appalachicola,
Florida, #15,000.
Mr. HAVEN. I call for tellers on that amend-
ment.
Teller^ were ordered; and Messrs. Chamber-
lain and Pratt were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes fifty-one, (not a majority of a quorum.)
So the amendment v/as non-concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Page fifteen, line eight, aftertheword " bidders" strike
out to the end of the bill, as follows:
Jhtd provided) That all persons intrusted with the dis-
bursement of Hie funds appropriated for the works named
in this act, shall be required to give bond and ample security
for the ftiithful application of the same.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Add at the end of the bill the following :
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized, to contract with the
proper parties for the purchase of Grant's Pass, near the
entranco of Mobile harbor, 011 the mail route from New
Orleans to Mobile, and that he report said contract to Con-
gress, at its next session for approval.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the amendments
were non-concurred in, and to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I now move to sus-
pend the 16th and I7th joint rules to allow the bill
to go !o the Seriate.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not necessary
as those rules have been suspended for the remain-
der of the session.
Mr. HAVEN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. HENN. I ask the gentleman from New-
York to withdraw that motion to permit me to
offer a resolution providing for paying the mail
boys who are so constantly bringing our mail to
us. '
Mr. HAVEN. I cannot withdraw for that |
purpose. I
Mr. HIBBARD. Irisetoaprivileged question. !
I move to reconsider the vote by which the bill to
provide for carrying into effect the late treaty be-
tween the United States and Great Britain was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. ORR. I ask the Speaker if that motion is
in order? Does not the motion of the gentleman
from New York to go into a Committee of the
Whole on the state of Union take precedence?
Mr. HAVEN. I only desire to say that I have
no disposition to take any control over these mat-
ters. I am perfectly willing to leave the arrange-
ment and disposal of the business of the House,
to the gentlemen upon the other side of the House.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman from
New Hampshire will withdraw his motion.
Mr. HIBBARD. At the request of gentle-
men around me, I will withdraw my proposition
to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can have it
entered, and taken up at any time.
Mr. McMULLIN. I think that it is certain,
and must be well understood, that it will be utterly
impossible for us to adjourn to-morrow at twelve
o'clock.
[Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House do
now adjourn; and on that motion I demand
tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
The question was taken on Mr. Haven's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Fuller in the chair.)
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the committee do
now proceed to the consideration of the amend-
ments of the Senate to the naval appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
First amendment:
That at the navy-yard at San Francisco the pay of the
commander shall be $3,500 per annum; the pay of one
storekeeper, $3,500; one civil engineer, 454,000; one
draughtsman, who shall be clerk to engineer, $2,000; one
clerk to storekeeper, $2,000 j one navy agent, $4,000 ; one
clerk to navy agent, $2,0(f0.
Mr. PHELPS. An amendment similar to this
was offered when this appropriation bill was last
before us, and ruled out of order. I hope it will be
non-concurred in.
Mr. McDOUGALL. These are officers who
have to discharge official duty in California, and
their pay, as specified in the amendment, has
been fixed in the estimates from the Department.
The Committee of Finance of the Senate have re-
duced the estimates in almost every instance, and
1 am sure that the services required of these offi-
cers cannot be had in California for less than the
amount stated in the amendment. Why should
there be a non-concurrence?
Mr. PHELPS. 1 have this to say: At pres-
ent, in California, you have a dry-dock and a pier
constituting your navy-yard, and by the act, of
last Congress it was provided tfiat that dry-dock
may be leased out to dock the merchant marine.
Then I do not see why we should have the per-
•sfigelle of a navy-yard there. The amendment
provides for a commander, storekeeper, civil engi-
neer draughtsman, and navy agent.
Mr. BOCOCK. It will be remembered that on
a former occasion, when this bill was up, I moved
an amendment similar to the one now under con-
sideration. I had no opportunity to explain it,
because it was ruled out of order.
Now, Mr. Chairman, we have a dry-dock and
pier in California; and under an act passed by a
former Congress, a navy-yard distinct and separate
was provided to be laid out. In order -to have it
laid out, it is necessary to send some one there to
take charge and superintend the work. The Sec-
retary of the Navy has already actually ordered a
commander of the Navy to repair there for the
purpose of that superintendence. Now, I would
ask my friend from Missouri, can this commander,
who has been ordered, and is bound to go there,
live in California at a pittance of $2,500? The
commonest of day-laborers get ten dollars a day
there. The price of board is six dollars per day.
If more officers are provided for in the amend-
ment than are needed, move to strike some out.
Some must go; some have been ordered to go there.
Then pay those who are bound to go a proper
salary. To pay a proper salary, we must make
an increase of what is already received by these
officers.
Mr. PHELPS. I look to the action of this
House in reference to the navy-yard at San Fran-
cisco. The Committee of Ways and Means
recommended that $200,000 should be appropri-
ated for the building of a navy-yard at that place.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union agreed to the amendment; but when it came
into the House, it was voted down. The Senate
made an amendment to the bill appropriating for
the same purpose the same amount which was
recommended by the Committee of Ways and
Means. Then, if the House refuses to concur in
that amendment, of what use are all these officers ?
Mr. SKELTON. Do not these officers get
their regular salaries as naval officers besides?
Mr. PHELPS. This is to increase their pay.
Mr. BOCOCK. It is not in addition to their
pay as naval officers.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to increase the
appropriation ten dollars. Mr. Chairman, I would
ask the gentleman from Missouri whether the
Committee of Ways and Means did not recom-
mend an appropriation of $200,000 for the navy-
yard at San Francisco ?
Mr. PHELPS. 1 have already stated that the
Committee of Ways and Means did recommend
such an appropriation. I also stated that the
House struck it out.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It has been recommended
by the Secretary of the Navy, by the Committee
of Ways and Means of this House, and by the
Finapce Committee of the Senate. It is now
added to the bill by the Senate, and 1 hope it will
be concurred in by this body.
We have a navy agent at San Francisco. We
have a naval storekeeper there, apart from, and
not at all connected with, the navy-yard. They
are both important offices, and the individuals
who hold them are responsible for the disburse-
ment of large sums of money in the transaction of
important public business; and there roust be an
appropriation made providing for their payment.
I contend that the sum appropriated in this bill
for that purpose is not a fair and reasonable com-
pensation; and it is less than bricklayers get in
the city of San Francisco. If we are to have an
administration of Federal officers there, let us give
such a compensation as will secure good, fair,
and respectable men—men who are fit to hold a
responsible position. I consider that the amend-
ment is a just and reasonable one, and I hope that
the committee will agree to it. I now withdraw
my amendment.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was non-concurred in.
Second amendment:
Page two, line fifteen, after the word " dollars" insert:
ilProvided, Any naval officers who may be charged with
the preparation, superintendences or publication of the
Nautical Almanac, shall receive no compensation for such
duty beyond what he would receive whilst on duty at sea;"
so that, as amended, the section would read:
For pay of the superintendents of naval construction, and
all the civil establishments at the navy-yards and stations,
$115,350: Provided, Any naval officer who maybe charged
with the preparation, superintendence, or publication of
the Nautical Almanac, shall receive no compensauon far
such duty beyond what he would receive whilst on dutyfft
sea. *
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the committee will agree
to the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Page five, line two, after the word other " strike out al 1
to the end, and including the word " dollars," in line six,
and insert in lieu thereof the words <4 improvements appli-
cable to naval purposes, $10,000," so that the section, as
amended, would read :
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to test any improve-
ments in steam boilers, or improvements applicable 10 naval
purposes, $10,000.
Mr. PHELPS. It will be recollected that an
appropriation of $10,000 was made for the pur-
pose of enabling the Secretary of the Navy to test
any improvements in steam boilers. The Senate
have agreed to the amendment, providing that this
sum should be expended for that purpose, or for
any other purpose relative to improvement in
naval affairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. X move that
the committee rise.
The question waa taken; and it was decided in
the negative.
So the committee refused to rise.
Fourth amendment:
Inline twenty-six, after the word "tools," strike out
the word "from," and insert in lieu thereof the word
" for," so that the section, as amended, would read:
For quay wall, connecting with dock basin ; completing
engine house ; machinery, tools for machinists and smiths.;
launching and hauling up water cisterns; for officers' quar-
ters ; extending ship-house number four; extension of ship-
house, and launching slip, and repairs of all kinds, $63,550.
