1286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
eral Jackson not only did the United States a j
service, but did the Indians themselves a service j
in running a line which would cut off ail commu- I
nication between the Seminoles and the Creeks.
General Jackson showed great political forecast,
not only for the Government of the United States,
but for the Indians themselves, in cutting off nil
communications between the Indians as well as
the American citizens Wfthin our own limits, and
the Indians in the then Spanish dominions, which
had a beneficial effect, I am satisfied, in prevent-
ing future outbreaks.
After the war, the friendly Indians returned to
their own homes. The "Big: Warrior" went
to the town of Tukabachee, where he lived and
died. The Creek Indians, living on the Chatta-
hoochee and the Flint rivers, remained at their
homes during the war, and I know of no Indian
belonging to what I understood to be the Lower
Creeks, as they were generally denominated, who
ever went into the country assigned, between the'
rivers Coosa and Tallapoosa.
Mr. BELL. Then, do J understand tile Sena-
tor to say that the Lower Creeks, who were the
friendly Indians, did not remove and occupy the
ground assigned to them as an equivalent, by
General Jarkson ?
Mr.FlTZPATRICIC. They did not live there,
except the Big Warrior and his tribe. The hos-
tile Indians had occupied the country between the
Talapoosa and the Coosa, which General Jack-
son gave to the friendly Creeks as an equivalent
for the land taken from them.
Mr. PETTIT. I wish to ask the Senator from
Alabama a question, for I sincerely want inform-
ation on this question, and I have not got it suf-
ficiently to satisfy my own judgment as to how 1
ought to vote upon it. I wish u> ask him whether
the Government of the United States owns, and is
in possession of, or whether it has sold to indi-
viduals, any lands in this region which U has not
bought of some tribe. 1 understand that we ac-
knowledge that the whole face of the country was
once owned by the Indians, and that we claim it
only after having' bought out their possessory
right. Now, I wish to know whether there is any
large tract of country there for which these In-
dians are claiming pay, that we have not paid
either them or some other tribes for?
Mr. FiTZPATRlCK. Subsequently to the
treaty of 1814?
Mr. PETTIT. At any time.
Mr. FiTZPATRlCK. All the country not
embraced in the treaty of 1814 has since been ac-
quired by the United States under other treaties.
Mr. WALKER. If I understand the question
of the Senator from Indiana, it is whether, within
this district, amounting; to over eight millions of
acre?, we have ever acquired any other title than
that which we obtained by the capitulation of
1814.
Mr. PETTIT. The object of my question was
for information. I take this position for the whole
broad surface of the Union: It has been owned
by innumerable tribes, and 1 hold that this Gov-
ernment can have no lands upon this continent
which it has not bought, in some capacity, at some
time, from some tribe. It seems there is a large
quantity of land in Alabama and Georgia, for
which a ttibe of Indians claim payment from us.
What I want to know is, have we possessed our-
selves of any lands there which we have not
bought of, and paid for, to some tribe?
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sin we have.
Mr. PETTIT. That is what I want to know.
If that be the case, we ought to pay for it.
Mr. JOHNSON. There are nearly ten millions
of acres which we have never paid for.
Mr. FITZPATRICIC Land was acquired
under the treaty made by General Jackson, both
in Alabama and on the eastern side of the Chat-
tahoochee river, in Georgia Since this treaty,
all the other territory held by these Indians has
been purchased, and is now owned by the Gov-
ernment, or by citizens who have bought land
from the United States. There is no land there
unappropriated to which the Indians have any
title, except that under the treaty of 1832 each
Creek head of a family was authorized to take
three hundred and twenty acres; and a small por-
tion of those lands are yet unsold, I understand,
in Alabama, from the fact that some removed
without disposing of them, and others died before
they were disposed of; and these lands are yet
held by the Government for the use and benefit of
the Indians who were located on them.
Mr. PETTIT. Then 1 understand the Senator
to say that we have acquired the whole face of
this counti y, bought out the possessory right of
some tribe without paying for it, this money being
*no necessary part of the consideration for any por-
tion of the face of the country.
Mr. "FiTZPATRlCK. I take the ground that
it has been paid for, and that is the reason why I
cannot vote for this amendment.
Sir. DAWSON. I will read the instructions
given to General Pinckney, when he went into
this country:
" 1 The United States will retain so much of the conquered
territory aa may appear to the Government thereof to he a
jn^t indemnity for the expenses of the war, and as a res-
tthihon for the injuries suttained by its citizens and the
friendly Creek Indians.' And he directed the terms to be
communicated to the friendly Indians; and said: 'Yon
may likewise inform them, that the United States will not
furget their fidelity, but, in the arrangements winch may be
made of the lauds to he retained as indemnity, their claims
will be respected; and such of their chiefs as have distin-
guished themselves, by their exertion and valor in the com-
mon cause, will aho receive a remuneration in the ceded
lands, and in such manner as the Government may di-
rect.' "
The Secretary of War also instructed General
Pinckney that
11 One of the terms of a peaee with the hostiles must be
an indemnification for the expenses of the wai. by the ces-
sion of so much land as should be deemed an equivalent."
And he directed further?
"That the treaty should be, in form, altogether military,
and in the nature of a capitulation."
These lands, in 1814, were taken by the Gov-
ernment, under a treaty then entered into, in con-
sideration of the expenses incurred in the war,
and to remunerate the whites and friendly Indians
for the losses sustained. That was the compen-
sation paid for the lands.
Mr. FiTZPATRlCK. The great difficulty
with me has been, that notwithstanding these
chiefs set up a claim to lands which the command-
ing general in 1814 attempted to take from thein,
the correspondence read by the Senator from Ar-
kansas shows that the agent said when the treaty
was made, that $G(),000 would have been, he be-
lieved , a full requital for all the claims they set up.
In 1817, it will be recollected, they had a delega-
tion heie seeking compensation from the Govern-
ment for spoliations committed in the war of
1812-'13, and 1814, and, if I am not mistaken,
$85,000 were then appropriated to the Indians, as
a full remuneiation for all the claims they had on
the Government up to that period. The parties
mainly interested, and who were competent to
vindicate their rights and enforce them before a
liberal agd enlightened Government, never asserted
any right until many of those who served m the
transaction had passed oft'the stage of action; and
some two yeais ago an additional appropriation of
$111,000 was made. In the mean time we have
had some three or four ti eaties with these Indians,
and all their territory lying within the present limits
of the State of Georgia has been acquired. In
that portion of country a large number, perhaps I
might say the bulk of what were called the Lower
Creeks, always resided, save the Big Warrior and
his tribe, who lived on the Tallapoosa. In 1832,
I think, we made the last treaty with these In-
dians, and acquiied all the lands they had lying in
Alabama, except-the reservation before alluded to.
hi all the treaties wo have hud, from that of 1H14
until the close of 1832, if there ever was any claim
set up by that tribe of Indians for remuneration
for land taken ftom them by this capitulation, it
has never reached my ears.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, f think it very possible
that the Senator from Alabama did not hear the
extracts which I read. My voice is peculiarly
unfortunate to make myself heard; and I will ask
the Senator whether he heard what I read fiom
the repoit made in 1817, by Mr. Lowndes, and
the report made in 1821, by Mr. McLane, and
the answer of Mr. Hawkins fo the interrogations
of the War Department, in 1815?
Mr. FITZPATR.ICIC. I did not. I, however,
read Mr. Lowndes's report some days ago.
Mr. SE15ASTIAN. They show that theclaim
which has heretofore been prosecuted by the In-
dians was exclusively for spoliations; that is, the
aggregate of individual claims for their separate
losses by depredations and the destruction of prop-
erty by the hostiles. Those documents are con-
clusive on that point; and 1 take it for granted,
from the tenor of the remarks of the Senator from
Alabama, that he did not hear me read them, be-
cause it is with great difficulty that I can make
myself heard all over the Chamber. I take it for
granted, also, that he is arguing in ignorance of
the fact that in 1842, Opothleyoholo, now a dele-
gate in this city attending to this business, pressed
this claim before Mr. Hitchcock, who was sent
out as an agent of the War Department, when the
Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] was at its
head. He told him that the claim of the Creeks
for lands and spoliations was one great cause of
complaint on their part at that time. I quote
this merely to show that when agent Hawkins
said $60,000 would have contented the Indians in
1814, he had allusion entirely to the claim for
spoliations on property.
It is also inferred, from the silence of the In-
dians, that they abandoned this claim. To con-
trovert this, I show that as late as 1842, Opothle-
yoholo, in an Indian council, brought forward
this unsatisfied demand; and he further stated that
when General Jackson became President, the
Creek Indians believed they would have full satis-
faction for all their claims, because they had the
most unlimited confidence in the integrity of Gen-
eral Jackson. He went on further to state that
when he came here it was at the time when Gen-
eral Jackson was seriously pressed by the difficul-
ties arising out of the Indian emigration, and the
contests arising out of the fact that the Creeks and
Cherokees had made a great many difficulties with
the Government about the jurisdiction of the State
sovereignties. General Jackson was then very
anxious foe the emigration; and, according to the
narrative Opothleyoholo gave at the time of his
interview with General Jackson, his reply, in an-
swer to the claim for indemnity for these spolia-
tion of lands was, that as soon as they emigrated
west the Government would settle with them for
the whole amount of their claims.
The Creek Indians were very much astonished
when they emigrated west, in pursuance of the
treaty of 1832, and found that the balance due
them for property destroyed, $110,000, was not
paid, and that some arrangement was not made
about the land taken from them—eight million
acres—without compensation. A delegation came
on before their removal, instructed to prefer this
very claim; but the consideration ofit was waived
by General Jackson, who did not want to com-
plicate himself by too many questions at that time;
but he assured them that their claims would be
adjusted when they removed west. In the mean
time, the old General had gone out of office, and
they could no longer prefer their claims under the
same friendly auspicea which they expected to
operate in their favor when he was President.
Mr. FiTZPATRlCK. > I was about to remark
that it was strange that this claim was never men-
tioned in the many treaties which were held with
these Indians during the lifetime of the promi-
nent actors in these scenes—during the lifetime of
the Indians who signed the oi igmal treaty. There
were many sagacious and shrewd men who had
charge of these I ndians as their agents during this
time, and who, to my knowledge, were always
alive to their interests. To none of them will I
do more homage than to the a^ent who has been
alluded to, (Mr. Hawkins ) Though but a youth,
! knew him slightly, and I can indorse the recom-
mendations which have been made of him. The
claim set up by Opothleyoholo in 1842, I do not
remember that I have heard spoken ot before. It
will not have much weight with me, however,
when such men as the Big Warrior, the Little
Prince, and Mcintosh, set up no claim before
their death. They lived many years after the
tieaty of 1814.
Governor Mitchell succeeded Mr. Hawkins as
agent, and Mr. Crowell followed him. There has
been no period since when they have not had a
most competent agent to supervise, control, and
superintend them, as to their pecuniary matters.
During the whole term of General Jackson's ad-
ministration, who was entirely familiar with these
Indians, not a word was said, so far as my knowl-
edge extends, about this claim. Although I have
lived a great length of time in the country upon
their borders, and mingled with them to a certain
extent, i never heard a word of the claim until
during the winter before the last.
All these facts amount to a conviction on my
