1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1267
mind that these Indians, and those who guarded
and controlled them, did regard as full compensa-
tion the appropriation of money made in 1817
under Mr. Lowndes's report, for all claims under
the treaty of Fort Jackson.
I did not design, as the Senator from Virginia
will do me the justice to say, to participate in this
debate; but, having been alluded to, I deemed it
F roper to put myself right in reference to the vote
should give. If I could vote for the claim as
one of right, I would not hesitate to yield the
amendment my support. I would gladly do so if
I could believe i was- doing an act of justice to
these people.
Mr. SHIELDS. Itis important that weshould
have an Executive session; and I therefore move
that the further consideration of this bill be post-
poned until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate amessage from the Presidentof the United
States, transmitting a report from the Secretary of
State, with accompanying documents, in answer
to the resolution of the Senate of 30th of January.
Mr. CASS. That resolution was introduced
on my motion, and I rise now to move that the
papers be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and be ptinted. They have relation to
the proceedings of the Greek Government, con-
nected with the affair of Dr. King, and are very
interesting to the people of this country.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 23, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of yes-
terday's Journal.
Mr. CLINGMAN. i presume we may, by
unanimous consent, dispense with the reading of
yesterday 's Journal, which is very lengthy.
The SPEAKER. Unless objection be made,
the further reading of the Journal will be dis-
pensed with.
Mr. JONES, of New York. I object. The
Journal, in which we all are concerned, should be
read, so that, if there be any mistake, we may
make the necessary correction.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and ap-
proved.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. MAURICE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a personal explana-
tion.
[Cries of (t Agreed!"]
Mr. MAURICE. I was, much to my regret,
prevented by sickness from being in attendance
at the session of the House yesterday. I desire
simply to say, that if I had been present, I should
have voted in the negative on the bill to organize
the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska. If it be
in order, I would ask leave of the House to have
my name recorded in the negative.
[Cries of "1 object!"]
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move that fifty thousand
copies of yesterday *s Journal be printed for dis-
tribution among the people. It relates to very im-
portant proceedings, and ought to go out.
Mr. PHELPS, i object.
Mr. BRIDGES. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Friday next.
The motion is submitted with a view that the
officers of the House may have an opportunity to
remove the carpet, and renovate the Hall.
PENSION FRAUDS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Department of the Interior,
transmitting, in obedience to the resolution of the
House of the 11th instant, requesting the commu-
nication of such information as to the frauds on
the Pension Office mentioned in the late annual
report of the Commissioner of Pensions, and any
other similar frauds which may have since been
discovered, as will exhibit their natureand extent,
a report from the Commissioner of Pensions con-
taining all the information in the possession of the
Department on the subject.
On motion by Mr. HAVEN, the communica-
tion was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has moved that when the House adjourns,
it be to meet on Friday next.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand the yeas and
nays, and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Houston" were appointed
The House was then divided on the demand
for the yeas and nays; and the tellers reported
forty in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRIDGES. Upon the suggestion of some
friends around me, I withdraw my motion.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I find that the communica-
tion from the Department of the Interior, which
was before the House just now, relates to frauds
committed upon the Pension Office; and that sub-
ject is now before the Committee on the Judiciary.
I therefore move to reconsider the reference that
was made just now, and that the communication
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, it
will be so ordered.
No objection being made, the communication
was referred to the Commiuee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DICKINSON. I send to the Clerk's table
a notice of my intention to move for leave to in-
troduce a joint resolution upon some subsequent
day.
The SPEAKER. The notice can be given
under the rules.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object, if itcan be given
under the rule.
The SPEAKER. If the notice is a notice of
the gentleman's intention to introduce a joint res-
olution, it can be given, and must be given, if ob-
jected to, under the rule,at the Clerk's table.
Mr. HAMILTON. Then I object.
Mr. COBB. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of the bill reported from the
Committee on Public Lands, by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Bennett,] " granting lands
equally to the several States to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads and for the support of schools."
The pending question is on a motion to recommit
the bill; and the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Hamilton] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PE1ELPS. I ask my friend from Mary-
land to give way, to enable me to submit a motion
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of'the Whole on
the state of the Union, with a view of taking up
the deficiency bill.
Mr. H1LLYER. 1 rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move that when this House adjourns, it
adjourn to meet on Fnday next, for the purpose
of enabling the Hall to be cleansed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
cannot take the floor from the gentleman from
Maryland for that purpose.
Mr. HILLYER. I have always understood
that a motion to adjourn over was a privileged
motion.
The SPEAKER. So it is, if the gentleman can
get the floor to make it, and so is a motion to ad-
journ ; but the gentleman must get the floor before
he can submit either.
Mr. BENNETT. I desire to make a sugges-
tion.
Mr. PHELPS. I requested the gentleman
from Maryland to yield the floor to enable me to
move to go into committee, with a view of taking
up the amendments of the Senate to the deficiency
bill.
Mr. HAMILTON. Now, I will hear the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Bennett.]
Mr. BENNETT. I desire to make a sugges-
tion, which I trust will be favorably received by
the House. I have no disposition to crowd the
land bill in the way of the deficiency bill; and I
therefore ask that the consideration of the bill
which I reported some time ago be postponed four
weeks from this date.
Mr. HAMILTON. I yield the floor to the
gentleman from New York for that purpose.
Mr. LETCHER. Let us understand what the
question is now before the House.
The SPEAKER. It is to postpone the con-
sideration of the land bill reported by the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Bennett] four weeks
from this date.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Thegentleman from New
York has a right to submit tfte motion indicated
by him.
Mr. BENNETT. I move that the consider-
ation of the bill referred to be postponed four
weeks.
The question was then taken; aad the motion
was agreed to.
So the consideration of the bill was postponed
four weeks.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. I now renew my motion that
the House lesolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, for the purpose
of taking up the deficiency bill.
The question was then taken; and the motion
was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Chandler in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. When the deficiency bill
was last under consideration, there was an amend-
ment pending1 offered by the gentleman from Illi-
] nois, [Mr. Wentwortii.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of
order. The consideration of this bill, as well as
other bills, having been set aside by order of the
committee, I make the point of order that we
must proceed to the consideration of the bill next
succeeding the one last under consideration—that
relating to the oiganization of the Territories of
Nebraska and Kansas.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion made by the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] was, that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union upon the defici-
ency bill.
Mr. PHELPS. There is no motion submitted
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair believes that
the suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio was a
very proper one.
Mr. PHELPS. I could not understand the re-
marks submitted by the gentleman from Ohio. I
do not know that there is any objection to the con-
sideration of the deficiency bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object to the considera-
tion of the bill now.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, whether
the committee shall proceed to the further consid-
eration of the deficiency bill?
Mr. WHEELER demanded a division.
The House then divided, and eighty-three voted
in the affirmative. A count in the negative not
being demanded, the committee agreed to proceed
to the consideration of the deficiency bill.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, I do not pro-
pose to submit any additional remarks on the
amendments now pending, except to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the necessity of speedy
action on this bill. In order to facilitate such
speedy action, I propose to let the committee vote
on the amendments without submitting any further
remarks. I hope, therefore, that the committee will
proceed now to vote on th& amendments made by
the Senate. I hope the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wentworth] will withdraw theamendment
which he offered the other day, so as to let the
committee proceed to vote on the Senate amend-
ments.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I am willing to with-
draw it, if there be no objection.
There being no objection, the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Wentworth was withdrawn.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will now pro-
ceed to report the first amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Page two, line twenty two of printed bill, strike out
" two," and insert " four," thus increasing the amount for
extra clerk hire in the State Department from $2,000 to
#4*000.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment.
