1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2125
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifth amendment:
Page eight, line two, after the word " slip" insert kt gas
fixtures and pipes for lighting grounds and buildings."
Mr. PHELPS. Thi§ is a proposition to in-
crease the appropriation for the improvement of
the navy-yard at Norfolk $10,000, and for the
purpose of introducing gas for lighting that navy-
yard . I think we had better concur in the amend-
ment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
' Line three, after the word " and" where it first occurs,
strike out the word " fifty," and insert in lieu thereof the
word " sixty."
The clauses amended by the fifth and sixth
amendments reads:
For completion of saw mill, completion of ordnance
building, completion of marine railway, extending boiler
shop, converting old ordnance to machine shop, quay
wall, removing shears, extension of ship house and slip,
gas fixtures and pipes for lighting grounds and buildings,
filling in around foundry and laboratory ? dredging chan-
nel, machinery, steam hammerand slanting machine, and
repairs of all kinds, $162,381.
Mr. PHELPS. I recommend a concurrence in
the amendment striking out the words " for contin-
uingand raising the walls at Pensacola navy-yard
and armory." The appropriation is for contin-
uing the foundry and machinery for the same, and
for the extension of the ship-house and improve-
ments and repairs of all kinds, $152,281. The
amendment proposes to strike out the word "fifty,"
and insert in lieu thereof the word " sixty," so
as to make the appropriation $162,281. This
amendment is necessary in consequence of the
expense of introducing gas into the navy-yard
at Pensacola.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Page eight, line four, after the word " wharf," strike out
to, and including the word " dock basin," in ime five.
The clause, as amended, reads: *
For continuation of permanent wharf, engine and blast
pipes for smiths' and machine shop, and repairs of all
kinds, $143,500.
Mr. PHELPS. I recommend a concurrence
in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Page eight, strike out lines eight, nine, and ten, and in-
sert as follows:
Navy yard, San Francisco: for continuing the black-
smith's shop, carpenter's ship, store house, wharf,officers'
quarters, and other works, $200,000.
Mr. PHELPS. I recommend a non-concur-
rence.
Mr. McDOUGALL. On what grounds do the
Committee of Ways and Means report against
that amendment?
Mr. PHELPS. If the gentleman from Cali-
fornia had paid attention to the proceedings he
would have found that the amendments of the
Senate to this bill have not been referred to the i
Committee of Way<3 and Means. ;
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then I ask on what j
authority the recommendation is given?
Mr. PHELPS. 1 recommend on my individ-
ual responsibility. I never have stated that the
committee made these recommendations.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understood you to say
that they were the recommendations of the com-
mittee.
Mr. PHELPS. Never; never.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Committee of Ways
and Means, when the bill was before the House,
recommended an appropriation of $200,000 for
improvements at San Francisco navy-yard; and
I presume they would recommend the amendment
reported from the Senate. 1 ask the gentleman
from Missouri whether he can say the Committee
of Ways and Means concur in that amendment?
Mr. PHELPS. I do not say that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means either concur or non-
concur.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Have they acted upon it ?
Mr. PHELPS. I have stated that they have
not acted on any of these amendments. If the
gentleman had only paid a little attention, he
would have found that I stated that fact some four
times.
[Cries of " Question!" " Question !"]
The CHAIRMAN. The question in on the
adoption of the amendment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I merely wish to be un-
derstood by the committee. This appropriation
has been recommended by the Department. It
was recommended by the Committee of Ways
and Means of this House. It was recommended
by the Committee of Finance in the Senate. The
amendment containing it passed the Senate, and it
has now come back here. It is rendered necessary
for the purpose of carrying on improvements al-
ready commenced in California. The work has
to be built some time, and if the appropriation be
not made now, it will only cause the loss of a
year. But 1 do not know why the appropriation
should not be made at this session.
Mr. SKELTON. This is the very same prop-
osition which was before the House, and was
voted down when the bill was under consideration.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It was voted down be-
cause nobody said a word about it.
Mr. PHELPS. I think myself that it is ad-
visable the appropriation should be made, and
that the amendment should be adopted after
striking out the words "officers' quarters and
other works."
Mr. McDOUGALL. I consent to that mod-
ification .
Mr. PHELPS. I recommend that to be done.
The amendment will then be restored to the way
in which the Committee of Ways and Means
originally recommended it.
Mr. McMULLIN, (at two o'clock and twenty
minutes a. m.) I move that the committee do now
rise.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for tellers
upon that motion. j
Tellers were ordered. j
[The committee here informally rose; and the ]
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message was j
received from the Senate, by Asbury Dickins, j
Esq., their Secretary, informing the House that j
the Senate had agreed to the report of the com- j
mittee of conference upon the disagreeing votes j
of the two Houses, upon the bill of the House ;
(No. 48) making appropriations for the civil and I
diplomatic expenses, of the Government for the }
year ending June 30, 1855.]
The committee then resumed its session.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise merely to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Virginia, and it is
this: It is very evident that a large proportion of ;
the members present are opposed to an adjourn- j
ment, end would not adjourn if the committee j
should rise. Now, if, upon the motion to rise, j
the committee should find itself without a quorum, i
we should be compelled to call the roll, and then j
go into the House. In the House, the result
will be a call of the House, which will occupy
us until near morning, so that the gentleman will
not effect the object he has in view, an adjoiuj^j
ment; and we shall lose a great deal of precWre
time if his motion is insisted upon. The Navy !
and other appropriation bills are still to be dis- j
posed of.
Mr. McMULLIN. I cannot withdraw my i
motion with justice to myself and to my constit- j
uents. [Laughter.]
Mr. STRATTQN. 1 call for a division upon I
the motion.
The CHAIRMAN. Tellers have been or- <
dered. i
Messrs. Benson and McNair were then ap- :
pointed tellers.
The question was taken; and the tellers report- :
ed—ayes 9, noes 121.
So the committee refused to rise.
[The committee here informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message was
received from the Senate, by Asbury Dickins,
Esq., their Secretary, informing the House that
they had disagreed to the report of the committee
of conference upon the bill of the House making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department, for the year ending June 30, 1855,
and had directed him to ask that another com-
mittee be appointed.]
The committee then resumed its Bession.
The question recurred upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Phelps to strike out the words
" officers' quarters and other works."
The amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the Senate amendment, as amended.
: Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move to
i amend by reducing the appropriation to #100,000.
This amendment of the Senate is to strike out
entire the appropriation for Memphis, Tennessee,
and to insert in lieu of it, an appropriation for the
construction of certain works at San Francisco,
California. There is another amendment pro-
posed by the Senate, at the close of the bill, abol-
ishing the Government works at Memphis en-
tirely, and ceding the improvements made by,the
Government there to the city of Memphis.
Mr. Chairman, for the last nine years, ever
since I have had the honor to occupy a seat in
this House, I have advocated the completion of
the works at Memphis as being necessary to bring
the great resources of the valley of the Mississippi
into use for the benefit of the United States. But,
sir, the appropriations for the benefit of those
works have been very small. From a navy-yard,
the establishment has dwindled down to a rope-
walk, for the manufacture of American hemp, and
even there the spindles are not now turning for
the purpose of spinning rope. But, sir, if this state
of things is to continue, if hemp is not to be pur-
chased for manufacture, if the money expended
there is to be thrown away, and the establishment
suffered to rot down, perhaps it may be well to
make the change.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I regard the amendment
of the Senate as of the utmost importance, and
again express my hope that it may be passed.
Mr. STANTON. No man is more deeply in-
terested in the necessity for a navy-yard at San
Francisco, and no man would have more liberally
voted than myself.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am aware of the kind
disposition of my friend from Tennessee. I sub-
mit whether the appropriation for the navy-yard
at San Francisco is not of infinitely more import-
ance. The gentleman himself says that the navy-
yard at Memphis has been turned into a rope-walk;
and whatever may have been the cause of that
change, it is evident that that isnot,atthepresent
time, an important point for a navy-yard. One is
now imperatively demanded for the Pacific coast.
Appropriations have already been made for that
purpose, and the construction of the yard is
already in progress. The enterprise should not
be embarrassed by a denial of these important ap-
propriations. I hope that the recommendations
of the Navy Department, theCommittee of Ways
and Means, and of the Finance Committee, may
be adopted by this committee.
Mr. STANTON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. 1 move pro forma to
increase the appropriation one dollar.
Mr. Chairman, I am in favor of this amendment
of the Senate. I will call the attention of the com-
mittee, and of my friend from Tennessee, to a
little table, which I intended to presentat an earlier
period of the session. I believe that we require a
navy-yard at San Francisco; but I do not believe
that we require one at Memphis. I believe that
we have too much of the materiel on shore, and
too little of it afloat. To show how we have been
distributing money among these navy-yards, f
shall take the instance of Memphis. I take it
because it is in my own section of the Union.
i The following is the result: We have expended
I there §1,017,616 34. We have at Memphis offi-
| cers whose annual salaries amount to the sum of
! §19,360. Now, what have we to show for this
million of dollars and more expended there, be-
sides the annual expenditure of nearly $20,000 for
pay of officers? Nothing on earth, as my friend
from Tennessee will bear witness, except that they
spin a little rope there from hemp furnished from
Kentucky and Tennessee. This shows that there
are no results at the navy-yard at Memphis at all
answerable to the expenses annually being in-
curred there. I will vote in favor of the amend-
ment leaving out Memphis, and making the appro-
priation recommended by the Committee of Ways
and Means, with a view of establishing a navy-
yard at San Francisco. That is a point where a
navy-yard would be of some use to the country.
Mr. DAYIS, of Rhode Island. It seems to me
that we ought to consider this matter well before
making this appropriation. There have been al-
ready large appropriations made for California in
almost every appropriation bill before the House;
and before we make an appropriation for a navy-
yard at San Francisco, we should examine and
consider the subject well to see if there is necessity
for the establishment of such a yard there, or you
