2126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 8,
may, as at Memphis, find that you have expended
a great deal of money with but little result flowing
from it. Whatever may be the final result, it
seems to me that we should not attempt to do
everything at once, and accomplish all that may
be necessary to be done there in one short session
of Congress. I believe that this appropriation
jiad better be postponed until some future day,
when we can act more wisely and intelligently in
reference to its necessity. Every thing that is
done in California is done at a vast expense. I
believe that there are private yards at San Fran-
cisco, where repairs of the few vessels that sail
upon that coast can be made 
Mr. LATHAM. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Rhode Island this question, whether he is
aware of the fact that there are continually at an-
chorage in the bay of San Francisco between three
and four hundred vessels; and that there have
been between fifty and one hundred vessels sunk
in the harbor there, because it was absolutely im-
possible to undergo the expense of carrying them
into navy-yards where they could be fully and
completely repaired?
Mr. DAVIS. My object was to call the at-
tention of the House to the great amount of ap-
propriations which we are asked to make upon
that coast for California, and 1 do it for the pur-
pose of showing the House the necessity of a full
and thorough investigation of this subject, which
they cannot give to it at this late period of the
session.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, by unanimous con-
sent, then withdrew his amendment.
The question was then taken upon the Senate
amendment, as amended; and it was agreed to.
Ninth amendment:
Page eight, line fourteen, after the word "dollars," insert
as follows:
And that the sum of $100,000 be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated for the establishment of a naval depot on the
right bank of the river Mississippi in descending, at the
site now owned and held by the United Suites for that pur-
pose, near the city of New Orleans, and for Mich buildings
arid improvements as may be judged necessary for the ac-
commodation of the United States vessels of war in that
quarter.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out $100,000 and inserting in
lieu thereof $25,000. It would seem, from the
way in which the amendment is worded, that it is
proposed to commence a navy-yard m New Or-
leans.
Mr. HUNT. A naval depot.
Mr. PHELPS. You may call it a   naval
depot," if you please; but this amendment is an old
acquaintance of mine, i had occasion to examine
it at the last session of Congress; and also to con
aider it while on a committee of conference on one
of the appropriation bills during the last session
of Congress. Then the question of an appropria-i
tion whs originated for the purpose of establishing
a naval depot on a tract of land ^belonging to the
Government, in the vicinity of New Orleans; but
as J understood it, it was really the commencement
of another navy-yard. In fact, that was the object
avowed by the Senator who then, in part, repre-
sented Louisiana.
THE RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Thecommittee rose informally; and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, a message was received
from the Senate, by Asbury Dickins, Esq., its
Secretary, notifying the House that the Senate in-
sisted upon their amendments disagreed to by the
House to the river and harbor appropriation bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH,of Illinois. I move that
the House insist upon its disagreement to the Sen-
ate's amendments; and I ask that a committee of
conference be appointed, to meet a similar com-
mittee on the part of the Senate, on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses.
It was so ordered; and Messrs. Wentworth,
of Illinois, Clincman, and Perkins of Louisiana,
were appointed managers of said conference on the '
part of the House.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bill, which thereupon received the signature of
the Speaker:
An act to incorporate the Pioneer Manufactur-
ing Company of Georgetown, District of Colum-
bia.
The committee then resumed its session,
NAVY BILL AGAIN.
Mr. PHELPS. I was remarking, Mr. Chair-
man, that one of the Senators from the State of
Louisiana, at thelastsessionofCongress, avowed
to me that it was his expectation to have a navy-
yard established at New Orleans, in the event of
an appropriation similar to this being made. Now,
it is the opinion of every one who has examined
this question, that we have already too many
navy-yards in this country.
Mr. HUNT. How many are there on the
Mississippi river?
Mr. PHELPS. I believe there is one.
Mr. HCJNT. There is not one.
Mr. PHELPS. There is one at Memphis,
Mr. HUNT. That is not near us.
Mr. PHELPS. But you have one compara-
tively near you—that at Pensacola. That one
ought to be sufficient for the Gulf coast.
Mr. HUNT. And yet on the Atlantic coast
you have navy-yards at Norfolk, Philadelphia,
New York, and Boston.
Mr. PHELPS. Ask every Secretary of the
Navy, and he will tell you that we have already
too many navy-yards; and now it is proposed
by this amendment to establish another at New
Orleans. For this reason, Mr. Chairman, I am
opposed to the amendment of the Senate. I had
expected, and it was the expectation of the body,
that the naval committee of this House was to have
acted on this question before this, and been able
to report at this session of Congress a bill to abol-
ish some of these navy-yards. But, owing to the
immense amount of business they had to transact,
it was impossible for that committee to make a re-
port on this subject.
Mr. BOCOCK, (interrupting.) If the gentle-
man from Missouri will permit me, I will say,
that I believe it was the unanimous opinion of the
committee that we had too many navy-yards;
but they were not able to agree as to which should
be abolished.
Mr. PHELPS. Then we have the opinion,
the unanimous opinion, of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, who have charge of this and mat-
ters of a like nature, that we already have too
many navy-yards in the country; and yet, if this
appropriation is made, we shall find a navy-yard
growing up at New Orleans.
Mr. SKELTON. I will remark, that the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs wer« of the unanimous
opinion that we have too many navy-yards; they
were also of opinion that one upon the Gulf, and
one upon the Atlantic cost, would be sufficient.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. I, for one, did not agree
one navy-yard upon the Atlantic coast would
fficient.
HUNT. Mr. Chairman, i was informed
this amendment only a few hours ago, and
have had no opportunity of satisfactory prepara-
tion for its immediate discussion. Kut the Sen-
ator who gave me the information [Mr. Slidell]
was kind enough to furnish me, at the same time,
with a memorandum on the subject, which relieves
mefiom the embarrassment 1 would otherwise,
in a great measure, experience. The memorandum
is written by a well informed and experienced
officer of the Navy, and presents the reasons in
support of the amendment so clearly, so briefly,
and so conclusively, that I will take the liberty of
reading it to the committee:
"Reasons for estahtishmz a naval depot of equipment and
of coal, and a rendezvous at New Oilcans.
" New Orleans is a vast commercial mart, where are to
he had all the pcrsoweJ and the material requisite to equip
a fleet.
" It is the chief point of assemblage of more (ban fifty
thousand men engaged in the commerce of the valley of
the Mississippi, and of some four to five thousand seamen
of the ocean merchant marine.
"The material referred to is the production of the country,
finding its first market at New Orleans, and can therefore
be procured at the lowest possible cost.
" U is the region of live oak, yellow pine, and cypress,
and near that of locust and red cedar, the best ship-timber
in the world.
" The fuel for steamers (coal) will not be subject to the
cost of transhipment, which is rarely less than one hun-
dred percent. The depth of the bar at the mouth of the
Mississippi is sufficient for the laigest class of war steam-
ers, if properly moddled; and the channel irom thence to
New Orleans is always clear. The steamer would come
to her coal instead of having the coai sent to lieu"
The position of New Orleans is eminently ad-
vantageous for defense; and it is most safely,
suitably, and conveniently situated to equip the
only description of force which the change in
naval^warfare has made adequate to the protection
of our commerce in its passage through the Gulf
ofMexico and Strait of Florida, viz: a steam fleet.
All the means of constructing a steam fleet are at
'hand in the valley of the ..Mississippi. Already
the operatives skilled in%li the arts applicable to
the construction of vessels and machinery build
and put afloat some two hundred steamers per
year. Some of these are of as much tonnage as
the Pennsylvania three-decker; and the writer
concludes with this recommendation:
c{ The depth of water on the bar of the Mississippi should
he the limit of the draught of water of every steamer m the
Navy of the United States; because that is about the
standard depth of the entrances to most of our harbors
south of the Chesapeake, from which the greater part of our
naval force is debarred, and consequently rendered useless
for their protection."
Mr. Chairman, I have been informed that the
depot at Memphis has just been abolished. There
is then no naval depot on the Mississippi.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, (interrupting.)
I dislike to interrupt the gentleman, but  
Mr. HUNT. Then why do you do it ?
Mr. STANTON. I will explain why 1 do it.
The gentleman from Louisiana says the navy-
yard at Memphis has been abolished. I have not
seen.that that navy-yard has been abolished.
Mr. HUNT. I understood that to be the effect
of a previous amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. The amendment which has
been concurred in by the committee was to strike
out the appropriation for Memphis. There is a
proposition at the close of the bill for abolishing it.
Mr. HUNT. If we have stricken out the pro-
vision for its support, I apprehend we have sub-
stantially abolished the navy-yard. But, sir, the
House is in possession of the reasons, and, in
my opinion, they are ample, for supporting the
amendment. Prom the commercial and natural
relation of the Mississippi and the Gulf of Mexico
and the Caribbean Sea, it is clear there should be
a depcy. on the Mississippi. Our commerce on
the Gulf, and on that sea, now large, is, from our
connection with the Pacific, increasing very rap-
idly. That commerce demands the protection of
a considerable naval force; and that force, to
be maintained as effective, should have near its
field of operation a naval depot. New Orleans
is manifestly the best site for the desired depot.
From its situation, with due care for its protec-
tion, it is safe from any foreign attack; while, at
at the same time, it is within the easiest reach
of war steamers for the supply and remedy of all
their wants. This subject of a depot was brought
| to the notice of the Navy Department three or
four years ago, in an able memorial of the general
council of New Orleans. It urged the various
grounds relied upon in the memorandum I have
read. It sets forth that, by means of the Missis-
sippi and its tributaries, New Orleans can receive
supplies of every description at the cheapest
rates. Provisions of all the kinds necessary for the
subsistence of the Navy—munitions of war, and
ordnance in all its varieties—hemp, as the r.w
material and cordage, as its manufactured article—
iron of the best quality, in its crude and manufac-
tured condition—coal, timber, and machinery
from Pittsburg and Cincinnati—all can be floated
down to the wharf of the Government by the
cheapest mode of transportation, and in its depot
safely secured for future use and distribution.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. For the pur-
pose of allowing my colleague to proceed with his
remarks, I move to increase the appropiiation
§100,000.
Mr. HUNT. I am obliged to my colleague,
but I have nothing further to say, the object
having been stated, and the reasons found suffi-
cient, I hope the House will support this amend-
ment. It is necessary for the protection of the
commerce of the gulf; it is necessary for the
equipment of the vessels that may be required for
the protection of eommerce. It would be the
place for a navy-yard; but the question now be-
fore us is for the establishment of a depot tor
equipment, coal, &c.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to
oppose the amendment. The gentleman from
Louisiana does not seem to understand precisely
the position in which the navy-yard at Mem-
phis now stands. It is not abolished. It is not
