1268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
The question was put; and the amendment was
agreed to.
The second amendment waa then read, as fol-
lows:
Pa^e three, after line fifty seven, insert the following :
For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse, $15,000.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, that amend-
ment was recommended by the Committee on
Foreign Affairs ii\ this House, but was not acted
upon. The amendment is in accordance with
the estimates of the Department.
The question was taken; and'the amendment
was agreed to.
The third amendment was then reported, as
follows:
Page four, after line sixty-four, insert the following:
To pay expenses incurred by Edward Cunningham, act-
ing corn-id at Shanghai, for a police force forThu preserva-
tion of the peace by American citizens, §572 80.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, we propose
to increase the amendment to the necessary amount
expended. These expenses were rendered neces-
sary under the treaty made between this country
and China. The consuls at the ports of China
adjust matters of provisional objects. IVlany of
our seamen are there, and the preservation of the
peace by them devolves upon us. Those in the
ports of China are required to be brought before
the consul. Mr. Cunningham was the acting
consul at the time these expenses were incurred.
The amount which is proposed to be paid is rec-
ommended by our then Minister to China, as
being for expenses necessarily incurred by the
acting consul. It is also recommended by the
Department of State. And the committee recom-
mend a concurrence in this amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The fourth amendment waa then reported, as
follows:
For payment of the claim of Thomas N. Johnson for
his services a<? mar>hal at the port ot Shanghai, fiom Hie
9th of December, 1851, to the 15th of September, 1853, the
sum of $1,798 91.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, in this amend-
ment there is a clerical error. The name of the
person to whom this amount is due is Thomas M.,
not Thomas N. 1 hope that amendment will be
made.
I also proposeanotheramendmentto the amend-
ment. It is one reducing the amount. Strikeout
11 ninety-eight dollars" and insert "eighty-one
dollars," and strike out " ninety-one cents" and
insert" seventy four cents," so as to make the sum
"$1,781 74. Mr. Johnson acted as the marshal in
these ports, and this appropriation only affords
him a fair salary for the services performed. It
is recommended by the late Minister to China,
and aNo by the Department of State. The com-
mittee is satisfied that the amount is justly due to
Mr. Johnson.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment; which was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
as amended, and it was put; and the amendment
agreed to.
The fifth Senate amendment was then read, as
follows:
Page four, after line sixty-four, insert the following:
Foi payment to John Bozmnn Kerr, in addition to hi<?
salary and allowances as charge d'affaires to Nicaragua, the
amount of ins expenses on the journey to San Salvador and
Guatemala, and ot hi* expenses at those, capitals mtder hin
commi.-Mons to the Government* of those Republics, to
gether with a full outfit a* charge d'affaires to the national
representation of Central America.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in this Sen-
ate amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should like
to know the reasons which induced the committee
to come to that conclusion.
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Phelps] state the amount which will be ap-
propriated by this amendment? It is not stated-
Mr. PHELPS. There is a portion of the
amount proposed by this amendment which may
be paid to Mr. Kerr; and that is his traveling ex-
penses on the journey to San Salvador and Gua-
temala.
Mr. ORR. What is about the amount?
Mr. PHELPS. It ia proposed by this amend-
ment to allow him a full outfit as charge d'affaires
to the national representation of Central America,
in addition to his usual salary, which was $4,500;
in addition, I say, to his usual salary as charge
d'affaires to Nicaragua. He was appointed charge
d'affaires to Nicaragua, and he also bore with him
letters of credence to the national representation
of Central America, if such a Government should
be established.
I hold in my hand a copy of the instructions
given to Mr. Kerr by the State Department, and
also a copy of instructions given to him after his
departure from this country. The first extract,
which i will read, bears date the 21st of April,
1851. It is as follows:
" Your salary will be at the rate of §4,500 a year. You
will also be allowed an outfit equal to a year's salary, and
an amount equal toaquarter's salary towards defraying the
expenses of your return, when you take leave of the Nicar-
agua Government at the conclusion of your mission,
I here remark, that that is the salary fixed by
law, making an outfit of $4,500, the only salary of
a charge d'affaires of all our officers of that grade;
and a quarter's salary is also allowed them for the
purposes stated in the instructions which I have
read. That Mr. Kerr has had.
Again, the Secretary of State instructs Mr.
Kerr to exchange ratifications and treaties be-
tween the United States and the Republic of San
Salvador and Guatemala.
As to the expenses to be incurred in the per-
formance of that duty, and other duties, the in-
structions say:
'c As the discharge of this and of other duties confided to
you may render it necessary for you to vi«*it other Central
American States beside* Nicaragua, you will be allowed
your necessary traveling expenses on your way thither, and
while on your return to Leon. These, however, will not
include the expenses consequent upon your sojourn in the
capital? of either of the States. You will keep a regular
account of those expenses, which must be supported by
vouchors, in every instance where they can be obtained,
to be transmitted with your account for adjustment at the
Treasury."
Those expenses can be paid without further
legislation. Such necessary expenses can be paid
out of the appropriations for the contingent ex-
penses of foreign missions.
I will read another extract from the instructions
given to Mr. Kerr. It is as follows:
u fn case you should deem it advisable to recognize the
national tepre*e't>l.ihon of Central America, created by the
tieaiy between Nicaragua, San Salvador, and Honduras,
ot the 8th of November. 18-19, a letter accrediting you to
its Minister for Foreign Affairs is herewith transmitted."
Mr. Kerr was never appointed a Minister to
the national representation of Central America,
and for that reason the Committee of Ways and
Means were of opinion that he is not entitled to
any additional salary, or any additional outfit.
The committee recommend a non-concurrence
in the amendment of the Senate*
Mr. ASHE. I will ask my honorable friend
from Missouri if Mr. Kerr did not discharge the
dutiesof both missions, not merely the one at Nic-
aragua, hut at Central America, to which court
he bore a letter of credence? it has been usual to
allow, under similar circumstances, to double out-
fits, and I cannot see any good reason why it
should not be allowed in thiscase. It was allowed
very lately to Major Donelson, when he was
required to go from Berlin, the court to which he
was originally accredited, to the Germanic Con-
federation. If allowed to a Democratic represent-
ative, where is the justice in refusing to a Whig?
We should feed all out of the same spoon.
Mr. PHELPS. I will tell the gentleman the
difference. Major Donelson, holding the office
of Minister at Berlin, was duly appointed Minis-
ter to the Germanic Confederation, vacated the
first appointment,and, undcrhis new appointment,
was entitled to an outfit under his last appoint-
ment, and received it.
Mr, TAYLOR, of Ohio. I would like, by the
consent of the committee, to have the report of Mr.
Everftt, in the Senate, read. It is very short,
and i think it makes the matter very plain. I
think we should concur in the amendment of the
Senate. The report states the facts fully. I send
it to the Clerk's desk, and ask that it be read.
The report was read.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Missouri why the amount to be
appropriated is not specified in the amendment?
Mr. PHELPS. As to that matter, I cannot say.
This is an amendment adopted by the Senate. It
is proposed to allow him, in addition to his salary
as charge d'affaires at Nicarauga, full outfit as
charge d'affaires to the national representation of
Central America. That would be $4,500. So far
as his traveling expenses in going to San Salvador
and Guatemala are concerned, he will have to.
show his vouchers for them. These expenses can
be paid now without legislation.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will say one
word in reference to this matter.
Mr. ORR. 1 would suggest that the gentleman
move an amendment. We are now under the five-
minute rule, but it has, so far, been very little
observed.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move to strike out any
word of the amendment, so that I may be allowed
to say a few words.
I have carefully looked at the Senate amend-
ment, and find that it is in strict conformity with
the- previous practice of the Government. Mr.
Kerr was put to great expense in fulfilling the
desires of the Government, and the amendment,
in my judgment, ought to be concurred in. The
Senate has strictly conformed with the practice of
the Government.
Mr. PHELPS. I oppose the amendment of
the gentleman from Georgia, merely for the pur-
pose of saying that he and myself understand the
precedents differently. I will read an extractfrom
the report of Mr. Everett. He says:
" Several similar cases are found in our diplomatic his-
tory, of which lhat of Mr. Donelson is the most recent and
clearly analogous. This gentleman being Minister Pleni-
potentiary at Berlin, was commissioned in the same char-
acter to the central Germanic Government at Frankfort,
and under that commission allowed a full outfit."
Mr. Donelson, while holding the position of
Minister Plenipotentiary at Berlin, was nomina-
ted by the President and confirmed by the Senate
as Minister to the Germanic Confederation at
Frankfort. When appointed to the latter posi-
tion, his diplomatic functions at Berlin ceased,
and he was allowed his salary and his outfit. Mr.
Kerr, however, was only appointed charge
d'affaires at Nicaragua; he never held a commis-
sion as charge d'affaires to the national represent-
ation of Central America.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman is mistaken.
He held a commission exactly in the same words
to the national representation at Central America
that he did to Nicaragua. The language is iden-
tical with the exception of the change of name.
Mr. PHELPS. If the gentleman refers to the
report, he will find that he is mistaken. There is
merely an authority for him to exchange ratifica-
tions of treaty with the Republic of San Salvador,
another for him to exchange ratifications of treaty
with the Republic of Guatemala, and a letter of
credence to the national representation at Central
America; but his commission was as charge d'af-
faires to Nicaragua.
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
Mr. STEPHENS. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. TAYLOR. I merely desire to suggest to
the gentleman from Missouri, that I have before
me the letter of Mr. Webster, then Secretary of
State, appointing Mr. Kerr.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Ohio move an amendment?
Mr. TAYLOR. I will, if it is necessary. I
move to strike out the words 4< addition to his
salary," for the purpose of enabling me to say a
few words.
I have before me the report of Mr. Everett
upon this subject, which has just been read to the
committee, and which, it seems to me, ought to
be conclusive upon the subject.
A distinction is drawn by the gentleman from
Missouri between the case of Mr. Donelson and
that of Mr. Kerr. Now, I do not think the facts
will sustain that position. Mr. Donelson was
Minister Plenipotentiary at Berlin, and received
an outfit of $9,000. He was then appointed Min-
ister to the Germanic Confederation,and received
an additional outfit of $9,000.
Mr. PHELPS. I would ask the gentleman if
Berlin is not within the Germanic Confederation?
Mr. TAYLOR. That makes the case still
stronger. He had §18,000 within the Germanic
Confederation; and why should not Mr. Kerr have
the outfit of a charge when he was appointed to
a second mission? Here is Mr. Webster's letter:
Department of State, >
Washington, November 20, 1851. >
Sir: The President of the United States having thought
proper to name John Bozman Kerr their charge d'affaires
