1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2127
removed. It is not substantially abolished, but it
is in a very lingering condition. It remains only
for the amendment added at the end of this bill,
to give it the finishing stroke. By that amend-
ment it is proposed to cede the establishment back
again to the city of M«nphis.
Now, sir, if this House is disposed to'cut off all
its appropriations, if it is disposed to give up alt
the machinery and facilities there for manufactur-
ing American hemp, it would perhaps be as good
a thing as could be done, to cede the establishment
back to the city of Memphis.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I want to ask my
friend from Tennessee whether, of his knowledge,
any ship has ever been built at the Memphis
navy-yard ?
Mr. STANTON. No ship has ever been built
thej-e because no Secretary of the Navy has ever
ordered one to* be built there. A ship, however,
has been fitted'out there. The Alleghany, which
was built two thousand miles above, in Pittsburg,
•was brought down to Memphis and fitted out
there.
I will say one word more. There'is a gentle-
man now here, and who but a little while ago
called me from my seat to the door, who proposes
to build one of the six new steamers, at Memphis;
and I tell my friend from Kentucky, that if the
opportunity is only afforded us we will build forty
ships at Memphis as well as they can be built
anywhere else on the globe. We have the men
and the material. We nave everything necedfary,
and if my friend will only give us some of the*
hemp grown in his district, we will spin rope bet-
ter and stronger than that made from the best
Russian hemp to rig them.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Haa the navy-yard
at Memphis all the materials and elements pre-
pared to build one of the six steamers required by
the Government ?
Mr. STANTON. I do not say that we have
all the machinery and establishments there for
building vessels, because the appropriations have
been stopped, and these fixtures have not been
completed. We have had a portion of the ap-
propriations necessary.
Mr. HUNT. The gentleman from Tennessee
has made very brave promises, and has poured
forth a feeling lamentation over his departed
child.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. PERKINS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. HUNT. I move to increase the appropri-
ation $10,000. Mr. Chairman, the honorable gen-
tleman from Tennessee is a sensible man, and
usually urges strong reasons for his propositions.
He has urged no strong reason for his proposi-
tion in the presentinstance. He has notcombated
the reasons which I have presented to thecommit-
tee. The situation of the two places is so differ-
ent, and they stand in such different relations to
commerce and our navy, that it was not possible
for him to find such reasons for his proposition
as have been urged in support of a naval depot
near New Orleans.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I wish to say
a word simply in reply to the proposition sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Louisiana. He said,
when up before, that the supplies for the navy-
yard at Pensacola came originally from New Or-
leans. Well, in reply, I have to say that they came
originally from Memphis. In other words, they
have to pass Memphis before they go to New Or-
leans, or Pensacola. We are in the midst of all
the supplies necessary for the use of a navy, and
for the building of a navy. We are nearer the
source of those supplies than New Orleans. But
I do not desire to make any competition with New
Orleans. I have voted on former occasions for a
depot there. I am by no means hostile to such an
establishment. If the establishment at Memphis
is to be abolished, I shall still maintain the interest
of the Mississippi valley; because I conceive every
portion of it to be interested from the sources of
the river, and those of its tributaries to its mouth
in a naval depot at New Orleans.
Mr. HUNT, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I move an in-
crease of the appropriation $25,000, for the pur-
pose of saying a few words. And first, I desire
to call the attention of members to the fact that
the gentleman who, this evening, represents the
Committee of Ways and Means, speaks on this
subject his uwn opinions merely, and not those of
the committee. That committee have not, had this
amendment under consideration, and of course
have expressed themselves in no way upon the
subject. It is not unnatural that the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] should advocatea
naval depot higher up the river than New Orleans.
The establishment at Memphis is attributable to
his exertions. He represents that district, and
he is now laudably striving, with something of
the partiality of a parent, for the continued exist-
ence of what he and we have just been given to
understand is about to be abolished.
As to the remarks of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Bocock,] I have to
say that thegentleman from Missouri has no right
to use them against the New Orleans naval depot.
When asked if we had not already too many
naval depots, he simply stated that it was the
impression of his committee that we had too many.
But, sir, although the question was addressed to
him with direct reference to the proposed depot
at New Orleans, I did not understand that heex-
pressed himself in opposition to its establishment.
So far from it, 1 infer just the contrary from his
remarks, for, although the invitation to do so was
direct, he did not say that the public interest did
not require one at that place.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps]
must consent to be atone in his opposition to this
amendment. He does not speak for his committee,
and the chairman of the Naval Committee has not
confirmed his views. Now, sir, how does the mat-
ter stand? It seems that the United States have
eight naval depots—one at Kittery, Maine, one at
Boston, one at New York, one at Philadelphia,
one at Washington, and one at Norfolk—.six
on the eastern Atlantic coast. It is very reason-
able to infer, from the locality of these, and their
very great contiguity, that we have too many
on the north Atlantic coast; but it by no means fol-
lows that we have too many on the southern
coast. At the South we have but two—one at
Pensacola, and the other, in the interior, at Mem-
phis, Tennessee, and that on the point, we are
told, of being abolished.
Now, what are tije peculiar wants of New
Orleans in this respect? We have been told,and
very happily, by my colleague, [Mr. Hunt,] that
the time has passed when vessels of war were
entirely dependent on the wind and waves. The
vessels now requiring the protection of our naval
depots are driven by steam. Their wants are of
the kind that enter into the construction of steam
vessels upon our western waters; and for the re-
pairs of such, we have everything in New Orleans
equal to any other city of the Union. Coal is
floated down the Mississippi river in great quan-
tities, and can be had as cheap, orcheaper, there,
than in any other city of the Union, except Phil-
adelphia. Iron, in the same way, is brought to
our door, and worked up by our founderies into
the best of machinery. Hemp from all the West
fills ourmarket. Lumber—the best in the world—
lines our coast, and is, at this very time, furnish-
ing the material for the Navy of France. These,
sir, are considerations that should not be disre-
garded in the establishment of a naval depot.
But, in addition to the coal, iron, hemp, and
lumber, that we can provide so cheap, and of
such quality, it should not be forgotten that the
city of New Orleans is crowded for eight months
of the year with the best mechanics of the North,
and with sailors from ail parts of the world. Thus
to the materiel New Orleans can also add the per-
sonnel of your Navy. A side, however, from all
this, when you look to the immense commerce of
the West that passes out of the Mississippi river
into the Gulf; to those gieat movements of trade
that are now directing- the wealth of the world
through theGuif of Mexico, and across the con-
tinent from the Atlantic to the Pacific, it is aston-
ishing that gentlemen should hesitate about the
establishment of a little naval depot to repair the
vessels of war that may be called to its protection.
What, sir, is the pitiful sum of $100 000, to en-
able you to repair Government, vessels that are
sent there every month m the year, compared with
what misrhf be the loss upon that mast from the
want of repair to a single vessel? When Captain
Hollins lately announced to the Secretary of the
Navy the destruction of Greytown, ^here did he
goto repair his vessel? To Boston,'nearly two
thousand miles off. When gentlemen reflect up6n
this fact, and remember the large amount of com-
merce at this time exposed in theGuif of Mexico,
I do trust that they will give to this appropriation
a cordial support. I.assure them this amendment
of the Senate has not been proposed merelyfor
home effect. It was urged by our former as well
as our present Senators, and it is designed to be
used for a great and practical good—the security
and protection of the vast and valuable commerce
of all sections of the country.
In conclusion, I would add that no portion of it
is to be applied to the purchase of ground. When,
several years since, an appropriation was made
for building a custom-house in New Orleans, that
city presented the Government the ground upon
which to erect it. If it was necessary, New Or-
leans wouJd be as liberal again; but the Govern-
ment already owns the ground for a naval depot,
and this appropriation is simply asked to improve
it to such a degree as to make it useful. I repeat,
then, the establishment of a naval depot at New
Orleans is called for by the interests of the com-
merce of all portions of our country, and by the
exposed and destitute position of our whole south-
ern coast. It is commended at this time by your
abolition of the oneat Memphis, and theeconomy
that dictates a wise enjoyment of what the Gov-
ernment already possesses. Its locality and its
commerce, the abundant supply furnished in its
market of everything that is required for the repair
of vessels, and the recruiting the personnel of your
Navy, give New Orleans claims upon your con-
sideration that should not be disregarded.
Mr. PHELPS. I oppose the amendment offered
by the genileman from Louisiana. And I have
this to say in reference to it: I have stated here-
tofore tibat the Committee of Ways and Means
are opposed to an increase in the number of navy-
yards. It has been the unanimous opinion of that
committee that we have already to many such es-
tablishments. So far as the city of New Orleans
is adapted for the location of a navy-yard, I only
ask thecommittee what Government would send a
vessel there when yellow fever is prevailing in it?
Tell me if you would send a vessel of your Navy
theie to be discharged ? Why was Commander
Hollins ordered the other day to bring his ship to
Boston? He was ordered to a northern port that
the mariners on board his vessel might recruit their
energies after the exposure and heat which they
had to endure in the Gulf of Mexico. But I will
not discuss the subject any further, and hope a
vote will now be taken on it.
Mr. HUNT. I a^k leave to add one word
only. The gentleman talks about the danger of
visiting New Orleans during the continuance of
an epidemic there. Sir, I tell you that the •person-
nel of one of our ships can be at any time supplied
there. How many seamen from the North, and
how many engaged in foreign commerce, can
always be procured there? And I should like to
know from that gentleman if he would have no
naval depot atall on the southern coast? Where,
on the southern coast, is there a place free from
epidemic? But if you fix the naval depot at New
Orleans, where the personnel can be had, you will
never want men to man your ships.
The question was taken on the Senate amend-
ment; and it was non-concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
Page ten, after line four, insert as follows:
That the law approved March 3, 1843, directing adver-
tisement* for materials for the Navy be, and is hereby, so
far modified as to require the classes only of materials to
bo stated m the advertisements, and bidders to be referred
to ihe several Navy agents and chiefs of bureaus., who will
furnish them with printed scheduler, giving a full descrip-
tion of each and every article, with dates of delivery, &c.
Mr. PHELPS. That amendment is in com-
pliance with the recommendation of the Secretary
of the Navy. I move that it be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Pa?e ten, at the end of line fourteen, insert as follows:
That the non commissioned officers, musicians, and pri-
vates of the United States marine corps be entitled to, and
j' receive the same pay and bounty for reenlistmg as now is,
! oi hereafter may be, allowed to uon commissioned officers,
j musicians, and privates of the infantry of the Army.
j Mr. PHELPS. Thisamendment is necessary,
i ft merely proposes to place the marines on the
| same footing with the infantry. It will be recol-
I lected that we passed a bill the other day providing
