1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ate sections of land on the line of a railroad, for
a distance of six miles on each side, shall be
granted to the State which is to make the road,
and that the even sections shall be reserved for the
benefit of the United States, and the minimum
price of them doubled; but this is to take effect
only after the road is definitely located. There is
a further provision, however, that if, within the
distance of six miles on each side of the road, the
lands have been previously taken up by preemp-
tioners,or by any other persons under the author-
ity of the United States, the State shall be entitled
to £0 nine miles further back, on each side, for
the purpose of making up the deficiency. That
is intended to secure her, so that she shall receive
the full benefit of the grant which is made. Now,
what is the correlative advantage secured to the
United States as the landholder? for it is upon the
principle that it will be an advantage to the Gov-
ernment, as a landholder, that these appropriations
are claimed. "Why, the United States are to have
their remuneration in the increased price of what
remains of the even sections within six miles on
each side of the road. Take the case of the bill
which was passed the other day for the State of
Louisiana, and the effect is striking. In that State
nearly all the public lands have been offered for
sale, and in the interim between the time at which
you pass the bill making the grant, and the period
of time when the location of the route is definitely
fixed, speculators have the right to enter upon
these lands at the rate of $1 25 an acre, and take
them up; and, as the route is known, the managers
of the affair will take up all those lands which you
nominally reserve to the Government at $2 50 an
acre. The result, therefore, is, that the State gets
the benefit of the grant, and the land holder actually
makes only a nominal reservation, and will never
receive any benefit, because all the reserved lands
will be gone before the route is definitely located.
That will and must be the practical effect. The
provision, as its exists in the bills which have
passed, neither benefits the settler nor the Gov-
ernment; but it enables the speculator in public
lands to acquire fortune without labor. It stimu-
lates and increases the spirit of speculation in the
public lands, already a serious evil, and requiring
restraint instead of encouragement.
What, then, was my offer, as contained in my
proposed amendment? We have been told by
Senators on this floor, in answer to objections
such as I have mentioned, that experience has in-
dicated that the Government sales have been in-
creased by this course, and that the United States
have received a greater amount from the reserved
sections, in some cases, than they would have re-
ceived from the whole, if the alternate sections
had not been granted to the States for the purpose
of aiding in the construction of railroads. J do
not deny the truth of these allegations. No spe-
cific statements have been made; but it has been
generally and broadly asserted that the interests
of the Government, as a landholder, have been
benefited, because the value of the reserved lands
has been greatly increased, and the sales by the
Government have been exhanced in consequence
of the construction of these roads. Admitting all
this to be so, what was the amendment which 1
intended to submit? Now I beg to call the atten-
tion of Senators to it, and to ask them to look at
it calmly, and without prejudice.
Admit the equity which arises from the fact
that State capital, and the enterprise and capital
of the citizens of a State, improve the value of
the lands through which such an improvement
may be made; and suppose that enhanced value
of the lands extends to fifteen miles on each side
of the road; my amendment proposed that the en-
tire benefit of the improvement should go to the
State. It proposes that there shall be a reserva-
tion from sale of the public lands along the route
on which a road is located by a State, and that the
State shall have the right to sell all the lands, both
odd and even sections, for fifteen miles on each
side of that road, for what price she pleases; and
then all we ask of her is, that semi-annually she
shall account for the land which she sells, and pay
into the Treasury the minimum price of our pub-
lic lands. The State may sell the lands for $2 50,
$5, $10, or $90 an acre; but all we ask is, that she
will pay us $1 25.
Now, 1 ask, if the principle on which these ap-
propriations are claimed is correct, whether it can
be denied that the basis which I propose is a true
and liberal basis for a landholder to act upon ? He
says, " Here are my lancte, in a wild state; I hold
them at $1 25 an aoe, as their minimum price; I
do not want to get the advantage of your enter-
prise or capital in increasing their price without a
contribution on my part; and, therefore, you shall
have the whole benefit for ten years of the sales
of the lands within fifteen miles of the road; and
you may sell them for the highest price you can
obtain; and when you sell them, you need only
pay the minimum price of the lands in their un-
improved state, and I will issue patents to the per-
sons to whom you chose to sell them." Is not
that a fair and liberal proposition? Is not that the
utmost extent to which, on any principle of equity,
the land States have a right to ask the General
Government to go? This allows a State which
makes a road to receive the entire increase of
value resulting to all the lands on both sides of the
road from its construction; and the Government,
under any circumstances, gets nothing more than
the minimum price of her land. If the lands should
happen to be worthless, the State could sell the
valuable portion, but need not take the worthless
part. The State is under no obligation to pay
until she sells; and the title does not vest until she
pays.
That is the principle of my amendment; that is
what it provides for. 1 should like to hear some
gentleman show me how, on the ground of any
distinction as to the duty of the General Govern-
ment as a landholder, not to take advantage of
State capital arid State enterprise without remu-
neration, the new States can object to the principle
of my amendment, which provides that they shall
receive the entire benefit of their own internal im-
provements. If it be true that those improvements
have the effect which has been stated here—and I
do not doubt it—the grant to the State which I
propose is far more valuable than the grant which
the bills, as passed by the Senate, contemplate.
Let me illustrate the difference by a reference to
the bill which the Senate passed the other day,
granting lands to the State of Louisiana for a rail-
road.
By that bill, according to a statement which
has been prepared for me by the clerk of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, there are 231,000 acres
of the reserved lands within six miles on each
side of the road which would belong to the United
States. I take it for granted there would not be
much, if any, difference in the average result as
to the quantity in the odd and even sections re-
spectively, and hence we may presume that the
State would receive 231,000 acres. The United
States reserve that amount, whether they ever get
it or not. The State will certainly get it,because
she has a right to go back nine miles further if
she cannot get the land within six miles of the
road; and hence she can always obtain the full
amount of the appropriation. The value of the
lands appropriated by that hill, at 25 an acre,
would be $2^8,750; or doubled m value at $2 50
1 per acre, $577,500. Now take the grant which I
propose to make by my amendment. 1 propose j
to grant the entire lands to the State, to be sub- |
■ ject to her unrestricted control for a period of ten i
years. That is surely long enough; but if gen- j
tlemen wish a longer time, I shall be willing to
agree to it. Suppose you were to reserve the
whole, without reference to alternate sections,
there would necessarily be 4G2.000 acres within
six miles of the road, and according to my amend-
ment, the State would have the control of this
quantity for ten years, could sell it for whatever
she pleased, only paying to the Government the
minimum price of 25 per acre. If, however,
you run nine miles further back, so as to include
the land within fifteen miles of the road, you find
that, according to my amendment, the State would
have a right to control for ten years the sale of
1,155,000 acres. The State would have the right
to sell that whole quantity for what sum she
! chose within ten years.
! Gentlemen have stated on this floor that where
, roads have been made through the public lands,
| there is no difficulty in selling them at $2 50 an
1 acre on the average; and they have assumed that
the average increase of the value of the lands
within fifteen miles of the road will be equal to
that. Then, according to my amendment, the
State would receive $1 25 an acre for one million
one hundred and fifty-five thousand acres, and
would thus get more than twice as much as she
receives from the grant of two hundred and thirty-
one thousand acres at the increased value of $2 50
per acre. Then the value of the grant, under the
terms which I propose for settling this question,
would be at least twice, if not three times, as great
to the States as the value of thegrants which have
been made to the States by the bills which the
Senate have passed.
^ The difference between the two propositions is
simply this: Under the provision which 1 have
submitted for the consideration of gentlemen, the
Government of the United States retains her pub-
lic lands, and gives nothing; but she merely says
to all the land States, " make your own improve-
ments; we will not interfere with them; we will
make the interest of theState concurrent with that
of the Government; we will authorize you, and
you alone, to sell the lands within fifteen miles on
.each side of the road, for the next ten years; if
that road improves the value of the land, as you
say, and we believe it does, then you will be amply
remunerated for the expenditure which you make
in the construction of the road." If, on the other
hand, the principle incorporated into the bills
which have passed the Senate be adopted what
is it but an illusion from beginning to end? You
admit that you cannotgivelands,ormoney arising
from them, to the States generally. Gentlemen
say that is unconstitutional, and they draw a dis-
tinction between the power to appropriate in that
way, and the duty of the Government, as a land-
holder, holding the lands in the individual States;
and they insist upon an equity which I recognize.
In the mode in which they propose to apply it, if
an individual were the owner and grantor, it sup-
poses him to be so great a fool as to make the
grant without any benefit to himself, and that re-
moves the whole equity, and leaves in the case of
the Government a mere grant for general internal
improvements, confined to particular States. Do
gentlemen suppose that an individual landholder
would make such a grant, unless hecould,in some
way, derive benefit from it? If you grant away
two hundred and thirty-one thousand acres for
one road, it is a clear donation of that amount.
On the principle of increasing the price, so as to
justify this donation, you authorize the doubling
of the minimum price of reserved sections, and
you withhold them from private entry or pre-
emption, for sale. Yet, in point of fact, this is
entirely illusory; for, before the lands are reserved
for the Government, by the definite location of the
road, they are taken up by private entry, and thus
the Government actually gives away the land,
without the slightest benefit to the nation, as a
landholder, though as an internal improvement,
made, in part, by her assistance, it advances,
through the increased wealth and prosperity of
the State, the prosperity of the Union; but this
mode of advancing the prosperity of the Union,
by Government donations, is held to be unconsti-
tutional when applied to States in which no public
j lands are held.
i Then, Mr. President, admitting, as I do, the
| distinction which gentlemen draw as to the right
to appropriate the public lands in the land States
j for purposes of internal improvement,and admit-
j ting the equity of the principle, as applied to those
! States, my proposition carries out that equity to
: the full extent of the improvement, and gives the
j whole value of it to the States which make the
j improvement. It effects what any great land-
| holder might do. It gives the whole benefitof the
| improvement to those who make it, and retains
; the value of the lands as unimproved lands. The
| proposition in the bills reported from the Commit*
: tee on Public Lands, and passed by the Senate, is
' allusory, and is, in fact, nothingmore than making
an appropriation of public lands for general pur-
poses of internal improvement to the States in
which they lie, under a nominal distinction which
is abandoned in the manner in which it is carried
out by those bills. Sir, I cannot distinguish any
i such power in this Government, as between the
States in which the lands lie and States in which
they do not lie. You might as well tell me that
because, in the State of New York you actually
receive into your Treasury two thirds of your
| revenues from imposts, therefore that State has a
' right to claim disbursements from the National
Government commensurate with the receipts from
imposts,as to tell me that, because other property
oftheUnited States is situated in particular States,
therefore those States have a right to claim that
