2128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3.
for the increase of pay of the rank and file of the
Army, and it is bat right to give the same to the
marines.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
At the end of the bill add" the following section :
Sec. 2. id be it further enacted, That the provisions
contained in the act of theS2d April, 1854, adding a per-
centage to the pay of the clerks employed at the navy-yard
of Washington city, be construed so as to include the clerks
and messenger in the office of the navy agent at said yard,
and the messenger in the commandant's office,
Mr. PHELPS. This amendment only pro-
poses to give the same twenty per cent, that was
given tq.the clerks of the navy-yard, to the clerks
in the office of the navy agent and naval store-
keeper. It is but right that they should have it.
The amendmentwas concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Sac. 3.- JtnA be it further enacted, That the Misting law
limiting the number of officers of the Navv of the United
States be so far modified as to entitle the officers belonging
to the navy of Texas at the time of annexation, to the pay
of the officers of the Navy of the United States on leave of
absence up to the present time: Provided, The number of
such officers shall not exceed eight.
Mr. PHELPS. I offera pro forma amendment
to the amendment, for the purpose of enabling me
to explain it. This is a proposition to provide
that those officers who were m the Texas navy
at the time of the annexation of Texas to the
United States, shall be paid the leave of absence
pay from the time of annexation up to this present
time. It will be remembered by the members of
this House, that, for several years past attempts
have been made in both Houses of Congress to
incorporate the officers of theTexas Navy into the
Navy of the United States. It has been contended
by the friends of that measure that Texas, upon
her admission into the Union, was entitled to
claim that the officers of her navy should be incor-
porated into the Navy of the United States. Such
a proposition as this, I hope, will not receive the j
sanction of this committee. I
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I think the j
adoption of the amendment proposed by the Senate j
is the easiest and best way of disposing of this j
long contested subject. It is well known to most
of the members of this House, that these officers j
have claimed, and the Legislature of Texas have j
repeatedly claimed it for them, that they have a !
right to be admitted into the Navy of the United i
States by the very termsofannexationitself. Many \
gentlemen upon the floor of both Houses of Con- j
gress believe that there is great justice in the claim J
of these officers. Certainly the Navy of Texas :
was badly treated, and though there has been a j
successful opposition to their claim up to the pres-
ent time, on account of the indisposition to in-
crease our Navy, inasmuch as it was sufficient for
all purposes—the officers being more numerous
than the number of vessels in the service required
—I say what better disposition can be made of this
subject, than to give to these gentlemen whose
State has repeatedly declared that they have been
ill-treated, this extra pay, and thus settle the
matter ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I would ask the gen-
tleman from Tennessee whether he supposes, if this
amendment is adopted, and the extra pay given, it
will put an end to the whole question ? Or whether
it will not prove a mere entering wedge.
Mr. STANTON. I suppose it will put the
question at rest. But I am willing t.o adopt an
amendment which shall prevent any such state of
things as that suggested by the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. PHELPS then, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
[The committee here informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message was
received from the Senate informing the House
that they had passed a bill of the House " making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1855," with sundry
amendments, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.]
The committee then resumed its session.
Mr. McMULLlN. I move to amend the
amendment of the Senate by adding these words:
Provided, Thai the officers in the Texan navy shall take
the same rank that they occupied in their own navy.
Mr. HENN. I rise to a question of order.
The amendment of the gentleman from Virginia,
if adopted, would have the effect, as I understand'
it, to incorporate thoBe officers into the Navy of
the United States. The amendment of the Senate
proposed only to pay them. I think the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia is clearly out
of order.
Mr. McMULLlN. I will then modify my
amendment so that these officers shall receive the
same pay as if they had been incorporated into
the American Navy.
Mr. HENN. That is what the amendment of
the Senate proposes to pay them.
Mr. McMULLlN. Well, sir, the amendment
is in order. Mr. Chairman, I look upon this as a
very grave question. These Texan officers have
never been in the service of the United States.
The rank which they held in the Texan Navy
does not correspond with nominally the same rank
in the American Navy. Their regulations for pro-
motion were different from ours. Now, is it right
that you should pay these officers of the Texan
Navy the same that you would have done if they
had borne arms in the American Navy, and had
held the same rank which they hold in the Texan
Navy ? Is it right that you should make this dis-
tinction in favor of Texan officers.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia a question. Did Texas
have a navy, and if so, how many men were in it ?
Mr. McMULLlN. Texas did have a navy,
but precisely what was the extent of that navy, I
am not at this time prepared to state. I understand
that a portion of her navy was purchased by the
United States.
A Member. But not paid for.
Mr. McMULLlN. Now, Mr. Chairman, I do
not think this amendment ought to be incorporated
into the bill. And if it is, if you are to pay these
officers, you certainly ought not to pay them at a
higher rate than you pay your own naval officers.
Mr. ORR. I am opposed to the amendment of
the gentleman from Virginia. I think there is a
good deal more in this amendment than appears
upon the surface. The amendment of the Senate,
in my opinion, if comprehended rightly, proposes
to pay these officers leave of absence pay from the
annexation of Texas down to the present time.
And not only that, but it actually provides for
incorporating them into the Navy of the United
States.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Oh, no, certainly not.
Mr. ORR. Well, I confess that, with what
little examination I have been able to give it, I
cannot see what other construction can be put
upon it. What is the number provided for?
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The number
is eight. That is the limitation provided in the
amendment; and they are, I believe, the only ones
surviving.
Mr. ORR. Now, sir, I agree very much with
the suggestions thrown out by the gentleman from
Virginia. There were but few officers of the Texan
Navy, but they had high rank and position. If
they become part of the Navy of the United Stated,
those who have been in our service for twenty
years, will be preceded by their juniors.
Mr, HENN. If these men have not been in
the service of the United States, why should we
pay them?
Mr. ORR. They have not at all been employed
in the service of the United States. I do not see
any obligation on us to pay them. I think the
adoption of this amendment is an incorporation of
that Navy into our Navy.
Mr. SKELTON. Why change the number of
officers of our Navy if it be not the intention to
incorporate these officers of the Texan Navy into
it?
Mr. McMULLlN, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 do not rise to
make a speech, but simply to remark that these
gentlemen have not been in the service of the
United States. The reason why they have not
been in the service of the United States, and have
done nothing is, that although the United States is
bound by the articles of annexation, to inclutte
them in our service, it has refused to do so. It
is not the fault of these gentlemen that they
have been compelled to linger here a: their, own
expense, during a long period of years, asserting
their rights. The question now comes up, will the
! Government refuse them this slight justice? Will
the Government give them the pay of officers on
leave? I say to the committee, and it is well
known to many gentleman, that we have a great
many naval officers who have been on leave as
long as these gentlemen, and they have been re-
ceiving their pay.
Mr. INGERSOLL. What is the question be-
fore the .committee? -*
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. SMITH. And that is debatable. But I
have said all that I desired to say.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to amend by striking
out "eight" and inserting "one."
Mr. Chairman, this is not the first time, nor will
it, perhaps, be the last, that the Senate have sent
us, in the expiring hours of the session, matter for
our consideration that might well employ us for a
month at least; yet all these things are we to be
compelled to consider under the operation of the
five-minute rule. I ask whethli- it is proper,
whether it is becoming, that a question of so much
importance should be determined within a few
hours of the close of the session, and after the
termination of all debate? My friend and colleague
says that these gentlemen of the Texas navy
have been kept out, notwithstanding the terms of
the articles of annexation by which they were to
be admitted into the Navy of the United States.
Where does he find any such clause in the treaty
with Texas ? By what authority does he say that
we ever stipulated with the Republic of Texas
thai her naval officers should be admitted into the
Navy of the United States ? Her ships and all
her public property were transferred to the Uni-
ted States; but does any man say that the officers
of the navy were transferable? Does any man
say that it was competent for the Republic of
Texas, or for the United States, to stipulate for
the services of the officers, or_ the men of the
Texas navy ? If the officers are to be incorpo-
rated into the United States Navy, why not the
men ? Who ever heard before that the term navy
did not apply to mariners as well as officers ?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. Then the gen-
tleman does not hold that the Texan navy was to
be incorporated into the Navy of the United
States ?
Mr. MILLSON. I am protesting against the
idea. The word " navy " does not apply to
officers alone. Naval officers no not constitute
the whole of a navy. The boatswains, gunners,
and sailors are all included. Are we to pay the
wages of seamen and the petty officers of the
Texan navy, from the time of the annexation of
Texas up to this time? 1 protest against this idea
of paying men for anything but services rendered.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The gentle-
man asks whether the Government of the United
States would be bound to pay the wages of these
men. Suppose a certain number of men of the
Texan navy had made a contract with the United
States, and had enlisted for three years, could
they not claim the benefit of their contract? I
ask him whether, upon any principle of right, the
Government of the United States could step in
and abolish that contract ?
Mr. MILLSON. Who ever heard before that
a nation assumed the debts of another nation be-
cause they made a treaty with it? I protest
agaist this notion that we are to be responsible
for the salaries of these men, who have rendered
us no service. Pay is an equivalent for services,
not for rank. These men have never yet been
incorporated into the American Navy. As my
friend from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] suggest-
ed, there is something exceedingly strange and
anomalous in the phraseology of this amendment.
It seems to me that it admits the fact that these
officers have always remained officers of the
American Navy; and if so, are we not liable to
pay the salaries of deceased officers, and the wages
of deceased and surviving seamen ? As is assumed
in this amendment, we are as much responsible
and as much liable to pay the wages of petty of-
ficers and mariners as to pay the salaries of the
officers higher in rank.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HAVEN. I think that perhaps we had
better come to a speedy vote upon this matter. I
do not understand precisely the motion made by
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] but
I wish to say to the committee, if we get afloat
with this Texan navy, we shall hardly touch
bottom. [Laughter.] It seems to me that, at this
