1270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
as it is, the chairman of the*,Committee of Ways
and Means, [Mr. Houston]—the committee
which makes this recommendation—advocates
this as a necessary appropriation.
Mr. CRA1GE, (interrupting.) I presume that
the reason why the Committee of Ways and
Means made their recommendation was, that at
the time they came to their determination, they
supposed that the amount could be placed in the
genera! appropriation bill, and that it would answer
every purpose. But the fact is, as I have become
well satisfied, that a great portion of this work is
already completed, and the Government is in-
debted to the contractors for it. That being the
case, the appropriation should be made in this bill.
The money is due, and the contractors are com-
pelled, for the want of this appropriation, to bor-
row money to carry on the work, and to pay a
high rate of interest for it. Justice, therefore,
requires that this appropriation should be made.
Mx. HOUSTON. I desire to say a word or
two in reply to the remarks of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Letcjier,] which seem to place
me in a false position. 1 have not the charge of
tins bill; and although the Committee of Ways
and Means, as such, has recommended a non-
concurrence in iheae.iion of the Senate, yet, as an.
individual member of the committee, I have the
right to differ from that recommendation. The
gentleman from Missouri [Mr, Phelps] has the
charge of this bill, and I pursue, in my action as
an individual, the course which my judgment
suggests.
Mr. LETCHER. It seems to me that the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
is somewhat in the position of General Taylor—
voted down by his own Cabinet.
Mr. HOUSTON. Thutisvery often the case.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means has often to defend the action of the com-
mittee when that action is in direct conflict with
his own opinion and judgment.
But in this particular ease 1 believe I was absent
from the city when the bill was reported to the
House; and, therefore, I am at liberty to take
such a course in reference to it as I see fit, guided
by the dictates of my judgment and sense of duty.
] beheve ir is ri<*ht, and therefore I advocate it.
Mr, CAMPBELL. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means one
question; and that is, whether this appropriation
will improve the political atmosphere of the Dem-
ocratic, party ?
Mr. HOUSTON. The political atmosphere of
the Democratic party is pure now; it was im-
proved last night. [Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. If there is no objection, I
will withdraw my amendment.
No objection being made, the amendment was
with d rawn.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I offer an
amendment which 1 send to the Clerk's desk.
The amendment was read, as follows:
For furnishing an additional number of iron settees for
the President's and Capitol grounds, $1,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would ask the gentleman
if that appropriation has been recommended by a
committee ?
Mr. KERR. I should like to know whether
the Committee of Ways and M^eansrecommended
that ?
Mr. STANTON. The necessity of the case
Teormnemis it.
Mr. HOUSTON. As [ understand it,nocom-
- ittee at all has recommended it.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Stan- ;
ton's amendment; and it was agreed to—ayes 60; j
noPR'not counted.
Mr. COBB. I desire to offer an amendment,
and to make a remark or two, not by way of
edifying the House, but for the purpose of satis-
fying myself as to the intention in reference to the
point to which my amendment refers. I move to
add at the end of the amendment the following:
Provided, That no part of said appropriation shall be
expended in pulling down the stonewall south of the Presi-
dent's Home and grounds.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment
in good faith. But in order that I may know s
whether I am right in the information upon which
1 have based the amendment,! will ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, whether the report 1 have heard is true,
that any portion of this appropriation is intended
to be expended in pulling down the stone walls
south of the President's House and grounds?
Mr. CRAIGE I will state to the gentleman
that I do not know that there is any such inten-
tion.
Mr. COBB. Well, then, in order to make the
matter sure, I hope the amendment will be adopted.
1 have heard such a report, and I want to make it
sure that that stone wall shall not be pulled down.
It has been the policy of the various Administra-
tions in reference to the improvements; no, sir,
1 will not say it has been their policy, but in the
experience 1 have had since 1 have been a member
of Congress, my observation has been, that it has
been the practice of the various Administrations
to build up one year and pull down the next. It
is true, that by carrying out such a policy we
shall benefit the laboring classes. Butl ask, is it
the true policy for this Government to adopt? Is
it the true policy for Congress to sanction? Is it
good policy for us to authorize the pulling down
of that wall, which has been there ever since I
have been in Washington city as a member of
Congress ? Such, I understand, is the intention.
Sir, 1 desire to protect that wall. It has been there
for many years. It will cost considerable to re-
move it; and I can see no reason why it should be
done. In my humble judgment, the grounds
within the mclosure, south of the President's
House, cannot be beautified more than they now
are. Why not allow them to remain? Why
remove the old landmarks which have been in
existence so long ?
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. 1 rise to a
question of older. I submit that the amendment
of the gentleman from Alabama is not in order,
for the reason that it has no relevancy to the Sen-
ate amendment to which it is olfered. When the
amendment speaks of improving the grounds
south of the President's House, it means that por-
tion of the grounds south of the inclosure. The
designation of the grounds south of the Presi-
dent's House has always been understood to mean
those, not including the ground* within tho mclo-
sure around the President's House. I submit,
therefore, that the amendment of the gentleman
from Alabama is not in order, being irrelevant.
Mr. COBB. The suggestion of the gentleman
from Kentucky will not cover my object. I have
undeistood that it is the intention to remove these
walls, and that 1 meant to prevent. I say put the
proviso in. If it be not the object to do what is
supposed, the proviso will do no harm. The gen-
tleman knows the wall is south of the very grounds
proposed to be improved.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. HAVEN. I oppose this amendment, and
shall briefly explain my reasons for doing so. I
do not expect that the committee will listen to me
on this small subject, as they have been dealing
for the last fortnight with empires. 1 am con-
trolled in my vote, and expect to be, by this con-
sideration: The last Congress made an appro-
priation of $12,500 to complete the work on this
ground; and on motion by an honorable gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Seymour,] there was a
proviso added that the-amount should not be
used unless security was given by the contractor
that it should complete the work. Now, if the
contractor of the Government has discharged his
duty, there is security for the completion of the
work; and I, for one, will not vote in this Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union to
overlook a consideration of that kind. We not
only put it to the officcr last year to do this work
for a given sum, Igit we ordered him not to do it
unless he had security that that sum should com-
plete it. H ere we are now asked for an appropri-
ation of some nine thousand and odd dollars. I,
for one, will not vote for it; others may if they
piease.
Mf. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask that
the law of the last session may be read.
The Clerk read the law, as follows:
" To complete the improvement* on the square south of
the President's House, $12,000: Provided, That thegrolmds
can be filled up, and die surface completed for the sum
herein appropriated, and a contract tor the completion of
the work with good security be tendered and accepted at a
sum not exceeding this amount."
Mr. HAVEN. That is the reason why I sus-
tain the report of the Committee of the Whole,
although the Chairman opposesjt.
Mr. CRAIGE. If the officer who had the work
in charge has not done his duty, and the work is
not finished, that is no reason why we should not
now complete it.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not care who the officer
was, who appointed him, or who are responsible
for him. Fur one, I do not mean to be respon-
sible for the subject.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cobb's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike
out the whole amount, for the purpose of inquiring
of the chairman of the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, whether he can inform the com-
mittee what it is intended to do in reference to
the public ground 3 south of the President's House?
In passing there Saturday last, ] observed that the
street running south of the president's House
was fenced across. I am at a loss to know what
is the design. Is it proposed to take down the
wall to which the gentleman from Alabama refers,
and J include all from the President's House to the
canal in the President's grounds?
Mr. CRAIGE. I haveanswered that question
before. 1 told the gentleman from Alabama that
I did not know whether it was contemplated to le-
move the wall south of the President's House or
not. If it be necessary, then we should improve the
grounds south of that wall. 1 stated that during
the last Administration, the President of the Uni-
ted States was compelled to remove his family
from the President's House to the heights of
Georgetown, because they could have no health
theie in consequence of ponds, whether fish ponds
or not, 1 do not know. These appropriations are
made for the purpose of filling up these holes,
leveling the grounds, and covering them with'
grass. They aie to put those grounds in the same
condition with the other public grounds.
Mr. JONES. I think, sir, the gentleman will
find, by examination, that the Long Bridge across
the Potomac river, which is causing the river to
be filled up above and below that bridge, so that
it is now not unfrequently, at low water, naked
for a large extent, is more deleterious to the health
of that part of the city than this piece of ground
south of the President's House. But why is it
that the street has been fenced up?
Mr. COBB. It is not a street. It is only a
part of the public grounds.
Mr. JONES. It has been open ever since I
have been in Washington, and used as a street;
and around that south wall there is a pavement.
Mr. CRAIGE. All the travel is on the other
side.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I do not think that
if the sum appropriated by the last Congress has
been found insufficient to finish the improvements
upon this ground south of the President's House,
this committee ought to hesitate to appropriate a
small amount to finish them.
The argument of the gentleman from New York
seems to me to be entirely inconsistent with good
policy in this respect. It is well known to the
gentlemen of this committee that the grounds
south of the President's square border on the
mouth of Tiber creek, where it enters into the
Potomac, and that the ground is very flat, and
hence exceedingly unhealthy. The remark of the
gentleman from Tennessee in regard to the effect
of the Potomac bridge upon the health of that part
of the city may be correct. * But is it not wise for
us to have the improvements of these grounds
completed, as they have been so far advanced?
Suppose the money heretofore appropriated has
been squandered, we are not responsible for that.
The responsibility belongs to the Executive. We
are asked by a responsible person to appropriate
, $9,000 to complete the improvements of these
j grounds, and it seems to me that they ought not
; to be left in an unfinished state. From what
; information I have obtained, a3 a member of the
i Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds, I
1 think it is absolutely necessary to make this ap-
] propriation, and I hope the committee will concur
I in the amendment of the Senate, and pass on to
! something else.
I The question was taken on Mr. J ones's amend-
; ment: and it was rejected.
j Mr. MORGAN. I move to amend the Senate
amendment, so as to reduce the appropriation
$5,000; and I do it for the purpose of asking the
same question as I asked before. I wish to know
how much of the $9,700 has been already ex-
pended? I ask the question in order that 1 may
