1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1271
be able to guess what amount will be asked for in
the next deficiency bill.
Mr. CRA.1GE. I will answer the gentleman's
question as far as I am able to do it. The Super-
intendent of Public .Buildings and Grounds says
that this amount is necessary, i cannot tell the
gentleman how much has been already expended,
for the reason that the work is now going on.
Mr. MORGAN. Then you do not know but
•whatjust as much will be called for next.year?
Mr. CRA1GE. 1 cannot say as to that. 1
think that this sum will be sufficient to finish the
improvements. That is the opinion of the Super-
intendent of Public Buildings and Grounds, of the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
of everybody acquainted with the work. But I
cannot say how much has already been expended.
About half the grounds have been turfed, all the
ditching has been done, and the woik is now
going on.
Mr. MORGAN". I withdraw the amendment
I offered.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is upon
concurring in the amendment of the Senate, as
amended by the committee.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the affirmative—ayes 72, noes not counted.
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The eleventh amendment was read,as follows:
Page eijrht, after line one hundred and eighty-four, insert
the following:
Foi iron flagging In fiont of the old portion of the Patent
Ofiioe Building, and altering windows and imvale stair- way
$5,730.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in this
amendment. They deem it advisable, before
making the appropriation asked for, to wait until
the improvements are nearly finished about the
Patent Office Building.
The question was then taken; and the com-
mittee refused to concurin the Senate amendment, i
The twelfth amendment, next in order, was then
read, as follows:
For altering streets and repaving in front of tne east wing
of the Patent Office Building, iron railing and flagging, and
painting new saloon, $14,250.
Mr. PHELPS. Thecommitte make the same
recommendation in this case—a non-concurrence
with the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Do I understand
that the committee recommend a non-concurrence
in the amendment of the Senate r
Mr. PHELPS. The committee deem it advi-
sable that the building should be finished before
the appropriation asked for is made.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I ask, for in-
formation simply, if this work has not already
been done? if debts have not been contracted
which make it necessary that this appropriation
shall be made ?
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment; and it was not concurred in.
The thirteenth amendment was then read, as
follows:
For furnishing the rooms of the new wing of the Patent
Office Building with furniture, and providing the saloon
therein with rases Cor models, $45,000.
Mr. PHELPS. The committee recommend a
concurrence in that amendment.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
The fourteenth amendment was then read, as
follows:
For completing the improvement of Pennsylvania ave-
nue from Seventeenth to Twenty-sixth street west, $9,000:
Provided, That alt appropriations herein made for repairs
and improvements of ili<* public buildings or grounds vvjthm
the District of Columbia, shall he expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Jnteiior.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in this
amendment. .
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I would ask
the gentleman from Missouri what reason the
committee assign for recommending a non-con-
currence with this amendment? The work is in
a half-finished state, and ou'^ht to be completed.
Mr. PHELPS. During tjie last session of Con-
gress an appropriation was made for the purpose
of completing and paving the grounds; and a strict
contract was required to be entered into for that
purpose. We understand that the work could
not have been accepted under that contract. Such
is the report of the Supermtendentof Public Build-
ings. There has been a change in that office; and
I do not know by what means it happened that
the public has been mjuied by the non-fulfillment
of the contract entered into by the contractor for
the pavement of these grounds. The Committee
of Ways and Means, for this reason, recommend
non-concurrence in the amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will now re-
port the fifteenth amendment of the Senate.
Mr. PHELPS. I propose that the committee
consider the fifteenth, sixteenth, seventeenth, and
eighteenth amendments together. It is only an-
ticipating the amount due under treaty stipula-
tions to the Sioux Indians, and is taken up for
the Indian appropriation bill. The committee
recommend concurrence m them. The money is
due by treaty stipulations.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the Clerk will read those amendments.
The amendments were then reported, aS fol-
lows:
Foi fulfilling treaties with the Sioux of the Mississippi :
For the thud of fifty installment* of interest, at the rate of
five pel cent, per annum, on $1,M0,000, stipulated in the
louith article of the tieaty of y&l Julv, LS.">l?$6ri,000.
For the third of titty installments of interest, at the lateof
live per cent, per annum, on j$U;2,00U, being the amount
in lieu of the reservation set apart m the third aniele ot ihe
treaty oi 23d July, J&31, per Senate's amendment thereof,
$0,600. '
For the third of fifty installments of interest, at the rateof
tive pei cent, per annum, on $1,160,000, stipulated m the
louith article ut the treaty ot 5sh August, 1851, $oti,Gu0.
Foi Uic third ol filty inytuUincnis of interest, at the. rate
of live pn cent per annum, on .560,000, being the amount
in lieu oi the rescrvu'iun set apart m the third article oi the
neaty or 0th Augu t, 1851, per Senate's amenilmentthereot,
$3,450.
The question was taken on concurring with
these amendments; and they were agreed to.
The nineteenth amendment was then reported,
as follows:
To pay clerks for services performed on Chickasaw In-
dian business, in purMiance ot the legnUtions o! the Ihesi-
deut of the United States, and in conformity with the de-
cision of the hue Secretary of the Jntenor, <$6,187 50.
Mr. PHELPS, The Committee of Way  and
Means recommend a concurrence m that amend-
ment. The amount was estimated for in the an-
nual estimates.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
The twentieth amendment was then reported,
as follows:
For the actual and nece^ary expenses incurred by the
provisional government of Oregon, m defending the people
ot baid Teiritory from tin/ attacks and hoc-tilities of the
Cayu-e Indians, in the years ]847 and 1848, and tor such
allowances foi the expense of adjusting the claims on that
account as the Secretary of the Treasury may deem propei,
^■75,000. But the said claims and accounts shall be settled
and adjusted at such place and in such manner as the fc>ec-
leiary of the Treasury may prescribe ; and no claims shall
hereafter be allowed on account of this war which are not
presented within the next fiscal year.
Pending the reading of the amendment,
Mr. PHELPS, (interrupting.) The reading
of this amendment is not necessary. It may be
rejected, as the Committee of the Whole House
have recommended the passage of a bill to defray
the expenses incurred in the Cayuse war with
Oregon, while they were considering territorial
business; and, if I mistake not, the bill has been
Mr. HOUSTON. Oh, no. It is better to have
the appropriation made in this way.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I withdraw my sugges-
tion. 1 hope, therefore, this amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Chairman, I hope the
amendment, will not be adopted. If gehtlemen
have ascertained that there are certain provisions
and resolutions which should accompany this ap-
propriation, it is better that the amendment be
non-concurred in.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment appropri-
ates $75,000, the same amount as was appro-
priated in the bill in question.
The question was taken on concurring in the
Senate's amendment; and it was non-concurred
in.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will now re-
port the twenty-first amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. Let the twenty-first and twen-
ty-second amendments be read, as the same ex-
planation applies to both.
They were accordingly read, as follows: *
Page fen, after line two hundred and thirteen, insert*
For arrearages of pay for services of volunteers in the Ken*
tueky regiment called into seivxce in !£&>, $1,000.
Forairearages of pay for services reudered by volunteers
or militia in tne Black Hawk war, §1,000.
Mr. PHELPS. These sums are estimated as
being necessary to defray the expenses of the vol-
unteers called into service. The appropriations
are recommended by the Depaitment.
The question was taken on the two amend-
ments; and they were concurred in.
The twenty-third amendment was next report-
ed, as follows:
For clothing for the Army, camp and garrison equipage,
and horse equipments, to supply the place of losses sus-
tained by the vvrcckofthe steamer San Francisco, §26,590.
Mr. PHELPS. That amendment recommends
itself, and the Committee of Ways and Means
recommend a concurrence in it.
The question was put; and the amendment was
concurred in.
The twenty-fourth amendment was then report-
ed, as follows:
For the transportation of Governor Stevens and his party,
and for explorations made by him between the Mississippi
river and tlie Pacific ocean, $40,000.
.. Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways
! and Means recommend a non-concuirence in that
amendment.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Sec-
retary, notifying the House that the Senate had
passed bills of the House of the following titles:
An act regulating the times of holding the ses-
sions of the district and circuit courts of the Uni-
ted States for the eastern district of Louisiana; and
An act to establish an additional land office in
the State of Florida.
Also, requesting the House to return to the
Senate a bill passed by the House for the relief of
Thomas Frnzer.]
Mr. HAVEN. I move that the bill referred
to in the message from the Senate be returned to
the Senate.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I offer an amendment,
which I send to the Clerk's table.
The amendment was reported, as follows: *
For deficiencies} of Governor Stevens and his party,
$25,000; for deficiencies of Lieutenant Whipple and hi?*-,
party, #15,000 ; and for further explorations between the
Mississippi river and the Pacific ocean,$50,000.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will ask the Clerk to
read a letter upon this subject from the Secretary
of War.
The letter was read, as follows:
War Department, >
Washington. May 22, J851. >
Sir: Tn reply to your letter of the 16th instant, f have
the honor to state that the amount required to cover defi-
ciencies in the appropriation for the survey of a railroad
route to the Pacific is estimated at #40,000. In the report
from this Department of the Gth of February la^t, the defi-
ciency was estimated at $25,000. Lieutenant Whipple has
since, m a report, of which I inclose a copy, stated the de-
ficiency for his party at $15,000. I have tins day brought
the suh^ct to the attention ot the Committee of Ways and
Means, and requested that an appropriation of $40,000 be
made to supply the deficiencies m question.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JEFFERSON DAVFS,
Secretary of War.
Hon. J. W. McDougai.l, Chairman of Committee
on Pacific Railroad., House of Representatives.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The $40,000 which are
nppiopriated in the Senate amendment, is the item
of $25,000 which was estimated for Governor
Stevens, and $15,000, added upon the motion of
one of the Senators from California, for the con-
tinuation of the exploration of Noble's Pass, for
a railroad route through the Sierra Nevada; that
being the amount estimated for by the Secre-
tary of War. The item of $ 15,000, added to the
$25,000, is designed to cover the deficiency of
Lieutenant Whipple, and to complete the explo-
ration. Since the adoption of the Senate amend-
ment, Lieutenant Whipple has arrived in this
eity, and he informs me that $15,000 in addition
will be necessary to carry on these explorations.
They are now incomplete; and I am informed
that before the general appropriation bills will
be passed, the appropriations already made will
have been exhausted, and that$50,000in addition
will be necessary to complete the explorations at
this time. The explorations.of Governor Stevens
are very incomplete; and in order to enable him
