2130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
been asserted all over the House that the nav£-<
yard at Memphis ought to be abolished, since the
small appropriation for it put into this bill, at the
suggestion of the Committee of Ways and Means,
has been stricken out, anfl since a much larger
additional sum has been appropriated for the ben-
efit of a navy-yard at San Francisco—since such
is the condition of things—the proposition of the
Senate to cede this property back to the city of
Memphis is a very proper one. - If the establish-
ment is to be treated as it has been to-night, and
on former occasions, I do not know that the Gov-
vernment could do better than what is proposed
by the amendment. The site of the navy-yard
was originally given to the Government by the
city of Memphis, with the exception of a few lots
purchased from private individuals at a cost of
$25,000. The site was given to the Government
on the condition that this establishment was to
be put there. Now, to withdraw i(; is, to some
extent, in bad faith to the city of Memphis; and
if the establishment is to be abolished, the value
of the property will be greatly diminished. The
buildings are of little use in iheir present situa-
tion, except for the purposes forwhich they, were
designed. You have there a large and fine rope-
walk for the spinning of rope. You have shops,
and some other appurtenances appropriate for a
building yard.
When the first proposition was, some time ago,
before the Senate, the friends of the Memphis
navy-yard proposed to those gentlemen, since they
were disposed to strike it down, that if they would
adopt this proposition, they would consent to let
itgo. Itwasupon that condition, as I understand,
that the original proposition was adopted in the
Senate; and I hope that, since the committee has
done what it has, it will also concur In the amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 desire to submit an amend-
ment.
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I propose the following amend-
ment in lieu of that section:
•And he it enacted, That the navy-yard nt Memphis is
hereby abolished.
That is a proposition to abolish the navy-yard
at Memphis. The amendment of the Senate con-
tains the condition that the property at the navy-
yard at Memphis should be given to the city. I
am not prepared to say, at this time, whether it
would be proper and right to make a donation of
the property to that city. We are not without
knowledge respecting the property there; for we
know that millions of dollars have been expended
upon that ship-yard; and, under the circumstances,
I cannot say that it is right to donate that site to
the city.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I beg the gen-
tleman to remember that a large portion of the
appropriations expended there has been for ma-
chinery.
Mr. PHELPS. A portion ofthe money appro-
priated there h^s been expended for machinery,
but still the Government has been at considerable
expense in erecting buildings, and making provis-
ion for the permanent establisment of that yard.
It seems to be the sense of the committee that the
navy-yard should be abolished. Let us say so in so
many words; and if it would be proper and right
to give the site to the city of Memphis, it can be
done at the next session of Congress.
With the consent of the committee, I will now
withdraw the amendment which I submitted, and
let the committee vote on concurrence in the Sen-
ate amendment.
The question was taken on the Senate amend-
ment; and it was non-concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
J>ni be i( further enacted, That naval pursers shall
hereafter be styled paymasters; and all laws, rules, and
lemulation* applying to pursers shall apply to them as pay
masters; Provided, That this change of name shall not he
held to affect their rank, pay, or duties.
Mr, PHELPS. I do not see why we should
change the name from purser to paymaster.
Mr RIDDLE. The change is recommended
becau e it is m conformity with the custom of
every other service.
Mr VvALSH. What have we to do with
Other servicesr
Several Member,. That is the very reason
WW change should not be made.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
And be it further enacted, That two ii General Orders"
of the Secretary of the Navy, dared August 31, 1846, and
May 27,1847, upon relative rank, shall have the force and
effect of law.
Mr. PHELPS. There is but one word of ex-
planation requisite in relation to this matter.
There were two orders issued by the Secretary
of the Navy as to relative rank in the Navy, to
which it is desirable to give the force of law. It
is ajl right; let us adopt the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
And be it further enacted, That the pay of the boatswains,
gunners, carpenters, and sail-makers of the Navy, shall be
as follows:
On leave, or waiting* orders, per annum, $600; shore
duty, $700; sea service, $90U. An addition of two per centum
on the foregoing rates tor every year's sea service, and an
addition upon sea pay of ten per centum when serving in
ships with four hundred men, and twenty per centum when
serving in ships with nine hundied men.
Mr. SKELTON. 1 will simply say, as I said
before, that this is a proposition which the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs have recommended in the
bill which they prepared.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the committee do
now rise, and report the amendments to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman of the committee
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly amendments
of the Senate to the bill making provision for the
support of the Navy of the United States; and
that the committee had directed him to report their
concurrence in some, and their non-concurrence
in others, of said amendments.
Mr. PHELPS moved the previous question;
which was seconded, and the main question or-
dered to be put.
Mr. ORR. I suggest that we vote on all the
amendments, except that for the Memphis navy-
yard, in gross.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I consent to
that. Let us take the vote on the Memphis
navy-yard separately; and I hope the House will
concur in that amendment.
The question was taken; and the report of the
committee on all the amendments, with the ex-
ception of that referred to, was adopted.
Mr. MiLLSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House concurred in the report of the
Committee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union,
and also to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
The fifteenth amendment was then read.
Mr. STANTON. I ask for a division of the
House upon that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the
Whole recommend a non-concurrence in this
amendment of the Senate.
The question was taken; and there were, upon a
division—ayes seventy; noes not counted.
Mr. ROBBINS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bliss and
CiujRcinvELL were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes ninety; noes not counted.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. X move to re-
consider the vote by which that amendment was
adopted, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HIBBARD. I now move to reconsider
the vote by which the reciprocity treaty bill was
referred.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a privileged question.
I move that the House insist upon its disagree-
ment to the amendments of the Senate to the naval
appropriation bill, and ask for a committee of
conference.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri has forgotten, perhaps, that the Senate may
recede from its amendments. The usual course is
to send the bill back to the Senate, and for them
to ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. PHELPS. I am very well satisfied, in
my own mind, that the Senate will not recede.
The House may, in the mean time, adjourn, and
there will be no time for a committee to act.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will put the
motion, if the gentleman desires it.
The motion was agreed to; and
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed Messrs.
Phelps, Bocock, and Parker as managers upon
the part of the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understand that I have
been appointed as one of the committee of confer-
ence upon the river and harbor bill. I ask to be
excused from serving upon that committee.
Mr. C. was excused; and
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Orr in his
place.
Mr. HIBBARD. T now insist upon my mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
making provision for carrying into effect the re-
ciprocity treaty with Great Britain was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and upon that motion I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HENN. Does not the bill make an ap-
propriation ?
Mr. HIBBARD. It does not.
Mr. CROCKER. 1 ask the consent of the
House to have a bill taken from the Speaker's
table. It is a Senate bill,and provides merely for
the change of a vessel's name.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. HIBBARD. At the suggestion of many
of the friends of the reciprocity bill, I shall sus-
pend what action I intended to propose on it, that
the Army bill may be taken up.
Mr. HUNT. I would suggest that the gentle-
man from New York withdraw his objection to the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. WALSH. I withdraw it.
Senate bill to change the name of the American-
built brig Glamorgan to that of Wizard, was then
taken up from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time by its title, and then read in extenso.
It was ordered to be read a third time; and was
read a third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, the Senate
amendments to the Army bill were taken up, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Wright, of Pennsylvania, in the chair,)
and proceeded to consider the amendments of the
Senate to the Army appropriation bill.
Firstamendment:
Sirike out " $28,497," and insert in lieu thereof
" $285,621 25," &o that the paragraph will read:
For bUl>M&tence in kind, §1,285,621 25.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is made necessary be-
cause of the increased estimate for rations. Ra-
tions were heretofore rated at twenty cents; they
are now rated at twenty-five cents.
There is no recommendation made for this
appropriation, and I do not think that it ou<{ht to
pass. The Committee of Way sand Means rejected
it in the early part of the session.
i The amendment was non-concurred in.
] Second amendment:
I Page seven, after line three, insert:
I For an iron steamer, to be used in the survey of the
I northern and northwestern lakes, including Lake Superior,
under the direction ofthe War Department, $50,001).
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. It is proper to state
that these amendments have just been returned
from the Senate. The Committee of Ways and
| Means have had no meeting in regard to them,
! and are, therefore, unable to state whether it is
] proper to concur or non-concur in them. Mem-
I bers of the House are just in the same situation as
j members of the committee, and are able to form
the same judgment with regard to them. It per-
| haps would be the safest plan to recommend a
I non-concurrence in the amendments, and ask for
, a committee of conference.
Mr. HAVEN". It is true, of course, as my
friend from Kentucky suggests, that these amend-
menfs i*nve not been acted upon in the Committee
of Ways and Means. In reference to this par-
ticular amendment now before the House, it so
