1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ma
Btreara. The project is wild and visionary, and
can never prove anything but a failure. Along
this line of aqueduct there are to be placed two
reservoirs; the principal one at the Little Falls, to
contain eighty-two millions five hundred and
twenty-one thousand five hundred gallons, at an
elevation above high tide in the Potomac of one
hundred and forty-five feet, and a distributing
reservoir, a short distance above Georgetown, to
contain fifty-nine million seven hundred and
eighty-three thousand gallons, also at an elevation
of only one hundred and forty-five feet above tide
water. The former will cover fifty acres, and the
other thirty-six acres. I have before me the map
made by the engineers of these several surveys,
and the position of these reservoirs, from which
the course of the aqueduct may be seen. Here is
the Rock Creek survey, (exhibiting it upon the
map,) to which I ask the attention of the commit-
tee. It will be seen by this plan that it proposes
to have a dam, at no greater distance from Wash-
ington than the distributing dam of the Great Falls
project, of greater capacity than both the dams on
that project together, and ata higher elevation. It
will contain two hundred and thirty-one millions,
and is situated one hundred and sixty-six feet
above tide water. This project was first surveyed
by Colonel George W. Hughes, of Maryland,
then a member of the Engineer Corps, and was
estimated would not exceed in cost $500,000.
It was subsequently surveyed by Captain Meigs,
and has been highly approved as the best plan by
some of the most enlightened and experienced
civil engineers m the country. And I may here
ask, why is it that the Great Palls plan, which
cannot be carried out without an increased ex-
penditure of public money more than is necessary,
should be preferred to the one which brings the
water from Rock Creek? The Rock Creek plan,
by the engineer's own showing upon the map,
will afford two hundred and thirty-one millions of
gallons, while both reservoirs together, on the
other plan, will not afford that much, nor at so
high an elevation. Surely, a superabundance of
water may be had from Rock Creek, of the beet
quality; and on account of the smallness of the
cost, it ought to be preferred. But why bring the
water from the Great Falls, wHcn it may be had
in abundance at the Little Falls, not more than
half the distance from the city?
Mr. HILLYER. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky allow me to interrupt him?
Mr. STANTON. I would do so cheerfully,
but I have but five minutes' time to devote to the
subject, and wish to make a few more remarks.
I have recently seen the statistics of the Philadel-
phia water-works. They were, I think, "com-
menced about 1794; and, from that time to the
present, the whole cost of original constmction,
repairs, and every other expense, has been only
about $3,200,000. These works have been kept
in operation for sixty years, and now supply a
population of four hundred thousand persons; and
this has been the whole expense! The estimates
of Captain Meigs, for his project of water-works,
is $2,300,000—and this only to begin with, only
the original construction! Why, sir, the popula-
tion to be supplied is only about one eighth of
that of Philadelphia, and we propose to expend
almost as much to begin with, as has been ex-
pended in sixty years to keep supplied abundantly
a city of four hundred thousand inhabitants. But
I know something of the topography of the coun-
try through which this aqueduct is to run, and a
rougherand more impracticable location for such a
work could hardly have been found m any portion
of our territory. The estimates of the engineer
are not, in the view of many practical men, as
experienced and intelligentas the engineer himself,
one half of what the work must cost to complete
it, if we allow it to go on according to the magnifi-
cent plan upon which it has been projected. The
whole thing, sir, is up<5n a scale of magnificence
not even rivaled by the renowned structures of a
similar kind for which ancient Rome was famed.
I know of no reason why we should expend the
people's pnoney upon such a project, unless to
hand down to posterity the name of its author,
and perpetuate, to future ages, the folly and waste-
fulness of this Congress.
Mr. HILLYER. I would like to inquire from
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,]
if, in the alterations in the plan of which he has
been speaking, he did not refer to the plan of
taking the water from Rock Creek, instead of from
the Potomac?
Mr. STANTON. What alterations does the
gentleman allude to?
Mr. HILLYER. That about which you have
been speaking to the committee. This plan which
you have been advocating—does it not look to
taking the water from Rock Creek, and not from
the Potomac?
Mr. STANTON. Yes; at an elevation of onte
hundred and sixty-six feet above tide water on the
Potomac river, and at a cost of $500,000. And
this plan would give two hundred and thirty-one
millions of gallons of water, while the other plan,
which is to cost $2,300,000, would give only
eighty-two millions of gallons, at the same dis-
tance from the city, and from an elevation of twen-
ty-one feet less.
Mr. HAMILTON. Mr. Chairman, 1 regret
extremely that the honorable gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Stanton,] has seen fit to place this
great enterprise before the House in the manner
that he has. The members of this House would
suppose that there is deception somewhere; and,
indeed it necessarily carries upon its face evidence
that there is deception somewhere. There is
something more involved in this than appears
upon its face. The fact that the gentleman states
that there should be two hundred million gallons
of water supplied from Rock Creek, and only
eighty-two millions from the Potomac, is of itself
sufficient to show that there is something wrong
somewhere. But it is not as thus stated. If the
members are at all conversant with the report of
Mr. Meigs to the President of the United States
upon this subject, they will remember that he says
that Rock Creek will supply the city of Washing-
ton with not more than from eight to ten millions
of gallons of water daily. It may at some sea-
sons of the year supply more.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Mary-
land misunderstood me. 1 said that that amount
would be contained in the dam. Rock Creek will
supply nineteen millions of gallons daily.
Mr. HAMILTON. It may at some seasons
of the year; but it will not supply more than ten
millions of gallons in the summer. That exposes
the fallacy of the position of the gentleman from
Kentucky in reference to this work. The Poto-
mac works will furnish this city daily with sixty-
seven millions of gallons; and this will be its
capacity at all seasons of the year. The differ-
ence, then, between the capacity of the two works
is the difference between eight or ten millions of
gallons and sixty-seven millions of gallons at all
seasons of the year.
Mr. SKELTON. I would ask the gentleman
what use has this city for such a vast quantity of
water? Is it to be used to run machinery, and
for such like purposes?
Mr. HAMILTON. We all have our ideas
upon that subject. They may differ somewhat;
but 1 am not called upon to enter into an argu-
ment to prove the necessity of that amount of
water, and of the use which can be made of it.
But we have men in this city who have great id£as
in regard to the magnificence of the capital, and
of the requirements of the metropolis of the
Union. They have the idea that we are to have
fountains, and jets, and reservoirs in all our public
grounds, and everything of that kind, which will
consume this vast amount of water.
Ten millions of gallons are required for the sup-
ply of a single jet daily m the Boston Commons;
and if this city is to be, according to the opinion
of many men, yes, of the great mass of the
American people, the metropolis of the greatest
Republic that ever existed, and of the greatest
country upon the face of the habitable globe, the
day may come when it will require, not ten, but
sixty-seven millions of gallons daily to supply the
wants and conveniences of its citizens.
But I care nothing about that. 'My object is to
show the capacity of these works, and tne differ-
ence between the two. I suppose this House is
not disposed to enter into a controversy as to the
parties who are involved in this matter, and as to
whether this, or that, or the other work shall he
selected. What kind of an avocation would it be
for two hundred and forty members to sit here
and decide upon the proper plan^to be adopted?
We have referred that question to the proper offi-
'cerof the Government, for the purpose of securing
unity of action. We gave that power to the Presi-
dent of the United States absolutely and unquali-
fiedly, and we adopted the plan which he selected,
and this Congress, by its action thtfs far, has
carried it out. That plan was estimated to cost
$2,300,000. We adopted that plan When we cofi-
ler red the power upon the President, and appro-
priated money for that purpose.
Mr. HILLYER. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] to withdraw his amend-
ment, to enable tirife to offer another?
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw it> if there fe #0
objection to my doing so.
No objection w&s made, and thfc amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. HILLYER. I move to increase the ap-
propriation $10,000.
During th'e last Congress, Mr.'Chairman, f
served upon the Committee foY the District of
Columbia, and this subject was frequently before
that House committee, and I 'know something
about it. We then heard much of the two plans
proposed to bring water into this city. The one
involved a very large expenditure, as was said,
and the other involved, comparatively, a small
expenditure.
The large expense involved of conducing the
water from the Potomac into this city is the prin-
cipal objection of those who oppose this appro-
priation. But it is proposed to bring k fror 
Rock Creek because it will cost less. Now, sir,
it Will be 'ascertained, if gentlertife^i are disposed
to go into the investigation of this subject, that
Rock Creek risfcs in the valley of the Potomac,
and that the water'is not sufficiently pure to. be
suitable for supplying the city of Washington
with water; while the water in the Potomac comes
from the mountains, and is precisely what i 
wanted. None can be purer. It is desirable, is
is of'vast importance, that the water which is to
supply the people of this city should be from the
very purest source.
These various plans have been submitted to the
President of the United States, and by him re-
ferred to scientific men, who have examined them
thoroughly, and have reported in favor of bringing
the pure water from the Great Falls of the Poto-
mac. They have selected thatas the source from
whence this aqueduct is to be brought. Ndw,
sir, I think that the judgment of the President of
the United States, and of these scientific gentle-
men, should be sustained by the action of thi  -
House, i t is true that it will involve the expendi-
ture of a large amount of money; it is true that it
will involve, perhaps, a larger amount than either
of the other plans; but it seems to me that the
advantages of this plan are more than sufficient to
balance theincreased amount which will be needed-
I think, therefore, that instead of diminishing the
amount of this appfoprtatkm, it should be in-
creased. „
Mr. HAMILTON. I will state, that accord-
ing to the report of Lieutenant Meigs, the whole
cost of bringing the water from Rock Creek i*
$1,258,863.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. According to-
Colonel Hughes's report it will cost only $500,000.
Mr. BAYLY, of 'Virginia, if the gentieman
"will allow me, in order'that the committee may
understand what this Rock Creek is, 1 will inform
them that it is the little stream 
A Member. The Tiber?
Mr. BAYLY. No, not the Tiber, but the lit-
tle filthy stream that runs between Georgetown
and Washington. It has on its banks—God
knows what are on its banks; but I do not think
the water is good to drink any more than that of
the Tiber is. it is about of the same description,,
though it is a larger stream.
Mr. HILLYER. If there be no-objection, I
will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. MILLSON. I object. I desire to speak
in opposition to it.
Mr. Chairman, I do not intend to. say any-
thing in regard to the merits of these various
Flans for bringing water into the city; but, sir,
propose to speak in opposition to them ail. It
may be my fault. It may be that I do not under-
stand the duties of Congress or the obligations
as welf as I ought; but really I have not been able
to see the obligation there is upon the people of
the United States at large to supply the people of
Washington with water to drink. Now, sir, if
these water-works are designed for some public
purpose, if they are designed for any purpose for
