1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
happens that it relates to a matter which has fallen
under my own observation. We have made an
appropriation for the last dozen years of $50,000
a year for a survey of the northern and north- |
western lakes, including Lake Superior, which j
has done for the lakes what the Coast Survey has
done for the Atlantic coast. They have during
all that time used a little steamer which Captain
Macomb told me had got so rotten that they
could use it no longer; and he told me that it was
absolutely necessary that this vessei should be
had. It is a very small affair.
With the construction of the canal around the
Sault Saint Marie, by which the immense com-
merce of the interior is to be let down upon the
lower lakes, it is of the greatest importance that
these surveys upon Lake Superior should be car-
ried on without delay. Lake Superior is a great,
unknown inland sea, and capable of bearing upon
its waters an immense commerce. It is, there-
fore, highly necessary that commercial men should
know something of its condition; and this cannot
be done until a thorough and efficient survey is
made, under the direction of competent and prac-
tical men. I hope that the committee will consul-
in the amendment.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. In answer tothegen-
tleman, I would say this, that already and ante-
rior to this amendment of the Senate, you find in
this bill that the first item is for continuing the
survey of the northern and northwestern lakes,
* including Lake Superior, $50,000. If this amend-
ment is adopted, it is a provision to what is already
contained in the bill.
Mr. NOBLE. I will state to the committee
that I have some information in regard to this
particular item. These surveys upon the lakes
are carried on with very great success, and per-
haps there is nothing in which the Northwest fee)
a deeper interest than in the prosecution of them.
Captain Macomb says that it is absolutely neces-
sary that this vessel should be built to carry on
successfully those surveys. The appropriation
for this purpose is also recommended by Professor
Bache, who is at the head of the Coast Survey de-
partment. 1 hope that the committee will concur
in the amendment of the Senate.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Page eight, after line twelve, insert as follows:
For the purchase of a site and construction of an arsenal
at Bemcia, California, $93,485.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the gentlemen
representing the Committee of Ways and Means
what recommendation has been made in reference
to this matter by the Department? I ask this for
information. There is no arsenal in the State of
California at all.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. It appears from the
estimate sent us from the Department, that the
amount asked for to construct an arsenal at Be-
nicia, California, is §93,485. That is the amount
embraced in the amendment of the Senate. I
would remark, that the Committee of Ways and
Means have had nothing to do with this estimate,
and would refer my friend from California to the
report made on the subject.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will state this fact in con-
nection with it. The matter was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, because the ap-
propriation asked for was for-a new work. And
being so—being for the purchase of a site and
erection of an arsenal—it does not go to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, but it does go to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FAULKNER. I do not know in what
form it has ever been referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs. I recollect this in connection
with it: I had a communication addressed to the
Committee on Military Affairs, complaining, in
very strong and emphatic language, that this
item was not embraced in the bill reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means; and it was
stated that there was no arsenal on the Pacific
coast at all wherein a culvert could be constructed
in safety; and that the powder now owned by the
Government had to be kept in a wooden building.
Complaint was made to the War Department that
the Committee of Ways and Means had not em-
braced an appropriation for that arsenal in this
bill. The Secretary of War communicated to the
Committee on Military Affairs that this appro-
priation had been included in his estimate, and i
that the estimate had been disagreed to by the
Committee of Ways and Means. I recollect, dis-
tinctly, the fact that it was stated that even the
powder which they had at the place was kept in
wooden buildings.
Mr. HOUSTON. I regret very much that the
head of the Ordnance Department knows so little
of his business as to suppose that an estimate of
this sort should go to the Committee of Ways and
Means. It never goes to that committee unless
the work has been commenced. It goes to the
Committee on Military Affairs; just as estimates
for the erection of light houses are sent to the
Committee on Commerce, and as custom-house
estimates are sent to that committee. After the
erection of the work has been authorized, then
the future estimates come under the control of the
Committee of Ways and Means. I do not know
that the estimate in question was referred par-
ticalarly to the Committee on Military Affairs.
I took it for granted, as a matter of course, that
it was. It was not my duty to call the attention
of that committee to the estimate which properly
belonged to them. I know that this same question
was up during the last session of Congress, and
I took precisely the same course in respect to it.
My opinion is, that by reference to that portion
of the message of the President of the United
States, which was distributed by resolution, it
will be found that this subject was directly referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs. I am not
certain about that. But 1 am certain that it be-1
longs to that committee; and that we have never
taken cognizance of estimates for works of this
sort.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move to increase the
appropriation ten dollars. I was about to make
this suggestion to the gentleman from California
and to the Committee of Ways and Means. I do
not know that I am capable of giving advice with
reference to the course it is best to pursue. The
Committee of Ways and Means have not told us
their opinion in relation to a great many of the
appropriations placed on the bill. They are unable
to give the House any informationin regard to it.
My proposition is this, as a committee of con-
ference will be theinevitable result, let us disagree
to all the Senate amendments to the bill, and let
it go to the committee of conference at once, and
they will report to the House something to act
upon.
Mr.McDOUGALL. I dislike to say anything
more about California appropriations, as I know
there is a feeling in the House that California has
been talking enough, and getting appropriations
enough. But it must be evident that there is a
propnetyin this particularappropriation. There
is no arsenal upon our coast—a coast of sixteen
or eighteen hundred miles in extent. There is
no arsenal for the preservation of the arms of the
Federal Government; and it is about time there
should be one. The head of the War Department
has furnished the estimate, but by some accident
it has not been acted upon by the House. The
estimate has been sent to the Senate, and the
Senate have incorporated a provision in reference
to it in the bill. It strikes me that it is time that
we should have some means of preserving the
United States stores for war purposes upon the
Pacific coast. It seems to me to be exceedingly i
necessary, though I do not wish to urge its adop-
tion to an improper extent.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
For the sword ordered to bo presented to Brevet Major
General John E. Woo!, by the joint resolution, approved
January 24, 1854, §1,500.
Mr. MATTESON. Will it be in order to move
to disagree to ali of the Senate amendments? It
seems to me that by doing so we would save a
great deal of time.
Mr. PHELPS. Oh, let us take the question
upon them.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Why would it not
be well to consent to disagree to the whole of
them> There is nobody here to explain them.
Mr. PHELPS. One word. I have but a mo-
ment since examined several of these amendments
at the Clerk's desk. I have had no opportunity
of examining them thoroughly. Many of the
matiers introduced into the amendments, are en-
tirely new; and if they were not tacted upon by
the House, the committee of conference would be
placed in a delicate position, and it would involve
the legislation in regard to ail of them by a com-
mittee of six members. That is the reason why
I desire the action of |he House upon them.
The question was then taken upon the fourth
amendment of the Senate; and it was concurred
in.
Fifth amendment:
For payment of claims adjudicated by the board of Army
officet s appointed by the Secretary of War, under the sixth
section of the act of August 31,1852, $129,88$ 23.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
For the purchase of the beat breaeh-loading rifles, in
the opinion of the Secretary of War, for the use of the^ Uni-
ted States Army, $90,000 : Provided, That the Secretary
of War, after a fair, practical test thereof, shall deem the
purchase advisable and proper.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire here to read the
resolution adopted on the 6th of January.
Mr. H. then read the resolution adopted near
the commencement of the session, for referring
the President's message to the appropriate stand-
ing committees, from which it appeared that the
estimate in relation to the arsenal on the Pacific
coast was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to say a single word
in reference to the sixth amendment of the Senate. ■
Mr. WALSH. You are not in favor of these
breach-loading rifles, are you?
Mr. PHELPS. I am not in favor of striking
out this appropriation proposed in the amend-
ment of the Senate. The amendment provides
for placing §90,000 at the disposal of the Secre-
tary of War, to enable him to purchase a supply
of breach-loading rifles, if, upon examination,
they should be found superior to the rifles now in
use in the service. Sir, do* you desire to make
your Army efficient, place good and proper arms
m their hands. Let us keep up with the latest
improvements that are made. Who does not
know that the Government refused, year after
year, to substitute the percussion locks for the
flint locks then in use? Sir, let us not delay the
adoption of improvements m arms whenever they
are made. I hope this amendment, placing these
$90,000 at the disposal of the Secretary of War,
will be adopted.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
That the proper accounting officers be, and they are here-
by, directed, in the settlement of the accounts of Cnptain
Joseph L. Folsom, assistant quartermaster of the United
States Army, to receive parol testimony of the disburse-
ments made by him as such assistant quartermaster, in lieu
of vouchers for such disbursements, which were, destroyed
by fire in the city of San Francisco, on th£ 4th ot May, A.
D., 1851, and that upon the testimony so taken, if satisfac-
tory to the Department, the accounts of said assistant quar-
termaster shall be audited and settled according to the prin-
ciples of equity and justice: Provided, The sum allowed
shall not exceed the balance now due from said Folsom to
the Treasury.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. At the suggestion of
a number of gentlemen around me, and at the sug-
gestion of the chairman of the Committee on Pi-
nance in the Senate, as the Senate is about taking
a recess, I propose that, by common consent, we
now* concur with the Senate in the remaining
amendments, and allow a committee of conference
to be appointed. It is important that a committee
should be appointed before either body take a re-
cess, and I would also suggest that perhaps a com-
mittee of conference may be able to furnish ex-
planations of these amendments which we cannot
now have, so that the House may be able to act
moreundersEandingly upon the subject than if we
were to <*o through with them now in committee.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object to that course
just now. The amendment which has just been
! read is one which ought to be adopted.
| Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. But while we are
1 discussing it, the Senate will take a recess, and we
shall lose the committee of conference.
I Mr.McDOUGALL. I will not detain the com-
i mittee. I ask that the amendment may be again
read.
! It was read by the Clerk.
I The question was then taken; and the seventh
j amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
i Mr, BRECKINRIDGE. I move a non-con-
currence in the remaining amendments of the
Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I move that the com-
