THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
mittee do now rise, and report the amendments to
th,e House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly the amendments of the Senate to
the Army appropriation bill, and had concurred
in some, and non-concurred in others.
* Mr. BRECKINRIDGE moved'that the House
concur in th*e report of the Committee of the Whole
o'n the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I now move .that a
committee of conference be appointed to meet a
like committee on the part of the Senate on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amend-
ments of the Senate to the Army appropriation
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
, EXTRA PAT TO HOUSE EMPLOYEES.
Mr. HUNT. I have a joint resolution here to
which I trust there will be no objection. It is a
joint resolution to pay the employees under the
resolution of August 2d.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved- by the Senate and House of Rcjirese-ntatives, in
Congress assembled, That the smn appropriated by the
House of Representatives, for the pajmont of its pages and
employees, be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The joint resolution was then, by unanimous
consent, read a first and second time by its title,
ordered £b be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
RECIPROCITY TREATY BILL.
Mr. H1BBARD. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the reciprocity bill was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union to-day; and on that motion demand the
previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I demand tel-
lers on ordering the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buss and
Washburn were appointed.
The question yras taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 95, noes 6; no quorum voting.
Mr. GROW. As there seems not to be a quo-
rum present, I move that w4 take a recess until
eight o'clock.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the
vote will be taken on adjourning, or on taking a
recess till eight o'clock.
[Cries of " Say nine o'clock!" and " No,let it
be eight o'clock!"]
Mr. HUNT. I object to the proposition to ad-
journ till eight o'cloclt. It is not a sufficiently long
recess.
[Cries of" Say nine o'clock !"J
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is very evident that we
can do business better by taking a recess. There is
a way in which the majority can do it. I propose
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, with a view
of taking a recess immediately after. I make that
motion now, that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The House has divided re-
cently, and it has been ascertained that there is no
quorum present.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, by common con-
sent, let us take a recess till nine o'clock.
[Cries of " Yes !" "Yes!" " Agrfeed !"]
Mr. HENN. I am opposed to the adjourn-
ment of the House. Let us go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and take
up the first bill on the Calendar; a bill in which
every member from anew State is interested.
Several Members. What bill is it?
Mr. HENN. It is a bill for the relief of the
purchasers and locators on swamp and overflowed
lands. It is the first bill on the Calendar.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I propose that, by common
consent, we take a recess till nine o'clock.
Mr. HENN. I object to taking a recess till
that bill is disposed of.
Mr. CAMPBELL. But the bill cannot be
disposed of now; there is no quorum present.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I shall object to
the consideration of this bill.
Mr. HUNT. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. HENN. I ask the gentleman from Louis-
iana to withdraw that motion, until I submit a
proposition which I think will meet the unanimous
approbation of the House.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, in-
forming the House that the Senate had disagreed
to th e amendments of the House to the amendments
of the Senate, to the bill making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1855, and that the Senate insist upon their amend-
ments to said bill, and ask a committee of confer-
ence upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill making
appropriations for the transportation of the United
States mail by ocean steamers and otherwise,
with an amendment, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed sundry private
bills of the House.]
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the gentleman from
Louisiana [Mr. Hunt] to withdraw his motion
to adjourn, in order to allow the gentleman from
Alabama to submit a motion that the House insist
upon its amendments to the amendments of the
Senate to the mail steamer appropriation bill, and
that a committee of conference be appointed ?
Mr. HUNT. I will withdraw it, and renew it
afterwards.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Senate have made but
one amendment to the bill, and it is not necessary
that it should go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. I movethatthe House
do now concur in the amendment, and ask a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. CAMPBELL. There appeared to be no
quorum awhileago.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ascertain if
there is a quorum by a count.
Mr. HENN. I desire to make a proposition,
which I think will meet unanimous consent.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to count the
House, and announced, as the result, one hun-
dred and six members present—beingf&ss than a
quorum.
Mr. PRESTON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. HIBBARD. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw that motion. It will leave us but two
hours to fiflish the business of the House before
the final adjournment to-morrow.
Mr. PRESTON. 1 cannot withdraw the mo-
tion unless 1 can have the unanimous consent of
the House to take a recess until nine o'clock.
Mr. HENN. I move that the House take a
recess until half past eight o'clock.
Mr. WALSH. [ object.
Mr. BRIDGES. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will withdraw his motion for that purpose,
1 will submit a proposition to the House to take
a recess until nine o'clock.
Mr. PRESTON. I will withdraw for that
purpose.
Mr. HENN. When I objected before to the
proposition made by the gentleman from Louis-
iana, I did^it for the purpose of asking the House
to take up'and dispose of the swamp land bill. I
desire now that that bill shall be taken up and
disposed of, I do not care whether favorably or
unfavorably; and if it is the understanding that
that bill shall be taken up when the House meets
again, I will not object to the proposition to take
a recess.
Mr. BRIDGES. I nowsubmittheproposition
that the House take a recess until nine o'clock.
There was no objection; and
The House thereupon (at five o'clock, a. m.)
took a recess until nine o'clock, a. m.
FRinAT, August 4, 1854.
The House met, pursuant to its order, at nine
o'clock.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing
the House that they had passed, without amend-
ment, bills of this House of the following titles:
A bill to reduce and graduate the price of the
public lands;
A bill to increase the pay of the rank and file of
the Army, and to encourage enlistments;
A bill to extend the right of preemption over
unsurveyed lands in Minnesota, and for other
purposes;
A bill supplemental to an act entitled " An act
to ascertain and settle the private land claims in
the State of California, approved March 3, 1851;
A bill for the relief of J. Cash and Giles U.
Ellis;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Rice Jones, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Ira Call, of the State of
Ohio;
A bill authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to settle the accounts of Thomas Jordan, assistant
quartermaster in the United States Army; and
A bill for the relief of Jacob Parker, of San-
dusky City, Ohio.
Also, that they had passed a bill of the Senate
" to provide for the surrender of certain bonds
of the State of Indiana, held by the United
States," in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
[A message was received from the President, by
the hands of Sidney Webster, Esq., his Private
Secretary, notifying the House that he had ap-
proved and signed bills of the following titles:
House bill (No. 383) for the relief of Thomas
Bronaugh; and for the repeal of the act to aid the
Territory of Minnesota in the construction of «(
railroad therein, approved the 29th of June,1854.
House resolution (No. 7) directing the presenta-
tion of a medal to Commander Duncan N. In-
graham.]
Mr. HOUSTON. Just before the recess, the
Senate returned the mail steamship appropriation
bill, with an amendment. I move that that amend-
ment be now taken up and non-concurred in.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
up.
Mr. HOUSTON. I make the motion that the
House disagree to the amendment of the Senate,
and that the bill be returned to the Senate.
Mr. WHEELER moved to lay the bill and
amendment upon the table; and upon that motion
demanded the yeas and nays.
Only thirteen gentlemen rising, the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
Mr. WHEELER demanded tellers upon the
yeas and nays; which were not ordered.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to ascertain
whether there was a quorum present; and upon
count, it appeared that there were but eighty
members present.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved a call of the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was then called; and the following gen-
tlemen failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Aiken, James C. Alien, David J. Baifey, Ball,
Baiksdale, Barry, Belcher, Bennett, Benson, Benton, Bis-
sell, Bliss, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Caskie, Cham-
berlain, Chase, Chastairi, Colquitt, Craige, Cullom, Cum-
ming, John G. Davis, Dent, DeWitt, Dickinson, Disney,
Dowdtjll, Drum, Ellison, Parley, Franklin, (Iambic, Green,
Grey, Glow, Hamilton, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P.
Harris, Harrison, Hastings, Hiester, Hill, Hillyer, Hunt,
Daniel T. Jones, Roland Jones, Kent, Lane, Latham,
Litldley, Lvon, McCulloch, McMulhn, Mace, Mayalt,
Meaeham, Middleswarth, John G. Millei, Millson, Mor-
rison, Murray, Noble, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver,
Parker, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phelps, Powell,
Pnryear, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritchie, Rogers, Tlutfin,
Sewaid, Seymour, Singleton, Skelton, Samuel A. Smith,
Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton, Straub, David Stuart, John
J Taylor. Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tracy, Tweed, Walbridge,
Walsh, Warren, John Wentworth, Westbrook, Witte,
Daniel B. Wright, Hendrick B. Wright, and Zoliicoffer.
A quorum having failed to answer to their
names upon the first call, the names of the ab-
sentees were called over, when a quorum having
appeared,
Mr. CL1NGMAN moved that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
THE ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I believe the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Houston] is entitled to
the floor. I suggest to my friend that the Army
appropriation bill is not yet finally passed; and if
he will allow me the floor, I will make a report
on the result of the conference between the com-
mittees on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses,
and have the bill acted upon.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to with-
draw my motion.
