1274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
which Congress may properly appropriate the
money of the United States, let it be shown. But
if the design be simply to supply the people of
Washington with water to drink, I really do not
see the propriety of doing it. I do not believe
theie is a city in the world that is supplied with
.water except at its own expense. The city of
New York is supplied at its own expense.
Mr. CRAiGE. Is the gentleman not aware
that a large proportion of the property in the city
is Government property, and is not subject to
taxation ?
A Member. There are $40,000,000 of proper-
ty here belonging to the Government which is not
subject to taxation.
IVlr. H1LLYER. The Government has prop-
erty to the amount of $40,000,000 here.
Mr. MlLLSON. U is said that the Govern-
ment has property here which pays no tax.
Why should it pay a tax to the people of Wash-
ington? On what ground can the gentlemen
suppose that, the Governmentof the United States
ought to pay the inhabitants of Washington for
the privilege of building on its own lands ?
Mr. CRA1GE. If the Government should not
pay tax, why should the people of Washington
be called upon to furnish water for the public piop-
erty of the country, as well as for the public em-
ployees ?
Mr, MILLSON. There is no such obligation
on the part of the inhabitants of Washington, if
they bring water here for their own use, and the
Government want its use, it ought to pay for it.
But I do not see why the people of the United
States should be at the expense of supplying the
people of Washington with water. 1 do not see
why my constituents, who have to drink very bad
water, should be charged with a tax for the pur-
pose of supplying the people of Washington,
who already have much better water than they
can get.
Now, sir, in reference to the use of the water
by the Government, I should like to hear gemle-
men explain the reasons why, as a mere matter
of public utility,this appropriation should be made.
I ask the gentleman with a sincere desire to le-
ceive mfounation on the subject. If the public
interests are to be promoted by this expenditure,
let us know how. JJuti do not see on what prin-
ciple it is that the people of the United /States at
luj are to be chaiged with the payment of some
#5,000,000 for the purpose of bringing water into
the city of Washington, not for public, but for
private uses? I shall vote against the whole ap-
propriation, unless there be some better reason than
that the inhabitants of Washington have not as
large a supply of good drinking water as they
pci h.ipn may desire.
Mr. H 1LLYKH. I withdraw mjr amendment.
Mr. IS l'ANTON, of Tennessee, t move to
redwe the appropriation to $10,000.
I understand, Mr. Chairman, indeed I know,
for I have had irequent conversations with practi-
cal gentlemen, who understand this question, that
there have been proposed three plans for bringing
water into the city of Washington; one plan spo-
ken of at Rock Creek, which is estimated to cost
about $500,000. The gentleman from Virginia is
mistaken in reference to the character of the water
in that creek. It is derived from springs, and is
pel ffctly pure, and quite as good as that of the
Potomac, i do not know but better, it will fur-
nish ten million of gallons daily, by the estimates
of these gentlemen who have examined it, a quan-
tity amply sufficient forthe city of Washington
for a century to come.
A second proposition is, to construct works nt
the Litile Fails, a short distance from the city of
Washington, which would cost something more
than the proposition to get water at Rock Creek,
and would involve the necessity of machinery to
elevate the water to a sufficient height to spread it
over the.city. Nevertheless, that project would
not cost more than one half, probably not more
than one third, thecostofbringingitfrom the Great
Falls. Now, 1 have heard practical gentlemen,
engineers, who are well acquainted with this sub-
ject, say that the plan proposed by Captain Meigs
will not cost less than $1,000,000. And 1 venture
to assert here to day, and 1 appeal to the future
history of this work, that it will not cost onedime
le*fl than $5,000,000.
Sir, 1 say the whole project is extravagant, and
ought not to be adopted. If thecity of Washington
is to be supplied with water by the Government of
the United States, we ought to do it on somemore
feasible and practical plan. When other plans
can be adopted, with a saving of several millions
of dollars, we have no excuse for adhering to the
present one.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I desire to call the
attention of the committee to the facts as they
now exist, and to what we ought to do as practi-
cal men. On 3d March, 1853, we appropriated
$100,000, for the purpose of bringing water into
the city of Washington. Here is the provision:
" To be expended under the direction of the President
of the United riMies, for the purpose of bringing waterinto
; the city oi' Washington, upon t uch plan, and from such
j place*, as he inaj* approve, £100,000: Provided, That if the
j plan adopted by the President of the United States should
: requue water to be drawn from any source withmthe limits
; of Mar} land, ihe ass-en t ol the Legislature of that State
! fchould first be obtained."
| Well, sir, I learn,from the best information that
! I can obtain, that it is necessary to get the water
i within the State ofMaryland, and that the assent
| of that State has been obtained. If gentlemen will
refer to House Document No. 1, of the present
session, they will find there the report of the Sec-
j retury of War, and what he says upon the sub-
1 ject. He says:
i " An aproprianon was made at the Ja.st session of Con-
1 pes*, tor die puipose of bunging water into ihe city of
, vVatdmigLuii. in order to obtain an ample and con>tant
. 5tip,)ly hum a source m> elevated as to avoid tne necessity
: oi tht! use of machinery, it was. decided that the water
, should be diawn fioin ihe Great Falls of ihe Potomac,
1 through a conduit nine feet in diameter. Upon the adop-
tion of luis. plan, lUiiiKHiuue application was made to the
]jCgi*Jatuiu of Maryland, in which State ihe souiee of
Mipply lies, for their a^nat to tin* piopo&ed work, which
j being given on conditions readily complied with, j-ome por-
tions of the nece oaiy land weie >cJi-cied and purchased,
j and, as soon as the weapon would pirmit, a conMdeiable
' force was. put upon the work.
| " The work-, arc estimated to co^t rather le.ss than
$2,300,000; and when completed, will be capable oi de-
! bvenng huv'emy million gallons ol water daily, at an elo-
1 vation of fouitecn leet above the upper tloor oi ihe Capitol.
! For (uitlicr inlorinauon and details, i icier to the repoit of
! the chiet engineer.'''
] Well, now, sir, gentlemen greatly mislead the
i committee, unless they have much better lnforma-
i tion than 1 am able to derive fiom public or privuie
; sources, when they say this moject wiil cost
! $5,000,000. The Secretary of War, upon inform-
i uUun derived from the engineers, says that the
I woiks are estimated to cost less than £.2,300,000.
j Who am i to believe? Who has got the best
j information on the subject ? 1 take it for granted
i that the Secretary of War has got the best in-
; formation that the nature of the case admitted of,
I and I am prepared to act upon it.
! 1 wish to buy, fuither, that while I am against
■ any extiavugant appropriations for bringing watti
j into the city of Washington,! think our past his-
, tory here makes it imperative upon us to take
! some steps to preserve the public archives and
1 public buildings of our Government from 'fire.
[ Gentlemen who were here a few years ago know
| that the library of Congress was burned for want
i of water; and the Secretaries of State for the last
i eight or ten years have told you that the public
1 recoids are in daily peril, and that the archives
may be burnt up any day for want of water.
Sir, the public are vitally inteiested in tins mat-
ter. Gentlemen ask why we should supply the
citizens of Washington with water. We must
do it to meet the public emergencies here. The
United States own ten million dollars worth of
propeity m this city, and the most valuable lec-
ords of our nation are here. We have a popula-
tion here now of fifty thousand inhabitants, and
eie long, in the progress of our country, iliat pop-
ulation will probably amount to two bundled
thousand. The recoids of the country are grow-
ing daily and daily more important, and every
gentleman heie knows that there is not now the
necessary supply of water to extinguish fires, to
protect the public buildings, and to satisfy the
wants of the public men here, to say nothing of
the convenience of the inhabitants of the city. It
behooves us, therefore, not to abandon this plan.
Shall we throw away the $100,000 already ex-
pended, or shall we continue the work? I am
not prepared to say that the appropriation recom-
mended by the Senate is not too large; but they
had all the information before them; they had the
recommendation of the Secretary of War, under
the direction of the President of theUnited States;
and upon that information they say that this ap-
propriation is necessary to carry on the work on
the plan adopted by the President, under author-
ity of law. Why, then, should we abandon that
plan now, and refuse to vote this money ?
The appropriations heretofore made have been
ascertained not to be sufficient. The proposition
is to furnish ten million gallons of water daily to
this city, which is needed when we take into the
account that the city comprises an area of five
miles in extent, and its great importance to the
nation—how important it is that the city should
be supplied with water, in order to the preserva-
tion of the public records, the protection of your
public edifices, and the property of the country,
which is valued at about $10,000,000 
[Here the hammer feli.J
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. In order to
test the question upon the amendment itself, I
withdraw the amendment 1 offered.
jVJr. BARRY. 1 move to amend by adding
$1,000.
The point involved in this discussion is simply
this, whether or not the aqueduct shall be con-
tinued? As has been stated, this work was begun
under authority of Congress. The President was
authorised to select a plan for the purpose of sup-
plying the cities of Washington and Georgetown
with a supply of water, and an appropriation
made to begin the work. The President selected
the plan of an aqueduct from the Great Falls, the
specifications of which are in this report of Lieu-
tenant Meigs. The appropriation has been ex-
hausted, an additional appropriation is required,
and we find ourselves discussing the relative value
of different plans, as though the person to whose
discretion Congress had intrusted the selection of
a plan had not acted, or had acted unwisely. If
this course is pursued, there can be nothing safe
or stable m the progress of public works. At
every session of Congress, influences will be
brought to bear to induce the abandonment of the
plan already adopted and in progress, for the
adoption of another, in the opinion of its advocates
cheaper, or otherwise preferable. Nothing can
be achieved m this way.
If it was wise originally to refer the selection
of a plan to the President and Secretary of War,
it seems to me consistent to adhere to the plan
they have adopted, unless there is shown eminently
good reason for its rejection.
No such reason I think has been offered. Esti-
mates have been referred to, which I think wholly
erroneous. Lieutenant Meigs reports that a seven
feet aqueduct supplying thirty-six million gallons
ofwtuer daily, will cost, completed, $1,921,244.
Thirty million gallons more of water can be sup-
plied at an increased expense of $350,000, making
$>2,271,244, and allowing ten per cent, upon that
sum for contingencies, we have $2,498,368, the
entire cost of the woik.
The Hock Creek aqucduct, by the estimate of
the same officer, will cost, completed, $1,258,863,
with a daily minimum supply of nine million
eight hundred and sixty thousand gallons, one
seventh of the supply of the Great Falls plan,
at one half of the expense.
Another objection to the Rock Creek aqueduct
is, that the cieek being but a small stream, its
waters may be rendered impure by manufactories
that may be established upon its banks above the
reservoir. The cultivation of the land on its
banks will make the water muddy and impure.
The supply from the Potomac is exhaustle.ss, and
the uater as fine as any in the world, and, from
its great volume, little apt to be injured by any
cause.
Shall we now go into a discussion of all the
various plans, as though the subject was under
discussion for the first time'1 They were all
brought before the Committee for the District of
Columbia some months since; and the committee
de'eimined that, as the officers to whom the se-
lection of a plan had been referred had acted, it
was not a case that required our interference,
and that we would report the estimates for the
plan adopted rather than suggest a new one. The
power and the right of Congress to make the
change are unquestioned; but the expediency of
doing so, unless it is determined to abandon the
construction of the water-works, is the question.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I do not agree
with the honorable gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr, Barry,] that the fact of the President's
having approved the plan of the engineer which
