564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 7,
and paraphernalia—was it necessary for him, I
gay, to carry instruments and to survey the road?
For what purpose? Was it necessary for him to
survey it before he could tell what it would cost
to make it passable for wagons? Certainly not, sir.
It was not requisite to make an instrumental sur-
vey of such a road. And we have an estimate
which, it seems to me, ought to be regarded by
this House as the very highest source of informa-
tion.
Mr. FLAGLER. There appears to be some
difference of opinion on the part of gentlemen m
regard to the matters relating to this somewhat'
remote Territory. I should be glad, therefore, to ,
hear from the gentleman representing the district j
concerned as to the facts of the case. Other gen- !
tlemen besides myself would regard with great re- ;
spect his opinion on the question. !
Mr. PHILLIPS. Will the gentleman over the j
way [Mr. Flagler] permit me, in reply, on be- 1
half of the Delegate from New Mexico. It iswell 1
known that he does not possess the use of our lan- j
gua^e, but if the gentleman desires it I will read \
a letter from him. i
Mr. Phillips then read the following letter from
M. Gallegos, Delegate from the Territory of New
Mexico:
Washington, February 20,1^54.
Sai: Anions; tho communication* >eni}oub) the Sec-
retort of War in relation to ioa<N m Now Mexico, f wish
to call jour attention to the letter fiorri Colonel Simmer.
Re has traveled over the roads of which he speaks, and is,
theretore, well qualified to judge ot the necessity oi the ap-
propriations usked for.
To repair and make the roads proposed by Colonel Mans-
field, and in the manner proposed by him, would nut <jo<t
less than .^DO.OOU, much of which duos  not now need to be
expo n ded.
The appropriation of 20,000 is to repair the road between
Santa F6 and Taos, via Sierra GuiILt and La Joj a, winch
is the shoiteat and besst of the three roaun running between
Santa F * and Taos
The $1-2,000 required for the road frou) Dona Aila to
Kauta F<S is proposed to be expended in sinking well-. The
road is a veiy uood one, and a Want of water the oniv ob|ee-
tion to ti riveting over it, excepting two or three ravines that
can be made passable at a vety tMnall expense.
Yen re>pccuully, your obedient ^civ.mr,
J. M. GALLEGOS.
The CHAJRMA N. There being no motion to
commit the bill, it will be laid aside, to be reported
to the House.
It way so ordered.
LAND DISTRICTS.
The CHAIRMAN. The next bill in order is
the bill to establish additional land districts in the
Territory of Minnesota.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That is not the bill in
order. The next bill is the railroad bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed by
the Clerk that the bill, the title of which has been
stated, is the next bill that was reported.
Mr. HENN. Read the substitute.
The original bill was then read.
It proposes that four additional land distnetsbe
created, and that the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, appoint a regis-
ter and receiver for each of faid districts. Also,
that the lands within the district shall be brought
into market and exposed to sale, upon the same
terms and conditions of other public lands of the
United States.
The substitute, which was reported by the
Committee on Public Lands, was then read. It
proposes the accomplishment of the same object,
but varies the phraseology and terms thereof.
Mr. RICE. I will state to the committee that
there ate about twenty milPons of acres of land
in the Territory of Minnesota*, either surveyed or
subject to survey. There are between three and
four hundred townships already surveyed, and
upon those townships there are some two or three
thousand inhabitants, hut theie lm« been no pro-
vision made to enter their lands. The matter
was laid before the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and he prescribed the boundaries of
the districts. They run from the Mississippi to
the Missouri rivers, about three hundred miles.
The bill is so worded, that as fast as the lands are
entered upon the Mississippi, the President of the
United States can remove the land offices back,
and thereby save the necessity hereafter of cre-
ating: new land districts and new offices.
It is important that the bill should be passed at
once; and if it be not so passed, the time limited
by the preemption law wiU expire, and persons
who have located upon these lands will lose their
improvements.
The question was then taken upon the substi-
tute, and it was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Is it in order, at this
time, to make a motion that the committee rise ?
The CHAIRMAN. Such a motion would be
in order.
Mr. DAVIS. I then make that motion; and,
if the House will allow me, I will give my reasons.
These are important bills—more so than many
which are upon your table. We cannot act
understanding^ upon them without having them
printed. I make the motion for the purpose of
testing the sense of the committee. Should the
Committee rise, I will then move, or suggest to
the chairman of the Committee on Territories to
move, to fix Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thurs-
day of next week, for the further consideration of
these territorial matters.
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The Chair
would state to the gentleman from Indiana, that
debate is not in order upon a motion that the
committee rise.
Mr. DAVIS. I am aware of that fact.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There is no necessity
for the committee rising. The bills which have
been reported are short; and if gentlemen will pay
attention when they aieread, they can understand
them. If they are opposed to the bills, and a ma-
jority of the committee are against them, let them
vote them down; but if that majority is in favor of
them, let them pass them. The same difficulty
will arise next week that now presents itself.
Gentlemen will then say they have not time to
consider the bills.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must also re-
mind the gentleman from Illinois that debate is
not in order upon this motion.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 desire to inquire whether
it will be in order to ask that a letter from the Sec-
retary of Wai, sent to me as a member of the
committee, in regard to this road between Taos
and Sante Fe, may be read?
The CHAIRMAN. It would not be in order.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Dams, and decided in the negative.
So the committee refused to rise./'
The bill under consideration wajr then laid aside
to be reported to the House. _ j
GRANT TO MINNESOTA FOR A RAILROAD.
The committee next proceeded to take up and
consider Senate hill (No. 138) to aid the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota in constructing a railroad for
military, postal, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to know
whether the bill is to be read through for informa-
tion or for amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It will not be open to
amendment until it is read by sections.
The Clerk then read the bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. This bill proposes to
<X>ant land, exclusively under the charge of the
Territory, to the Territory, for the purpose of
constructing a road. The len^'h of the road is
about two hundred miles. The amount of land
that the Territory will obtain by the grant is be-
tween five and six hundred thousand acres. A
portion of the road runs from the head of naviga-
tion on Lake Superior to St. Paul, on the Missis-
sippi river. The Government is interested in that
road, and the Secretary of War, in a letter to the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
recommends this donation.
I will state to the committee that a portion of
the road between St. Paul and Lake Superior, and
a most important portion of it, runs through a
section of country where it will cost but little
more to build a railroad than it would to make a
common road. The road runs through what are
called in that country " tamarac swamps;" and
a common road, such a one as the Government
could transport its troops, munitions, and mails
upon, would have to be thiu.vn up to such a
height, that the only difference in cost between
it and a railroad would be the mere expense of
laying: down the rails.
These swamps prevail, T underlain', in a laree
portion of the interior country through which the
road would have to pass. I know nothing about
it myself, and my information is of course derived
from others. In view of this fact, the Secretary
of War recommends the donation proposed in this
bill, for the purpose of making this road, to the
Territory.
I have nothing to say about the policy of grants
of this description. That has been sufficiently vin-
dicated by other measures that have passed Con-
gress. _ 1 hat the Government will lose nothing
i under it is too clear a proposition for discussion.
There is no doubt that it will be advantageous to
the Government, because the Government will
have to construct a road there of some description,
and must do it very speedily. The distance be-
tween the head of navigation of Lake Superior and
St. Paul, on the Mississippi river, is one hundred
and twenty miles. When your troops at St. Paul
have to be taken to the point on Lake Superior
from which this road starts now, instead of going
1 across the country a distance of one hundred and
twenty miles, they must travel some fifteen hun-
dred miles from one point to the other.
There is, then, every reason why the Govern-
ment should make this donation, in order that this
road may be speedily built; and while you are
building a road—and I apprehend it is absolutely
necessary that one should be built—it will be a
great saving to the Government to build one of
this description instead of any other. That is all
I desire to say upon this subject.
Mr. FULLER.. I should like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories whether he
regards a territorial government as of that perma-
nent character, and as possessing powers that
make it proper for this Government to donate to
it public lands for the purposes of improvements?
Whether that territorial government can contract
loans, and enter upon works of internal improve-
ment of a permanent character, and which must
necessarily involve time and great expense to con-
summate? Whether the design of the forma-
tion of a territorial government for a mere infant
State, until the Territory shall have become suffi-
ciently populous that it may organize and form
itself into a State assuming the responsibilities in-
cident thereto—whether this minor, if I may use
a figurative expression, is competent to enter into
such permanent works of internal improvement?
I merely throw this out as a matter of inquiry
upon which I should like to hear the gentleman's
remarks, for I have not examined the organic law
forming that Territory. And I should like to in-
quire whether there is an instance in our legisla-
tion where there has been a grant of lands by
the General Government to a territorial govern-
ment, to enable that territorial government to enter
into works of internal improvements?
Mr. RICHARDSON, I will answer the gen-
tleman with a great deal of frankness and readi-
ness. I am able to do so. The Government has
granted land as the gentleman suggests. If the
gentleman will look into the legislative history of
i this country, he will find that the Government
j made a donation of the public land, m alternate sec-
| tions, to Wisconsin, when it was a Territory, for
i the improvement of Fox and Rock rivers; and
1 also to Iowa, while it was a Territory, for the
1 improvement of the Des Momes river,
i Mr. FULLER. 1 desire to ask the chairman
j of the Committee on Territories whether these
; grants which were made to the teintonal gov-
: ernmenta—constituting them the donees—were for
j the purpose of making these improvements, or
J whether certain lands were not reserved for edu-
; cational purposes, as part and parcel of the public
l domain ?
| Mr. RICHARDSON. I have already stated
■ to the gentleman that the land was granted to the
Territories m alternate sections for the improve-
ment of the rivers which I have named. The
propositions then passed by Congress were pre-
cisely similar to the one under consideration. I
am not at all speaking about what was given for
1 educational purposes. I am talking about the im-
provement of Fox and Rock rivers, in Wiscon-
sin, and the Des Moines river, in Iowa. I hope
the gentleman is answered.
Mr. WADE. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories about the
location of this road. I want to know the dis-
tance from the commencement of it to the south
line of the Territory of Minnesota?
Mr. RICHARDSON. About two hundred
miles.
Mr. WADS. How far is it from the south
