1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
brings the water from the Great Falls, should deter
us from rejecting this appropriation, if it appeals
to be our duty to do so. We are now asked
to indorse the President's approval of this plan;
for it is the first time that the character of the
plan has ever been considered by this House.
The first appropriation was made to be expended
according to such plan as he should adopt. The
plan was not then adopted, but we will approve
it if we vote this appropriation of a half million
of dollars. Now is the proper time to fight it.
Now is the time to say whether we will sanction
so immense an expenditure, by permitting the
work to continue, when water may be supplied
at so much less expense. Now is the time to put
a stop to this reckless waste of the public money.
The action of the President does not commit us.
If he has been misled into the adoption of a scheme
of waste and extravagance, it is our imperative
duty to stop it by wuhholding'the appropriation,
as we have an undoubted right to do.
In regard to the Rock Creek plan, I may be per-
mitted to refer to the report of Colonel Hughes,
which I have in my hand. Colonel Hughes is
known to many members of this House to be one
of the most able and experienced engineers of the
country. He made a most thorough leconnoia-
sance of the Hock Creek stream, and his leport
is very able and satisfactory. He says, in regard
to the water:
"The water of Rock Creek i° pure, cool, and pleasant
to the tastp. In alt of these particulars U is unexception-
able For analyst!) of this and the water of th : Potomac
above the, LuitU1. Fulls, see the annexed paper by Dr. For-
mat!, of the Smithsonian Institution.
<k By measurements of the stream, made in the manner
before described, we obtained the following results of its
daily discharge :
On Hoyle's farm  22,021,080 gallons.
At proposed dam  22,0110,000 (<
At Ciaggett's ford  17,067,616 «
Above Jones's dam     13,693,312 is
" It is u-nial, in estimating for the supply of a town with
water, to allow to each'Soul thuty gallons daily. Tins b
the highest calculation I have seen, ami is, no doubt, ample
for nil the uses oi a city, except tor manufacturing pur-
poses.
" According to the recent census, Washington city con-
tains forty thousand and twenty-seven inhabitants. This
would reqmr« lor present wants one miffion two hundred
thousand eight hundred and ten gallons of water daily. It
i>, therefore, perfectly apparent that a most abundant sup-
ply ol water can be procured from lloek Creek on the plan
I have proposed. An allowance ot one million five hun-
dred thousand gallons daily mav be regarded a? a very lib-
eral supply for the present, and to meet tins the. capacity of
the distributing re«eivoir might be reduced to five million
gallons, which would greatly diminish its cot>t. I have,
however, estimated tor one of larger dimensions."
Colonel Hughes estimates the whole cost of con-
structing the works upon this stream at less than
a half million of dollars. If there be any doubt
as to the correctness of the estimates for construc-
tion , there certainly can be none as to the capacity
of the stream to furnish a good supply of the best
water. Colongy Hughes is sustained, too, by
many eminent civil engineers, who have examined
it, and this question is, therefore, beyond dispute.
If I remember correctly, Captain Meigs, in one
of his reports, speaks of the hurried manner of his
examinations, from want of time, and does not
claim for his estimates perfect accuracy. Sir, such
a survey and such a project should be the study of
a whole year, instead of two or three months.
His examinations could not have been more than
cursory, and I have no doubt the scheme was
rashly conceived and rashly adopted. The esti-
mates cannot be reliable, and the work never can
be executed for $2,300,000. This declaration is
not made upon my own judgment alone. 1 have
not conversed with a single engineer outside of
the Army, who does not fully sustain me. Why,
sir, it will take sixty million of bricks to construct
the conduit alone. He has, 1 learn from the pub-
lic papers, already contracted fur forty million at
ten dollars per thousand, dependent, however,
upon Congress making an appropriation to pay
for them. These are for the aqueduct alone. The
foundation upon which the aqueduct is to rest, the
masonry to carry it over the ratines, the excava-
tions, the reservoirs, the land condemned, the dam,
machinery, and other parts of the work will be
equally costly. If the laying of these sixty mil-
lions bricks cost as much as those laid in the Cap-
jtol—and I presume they will cost more—the naked
conduit alone, exclusive of excavation arid foun-
dations, will consume fully one half of the sum
estimated. Why, sir, no man with the slightest
practical idea of the character of this work, and
the nature of the country through which it is to be
constructed, can believe for a single moment that
any reliance is to be placed upon the estimates pre-
sented to us. Why, sir, I have been informed
that they are now, or have been, paying as much
as $7 50 per cubic yard for some part of the ex-
cavations which are necessary to be made.
Mr. HILLYER. Seven dollars and fifty cents
per cubic yard?
Mr. STANTON. Yes, sir; $7 50 per cubic
yard.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is under
military superintendence.
Mr. STANTON, t'hat surprises the gentle-
man; but let me state my authority, for if not
true, then I have been misled. A gentleman,
knowing that a select committee of the House had
under investigation the subject of employing mili-
tary men to construct such works, came to me and
told me he was prepared to prove that the exca-
vations were being made at a cost of $7 50 per
cubic yard. I do not know what is the character
of the excavation, whether through solid rock or
earth; but I presume it must be rock, it is a fair
illustration of the folly pursued in the construc-
tion of our public works, and demands the exer-
cise of the correcting hand of Congress.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania, offered a
pro forma amendment. ,
I am lr. favor of supplying the city of Wash-
ington with water. I think the fact that the Gov-
ernment has so large an amount of money invested
in public buildings, imposes upon us the obligation
of supplying the city vvith'water, if for no other
purpose than for the protection of those public
buildings. But if that object can be accomplished
by an expenditure of $000,000, 1 never shall vote
for an appropriation of five, or three, or even one
million of dollars to accomplish the same purpose.
Now, I undertake to say, from the information 1
have collected upon the subject, that with an ex-
penditure of $200,000, this city can be supplied
with water by forcing it up from the Potomac into
a reservoir upon the high grounds around the city.
A sufficient supply can thus be obtained for all the
purposes for which it will be required.
I do not believe, though 1 am not booked upon
the subject, that the great water works of the city
of New York, cost $5,000,000 .
Several Members. They cost $18,000,000.
Mr. WRIGHT. As one of the features con-
nected with this proposed plan for supplying this
city with water, we are told that here is an aque-
duct of some seventeen miles in length, which will
be built at. an immense cost, when that water could
be conveyed through iron pipes at one tenth or
one fifth of building the aqueduct.
But, sir, this scheme, like every other scheme
about this Capital, must be done upon a grand and
expensive scale. And why ? Because the money
comes out of the public Treasury. There is no
obligation upon the House to carry out any work
upon so grand and scientific a scale, as is pro-
posed to be done in this case. Do it upon a plain
—an economical plan—and with direct refetence
to the amount of expenditure upon it, and as
cheaply as it can be done. The fact that $100,000
has already been appropriated,furnishes me with
no argument for the continuance of a work upon
so expensive a scale as the plan which has been
adopted. The best mode is the cheapest mode,
and no person need tell me that an expenditure of
$5,000,000 is necessary to accomplish this object,
when it can be done for far less money; and when
every practical man in Congress, and out of Con-
gress, knows perfectly well that it can be done for
an infinitely less sum.
Mr. RIDDLE. I did not intend to have taken
any part m tins debate, though i confess that the
experience which I have had in the construction
of water-works, for onecity at least in this Union,
has led me to investigate the subject somewhat
fully, and that investigation has brought me to
a different conclusion from that expressed by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wright.]
Now, sir, when these propositions were first
presented to this Congress, I was under the im-
pression that the cheapest and best method would
be to bring the water m iron pipes, and, upon my
own responsibility, I wrote to the mostextensive
iion works in this country to ascertain what thirty-
inch iron pipe, carried a distance of thirteen miles,
would cost; and I ascertained that so great would
be the friction that it would not furnish a sufficient
quantity of water to supply two thousand'people,
and that it would cost $7 50 afoot. Now,'I say>
as a practical man, that in the end it "would be
much cheaper and wiser to construct an aqueduct
nine feet in diameter, which will not cost, through
an ordinary excavation,more than ten dollars per
foot, while it would furnish an abundant supply
for two hundred thousand people.
Now, Mr. Chairman, another word. 1 was
forcibly struck with the remarks of the gentle-
man from Mississippi, [Mr. Barry,] that if we, in
this House, attempt to decide which is the best
plan, we shall continually be changing. 1 think the
proper course was taken in the outset. We left
the whole matter to the decision of -the President
of the United States and Secretary of War, who
authorized a scientific man, a civil engineer, to
make a survey and estimates. This gentleman,
(Lieutenant Meigs,^ upon whose judgment I
have great reliance, called to his aid a practical
civil engineer, one who had been connected with
the Chesapeake and Ohio canal, and who stood
high m his profession. The result of„ the inves-
tigations have been given in an able report to Con-
gress. Now, sir, i should much prefer relying
upon the report made by these gentlemen, than
upon any information which I might derive from
ten years study of the subject. And i think this
committee would do much better to rely upon the
repou of those scientific gentlemen than to under-
take to decide this question for themselves.
Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. VANSANT. I do not know upon whofe
authority gentlemen base their estimates, as to
the cost ot their respective favorite plans. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania on my right, [Mr.
W right,] speaks of furnishing the city of Wash-
ington with wqterat a cost of $200,000. Another
gemleman, upon the opposite side of the Hall,
[Mr. Stanton, of Kentucky,] has declared that
$500,000 will be sufficient for all purposes in sup-
plying the city with water. Now, sir, if we look
to the expeneuceof other cities which have con-
structed works of a similar character, we shall be
able to arrive at something approximating to a
correct result. Two hui dred thousand dollars for
supplying the city of Washington with water!
Why, Mr. Chairman, the cost of laying down the
pipes for the net-work for the distribution of water v
in the city would cost $300,000 or $400,000, at the
lowest estimate. The net-work in the city of
Boston eo&t about $1,200,000. That of Philadel-
phia cost something like $700,000 or $900,000; and
that of the city of New York about $2,000,000.
And yet gentlemen talk about supplying a city
occupying so much territory as Washington, for
the small sum of from $200,000 to $500,000. Such
estimates, it strikes me, are most remarkable.
Mr. STANTON, o-f Tennessee. Idoriotun-
derstand that the Government is to carry the water
all through the city.
Mr. HAMILTON. The Government is to
lay the mam trunks.
Mr. VANSANT. Gentlemen have asserted
that there is no kind of reliance to be placed on
the estimates of Captain Meigs, for the respective
plans to bring water into this city. Now, 1 have
not the pleasure of a personal acquaintance with
Captain Meigs, nor do I know anything of his
reputation as an engineer, but he has had at least
1 suppose, the advantages of theory and practice
in ins profession. He has had doubtless before
him the experience and the estimates of competent
engineer m the survey of the Croton works, and
in their completion; of the Cochituate works, as
also of the water-works at Philadelphia.
Looking at all these works, and taking the city
of Boston as an illustration, 1 desire to answer
the argument of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Stanton,] who is a practical man in a por-
tion of this character of work, in reference to the
large estimate which he placed on the sixteen miles
of aqueduct, &c. Now, water is introduced into
the city of Boston from a distance of twenty miles,
exceeding the distance to the Great Falls four miles.
What did that work cost, including the net-work,
and also, including the purchase of very valuable
ground within the city, for the construction of res-
ervoir.*? One reservoir alone, erected on Beacon
Hill, the highest part of that city, cost upwards
of $509,000. It cost that amount because of the
high price of property on which it is located, and
