1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I ask leave of the
House to report the result of the conference be-
tween the committees of the two Houses on the
disagreeing votes on the Army appropriation bill.
[Cries of " Yes; go ahead !"]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Last night, or this
morning rather, the House concurred in the
second, fourth, sixth, and seventh amendments
proposed by the Senate, and for that reason the
committee of conference have taken no further
notice of them.
The first amendment proposed by the Senate
the Senate recede from. It is as follows:
Page two, line one, after the word " million," strike out
"and $28,497," and insert in lieu thereof "$-285,621 25;"
so as to make the clause read:
For subsistence in kind, $1,285,621 25.
The ninth amendment proposed by the Senate
the Senate also recede from. It is as follows:
For the construction of a military road from the Rio
Grande, neai El Paso, to the river Colorado, and for sinking
wells therein, $12,000, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of War.
The eleventh amendment of the Senate the Sen-
ate also recede from. That amendment was the
insertion of the word " properly " after the word
" actually," m the following section, as adopted
by the House:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to ex-
amine into and ascertain the amount of expenses incurred,
'and now actually paid, by the State of California in the
suppression of Indian hostilities within the said State prior
to the first of January, Anno Domini 1854, and that the
amount of such expenses, when so ascertained, be paid
into the treasury of said State : Provided, That the sum so
paid shall not exceed in amount the sum of $924,259 65 ;
which amount is hereby appropriated, out of any moneys in
the Treasury not othei wise appropriated.
The Senate recede from the thirteenth amend-
ment, which is as follows:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That the same allow-
ance m respect of rations be hereafter made to the military
commandant of the Schuylkill arsenal, in the Quartermas-
ter's Department, a? to the commandantsof the arsenals in
the Ordnance Department.
The Senate recede from their fourteenth amend-
ment, which is as follows:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That the provisions
ot the first section of the act entitled " An act making ap-
propnations for the support of the Army for ihe>ear ending
30th June, 1851," approved September 28,1850, granting
extra pay to the officers and enlisted men of the Army serv-
ing in Oregon and California, be extended to the officers
and men composing the garrison of the post of Fort Laramie
on the Oregon route, for the same period of time as was al-
lowed by the sixth section of the act ofthird of March, 1853,
to th« officcis and men of the two companies of regiment of
mounted riflemen that garrisoned Fort Laramie, and that
the provisions of the same section of the same act be also
extended to the officers and men composing the escort to
the Mexican Boundary Commission, while they were serv-
ing as such escort.
_ The fifteenth amendment is in regard to a re-
tired list for the Army. The Senate recede from
that.
The nineteenth amendment of the Senate is one
which proposes to increase the pay of the officers
of the Army. The House had previously passed
a bill increasing the pay of the rank and file, but
refusing to increase the pay of the officers. The
Senate recede from that amendment.
From their disagreement to the third amend-
ment of the Senate, the committee recommend that
the House recede, and that they agree thereto with
an amendment. The amendment is as follows:
For purchase of a site and construction of an aisenal at
Benicia, California, $93,4b5.
The committee of conference recommend to
strikeout "$93,485," and insert in lieu thereof
" $33,400," and in that shape that it be concurred
in.
The tenth amendment is the following:
For completing the Mendota and Big Sioux liver road,
in accordance with the estimates of the Secretary of War,
$52,475 68, to be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of War.
Provisions have already been made for survey-
ing that route, and this amendment is to make an
appropriation for the payment of the expense. It
was estimated by the Department that $52,475 68
would be required to complete it, and that sum
was, therefore, inserted m the amendment of the
Senate. But the committee of conference reduced
the appropriation to $25,OUO>that being the amount
which they believed could be properly expended
during the current fiscal year.
The twelfth amendment is to insert the follow-
ing section*
Sec.—, And be it further enacted, That the amount
winch may be found necessary to pay, under the act of
27th Maich, 1854, to the widows and orphans of the United
States troops who perished by the recent disaster to the
steamship San Francisco, be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwjse appropriated. And the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury Department be, and
they are hereby, authorized and directed to cause the
balance due on the books of the Treasury on account of
advance of payment of the United States Army, whose
widows and children may be entitled to the benefits of the
second section of the said act of the 27th March, 1854.
The committee of conference report in favor of
striking out that last paragraph which provides
that the additional pay which was given in ad-
vance of the sailing of the ship to those who were
lost, shall be deducted out of the eight months'pay
which was given to thefl* widows and children/
The law will then stand with the provision that
those widows and children shall receive the same
eight months' pay which is allowed to the survi-
vors. That is the report of the committee.
The sixteenth amendment of the Senate is the
following:
Sec. —. And be it-further enacted, That the act approved
September 2d, 1850, entitled " An act granting bounty land
to certain officers and soldiers who have been engaged in
the military sei vice of the United States," the act approved
March 92, 1853, entitled " An act to make land warrants
assignable, and for other purposes," and the act approved
February 23, 1853, entitled " An act to continue half pay to
certain widows and orphans," shall not be so con&trued as
to deprive any widow of thr benefits therein granted for
the services of the husband, though she may have married
again: Provided, That the applicant is a widow at the time
of making the chum.
The committee of conference report in favor of
retaining that amendment, with this proviso in
lieu of the one contained in the Senate amend-
ment:
Provided, That such party shall not receive pension
during coverture.
The committee of conference propose that the
Hou.se agree to the fifth amendment of the Senate, to
pay the adjudicated California claims, which matter
is explained as follows: By a la w recently enacted
'it was provided, that for the pay and equipment, as
mounted riflemen, finding their own horses and
forage, of the volunteers serving under the com-
mand of Captain John C. Fremont, m California,
during the year 1846, as appears by the muster
rolls on file in the War Department, and for the
subsistence and supplies consumed by said volun-
teers in said service, $168,000 should be appropri-
ated, out of any money m the Treasury not other-
wise appiopriated; and the Secretary of War was
authorized and empowered to appoint three com-
petent and disinterested officers of the Army to
examine and report to Congress upon all such
claims as may be presented for funds advanced
and subsistence and supplies of all kinds furnished
or taken for the use of said command, whilst thus
engaged in the public service; and for the ex-
penses of saidljoard of officers the sum of §2,000
is appropriated.
I will state to the House that it appears Captain
Fremont found himself m.California on the break-
ing out of the war, under peculiar circumstances,
being then at the bead of an exploring expedition,
and that he took his troops and certain volunteers,
and engaged in the war. i need not remind this
House of the services which he performed in be-
half of his country. He engaged, 1 say, the ser-
vices of certain volunteers, and came under certain
obligations to them. Congress passed an act
authorizing the Secretary of War to appoint three
competent and disinterested officers of the Army
to examine and report on ail such claims as might
be presented for funds advanced, and for subsist-
ence and supplies of all kinds furnished or taken
for the use of his command whilst thus engaged
in the service of the country, and appropriated
$168,000 for that purpose. These officers have
made the examination, and have reported. This !
authorizes the payment, but does not authorize the
appropriation of any money, because it is to be
paid out of the appropriation heretofore made by
Congress.
[Cries of " That's right! go on !"]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The committee of
conference propose to agree to the eighth amend-
( merit, of the Senate to carry out certain Indian
| treaty stipulations, and for other purposes. It is
a very long amendment. 1 can explain it instead
of having it read, if the House desires it.
[Cries of " State it; that's enough !5;]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I can state to the
House that it is in pursuance of treaties made at
this session of Congress with the Kansas &nd He-
braska Indians, and conforms exactly with them.
I must add, that there is an additional provision
to this effect, appropriating some $4,000 or $5,000.
Congress, in its various Indian treaty stipulations,
has made reservations for the use of the Indians.
The Indians have sold those reservations to the
whites. A very great number of muniments of
title have accumulated in this way, which are on
file in the Indian department, amounting, as your
committee ascertained, to bushels of papers in
separate slips. In being handled and searched in
the investigation, in regard to these muniments and
the transfer of them, the papers are almost worn
out. And the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
reports that it will be necessary to employ tempo-
rarily, in addition to the regular force of his office,
four clerks for the purpose of recording in a book
and preserving these muniments of title.
The amendment contains an appropriation of
$5,600 for that purpose. I am reminded by my
colleague on the committee, [Mr. Walley,] of
another item connected with this Indian appro-
priation of $3,200. I cannot now turn to it; but
if the House desires it, I will have theamendmenta
read over. The committee unanimously thought
that it was right. My colleague has just found it,
and I will therefore read it. I see that I was mis-
taken m the item.
For the payment of the expenses of the delegates of the
Creek nation of Indians, now in this city, $1,099 55.
These Creek Indians were invited on here in
order to make a treaty arrangement with them,
which has been done by the Senate.
The Clerk then read the seventeenth amend-
ment, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of War be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to receive and
cause to be placed on the files of his Department, such ad-
ditional muster rolls of the battalion of volunteers com-
manded by Lieutenant Colonel J. 0. Fremont, in Califor-
nia, duly authenticated by the proper officers, as have not
heietofure been received and filed, and to cause such cor-
rections of the muster rolls to be made in regard to the
periods of enlistment and terms of service and the omis-
sion of names ot the members of said battalion, as upon
satisfactory proofhe may deem right and proper, and as far
as practicable to correspond with the pay rolls of Major P.
B. Heading, paymaster of said battalion, wilh respect to
tlie period of service, so that all who have served in the
military service of the United States in California during
the late war with Mexico, whether under command of
naval or military officers, may be entitled to all the benefits
of all the acts of Congress providing for the enrollment of
volunteers in the Mexican war, provided that no payment
shall be made in consequence of this section beyond the
sum heretofore appropriated.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will state to the
House, that by virtue of an act heretofore passed
by Congress, the volunteers who served in Cali-
fornia, and whose rolls were in the War Office,
were directed to be paid. It was supposed at the
time that all the rolls were in the War Office; but
it turned out, on examination, that part of those
volunteers were marines. The House will recol-
lect that Commodore Stockton performed land
service, and had his marines acting on land during
the war. Portions of their rolls were therefore in
the Navy Department, and this simply directs,
under that law, a transfer of the rolls from the
Navy to the War Department, without any ap-
propriation additional to that heretofore made.
The twentieth amendment is as follows:
.#n<! lr it further enacted, That in the event that the
Secrt-taiv of War shall deem it inconsistent with the inter-
ests of the military service to furnish a sufficient poition of
the military buildings at Fort Leavenworth for the use of
the tenitoual government of Kansas, the sum of $25,000
shall be, and m that contingency hereby is, appropriated
lor the erection of puhlic buildings for the useof the Legis-
lature of the Territory of Kansas, to be expended under the
directions of the Governor of said Territory.
The committee recommend a concurrence in the
amendment ot the Senate.
We have now come to the last amendment,
which is as follows: s
Twenty-first amendment:
Jtnd le it further enacted, That the sums appropriated bjr
the act of March 3.3 849, for the removal and subsistence of
thp Mpnomonee-s, and for the estabhshineBt of a manual
labor school, &c.,for them, and now remaining m theTreas-
my, together with the sums foi pay of a miller heretofore
appropriated, be paid to or expended for the benefit of said
Menomonee Indians, according; to the stipulations of said
supplemental y and amendatory at tides.
There was a treaty to that effect with the Indians.
The money has been appropriated, but the De-
partment doubt, under the phraseology^ of theact,
its power to appropriate it, and the object of this
amendment is simply to authorize that expendi*
