566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
that lam prepared, whew called upon in a becom-
ing manner, to respond to the question. I do not
vouch for the truth of the statement; 1 only vouch
for the fact that the statement was made to me by
a highly respectable gentleman.
Mr BISSELL. What a mode is this of op-
posing propositions which are made here to aid in
the construction of railroads in that helpless Ter-
ritory! Is it statesmanlike ? Does the man who
adopts it act upon very enlarged and liberal prin-
ciples when he opposes such propositions with—
what? With an insinuation that there is some-
thing very dark, very suspicious, very fatal to the
bill in " my" bosom, if it could be known. What
is it? (i I shall not tell." Why? " Because I
am not called upon in a proper manner."
' Why, sir, the gentleman from Indiana has
chosen his own time and place to let it out, and
therefore, 1 take it, this is the proper time and the
proper place to answer the very pertinent ques-
tion which I put to the gentleman. I suspect that
"the time the gentleman would desire to give this
information would be after the defeat of this bill.
I suspect he knows that if the answer were to be
fiven it would not weigh a feather against this
ill. That is the construction I put upon it. But
what, I pray you, does it amount to, if a partic-
ular man does own a thousand acres of land, or
ten thousand acres of land, near the line of this
road? Of what consequence is it in carrying out
this great national scheme, or this great territorial
scheme, whichever you may please to call it, in-
tended, as it is, for the benefit of the whole coun-
try, and especially for the benefit of the Govern-
ment itself, as I shall presently show—I say, of
what consequence is it who owns the land upon
any particular point of the road ? Are we going
to take these things into consideration in determ-
ining what our course shall be in reference to
this bill ? Are we going to say, that because Mr.
A or Mr. B owns a thousand acres here or
there upon the line of the road, and has sold out
his interest for §1,000 advance since the com-
mencement of the session, that we shall therefore
resist the passage of the bill ? Are these the prin-
ciples upon which we are to legislate ? 1 trust not.
Here, sir, is a helpless Territory asking for our
assistance. Never has there been a Territory
organized by this Government which lias not
received the public lands belonging to the General
Government in the same form, to aid m the con-
struction of internal improvements in that Terri-
tory.
Mr. Chairman, when I first heard of the intro-
duction of this bill into the other end of this Cap-
itol—knowing that much importance wets at-
tached to the measure; knowing that it was an
important military road, and that it would become
of very great consequence to the Government of
the CJnited States in certain contingencies, as the
means of the transportation of troops and mu-
nitions of war; and thinking that in that view
of the subject I might perhaps be called to act
upon it as a member of the Committee on Military
Affairs in the House when the bill reached here,
in order that I might be prepared to act upon it
when it came up, 1 addressed a letter to the Sec-
retary of War, inclosing an exact copy of the
bill—-telling him that I understood it was urged in
part upon the ground of its necessity as o military
road, and asking him, in view of the, possibility
that the bill would come before the Committee on
Military Affairs, that he would favor me with his
views upon that subject. Here is his answer. 1
ask that it may be read by the Clerk, and then 1
have nothing more to say upon the subject. 1
ask the attention of the committee to it.
The Clerk read the communication, as follows:
War Depaktment, >
Washington* Fein uary 14, 18.54 £
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your letter of the 9th instant, accompanying Senate hill No.
13y, " to aid the Territoiy of Minnesota in const!uctmg a
railroad for military, postal, and other purposes*."
In reply to your inquiry as to my opinion of the probable
utility of the proposed load for military purposes, I will -Mate,
that to a people and Government like our own one of the
most efficient elewht^of military power must be railroads
leading from the seat ot'populauon and t-upplv to assailable
points on our frontier. The patriotism of the people will
render these Interior roads secure for the use of their own
Government, and would equally prevent them from beim?
made available by the eneiriv. The celerity with which,
by such means, men and munitions ui war may be concen-
trated at any point so connected with the interior of the
country, would render it unnecessary in such ca-^s K> call
the militia from their homes before the danger was mime
diate, and would reduce the period during which it would
; be necessary to maintain large garrisons to the time when
1 an attack imclit be netuallv jh'^atewpd. To these consid-
; erations nf general application mete are others winch bear
! especially on the ca>e piesented by >mi. And without at-
i tempting to enter mmuiely into the discussion of the ques
uon, f will offer some «t the more prominent views which
' seem to me to sustain the aigument lor the military value of
1 the proposed road to which you invite wy auejitmn.
Its terumiu* on Lake Superior is apartoi that frontier
where we are confronted with our most powerful neighbor.
The approach to it by land -rom the Mississippi river is long
and difficult. The other mode of reaching it. that is to tay,
through the lakes and by the St. Mary's river, would, in
the event of war with Great Britain, be too liable to inter
ruption to constitute a safe dependence. Until, then, the
country between Lake Superior and the Mississippi river
■shall be peopled and cultivated, tne land route from that
stream to the lake must, be looked to for the transportation
of troops, munitions, and supplies, and in this view the
li proposed railroad has much importance :w an element of
; military strength. The numerous and warlike savages and
naif breeds who inhabit that portion of the country wiU be
piobably under the influence of the Government which is
brought nearest to them by its. intercourse and means of ap-
proach, and therefore the communication which you pro-
pose would tend, in mv opinion, to give to the United States
ihe control of the Indians who would, if arrayed against
us, be a serious embaira^int'iit lo the seUL-iuent of the
couotiy, and a formidable ally to an enerm , in the event of
hostilities on that frontier. I herewith return the hill
f have the honor to lie, veiv respectfully, your obedient
servant, .TbiFF. DAY'Iri, Secretary oj War.
Hon. H. Bissell, House of Representatives.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, obtained the floor.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. 1 hope the gentleman
will yield me the floor for a few moments.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will yield the floor for a mo-
ment, but I wish to say a few words about this
bill.
Mr, LANE. I am not in the habit of troubling
i the House or the committee, but the first objec-
[ uon that \ understand the gentleman from Illinois
! [Mr. Bissell] to urge is, that the course 1 have
i pursued is illiberal legislation. Now if I under-
; stood the other gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
I Richardson,] the chairman of the Committee on
j Terutones, one point he made was, that the con-
; struction of this road would cost the General Gov-
; ernment nothing. Why not cost the General
| Government anything? VVijy, because it would
{ increase the value of the lahd. Now, from my
! knowledge of the effects of the construction of
| railroads, the land lying at the termini of the road
I is most benefited by the construction of it. The
j land in and around the termini of the road is more
| benefited by the grant than the land lying along
I the line. Therefore is it not an interesting ques-
tion as to whom this land belongs ? I put it to
each gentleman here; i put it to the honorable
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell,] whether
it is not an interesting qustion* If it be true that
the six thousand acres of the land upon the termi-
nus at Lake Superior belongs to an individual,
the Government is not to be so much benefited
by the construction of this road as if it owned the
land.
i made the statement here, and I repeat it, that
I have been credibly informed by respectable gen-
j tlernen from the Territory ot Minnesota, that this
j land isowned by individuals, or claimed by them,
i and that it has been sold or bartered m this city
; since the commencement of this session I asked,
I and I think, courteously, of the Delegate from
| Minnesota [Mr. Ricr] as to the facts: Have I
j been correctly informed? Does this land belong
I to individuals? Does it belong to the Indians, or
| does it belong to the General Government? It is
' a legitimate inquiry, if it would have the influ-
| ence suggested upon this floor. Does that six
S thousand acres of land belong to the General
'Government? And J presume that the contrary
! would have its influence, that we ought not to
! legislate here to make wealthy men more wealthy.
But, a«ain: The distinguished gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Bissell] complains of me for the
course which I have pursued in reference to this
subject. All I have to say to him is this: I shall
putsuemy own course, without reference to the
opinions of any man upon this floor. I am here
representing as intelligent a constituency as any
other memher. I feel that I know their wants.
I feel that I am much more ;>ble rt> represent them
than a gentleman from any other portion of the
country. I pursue my own course, responsible
to them, and not to the distinguished gentleman
from Illinois. If he is dissatisfied with my course,
I regret it; but he cannot undertake to dictate to
me here the course which I shall pursue.
r have stated these facts plainly, and said to
those interested that I have these names, and am
ready to give them at the proper time, in my own
opinion, I select the time and place, and no gen-
tleman here- can dictate to me the adoption of any
other course.
I have said here, and I repeat it again, that I
will resort to all honorable means to defeat every
bifl of this character—and why? Because I be-
lieve that in so doing 1 shall faithfully represent
my constituents. No one here has the right, then,
I think, to complain of the course which I have
pursued. If I lacked courtesy to the honorable
Delegate from Minnesota, he alone was interested.
I submit it to t^e members of this body whether
I did not courteously propound the questions
which I did? I regret to say that they were not
answered to my entire satisfaction.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I have a very few
words to say upon this bill, Mr. Chairman. I have
listened, with some attention, to the gentleman
from Indiana, supposing that he would respond,
and give the committee some information, if he
had any, in regard to the rumor which he thinks
should prejudice this measure.
I concur entirely with what was said by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bis&ell.] If this
bill is to be prejudiced on mere rumor, I put it to
this committee whether the gentleman from Min-
nesota [Mr. Rice] did not respond, as far as he
could, and give every information in his power.
If he did not, then I must have misunderstood
him; and I will give way now for any other in-
formation that is to be given. But I understood
that gentleman to say, that the United States had
not parted with its title to the lands at and around
the terminus of this road. Is thegentleman from
Indiana [Mr Lane] prepared to say that it has,
or that any man owns that land at the terminus,
or along the route ?
Mr. LANE. I say that that question has not
been answered to my satisfaction. •
Mr. TAYLOR. Then may I ask the gentleman
from Indiana whether he can say that the United
States has parted with its title to the terminus of
that road, or that any man owns it? and who told
him so ?
Mr. LANE. I will answer that question by
asking the gentleman from Ohio whether he can
state, from information derived on this floor, that
the land at and around this terminus now belongs
to the United States Government?
Mr. TAYLOR. I am bound to believe that it
does, from the statement made by the gentleman
from Minnesota, notwithstanding the rumors
mentioned by the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. LANE. 1 did not so understand it.
Mr. TAYLOR. And if the gentleman from
Indiana knows anything to the contrary, I desire
him to rise in his seat and state it; and I say to
this committee,that whether there are five hundred,
or a thousand, or fifteen hundred acres of land
about the terminus of this road, owned by private
gentlemen, that would not influence me to oppose
this project.
Sir, 1 vote upon higher grounds. This bill
stands upon the great principle which I advocated
the other day—the principleof aiding the Western
and the new States in the construction of railroads
for great national, as well as for State and terri-
torial purposes. I belong to that class of politi-
cians who believe that the General Government
has the power to construct works of internal im-
provement of a national character; and I look upon
this project as one eminently of that character.
What is it, Mr. Chairman ? If I understand it
aright, it is proposed by this bill, which has passed
the Senate, and which has undergone the supervis-
ion of the Military Committee of this House, and
is now before us, to connect the great Lake Supe-
rior, the most beautiful inland sea on our conti-
nent, with the Mississippi river, " the Father of
Waters," by a line of railroad about two hundred
and fifty miles long. It is a proposition to con-
struct a railroad for military, postal, and other put"
poses. It is a great national project. Shall this
great national object, which we are about to clothe
the Territory of Minnesota with power to carry
out, be disconcerted and destroyed on a mere ru-
mor suggested by a gentleman in this House, the
aim, or the object, or the substance of which he
is unable to give us? I should say not, sir. ^ If
there be anything fraudulent in it, anything
i wrong; if there be fraud, speculations by private
i individuals connected with it, and if there be agen-
tleman on this floor who knows anything of them,
