1276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
the large amount of embellished masonry of which
it is constructed. The reservoirs in Boston alone,
cost over $1,000,000; and all $long the iine of the
road property is much more valuable than it is
along the line of road where it is proposed to con-
struct the Potomac aqueduct, and yet the Boston
work when completed cost something less than
$5,000,000. The water debt is now greater than
that sum, because, in the beginning, the rent from
the water did not pay the interest on the original
water loans and the current expenses consequent
upon keeping the works in repair, &c.
Now, we will take New York as another illus-
tration. Water is brought into the city of New
York from a distance of forty miles, and yet
when the water was introduced—and gentlemen
to my left are very much mistaken in reference to
the cost of the Croton works—and distributed
through the mams, the cost was but little more
thar? $9,000,000. The whgle water debt now of
New York city is something like $13,000,000.
This augmentation of the debt has resulted from
the construction of improvements in the works,
their extension through the city, and in thefailuie
of the water rents to be equal to the payment of
the interest on the water loan, and the current
expenses of the woiks.
Taking into consideration the extraordinarily
great sums which so much contributed to swell the
cost of the Croton works—for civil engineering,
fortheHarlam river viaduct—which cost about
$1,000.000,—for bridging Manhattan valley, for
interest on water loan during the five years that
the work was progressing, &c.—and also expenses
incurred in the const!uction of the Chochituate
works, equally surprising, as evidenced in the
report of the Boston water board for 1852, I am
induced to believe that, by prudent management,
the cost of introducing water into the city of
Washington from the Great Falls of the Potomac
will not much exceed the estimate of Captain
Meigs.
Mr. PHELPS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment.
Mr. SKELTON. I rise to a question of order.
Is it in order for one gentleman to speak upon the
same side of the question repeatedly, when others
are refused the privilege of speaking at all upon
the question ?
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman is mistaken.
I was about to remark that I was opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. SKELTON. The gentleman has already
spoken on the proposition under consideration.
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir; not upon the propo-
sition under consideration, for it has but just been
offered by the gentleman from Maryland. It is
true that I expressed my opinion with reference
to the Senate amendment; but I have said nothing
about the amendment now pending.
But, ^ir, 1 have not taken the floor for the pur-
pose of entering into the discussion of this matter.
Mr. SKELTON. Then why not let others be
heard?
Mr. PHELPS. 1 have risen for the purpose
of making a suggestion to the committee, for the
purpose of expediting the transaction of business.
1 presume that the amendment of the Senate is in
the form which the friends of the measure desire,
and I presume, also, that those who are opposed
to the measure would as soon meet the question
upon the Senate's amendment as in any other
form. I desire, therefore, that the committee shall
come to a vote upon the adoption of the Senate's
amendment; and i would add that it is immaterial
how that vote results, for when we £0 into the
House the yeas and nays can be taken on the
amendment.
A Member. We cannot discuss it in the House.
Mr. PHELPS. I know that no discussion will
take place thei e; but there is a great desire, I sup-
pose, on the part of the members of the committee
to dispose of this bill; and I presume that the
mind of every member of the committee i§ made
up with respect to this proposition.
Mr. SAGE. 1 hope the gentleman from Mary-
land will now withdraw his amendment.
Mr. VANSANT. 1 withdraw it.
Mr. WALSH. The noble, generous, and ener-
getic character of the people of Washington must
be known to every member of this House.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman offer
an amendment ?
Mr. WALSH. No, sir; I was only going to
ask the Chair whether an amendment would be
in order to furnish the people of Washington with
coffee, tea, milk, sugar, and whisky for their
water. [Laughter.]
Mr. SAGE. I move to reduce the appropria-
tion §490,000.
1 listened with a great deal of attention to the
argument of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Vansant,] as to the cost of this work. 1 am
compelled to say that I am inclined to go against
this whole scheme, because 1 believe, after the ar-
gument of the gentleman from Maryland, and the
estimate made by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Stanton,] that the cost of this work has
been greatly underrated. J would much prefer
giving the citizens of Washington $100,000 direct-
ly, than going on and making appropriations from
time to time, which will, in the end,, amount to
six or eight millions.
1 desire to say, further, that I coincide with the
views expressed by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Millson,] vihen he said that he could see
no good reason why Congress should be called
upon to make this large appropriation. My con-
stituents have to pay for the water they use, and
I see no reason why the people of Washington
should not do the same thing. Such a project as
the one now under consideration, in taxing the
people of the whole country to bring in water for
the use of the people of Washington, and enrich-
ing them by enhancing*the value of their property,
is all wrong. 1 hope, before this question is
taken, that a full discussion may be had upon
this subject, as it is one which is quite new to
many of us. We ought to investigate the matter
fully, and discuss it in all its bearings, as the
work projected is a great and expensive under-
taking, which should require the most full and
mature consideration.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. In reply to the re-
marks of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Sage,] I beg leave simply to say, I do not think
that there is any corporation in any city of the
United States to whom more injustice is done in
the .precise line of argument used by the gentle-
man from New York than that of the city of
Washington. The Government of the United
States have more property here than individuals,
and it j's wholly fiee from taxation. Not only is
this property free from taxation, but a greater
portion of the persons brought here by the Gov-
ernment are also free from taxation. The gentle-
man from New York may come here, bring his
servants, carriage, and horses, and yet pay no
taxes for them.
A Voice. How is it ot the hotels?
Mr. BAYLY. As far as the hotels and board-
ing houses are concerned, the charges are pretty
heavy; but we have nothing to do with them. As
far as corporation taxes are concerned, I have
never paid a single cent 
Mr. WALSfi. 1 never paid a cent at home.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman has been more
fortunate in that respect than I have been. If I
had not paid my taxes, there is a process by which
1 might nave been obliged to pay them.
Mr. WALSH. I am fortunate in not having
any property upon which to pay taxes. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BAYLY. I will, not enter into an encoun-
I ter of wit with my friend from New York, be-
cause any man who does that would be like a man
taking up a pin-cushion full of pins and squeezing
it with his hand. J am too prudent a man for that.
I wish to say that I think the precise line of argu-
ment which the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Sage] pursued in respect to the corporation of
this city is most unjust and unfair. Weall know
the necessity that exists for supplying the city
with water m order to protect our public build-
ings. We all recollect how near the Capitol came
being burned down but two or three years ago for
the want of a sufficient supply of water. Is there
any reason upon the face of the earth, when we
bring a large population here exempt from taxa-
tion, and when we have also a large amount of
property exempt from taxation, that we should
not bear our portion of the burden ? I think not.
Mr. VANSANT and Mr. WHEELER ad-
dressed the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order. The question is on the amendment to the
amendment offered by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Sage ]
Mr. SAGE. I desire to withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. SKELTON. I object to its withdrawal.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment to the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SKELTON. It strikes me that this is the
time for discussion of this subject. 1 move, there-
fore, to reduce the appropriation $ 100. This is
the appropriate time, I repeat, for the discussion
of this subject; and 1 trust the committee will
not manifest too much impatience wh€n they re-
flect on the importance of the question under con-
sideration. I recollect, Mr. Chairman, when the
first appropriation of $£100,000 was made in this
Hall, it was made in a way that was not legiti-
mate, but in violation of the rules of the House.
It was made by indirect legislation, by merely
inserting an appropriation into a bill, while the
rules of the House require appropriations to be
made for the purpose of carrying out objects
already provided for by law. This appropriation
of $lt>0,000 was, I say, made in violation of the
rules of the House. That sum has been ex-
pended. There are various propositions now
before the committee, and we should judge which
of these propositions should be adopted in prefer-
ence to the others. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Hamilton] tells us 
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
New Jersey allow me to make a remark ?
Mr. SKELTON. I cannot yield the floor, as
I have but five minutes to express my views, and
I do not expect to get the floor again.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Hamil-
ton] tells us that this work is to be performed;
that the fiat has gone forth. What fiat, Mr.
Chairman? The President of the United States
has determined on the plan. But are we bound
by it because he has so determined ?
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 did not mean to convey
that idea.
Mr. SKELTON. But enough of that. I trust
we arenot bound to carry out this proposition. I,
for one, am opposed to these appropriations, and
to the construction of this work in toto. It has
been stated here that the supply of water is to be
sufficient to accommodate a population of two hun-
died thousand inhabitants. Now, I would like
to ask these men who advocate making appropria-
tions for supplying provisions for the people of
Washington, how long these are to be continued ?
That is the point to be determined now. Are we
to provide for this population for the term of a
hundred or a thousand years to come ? How long
will it be before they arrive at the age of adults,
and be capable of taking care of themselves, and
of providing for their own wants? I merely sug-
gest this question. Now to another point, which
1 desire more particularly to allude to.
The only argument that I have heard on this
floor in favor of Congress supplying the wants of
the population of the District of Columbia has
been, that we have n^vast amount of property here
which is not taxed, and that we pay no taxes here.
In reference to the question whether we do or do
not pay taxes, I do not think it is a point involved.
You can go to any city in the United States,
where you are nota permanent resident, and you
are not required to pay taxes. No man passing
through any county has a right to be taxed, and
hence this city concedes no privilege not conceded
m all the cities of the Union.
Another argument is, that the Government has
millions worth of property here which pays no
taxes to support corporation expenses. Let gen-
tlemen who take this ground answer me this
I question: What has created the value which prop-
| erty possesses in the city of Washington? What
; has enhanced the value of the farm lands sur-
! rounding this city from a few dollars per acre,
; which they bore when the public buildings were
! first located here, and raised them up to a value
. almost equal to those which surround the great
| commercial cities of Philadelphia and New York?
I It was the location of the public buildings here,
| and the expenditure of the public fund here, which
: has created the immense amount of wealth which
; exists in the city of Washington. What sustains
I the value of that property now? Talk to us
1 about paying no taxes upon this property here.
Does the Government pay taxes upon its property
anywhere? Does it pay taxes upon its property
in the cities of New York, Philadelphia, or Bos-
ton, or anywhere else in the United States? Cer-
