1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1277
tainly it does not, and upon the same princi- j
pie upon which we are urged to construct these i
works in this city, those cities have the right to 1
come forward and ask the Government to build
water-works for tl\em, because the Government
property in those cities is not taxed.
But, suppose we should remove these public
buildings from Washington, what would this
property be worth to the holders of it ? 1 speak
of the holders of the property, because they are
the only Individuals who reap a benefit from this
work, and get the good of it; for the landlords
take good care that the tenants shall not profit
by it, and the property-holders reap the exclu-
sive benefit of it. Sir, I would vote to-morrow to
remove the Capitol from this location; and I ask
gentlemen of what value would this property be
if the Capitol were removed from Washington ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I am opposed to the
amendment offered by the gentleman from New
Jersey. But I rose merely to propound a ques-
tion to the gentleman over the way, the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton.] It is,
whether the contracts for the excavation, which
he says were contracted for, were published ac-
cording to the law which requires, that before
contracts shall be entered into, they shall be ad-
vertised for? I wish to know whether, in rela-
tion to this aqueduct, the proposal was made
public?
Mr. STANTON. I would say to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, that 1 do not know that
any contract at all has been entered into for the
excavation. My remark was, that 1 had been in-
formed by a gentleman who came into our com-
mittee room, that he was prepared to swear to the
fact that he had been'upon the ground, had seen
and talked with the contractor, and that the con-
tractor was engaged in excavating some portion
of the woik at the rate of $7 50 per cubic yard.
I presume it was through rock; but even if it had
been cast-iron, it should not have cost that much.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 simply desiied to pro-
pound that question to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, and 1 will yield the balance of my five
minutes to the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Vansant.]
Mr. VANSANT. I wish to say a few words
in reference to this matter of the supply of water
for the city of Washington.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask the gen-
tleman to yield to me a moment.
Mr. VANSANT. (yield to the gentleman.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 wish to say
a word in reference to the argument which has
been advanced in regard to the payment of taxes
in the city of Washington. I have always been
liberal—at least I have been charged with being
so—in the matter of appropriations for the District
of Columbia. L think 1 have been as liberal as
any gentleman upon this floor. We have paid
largely of the corporate expenses of the city of
Washington. We have paved their streets, im-
proved their property, laid pipes for gas, and 1
have helped them build their City Hall. We are
continuing to assist them, and I hope we shall
continue to do so in a reasonable manner, as we
are the owners of a large property which pays no
taxes. I hope Congress will continue that policy,
in regard to furnishing the city with water, but
that we shall do it upon a reasonable plan.
Mr. SKELTON. If there be no objection, I
will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the Senate amendment; and it was not agreed
to.
Mr. BARRY. 1 do not propose to occupy the
attention of thecominittee further than to call their
attention to the estimates which have been made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the gentleman that there is no amendment pend-
ing upon which he can speak.
Mr. BARRY. I move to increase the appro-
priation $100.
' Mr. Chairman, if the informant of the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] is not mis-
taken, there is a very singular discrepancy in these
estimates. The work was to be contracted for,
as I understood it, at $25,000 for excavating six
thousand five hundred cubic yards of earth.
Now, if this contractor is paying $7 50 per cubic
yard for doing the same work, it seems to me
there must be something wrong somewhere.
Mr. STANTON. 1 understand it is not done
by contract.
Mr. BARRY. But if it could be done for that
by contract, it is certainly paying an unreasonable
price for the work.
Mr. STANTON. A contract was made for the
brick work upon the wings of the Capitol for
§2 49, but the contractor was released, and the
engineer went and employed hands by the day to
do the work; and this same work is now costing
08, which was originally contracted to be done
at $2 49, and it may be the same way in this case.
Mr. BARRY. If it be not an improper inquiry,
will the gentleman tell me who his informant was?
Mr. STANTON. I will tell the gentlema~n
privately. I do not feel authorized to speak of
him publicly before tke House.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. If the gentleman from
Mississippi will permit me, 1 wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky if I understood him i ightly
in saying that they were now paying $7 50 per
cubic yard to make these excavations? because it
seems to me that is certainly a very unreasonable
rate.
Mr. STANTON. I have been so informed.
Mr. TAYLOR. Rock or earth ?
Mr. HENN. I rise to a question of order. I
submit that the debate is not in order under the
34th rule of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the committee do now rise.
Mr. BARRY. I believe I have the floor. I de-
sire, however, only to correct one statement.
Mr, HENN. 1 insist upon my point of j
order. The 34th rule prescribes that when de- j
bate shall be closed any member shall be allowed i
five minutes to explain any amendment which he |
may offer; after which, any member who shall first j
obtain the floor shall be allowed five minutes to j
speak in opposition to it. Now, I submit that j
gentlemen are not confining themselves to the
amendments which are offered, and I insist that
the Chair shall enforce the rule.
Mr. SAGE. I move that the committee do now
rise.
The question was put; and the motion agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose;and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr.
Chandler] reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the Union generally under consider-
ation, and particularly the bill of the House (No.
132) to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the fiscal year ending30th June, 1854, with the
amendments of the Senate thereto, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to submit the following resolution:
Resoled, That when this [louse adjourns on Wednes-
day the 31st in-mnt, it will adjourn to meet on Thursday,
the 1st dav uf June, at 8 o'clock, a. m.; and that when the
llou-e adjourns on that day, it shall adjourn to meet on
Monday, June ."nil ; and that the doorkeeper be instructed
to renovate and refit the Hall of the House tor the summer
session.
There was no objection.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move the
following amendment:
Resolve*!, That the Clerk of the House be directed to
retnovethe chairs at present in the House, and to substi-
tute new ones, suitable for summer.
I now call for the previous question on the res-
olution and amendment.
The call for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question was ordered to be
put.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was then adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted, and
that that motion be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEPUTY POSTMASTERS.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the bill to
increase the compensation of deputy postmasters
be taken up, in, order that it may be referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
There was no objection, and the bill was ac-
cordingly taken up and referred to the Committee
on the'Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HILLYER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion waa
agreed to.
Thereupon the House adjourned (at three
o'clock and twenty minutes) till to-morrow at
twelve, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 23, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William £i. Miletjrn.
The Journal of yesterday'was read and approved.
PETITIONS.
Mr. TOUCEY presented a petition of sundry
citizens of New Haven, Connecticut, praying for
a reduction of the rates of ocean postage; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of Emma C.
B. Thompson, widow of Charles B. Thompson,
late of the United States Navy, praying to be
allowed arrears of pension due her late husband;
which, together with certain papers in relation to
the subject on the filesof theSenate, were referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SL1DELL presented the petition of Puig,
'Mir & Co., praying the remittance of certain du-
ties on two cargoes of coffee, imported by them
into New Orleans; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. CHASE presented additional documents
in support of the claim of Isaac Swain, to indem-
nity for the impressment of a certain vessel into
the service of the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
CONNECTICUT LEGISLATURE ON NEBRASKA.
AND KANSAS.
Mr. TOUCEY. W ith the consent of the Sen-
ate I desire to say a word of explanation in regard
to what was said in the Senate yesterday. The
resolutions of the Legislature of Connecticut,
which were discussed yesterday, were presented,
1 am sorry to say, in my absence. I observe, by
the report of the debate which sprung up on the
occasion, that my colleague fell into an error, as
he naturally would, in speaking of the Democratic
sentiment in the Legislature of the State of Con-?
necticut, as he is not particularly intimate with
that portion of his constituents. He is mistaken
in supposing that those resolutions received the
support of the Democratic members of the Legis-
lature. Not one fourth of the Democratic mem-
bers of both branches voted for them, and of
those who actually voted, more than two thirds
voted against them. No Whig voted against
them.
I am very happy, sir, to make this explanation,
because I am very well acquainted with that por-
tion of the people of my State who are represented
by the Democratic members. They are firm
friends of the Union and of the Constitution, and
the sentiments which are to be found embraced in
these resolutions cannot, in my view, receive their
support. I think that they will now, and at all
times, strenuously oppose them.
DRY-DOCK AT PENSACOLA.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, a report of
the Secretary of the Navy„in response to a reso-
lution adopted by the Senate in reference to the
dry-dock, basin, and railway at the Pensacola
navy-yard, was received somedays since, and, on
my motion, it was laid upon the table,and ordered
to be printed. That report has been received from
the printer, and is now lying upon our tables. I
move that it be taken up with a view to reference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the report of
the Secretary of the Navy, in response to a reso-
lution of the Senate calling for information relating
to the dock, basin, and railways at the navy-
yard, Pensacola, was received some five or six
days since, and was, on my motion, laid on the
table,and ordered to be printed. I observe, sir, the
'order has been executed, and copies of the report
furnished us. I therefore move it be taken from
the table, with a view to reference.
The resolution calling for the information was
adopted at my instance, and before moving a ref-
erence of the report to the appropriate committee,
I ask the indulgence of the Senate while I submit a
few remarks; for the report, in my humble estima-
tion, calls for the prompt consideration and action
of Congress, and the notice of the country. By an
act of Congress, passed August 3, 1848, the Sec-
