5.68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
and he believes that the gentleman from New
Yorlris in order. 4
Mr. SMITH. I ask no latitude, sir. I am will-
ing you should hold me as strictly to the subject-
matter as if I were discussing it in the House,
and not in this committee. 1 have yet to learn
{and I think I may add that they who know me
'Jlave yet to learn) that I am addicted to wander-
ing from the subject under discussion. Prom
having long trained myself to the most careful
confinement of myself to the subject in hand, I
hope not to be found guilty of oitending against
nay habit, and against confessed propriety in this
respect. But, sir, I am aware that many gentle-
men appear eager to speak on this occasion; and
that there is not an hour, nor a half hour, for each
of us. I will therefore bring my remarks to a
close; 1 would be just and generous in my use of
our common time.
It is said that railroads are necessary to enable
the poor to get to the public lands. Admit it.
Nevertheless, there will be railroads enough for
this purpose without Government giving to the
rich the lands that belong to the poor. *1 he poor
ask no such left-handed help as this from Govern-
ment. The poor have no faith in the maxim, that if
"Government will take care of the rich, the rich will
take care of the poor. In demanding the public
lands of Government the poor demand only what
belongs to the poor; and if Government will yield
to this demand, the poor will either provide them-
srtves with railroads, or they will make it the in-
terest of others to provide them.
Mr. CAMPBELL addressed the committee in
remarks maintaining the constitutionality and good
•policy of making such grants as provided in the
'bill. [His remarks, withheld for revision, will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, obtained the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman
from Virginia yield me the floor for a single mo-
ment?
Mr. BAYLY. Certainly, if I do not lose the
floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to say but one
or two words to the committee. We have but
three days set apart for this territorial business;
and while I do not desire to stop the debate upon
this bill until every gentleman who is opposed to
it, and who may wish to do so, can be heard, if
it were possible to do so, I think that it is im-
portant we should stop the debate so that we may
.either adopt or reject this bill, and then go to the
consideration of the others. Some are important,
and we desire to pass them. It is important, too,
that we should pass them now. I desire to give
notice at this time, that when the committee rises
I shall move to limit the debate to some period
to-morrow, so as to afford an opportunity for the
discussion of the measure under consideration
during the day.
Mr. BAYLY. I beg leave to say to my friend
from Illinois that I had not the slightest expecta-
tion of speaking in this committee for the consid-
feration of territorial business. I am impelled to
do it only by the course of remark of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell.] I am free to say
in entire candor to this committee, that although
I can go on now, I would prefer to delay my re-
marks until the morning. I have not the material
with me now.
Mr. BRIDGES. I move, then, that the com
mittee do now rise.
Mr. ORR. I desire to submit a few remarks
on this bill. I can do so this evening, if it be
agreeable to the committee.
Mr. BAYLY. If it be understood that I do
not lose the floor, I should be glad to yield to the
gentleman. I have been taken by surprise.
Mr. BRIDGES, by unanimous consent, with-
held his motion that the committee do rise.
Mr. ORR. I do not propose to occupy more
than five or ten minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can oc-
cupy the floor, and in the time of the gentleman
from Virginia.
Mr. BAYLY. I have no objection to that.
Mr. ORR. Mr. Chairman, while I am in favor
of the general principle of donating alternate sec-
tions of the public land for the purpose of con-
structing railroads, I am opposed to Uiis bill. In
the first place, I object to it because in the first
lines of the first section it states the grounds and
principles upon which the donation is made dif-
ferent from the true grounds upon which it has
heretofore been and now ought to be placed. It
is declared in the first section of the bill that for
the purpose of 'facilitating the transportation of
mails, men, and munitions of war there be and is
hereby granted, &c. Now, sir, while I will not go
into the argument's to the power of Congress to
make the grant for such a purpose, I think the
true ground to place the donation of lands For rail-
roads in alternate sections upon is that of the pro-
prietorship of this Government over the land , and
that the donation as made is proper, as it will in-
crease the value of the reserved sections.
If it be necessary that a road shall be con-
structed from these two points for military pur-
poses, then, sir, I desire that a road may be con-
structed such as has been constructed in other Ter-
ritories, and for similar purposes. I am not in
favor of changing the practice of the Government
by building railroads for military purposes now,
when we have pursued the practice of building a
common highway for such purposes for the last
fifty years.
1 do not believe, then, looking at this question
in a military point of view, that a railroad is neces-
sary to connect the two points indicated m the
bill. There is only a remote probability that such
a road, if built, would ever be used to transport a
single soldier or munition of war. Neither troops,
provisions, or munitions, are ever likely to be used
by the Government along the line of this road.
What is there in all this region of country which
would invite the construction of such a road?
There is a very sparse population along the line
of the road, and in some localities there is no pop-
ulation to use a road or enjoy its facilities. There
is very little commerce there, and I do not perceive
the slightest necessity for its construction, for
either military or commercial purposes. If it be
desired to throw troops on Lake Superior, we
have the facilities of navigation on Lake Superior.
At the last session of Congress we passed a bill
granting to the State of Michigan five hundred
thousand acres of land for the purpose of con-
structing a canal around the falls of Sault Ste.
Marie, in order that the navigation between Lake
Superior and Lake Michigan might be opened.
This navigation between the lakes will be opened
in a very short time, as that canal is in progress
and approaches its completion; and if it be desired
to throw troops or transport provisions or muni-
tions of war in any direction in that region, you
will have that means of communication.
Mr. RICHARDSON, (interrupting.) I stated,
when I was up before, that the distance between
St. Paul, on the Mississippi, and Lake Superior
was a hundred and twenty miles. Now, in order
to go by the route which the gentleman from South
Carolina proposes, you would have to make a
circuit of fifteen hundred miles to avail yourself
of the benefit of the improvement which the Gov-
ernment has aided to construct. The route would
be down the Mississippi river to Galena, then
across to Chicago, and then by the lakes—which
would be a very circuitous route.
Mr. ORR. I should like to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Illinois whether there is any necessity
for the communication between Saint Paul on the
Mississippi and Lake Superior? How many troops
will pass over that route ? How many barrels of
pork and flour will be transported between these
two points? What exigency can arise,that will
make it necessary to concentrate troops at the head
of Lake Michigan, and if it should arise; where is
there any probability that the troops would have
to come from the direction of St. Paul ? Is not the
whole of the Lake Superior and Lake Michigan
shores a fine grain-growing region? Is not the
country on the Mississippi all along down by St.
Paul also a grain-growing region ? If it is desired
to supply the troops at St. Paul, you can supply
them from the Mississippi farms. If it is desired
to supply the troops at Lake Superior, yoH can
furnish them from the productions along the two
lake shores. Why, then, is itnecessary to provide
this means of transportation ? And is the remotely
contingent necessity such as to justify the Gov-
ernment in donating alternate sections to build a
railroad merely to accommodate troops and trans-
mit mails ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will state to the gen-
tleman from South Carolina why the construction
fcf this road is necessary. I understand that the
land along the lake shore, Lake Superior, is valu-
able for its minerals. And I will state to him now
that my understanding is, that at that point flour
is now worth §40 a barrel. They cannot get a
barrel of flour there at all at this season of the
year; and the only means by which they could
get there at all would be by connecting this road
with the Illinois road.
Mr. ORR. What do you want to make the
connection for? What is the necessity Of the con-
nection in a military point of view?
Mr. RICHARDSON. We want to make it for
the purpose of transporting troops there, and for
transporting provisions for them. The Indians
have possession of the country in the Territory of
Minnesota immediately on the lake. You have
to keep a military station there. You have not
extinguished the Indian title there. It is true, the
Indian title over in Wisconsin has been extin-
guished. You have kept a station there for fur-
nishing supplies to these Indians, under the stipu-
lations of the contract made with them; and there
is a constant necessity of passing from St. Paul
to the Mississippi and the lakes.
Mr. ORR. I do not see that the answer of my
friend from Illinois varies the question at all. 'I
cannot conceive the necessity of having troops
upon Lake Superior, because there are trading
houses and Indian agencies there; nor do I per-
ceive the connection between troops and mineral
lands. If you want to supply the miners with
provisions over a railroad from St. Paul, say so in
the bill; but do not represent that the construction
of the road is needed for military purposes, If
that is the use it is to be appropriated to. If troops
are stationed there, they have already all necessary
facilities furnished by that broad sheet of water,
Lake Superior, washing fertile shores, and con-
nected through Sault Ste. Marie with all the agri-
cultural West. But whether that is so or not, I am
not in favor of building railroads for the purpose
of providing for the transportation of men and
munitions of war. It is far enough for this Gov-
ernment to go to construct common roads.
Mr. BISSELL. Will the gentleman allow me
a word ?
Mr. ORR. I am myself occupying the floor by
the courtesy of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly.] , ,
Mr. BISSELL. I merely wish to say that the
propriety of granting aid to the building of these
roads is not solely or principally on account of
of their necessity in a military point of view.
Mr. ORR. Then the bill does not describe
truly the purposes for which it is designed.
Mr. BISSELL. What the framers of the bill
may have thrown in by way of preamble, or by
way of recital, does not, I think,become a substan-
tial'part of the bill. I do not think they weigh any-
thing against the bill. _ The framers may have
thought it strengthened it, but I do not. 1 do re-
gard the road as likely to become, in the future,
very important in a military point of view. But
it is not solely or principally on account of its mil-
itary necessity that I favor it. if there is no use
for the road, tnen, of course, it will never be built;
for men will not expend time and money in build-
ing a road, when there is as little necessity for it
as the gentleman seems to think.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman says if there is no
necessity for the road it will not be built. True;
but when the bill passes, the Legislature makes
Us selections; the remaining sections aremcreased
in value to $2 50—some of the land may be sold
at that price; and when the road is abandoned,
what confusion will not ensue? Ought we not,
upon the principle of granting lands to enhance the
value of the balance, to be satisfied that the road
is practicable and necessary, and that it will be
built, avoiding the loss to the citizen and confu-
sion to the Government which would ensue ?
Under the provisions of this bill, alternate sec-
tions on both sides of the road, for twenty miles,
may be disposed of by the Legislature of Minne-
sota. But what provision is there for the account-
ing for that money f Suppose they take the money
and do not appropriate it to this purpose, what re-
course have you ? T t.
But another objection to this bill is this: 1 be-
lieve a portion of this road runs through the In-
dian territory, the title to which is not yet extin-
guished. The upper terminus of this road, I
think, is in the Indian country. But of one thing
I am confident, and that is, whether the Indian
title is extinguished or not, the larger portion of
