1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1279
The contrartors were notified of the final instructions
from the Navv Department, and of the readiness of the
board to witness the operation of placing the Columbia in
the dock.
Thejournal will showtlie time taken to prepare and sink
the dock for the reception of the ship, with all the attend-
ant circumstances, up to the lime that the dock was raised
and pumped aut. The journal will also show the draught
of the dock at various points, and the exact amount of de-
piction from right hues, extending; along the keelson, and
the ends and sides, whilst the ship was in the dock; also,
the several draughts of water when the ship was removed.
Alter the dock, with the frigate Columbia on board, was
in readiness to be carried into the basin, the agents of
Messrs Gilbert & Secormade a verbal request to the board,
that her removal from the moarmgs to the basin might be
di&penced with. In answer thereto the board stated, that
its instructions left it no discretion on this point, and that it
otherwise desired that the dock should be hauled into the
basm.
In reply to this requisition a letter was received from the
agents, declining " to take the floating dock mto the basin,
with the present loaded vessel in the dock, for twoieasons,
viz: first, that there is not ten feet of water 111 the basin ;
and secondly, that the contractors have never proposed to
put the dock in the basin, bearing a ship with all her arma-
ment on board."
The board, in reply, stated, that if the agents persisted in
their refusal to take the dock into the basin, it would be
necessary that the ship «hould be released fr<">m the dock,
as soon a- the injuries which she had sustained by the dock-
ing operation have been repaired by the agents.
At the tune of refusal of the agent* it was high water for
the day, at which time there weie nine feet six and a half
inches over the gate sill of the ba-«in.
The greater draught of the dock was near the center of her
bottom.
It was nine feet six inches, and accurately obtained
under the immediate supervision of the board.
The board arrives at the conclusion, that tUu contractors
have signally failed to exhibit fully and to its satUlaction
the conveniency, power, and faithtul construction of their
floating dock, ba&in, and railway, and for the following
reasons:
1. That it weighs about 2,300 ions more than estimated,
which consequently increases ihe draught of vvatei two feet,
thereby interfering with its passage into the basin.
2. That by settling under the Columbia, when docked,
nineteen and a half inches, ftliat-ship weighing but y,L8o
ton-,) it proved that it was of inadequate strength, and alto-
gether incapable ot raising a ship of 5,300 tons weight, as
contracted for; this great settling also, by increasing the
draught of water, augmenting the difficulty ot a passage into
the basin.
3. That when the dock was sunk to twenty-three feet
above the working platform, (the Columbia being just on
the point of entering it,) it rose on one side three feet in ten
minutes, by a sudden and great loss of water in the chain
bers, although the pumps supplying the water were siill in
operation, thereby showing a very great leakage of the
tanks or pumps, orprobably both, and consequently an im-
proper construction.
4. That siKty tons additional ballast were necessary to
ink the dock, (the engines being worked to their higho&t
gauges,) it being evident at the same time that the engines
were unequal to linking it to a greater depth than that re-
quired to take in the Columbia, a ship of less than one-hall
of the weight contracted for.
5 That it was found very difficult, with the highest
gau e of steam, to lift the Columbia, owing to the leakage
already referred to, showing that the dock was incapable
of raising a sditp ot five thousand three hundred tons weight,
as contracted for.
6 That the contractors declined the test ot taking the
dock into the basin, on the ground that there wasadefi-
cieney ot water in the basin, ami that the contract did not
require it. The water at high tide was nine teet my and a
half inches above the granite courses at the bottom of the
basin, which would have been sufficient to have admitted
the dock, had its draught of water not been in<-ieased three
feet by the causes referred to.
The board cannot, theiefore, recommend that the whole
apparatus, or any part ot it, whether it be the balance float-
ing dock, basm, or railwav, he received by the United
States. The board having b«en also oidered to consider
the " advantage or disadvantage of that plan of docking
ships of the Navy," as compaied with other?, is of the opin-
ion that the balance fioaung-dock istar interior to the ordi-
nary stone dock, whether a  legards economy, safety, or
facility of operation.
The "estimate of the probable expense of working, and
cost per annum of repairing and taking care of the dock,"
and a report on the floating gate, the board will make the
subject of a separate and future communication.
We are, sir, respectfully, your obedient servants,
' JOdlAtI TATNALL,
Captain United States Navy,
WM. H. CHASE,
Major Uni'ed States Engineers.
S. T. HAJITT, Naval Constructor.
JAS. HEKKON,
Civil Engineer, Navy-Yard.
Commodore Joseph Smith,
Chief of the Bureau of I auls and Do&s.
Note.—The undersigned entertained the opinion that the
balance floating dock, basin, and railway, combined advant-
ages for repairing vessels not possessed bv the ordinary
stone dock, for the reason that two or more ships could be
repaned at the same time by the former apparatus, whilst
the stone dock afforded facility for the repair ot only one
ship at a time; and it was believed that equal economy,
safety, and faeilityofoperation would be obtained by either
mode. The undesigned lias changed his opinion; this
change is not due solely to the signal failure, on the part ol
the contractors, to perform what they promised m their con-
tract, which failure was principally due to error in calcula-
tion for displacement of the dock ; to the want of strength
in the dock ; and to the lack of sufficient depth of water in
the basin—but it was produced by ample evidence afforded
to the board, in the course of the opeiatiop of taking up !
the frigate Columbia, that, on the score of economy, safety,
and facility, the ordinary stone dock pos&ess-es superior
advantages.
-Taking tins in connection with the time and expense of
placing the dock in the ba in, and hauling the ship on and
off the railway, as well as considering the destructibihty of
the material of which the dock and a portion ol the railway
are composed, leaves no doubt in the mind of the under-
signed as to the correctness of the opinion unanimously ex-
pressed by the board in the premises.
WILLIAM II.CHASE, Major Engineers*
Columbus, Ga., June 11, 1853.
Commandant's Office, >
Navy Yard, Pensacot.a, Jvlu 18, 1853. J
Sir: The board for testing the floating dock, basm, and
railway, in iheir ieport of May a*, 18 3, relened to afuture
leport on the subject of the floating gate, and ot the proba-
ble expense of working and cost per annum of repairing
and taking caie oi the dock, which they now have the honor
to submit.
The lest of shipping the floating gate was made on the
30th of May.
The time occupied in getting it fioin its moorings at the
side of the Insiu to the position of shipping was one hour
and filteen minuses There were eight men employed m
the opeiation, the weath< i being unfavorable and water
lough. The gate proved to bo very crank, and required a
lever across if* gunwales, and considerable time and man-
agement to get u into the «iooves. ;
It could not be sank into its proper place, owing to the ,
sand having washed into the keel groove, and a little above I
it on each side. j
Jn regard to the cost of working the dock, the board can- I
not offer a correct estimate. All the circumstances attend- I
nig the docking of the Columbia, being different trom j
and veiy unfavorable, when compared with the coutempla- j
ted mode of vvoiktug tht1 dock, when the deep basin bhall j
be finished , !
in view of the rapid decay of wood in this climate, and
that the dock is now about three year< old, the hour^J are of
opinion that it will require twenty per cent, of the onginal
cost to keep it in outer, equivalent to a renewal in five
yeais trom the present time.
it now requires reeauikmg and painting.
We aie, bir, respectfully, vour obedient servants,
JOSIAU TATNALL, Captain.
WIJ. H. CHASE, Major Engineers.
S. T. IIARTT, Naval Constructor.
JAMES 11ERRON, Civil Engineer.
Commodore Joseph Smith,
Chief oj the Bui can of Yards an(L Docks,
Washington. D. C,
Their report speaks fnr itself, and I only ask at-
tention to one or two points nut. According to the
term® of the contract, a ship of five thousand three
hundred tons was to be taken into the dock and
basin and raised on the railways. The test made
with the frigate Columbia, weighing two thousand
one hundred .and eighty-five tons, cleat ly demon- j
strated that the capacity of tlse dock was inade- j
quate to do that which the contract stipulated.
The Columbia was only taken into the dock; the I
contractors declined to take the dock into the ba-
sin with the ship on board for two reasons: One
that there was not sufficient water in the basin;
and here l would ask whose fault was it there
was not sufficient water in the basin ? Surely
the contractors had engaged to construct a basin
of sufficient capacity in every respect wtake the
dock in with a ship on board weighing five thou-
sand three hundred toils; yet it had not water to
receive the dock with the Columbia docked, weigh-
ing two thousand one huudred and eighty-five
tons, less than one half of the stipulated tonnage.
The other reason assigned is, that the contractors
never agreed to take the dock into the basin bear-
ing a ship with all her armamenton board. Was
there ever such subterfuge attempted to be prac-
ticed upon practical, sensible men ? Why, 1 ask,
stipulate to take up a ship of five thousand three
hundied tons and float the dock into the ba&m,
and then refuse to float the dock into the basin with
a ship of two thousand one hundred and eighty-
five tons because, forsooth, her armament was on
board; the weight was the thing to be considered.
The contractors stipulated that the dock should
be of sufficient capacity to take over the bar at
Pensacola a ship of the largest class. When a ship
of that description made us appearance off the bar
of Pensacola and desired to enter the haibor with
the aid of this dock as a camel, what was to be done
with her armament ? Was it to be thrown over-
board; and, after she was repaired a#J recrossed
the bar, to be fished up and placed in statu, quo ?
The commission further say, it will take twenty
per cent, of the original cost of thedock per annum
to keep it in repair, equivalent to a renewal every
live years. The cost of the dock was ^555,712,
so that sum will have to be expended every five
years, should it be accepted by the Government,
or $111,156 per annum to keep it in repair. It
may from these data be safely calculated that it
will take some teg or twelve per cent, of the cost
of the railway, basin, and other appendages and
fixtures of this dock, to keep them in repair, So
it may be estimated they all will require an annual
outlay of some $150,000.
The report of the commission shows that the
contractors have failed, most signally failed, to
fulfill their contract; and it ought long since to
have been so declared by the Department, and
steps taken accordingly.
This failure, sir, affects the only naval station
on the Gulf of Mexico, and which happens to be
located in Florida; and I here, Mr. President,
as one of the Senators from that small, poor,
wronged, and neglected State, enter my protest
against this $1,000,000 being placed to her debit,
in any estimate that may hereafter be made, of
her cost to the United Slates. The $40,000,000
expended in the Seminole war, commencing in
1835, it has been insisted should be charged to
her, when it was notorious that the greater por-
tion of the amount was squandered on hangers-
on of the Army and contractors from other States,
while the people of Florida were not only impov-
erished, but many of them ruined. The sum of
$921,937, lavished on this wild and fanciful exper-
iment, should be charged to New Yoik account.
Gilbert and Secor, the contractors, are from there
—the engineers and mechanics were from there—
their supplies were brought from there—and every
dollar of the money, according to the stipulations
of the contract, was paid there. So, I repeat, let
Florida not be charged with this folly; she had no
lot, part, or portion in it; for my late colleague,
[Mr. Yulee,] then a member of the Naval Com-
mittee, resisted this appropriation at every stage,
though it was apparently for the benefit of a dock-
yard within hisownState—hethinking the testing
of this wild experiment at the Pensacola yard
would not advanceits onward march,to be classed
with the first dock-yards of the country. The
result has proved the correctness of his course,
and the wisdom of the conclusion to which he
came; for this wasteful experiment there, has,
in my estimation, retarded the advancement of that
yard, 1 fear, for years to come. Had not Congress
been imposed upon by these humbug wooden
docks, it would, as it should have done ere this,
have made an appropriation for a stone dock—
such as is erected at Norfolk, New York, and
Boston. We cannot now look forward to the day
when a work of lhat kind will be commenced at the
Pensacola yard; for this mass of perishable mate-
rials will long remain, I fear, as an encumbrance
or nuisance there. If this dock should ultimately
be received by the Navy Department, I would
most freely vote for a liberal appropriation to "oat
it without the bar, and send it adrift, and relieve
the yard from the disfigurement of the basin and
railways, and restore it to itB pristine beauty and
elegance.
But let me return to this report. Look, sir, at
the contract. Here was the sum of $9-21,937 about
to be paid on an experiment. Is there any pro-
vision in it which will really protect the Govern-
ment fiom loss? Is it not a contract to test an
experiment at the risk of the Government, instead
of the contractors who were to derive large pecu-
niary benefit? The sum of $737,550 was paid to
these contractors on an experiment, and a bond
of $100,000 only given to save the Government
harmless! In this the Department has failed to
exercise that vigilance which a discreet individual
would have dolie, and which should ever charac-
terize the'expenditure of the public money.
But the twenty per cent, reserved on each pay-
ment has long since gone into the pockets of the
contractors. Why was this done? The report
shows why, and the papers accompanying the
same disclose the fact that the payment was most
im properly made. 11 is true, as we are informed, the
Departmentexercised the precaution oftaking from
the contractors a refunding bond to guard the in-
terest of the Government in the event of a failure
of the structures not standing the test required by
the contract. This, forsooth, was properly guard-
ing the interest of the Government: pay the con-
tractors all the money before the contract is com-
plied with, and if they fail, bring suit. I suppose,
on the refunding bond. Why, Mr. President, this
is laughable. Did you, sir, ever know, in the his-
tory of this Government, a defaulting contractor lo
refund money improperly advanced him by the
Government ? The idea is ridiculous. You had as
