#70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
traced to vicious habits. If otherwise, and the President
approve of such judgment, the disabled officer shall there-
upon be placcd upon the list of retired officers, according
to the provisions of this act; but if the board are of opm
ion thai the disability was the result of vicious habits, and
the President eoiu-ur in that opinion, then the disabled offi
cer shall not be placed on the retired list, but shall be
dropped from the rolls of the Army.
: Sec. 3. And be U further enacted, That whenever the
President shall deem it advisable to cause an officer, who
'bfts.b$en withdrawn from active service, and retired from
the line of promotion, as'herein provided, to be placed on
any duty not incompatible with his condition, such officer
shall, for the time he may be so employed, be entitled to all
-the pay and allowances'of the grade'with which he was
retired from service.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, was read a third
time, and passed.
A. BOYD HAMILTON.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred ihejoiutiesulution from the
House for sealing the accounts of A. Boyd Ham-
ilton, have directed me to report it back without
amendment, and recommend its passage. 1 ask
for its consideration at this time.
Mr. ADAMS. I would suggest to the Senator
that a motion has been made in the House to re-
consider the vote on the passage of that resolu-
tion.
Mr. HAMLIN." I will state to my friend from
.Mississippi what the resolution proposes. In
185*2 there was an arrangement made in relation
to the settlement of [Minting accounts, and the
mode of printing was changed. There were then
certain chums of A. Boyd Hamilton for printing,
which he asked (o have allowed. It was provided
that the Secretary of the Senate, the Clerk of the
House of Representatives, and the Clerk of the
Committee on Printing, should adjudicate those
claims and pay them. They never have yet been
adjudicated upon, and thete is now no clerk of
the Committee on Printing. Although the com-
mittee have authority to appoint a clerk, not need-
ing one, no appointment has been made; and there-
fore the board, which, by the original law, was
authorized to settle these claims, has no existence.
This joint resolution proposes simply to trans-
fer the duty required by law of the Secretary of
the Senate, the Clerk of the House, and the clerk
of the Printing Committee, to the First Comptrol-
ler of the Treasury.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to ask the Senator
from Maine if this resolution proposes to establish
any rule than that by which they were to be
governed ?
Mr. HAMLIN. None at all.
Mr. WALKER. They are to be governed by
his contract?
Mr. HAMLIN". They are governed by the
law as it, passed. The chums are to be adjudi-
cated upon m precisely the same way that they
would have been settled by the board if it was
now in existence.
The Senate, ass in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the joint resolution.
It proposes to direct that in place of the party
named for settling the accounts of A Boyd Ham-
ilton, in the seventeenth section of the act making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1853, and for other purposes, there
be substituted the First Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, and to charge him with their duties as
specified in the act; and further, that the accounts
of Mr. Hamilton be settled as prescribed m that
section, and that the amount which may be found
due to him shall be paid upon the certificate of the
Comptroller
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and was read a third time,
and passed.
SOLAR COMPASS.
Mr. STUART. There has been here pending
for some days a bill which was called up formerly
at my suggestion, and which I should like to have
acted upon now, it is a bill to authorize the United
States to use the solar compass in the public sur-
veys.
Mr. FOOT. If I mistake not, that bill is upon
the Private Calendar.
Mr. STUART. That is a question. 1 called
it up oh a former day, and the Senator from Dela-
ware [Mr. Bayard] objected to it because it was
not a private bill.
Mr. FOOT. Is it not onthePrivateCalendar?
Mr. STUART. There is no separate Calendar
printed of private bills. On private bill day the
Senator from Delaware objected to it, because it
was not a private bill. It has'been called up since,
and the'Senate adjourned while it was under con-
sideration. I should like to have it disposed of.
Mr. FOOT. I will make one more appeal to
the Senator from Michigan to allow me to call up
the indigent insane bill, which is upon its passage,
i desire to make one more effort to get a vote upon
it.
Mr. STUART. I do not wish to interpose
any objection to the consideration of the bill to
which the Senator alludes; but he will recollect
that it has been, for several days, in court here,
and has not been finished. But I will yield to
him.
Mr. FOOT. They have been very short days
only parts of days, and the bill has given way for
other business.
INDIGENT INSANE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill making a grant of land to the several States
and Territories of the Union for the benefit of
mdigentinsane persons, the question being,<{ Shall
the bill pass?"
Mr. ADAMS. Before the vote is taken on the
passage of the bill, I propose very briefly to an-
swer the questions propounded by my colleague
[Mr. Brown] yesterday. I shall consume as lit-
tle time as possible, for I know it is desired that
the question should be taken.
My colleague, in the remarks which he made
upon the subject, inquired of me upon what prin-
ciple could the Fedeial Government give lands to
a State m which the lands he, and refuse to give
them for similar purposes to the States in which
they do not he. The difference between my col-
league and myself is this: What he calls gifts or
gratuities I consider as the payment of debts,
granted for a consideration. My colleague says
that 1 introduced a bill, at the present session, to
grant alternate sections of the public lands to aid
in the construction of railroads in our State. True,
sir, 1 did so, and upon his motion the hill passed
this body; but not as a gratuity, rather as an act
of justice to that State for the improved value
of the reserved sections.
In regard to the lands granted to the State of
Mississippi, I agree with him that all the States
of the Union have a common and equal interest in
the public lands; but while they have that equal
interest in those lands, and an equal claim to have
the Treasury restored to the entire expense of
their acquisition, yet, when that is done, and you
come to dispose of the surplus or profits, I do not
consider that the old States have an equal claim
with the new States, for leasons which nave been
given time and again here, and the considerations
which have controlled the action of Congress in
the very cases referred to.
First, in reference to the granting of school
lands to the State of Mississippi: When she pre-
sented her constitution, and asked for admission
into the Union, a compact was made between her
| and the Federal Government, by which it was
I agieed that not only should the,public lands be-
j longing to the latter be exempt from taxation
I while it retained the title to them, but that the
| purchasers under it should be free from taxation
for five years after their purchases—for what pur-
pose? As an inducement to individuals to pur-
chase lands. They were to have their land free
from taxation for that time, which they would
not have if they bought land from other individ-
uals.
In consideration of this, it was agreed that five
per cent, of the proceeds of the land should be given
to the State, three per cent, of which should be ap-
propriated for improvements on roads and canals,
| making valuable the remaining and unsold land.
And every sixteenth section w as appropriated for
common school purposes. Was that a grant? It
was a grant, it is true; but was it a gift? No, sir, it
was a grant for a consideration, as an inducement
for persons to purchase the land surrounding these
sixteenth sections, and to pay their money for
them. Just as well might you say that an owner
of town lots, who lays off streets and common as
an easement for purchasers of lots to induce them
to pay for the lots, makes a gift. It was for a con-
sideration.
Again: my colleague. says that five hundred
thousand acres of land were given for purposes of
internal improvement. This comes in the same
category, and under the same rule. These five
hundred thousand acres were to be appropriated
to internal improvement's in the State; but for what
purpose? For the benefit of the State alone? No,
sir. The public lands had been offered for sale,
and all which were worth the price which the Gov-
ernment was willing to take for them had been
sold, and the money had been paid for them into
the Treasury. But, as an inducement for the sale
of the bal&nce of the lands that were not worth
anything without the labor and effort of citizens
of the States, these new States were granted these
five hundred thousand acres. They were to be
appropriated to purposes of internal improvement,
just as a prudent landholder would have done
with his own lands. If they had belonged to an
individual he would have done the same thing.
Therefore that grant was not only for a good
consideration, but a valuable consideration, to be
appropriated for internal improvements within the
State in order to make the unsalable lands sala-
able, and as some compensation to citizens who
had gone into the wilderness and reclaimed valu-
less lands, and being compelled, by your refusing
to put the lands at their intrinsic value, to pay,
when the lands adjoined those of an individual,
two or three times their value; and millions have
been paid m this way over and above the intrinsic
value of the lands This was another portion of
the consideration. It was not a gratuity. It was
founded upon a good and valuable consideration.
Then my colleague says that a million of acres
of swamp lands were given to the State of Mis-
sissippi. Those lands were mere overflowed lands;
they belonged to the Federal Government. They
were not worth one cent a thousand acres, and
never would have been while they belonged to the
Federal Government. Then, as a prudent land-
holder, the Government said to Arkansas and
Mississippi, and other States, these lands are val-
ueless; we have no right to reclaim them; make
them valuable, and you may have them. Was
there no consideration here? The Government
; looked forward to the consideration, I admit, that
! when the State should reclaim these lands, and they
| should be cultivated, they would bring in,by their
j vast productions, immense amounts into the Treas-
! ury. Therefore it was a valuable consideration.
1 But in the grant of the five hundred thousand
1 acres, I wish to call attention to the view taken of
j it by the State which we have the honor to repre-
j sent on this floor. That State consented to receive
! that five hundred thousand acres of land, and yet,
: when you proposed to give her her distributive
: portion of the public revenue in the Treasury, she
refused, and has to this day refused, to receive one
1 dollar of it. She received the five hundred thou-
; sand acres because she considered herself entitled
i to it, not as a gratuity, but on account of the ben-
' efit which the Federal Government derived from
i the money paid into the Treasury for the lands
' which were sold, and for the improving of the
;! remaining lands.
I' But my colleague says lam mistaken in sup-
I j posing that the Federal Government has not, on
il any occasion, distributed the lands within the
i; States to the citizens of the other States, or to other
j; States, for the reason that bounty lands have been
!, given to soldiers of the late war, and that many of
those soldiers resided in New York and other
it States which contain no public lands. I do not
j; consider this a gift. I consider it the payment of
j! a debt; and there is the distinction, the difference
!] between my colleague and myself. I consider that
I- it was the payment, not of a legal, binding debt,
II according to a contract, but of an equitable and
t j just demand which was owing by the people of
!: the United States, or by the Federal Government
'j to the soldiers; and this fund, being a fund belong-
j ing to the United States, was the legitimate fund
j out of which to pay it. I recollect very well—I
| happened to be a member of the House—that at the
; time war was declared with Mexico, a proposition
j was made in that House to increase the pay of the
j volunteers from seven to eight dollars a month, if
I i ecollect correctly. It was refused. Why? Not
because seven dollars a month was a fair compen-
sation for the services to be rendered. Bv no
means. It was admitted aftd agreed upon all hands
