1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2189
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. There are some
bills upon the Speaker's table which may betaken
up and considered. I move that we go to the
business upon the Speaker's table,and that no bill
be put on its passage unless there be no objection
to it.
The SPEAKER. Unless objection be made ■
that course will also be pursued.
No objection was made.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a personal
explanation. It will be recollected by the House
that the other day the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Hughes] and I engaged in a discussion of
the proposition to refund Mr. Riddle moneys ad-
vanced by him. In the face of my declaration
that I made no reflection on the honesty of Mr.
Riddle, the gentleman thought proper to proceed
with the following remarks:
" It was stated a^ a matter of reflection upon Mr. Riddle,
as I thought. I know him well ; and he is as high-minded
and honorable a gentleman as lives in Massachusetts—pur-
suing hie business in a laudable way. If he sells anything,
he sells quathupeds, not bipeds; and I am glad that his
vocation is of that description—his auctioneering of that
sort."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask if this personal
explanation is in order? If it is not, I object to it,
for the debate can be collected elsewhere.
Mr. SMITH. I shall be through in one min-
ute. I was saying that the other day, when the
debate occurred upon the proposition to allow Mr.
Riddle the sum of money advanced by Mr. Pea-
body for defraying the expenses of the transports
ation of American products to the London Indus-
trial Exhibition, the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Hughes,] in the face of my declaration that
in my remarks I made no reflection upon the hon-
esty of Mr. Riddle, and of course when it was
wholly unnecessary, made use of the following
language 
[Cries of " Order !"]
Mr. SMITH. I beg gentlemen will allow me
the privilege of saying that I did not hear these
remarks. My rule is to respond promptly to all
impertinence; for, without a reply, it is presumed
to be acquiesced in and submitted to.
The SPEAKER. In execution of the order,
made by the unanimous consent of the House, the
Chair will now proceed to the business upon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. PHILLIPS, I ask if it is not in order to
move a reconsideration of a vote now?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order to sub-
mit such a motion, but it can only be entertained
hereafter when some higher privileged, motion is
not pending. Does the gentleman desire to sub-
mit a motion to reconsider that it may be entered
upon the Journal ?
Mr PHILLIPS. I will submit the motion
hereafter.
Mr. HENN. I tried to get the ear of the
Speaker, to object to the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] for this
reason: It was the understanding this morning,
when the appropriation bills were out of the way,
that I would be permitted to call up the bill in
relation to swamp lands, which is first upon the
Calendar in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. ORR. The Speaker, as I understand it,
is not acting under the suggestion of the gentle-
man from Geoi^ia.
The SPEAKER. The Chair embraced in hia
suggestion that of the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens,] with the distinct understanding
that bills upon the Speaker's table, to which no
objection was made, should be taken up and re-
ferred.
Mr. HENN. I do not wish to discuss the bill
which I wish to take up.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be taken up now,
unless by the unanimous consent of the House,
as the House is acting under a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. HENN. I appeal to the House if they
dtrl not understand this morrfing, when I with-
drew my objection to the adjournment until nine
o'clock, that this bill would come up ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
asks the unanimous consent of the House to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union from the bill referred to by him.
Mr. LETCHER. What bill is it?
Mr. HENN. It is the swamp land bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
REFERENCE OF BILLS AGAIN.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to execute the
order of the House, made by unanimous consent,
and the bills upon the Speaker's table were taken
up in their order.
An act granting the right of way to the St.
Louis and iron Mountain railroad through the
arsenal, magazine, and Jefferson barracks, re-
turned from the Senate with an amendment.
Mr. ORR. That will give rise to debate, and
I object to it.
The bill remained on the table, and all subse-
quently objected to shared the same fate.
An act to grant a homestead of one hundred and
sixty acres of the public lands to actual settlers,
returned from the Senate with amendments.
Mr. ASHE objected.
An act for the relief of Betsy Nash, and the
widow of J. C. Batchelder.
Mr. FAULKNER. I believe it is not in ac-
cordance with the understanding of the House to
put that bill upon its passage.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object to it.
An act for the relief of Henry Lewis, of Clinton
county, Indiana, returned from the Senate with
amendments.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that the
House do concur in the amendments of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
amendments:
First amendment:
That Henry Lewis and Moses Pettit, of Pejkins county,
Indiana, be, and are hereby, eaen authorized to enter, tree
ot eos-tj execpt the lees or' the land oifice, forty acres  >t
land out of that subject to private eutoy, at any land ofhce
in the United States, or m the Territories iheieoi. in iuil of
their respective claims for money paid to the leg^tei ot the
land office in Indiana in the year the amount theieof
being filty dollars.
Second amendment:
Amend the title as follows:
After the word "Lewis" add the words "and Moses
Pettit."
The question was taken on the amendments;
and they were respectively concurred in.
Joint resolution relating to the raft of Red river.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The subject-matter of
that joint resolution has been incorporated m the
Army bill, which was passed this morning. I
would ask the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Phelps] if I am not right m saying so ?
Several Members. Oh, let it pass.
Mr. GREEN WOOD. No; I object.
Senate hill supplemental to an act entitled "An
act to amend an act entitled an act to provide for
the better preservation of the lives of passengers
j on board vessels propelled in whole or in part by
I steam, and for other purposes," approved 30th
j August, 1852.
! Mr. LETCHER. I object.
! Senate bill to improve the naval service,
j Mr. PHELPS. I object.
| Senate bill 44 for the more effectual suppression
j of the slave trade in American-built vessels."
j The bill was read a first and second time by its
1 title, and referred to the Committee on Foreign
! Affairs.
| Mr. PHELPS. 1 understand, Mr. Speaker,
| that the Business of the nextsession will be taken
j up exactly as we leave it.
j The SPEAKER. That is the order.
! Senate bill " giving to Jasper Strong, George
j Tyrrell, and associates, the right of way for a
| railroad through the reserved land near the navy-
i yard at Pensacola, Florida."
| Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Senate bill to revive for a limited time an act in
I relation to the donations of land to certain per-
j son§ in the State of Arkansas.
Mr. LETCHER. Read the bill for inform-
ation.
The Clerk read the bill in extenso.
The bill makes provision in respect to certain
claims to donations of land in Arkansas, which
have been adjudicated and allowed by the register
and receiver of the proper land district, in virtue of
the provisions of the eighth sec*ion of the act of
Congress approved 24th May, 1828, entitled " An
act to authorize the State of Ohio to extend the
Miami canal."
The bill was then read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands."
Senate bill granting land in alternate sections to
the States of Louisiana, Mississippi, and Arkan-
sas, to aid in the Construction of a railroad from
New Orleans to Mobile."
Mr. COBB. I object.
Senate bill granting land in alternate sections
to the State of Missouri, to aid in the construction
of a certain railroad in said State. Read a first
and second time, and referred to_ the Committee
on Public Lands.
Senate bill for the better preservation of life and
property from vessels shipwrecked on the coast of
the United States. Read a first and second time
by its title.
Mr. SKELTdN. That is a bill which it is im-
portant should be passed. It passed the Senate
unanimously, and I think, if the House will hear
it read, there will be no objection to its being put
upon its passage.
The bill was read.
Mr. LETCHER. I think that bill had better
be examined by the Committee on Commerce be-
fore it passes. 1 move :hat it be referred to that
committee.
The motion was agreed to
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Mr. Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, inform-
ing the House that they had passed, \wthout
amendment, a bill of this House of the following
title:
A bill authorizing the payment of balance of the
property accounts between the United Suites and
I the State of New York, for military stores in the
j war of 1812, and sundry private bills.
i That the Senate had passed, with amendments,
i in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
| of the House, bills of the following titles:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Captain Mat-
thew Jack, deceased; and
A bill to provide a pension for Captain Thomas
Porter.
j Also, that they had passed a joint resolution
j and bills of the Senate of the following titles, in
i which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
! the House:
I A joint resolution to enable the Secretary of
; the Interior to retain the present force in the Gen-
1 eral Land Office until the next session of this Con-
: gress;
! An act for the relief of Henry S. Sanford;
; An act to amend the " Act requiring foreign
| regulations of commerce to belaid annually before
Congress," approved August, 1842, and for other
! purposes; and
j An act for the relief of Elliot Smith, William
■ C. Greene, and Nathaniel Farnsworth.]
! Senate bill to provide for the payment of such
j creditors of the late Republic of Texas as are
1 comprehended in the act of Congress of Septem-
i ber 9, 1850. Read a first and second time by its
title, and teferred to the Committee of Ways and
1 Means.
Senate joint resolution " for the confirmation of
| certain entries and locations of military warrants
; made in the State of Michigan."
1 Mr. LETCHER. I object to that resolution
: being taken up. «
j Senate bill for the relief of the Office of Indian
Affairs. Read a first and second time by its
1 title, and referred to the Committee of Ways and
!! Means.
Mr. ROBB1NS. I would much prefer that
that bill should be referred to a Committee of
the Whole Bouse.
The SPEAKER. The bill has already been
referred, and the reference cannot be changed un-
less the gentleman moves to reconsider the vote
by which it w^is referred.
Mr. ROBBINS. Let it go.
Senate bill supplementary to an act entitled
an act to amend an act entitled " An act to pro-
vide for the better security of the lives of passen-
gerson board vessels propelled in whole or in part
*by steam, and for other purposes,"approved 30th
of August, 1852.
Mr. HENN. I object to that bill being taken
up.
Senate joint resolution u for the relief of the le-
gal representatives of Seth M. Leavenworth."
Read a first and second time by its title.
