1282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
should take up one thing at a time, we should get
along much better.
Mr. Weller's motion was not agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the House bill " making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tubes for
-the year ending June 30th, 1855;" the pending
question being on the amendment reported by Mr;
Walker, from the Committee on Indian Affairs,
to insert:
To the Creek nation of Indiana, in full for all demands
against the United Slates, the sum of $500,000, in payim-nt
for eight million nereis of land at six am] a quarter cents )>fr-
aere,taken from the friendly Oieeks withoutcompensatiun,
by the treaty or capitulation of Fort Jackson, ol August y,
1814.
Mr. BELL. I made some remarks in support
of this amendment, soon after it was presented by
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Walker,J from the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and 1 do not propose now to enter into it at any
length. I listened to the remarks of the Senator
from Alabama [Mr. Fitzi-atrick] yesterday, and
I think that some consideration is dueto thestate-
ments made and views advanced by lnm. The
facts which he stated are of the most interesting
character. They are historically connected with
the condition of this tribe of Indians, both bfefore
and after the war. Livery aeiuimcnt uttered by
that honornble Senator, I know is founded in the
perfect conviction nf the rectitude of the opinions
and judgment which he had formed in relation to
the propriety of this amendment. I understood
him to say that there were some one or two coun-
ties of very fine land lying between the Coosa and
Tallapoosa rivers, which were reserved out of the
country usually called the hostile Indian country
Mr. FITZPATR1CK. When I was up on
yesterday I alluded to two counties lying between
the borders of those rivers. I should have added,
also, that there is the county of Coosa and a por-
tion of Tallapoosa lying between those rivers.
There are four other counties. The two counties
which I first alluded to are the Coosa and Ran-
dolph comities.
Mr. BELL. I have understood from former
investigations on this subject, that there were two
or three hundred thousand acres of land reserved
out of the country, that was commonly called the
country of the hostile Indians, by the capitulation
ot 1814; and that it was these two or three hun-
dred thousand acres which General Jackson con-
sidered at the time of that capitulation, and which
hits been relied upon by Senators who have opposed
this amendment, as 'having been a compliance
with what was promised the friendly Indians
when they assembled ill convention m 1814.
The argument of the honoiable Senator from
Alabama 1 have not considered conclusive against
the reasoning upon which I brought my liund to
conclude that something ought to be done to fur-
ther indemnify the friendly Creek Indians, accord-
ing to the promise mnde to them by the Govern-
ment, in the instructions to the commanding gen-
eral who was authorized to make that treaty.
As I understand it now, even by the statement of
the Senator from Alabama, this reservation was
not made for the benefit of the friendly Creeks. It
was only so much saved out of the whole country,
which would otherwise have been taken from the
hostiles. The fiiendly Indians at once said " that is
no equivalent; it is no indemnity; we were prom-
ised that our fidelity to the Government and peo-
ple of the United States, in the war with the Red
Sticks, should be remembered, and that weshould
have indemnity out of the country of the hos-
tiles." When they saw, by the lines proposed
by that capitulation, that some eight or ten millions
of" acres of their own country, which had never
been occupied by the hostiles—upon which, per-
haps, a hostile foot had never trod—were to be
taken, they thought it was a strange mode of
complying with their expectations, and fulfilling
the promise which had been made, that they
should be indemnified out of the country reserved
fiom the hostiles. Now, as I understood the re- '
marks of the honorable Senator from Alabama
yesterday, the hostiles did remain in the country,
and did hot flee into Florida, but continued to oc-
cupy as much as the commanding general thought
proper to leave them for a home, out of the whole
country taken from them. I understood the
amount of country taken from the hostile Creeks
on .that occasion constituted the principal part of
what is now the State of Alabama, amounting to
some twenty-four millions of acres, and it was
but a small evidence of mercy, of gratuity, on
the part of the Government of the United States,
to leave to the remnant of the hostiles that small
pioportion of the vast domain which was then
wrested from them.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. In addition to the coun-
try lying between the two rivers, the Coosa and
Tallapoosa, there was a large extent of country
lying NE, E, and SE of the Tallapoosa river,
including, if my memory serves me now, the coun-
ties of Randolph, Chambers, Macon, tntl I think
a I^rge portion of Barbour county beyond the
Tallapooi a, and running down to the Chatiahoo-
chee, including a large portion of Barbour, Rus-
sell, Ch imbers, and Macon counties.
Mr. BELL. I am not sufficiently acquainted
with the geography of the country to know the
extent of those counties. I never before heard of
any other county, except that lying between the
Coosa and theTailapoosa,as having been reserved
in the territory of the hostile Indians. I hope
the honorable chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs will explain how that is. This is the
fiist time that I ever heard it stated that such an
extent of country was reserved; an amount, per-
haps, constituting the principal part of some three
or four other counties, in addition to the territory
lying between the Coosa and Tallapoosa. What
1 wish to know in reference to the matter is,
whether this was a reservation for the benefit of
the friendly Creeks, or of ihe hostiles?
Mr. F11ZPATRICK. It was occupied by
the nation in common ,*like the country between
the two rivers.
Mr. BELL. That would not be a strict com-
pliance with the understanding.
Mr. WALKER. The only answer which can
be given to the inquiry propounded by the honor-
able Senator from Tennessee to the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, is simply that
the Senator from Alabama is mistaken. From a
thorough examination of all the documents in this
case, from one eritf of it to the other, and ofall the
intermediate points, 1 can say that nothing what-
ever appeals in them to show that there ever was
any portion of country, either occupied by the
friendly Creeks or the hostiles, set apart to them
as a reservation outside of that lying between the
, Coosa and Tallapoosa rivers. If anything exists
beyond the documents, I know nothing of it; but
so far as appears from them, the Senator from
Alabama is certainly mistaken.
Mr. F1TZPATR1CK. I am indebted to my
I from Wiaconsin for his endeavor to put me
I l'lght III regard to a matter about, which I think
j 1 know something. I believe I have traveled
1 over the greater portion of that country, and I have
it as distinctly m my mind now as I have your
face, sir. 1 undertake to say, that the countiy
reserved under the treaty—not particularly for the
hostiles or the friendly Indian's, but to the Creek
nation or Muscogee tribe of Indians—embraced
the country lying between the Coosa and Talla-
poosa, and the counties of Randolph, Chambers,
Macon, Russell, and a large portion of Batbour
county. Whether it was particularly set apart for
this portion of the tribe or that, J will not under-
take to say; but I will say that the settled portion
of the Creek country was occupied by them after
the treaty.
Mr. WALKER. I think I can explain this
difficulty. If the Senior intends to assert that
the Indians, after the treaty of 1814, claimed to
own land in that region, I do not dispute it. The
Government subsequently, from time to time, con-
tinued to buy from them, as from other Indian
tribes, their lands lying both in Georgia and Ala-
bama. But what is contended for here, is, that
General Jackson set apart other country as a res-
ervation to them beyond that included between the
h Coosa and the Tallapoosa. That will be found,
| on examination, not to be the case. He never pre-
,, tended to set aside any other country than that for
them, and but a very small portion of that. It
will be found to be the case, too, that the Indians
clairtieji to own—and the Government, by subse-
; quent purchases, recognized their claim—land out-
J, side this district of country. I do not deny that
M there was country lying north as well as south of
May 23,
the line in Alabama and Georgia, which it is in-
| disputable General Jackson did compel them to
! surrender by the capitulation of 1814. Jf it is
| simply contended, however, that they owned land
and had claims to land outside of this tract, I do
i not dispute it.
Mr. F1 1ZPATRICIC. I never contended that,
by the capitulation, the lands reserved west of the
Chattahoochee were specifically set apart for any
portion of the tribe. M y impression is, and always
has been, that a portion of that was hostile country
Mr. WALKER. The question is, was the
land which was said to be given, claimed to bean
equivalent for the enormous confiscation which
was made—an equivalent which, it is asserted,
was given by General Jackson? All he ever pre-
tended to be ail equivalent was the small portion
, lying between the Coosa and Tallapoosa rivers,
j The Government subsequently bought the gen-
eral claims of the Indians to land m other portions
of Alabama and Georgia.
Mr. FI1ZPA TRICK. The country to which
1 referred was hostile country, the same as that to
which I alluded. General Jackson may have
spoken to the Indians about the land between the
two rivers, but the country to which I refer was a
portion of the hostile country in 1813 and 1814.
Mr. BELL. I can only say that I never heard
before that any other country was reserved to them,
or considered at the time as an indemnity to the
, friendly Indians, except the small tract of country
between the Coosa and Tallapoosa. That was
' the very battle-ground on which the hostile In-
dians met the whites; the heart of the country
which they occupied; the center of their power.
^ It has seemed to me that, unless they were driven
out, or abandoned the country altogether, and the
i friendly Creeks were at liberty to go and occupy
j it exclusively, it could not be said in any sense
to be an indemnity to them, or a compensation to
■ them for their fidelity to the cause of the whites
in the war.
I am only stating the grounds on which I formed
my opinion from an examination of the case
; formerly. I have not examined it particularly
at this session; but I did in former years. I re-
membered that there had been a tract of country
between the Coosa and Tallapoosa which it was
contended was an indemnity or equivalent for the
land taken from the friendly Indians at the south.
Mr. JOHNSON. We have volume upon vol-
ume of record evidence in the State Papers, relying
upon the authority of General Jackson and the
President and heads of Departments of that day,
and the agents of the Government there. We
have the maps furnished by the Topographical
Bureau. Are we to abandon these, and go to mat-
ters of surmise? Such a course, it seems to me,
will not tend to the evolution of truth, nor enable
us to discharge our duty properly.
I have declined to go into the discussion of this
case heietofoie; but I wish to say to the Senate,
that the investigation of this claim, when it was
first brought before Congress, was confided to
me, as chairman of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs in the o*lher House. The committee dis-
cussed it and examined it. We went through all
the volumes which have been produced Tiere.
We spent six or seven weeks in the investigation
of them, and required the maps of the country
to be made out; and I assert boldly that there is
no record evidence whatever which shows that
anything was given as an equivalent to these
Indians, but the strip of land lying between the
Coosa and Tallapoosa. If that was the only
equivalent, what sort of a consideration was it?
We must recollect that it was land taken from the
hostile to be given to the friendly Indians; and
when givep to the friendly Indians as a satisfiic-
i tion, and an indemnity, for what had been taken
from them, our allies m the war, they were told,
when they asked where the hostiles should go,
" You have room in that strip to take them with
I you, and you shall do it."
| We have in our possession the documents ofall
! the transactions at the time. They were not ss
verbose at that day as we are in the habit of
making them at the present time, when printing
is easy and money is plentiful; but the docu-
I ments clearly show that the friendly Indians, to
whom this strip of country was given as indem-
nity, were required to take the hostiles in with
them. The friendly Indians were the minority of
the nation; and yet they were required to go in
