1854.
mm glom.
m
and I therefore move that the rules be suspended,
arid that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Phelps in the chair,) and resumed^he con-
sideration of the special order, being business re-
/ lating to the organized Territories.
* The CHAIRMAN. When the committee last
rose, they had under consideration Senate bill No.
38, entitled " An act to aid the Territory of Min-
nesota m the construction of a railroad for mili-
tary, postal, and other purposes;" and upon that
subject the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, said he should not
have opened his lips but for the position taken by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr: 'Campbell,] who
had taken to task the Virginia delegation generally
and himself particularly, and had charged'on them,
that in voting to cede to eertain States the swamp
and overflowed lands within their limits, and iri
voting to give lands to the soldiers who served in
our different wars, they have conceded to the Con-
gress of the United States the full authority to
dispose of the public lands in any manner which
their unrestrained discretion may seem to point
out.
The Constitution confers on Congress authority
to make all needful rules and regulations in re-
spect to the territory and other property of the
United States. However, he utterly denied that
the Constitution confers on Congress, under that
clause, the unlimited control of the subject, for
the Federal Government is but the trustee in re-
gard to the disposition of those lands. The pub-
lic lands of tne United States, whether acquired
by cession, by purchase, or by conquest, are held
by the General Government in trust. In the case
of cession, the trust is given in the deeds of ces-
sion; in the case of purchase or conquest, the trust
results from the character of the transaction; and
in the latter two cases, no less certain than in the
first; in each case, whether by grant, where the
trust is defined in the deed, by conquest, or by
purchase, where the trust is a resulting one, it
redounds to the common benefit of the whole.
Therefore, whilehe admitted the power oftheGen-
eral Government to make all needful rules and
regulations concerning the public lands, they are
bound to do it in subordination of the trust. They
have no right to make them in disregard of the
disposition of the trust.
Gentlemen, therefore, when they come here and
show that Congress has power to make all need-
ful rules and regulations concerning the public
lands, do not advance one inch unless they show
the grant to the Territories and States for rail-
roads is in pursuance of the trust.
But why was it that he and his colleagues voted
to give away the swamp lands, and also bounties
to soldiers? On the first point he said, among
other things, the swamp lands were utterly useless
and unfit for cultivation; and, worse than this, they
were a nuisance, impairing the value of other
public lands in the vicinity. In this condition of
affairs, the question presented was this: Will we
undertake to make those swamp lands valuable,
reclaiming thfem by ditching and other means; or
will we allow others to do so, and thus, in the
latter case, benefiting the Government, which is
the trustee of all the public lands?
As to giving bounty lands to soldiers, he claimed
that this was done under the war power, not un-
derthe constitutional clause giving Congress power
to make all needful rules and regulations concern-
ing the territory «f the United States. He main-
tained that Congress has the right to reward
soldiers for faithful service in defending the soil
which we own; and that to encourage them in this
way, by giving them something substantial—land
—was better than voting them money.
lie made further remarks on these and kindred
subjects until the expiration of his hour, replying
to Mr. Campbell's views relative to grants of land
for railroad purposes. [His speech will be found
in the Appendix.]
Mr. KERR did not agree either with the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] who ad-
dressed the committee yesterday afternoon, or
with the honorable member from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly,] who had just concluded his remarks.
He differed, intoto ecelo, from the gentleman from
Virginia, if he correctly understood the position
he had assumed. He [Mr. K.J believed in the
power of the Government to make appropriations,
either of money or of lands, for works of internal
improvement. He believed that the Government
had the right, if it chose to exercise it, to appro-
priate the revenue collected from any and all quar-
ters for such works of internal improvement as it
might deem calculated to develop the resources of
the country, and strengthen the bonds of our
Union, or promote the general prosperity. In his
opinion, the Government has the right to donate
these lands to railroad companies; to States, lit-
erary institutions, or to any other parties, when,
in the judgment of Congress, such grants would
be the means of promoting the general prosperity
of the country. All this power on the part of
Congress, he at once conceded. He had always
maintained it; he belonged to a party in this coun-
try that had ever insisted upon it. Moreover,
they had not only insisted on this power, but had
maintained the right of Congress to exercise it;
and many years ago their great leader, the illus-
trious statesman of Kentucky, whose genius was
manifested by many of the best and noblest works
of internal improvements that had ever been estab-
lished in the country, proposed a plan for the
management and disposition of the public domain,
which, had it been acquiesced in, would have pre-
vented the wasteful disposition which had since
been made of them.
Mr. Clay proposed to distribute these lands
among the various States of the Confederacy, ac-
cording to their Federal population, giving to the
new States in which they were situated fifteen per
centum upon the amounts derived from their sale.
The party to which he belonged insisted upon this
system years ago; but they were met by statesmen
from Virginia with the constitutional objection
that Congress had no right so to dispose of the
public lands. His party predicted then that unless
these lands should be thus disposed of they would
not be retained by the Government for the pur-
pose of raising revenue therefrom, as it was in-
sisted they should be by the Democratic party;
and the prediction then made—that the West would
at some day have the power in Congress to take
these lands—has been verified. The West now
possess this power, and the country witnessed
the spectacle of a gross abuse of the trust reposed
in Congress, as he conceived it; not, however, a
violation of the Constitution, for he did not main-
tain that position, believing Congress had the
power to give these lands away.
He [Mr. K.] contended that there was a gross
violation of trust involved in the policy for some
time past pursued on this question. Whence did
they derive these lands? Had they not been
told, here and elsewhere, again and again, that a
large portion of them was given by the States of
Virginia, North Carolina, New York, and others—
a common offering for a common good—the pay-
ment of the debt incurred in that struggle which
resulted in establishing the liberty we now enjoy.
These lands were acquired by the common treas-
ure, and it was, therefore, the common property.
The Government was but the trustee for the
benefit of all the States; and if, in distributing
these lands, discriminations were made, manifest
injustice, gross wrong, would be done those States
to whose prejudice such discriminations were
made. They who lived in the South, or in any
other portion of the Union in which public lands
did not exist, were as much entitled to a fair share
of this common property as those who resided in
those States in which such lands were situated.
While he maintained this doctrine, he was by
no means disposed to take the position that no
grants of land should, under any circumstances,
be made to the new States for railroads, education,
and other purposes. On the contrary, whenever
he could see manifested here a purpose to do jus-
tice to his section of thecountry, to do justice to the
old Slates, he would go with the most ardent ad-
vocate of these schemes for internal improvement
m the West, if they should be sustained by sound
reasons.
Mr. K. then opposed the bill before the com-
mittee, believing it wis based upon the petition of
a single individual, and that tnere was no com-
pany organized to build the road therein provided
for.
Mr. If. concluded by giving notice that he would
at the proper time move to amend the second sec-
tion of the bill, by adding the following:
Provided however, That the money received from the
sales of the reserved sections shall be paid overto those
States who have received no grants of public lands form-
ternal improvements, according, to their Federal represent-
ation in Congress.
[Mr. Kerr's speech will be found in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr'. Chairman, I have re-
flected considerably on this bill, more, perhaps,than'
I have on any which has been before us, with tires'
exception perhaps of one, Imean the great absorb-
ing one of the aay, and I have come to the con-
clusion that I ought to vote for it. I have listened
to theargament presented here by the very learned'
and respected gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bay-
ly,] as I always do when he speaks, with respect-
ful attention, but it has failed to convince me1.
I wish to bring the attention of the committee
to this subject under two points of view. In the:
first place, the question of constitutionality, which
is so common here; and secondly, the expediency
of it. If I recollect correctly, and if not, the gen-
tleman from Virginia can correct me, the very
first report which was made in this body years!
ago, in favor of the power of this Government
constitutionally to construct internal improve-
ments, came from a chairman of the committee,
who was a Virginian.
Let us look at the constitutional question a- mo-
ment. There are three grounds upon which dif-
ferent speakers have placed the subject of the con-
stitutionality of these grants. Inasmuch as the-
power of Congress is deemed so very important
a question, and continually pressing upon us, and-
involving, a3 it does, the entire policy of our Gov-
ernment in respect to the settlement of the great
western domain, it seems to me proper that we
should have some distinct ideas on the subject,
and, if possible, to have something clear and deci-
ded, and not be disputing about first principles con-
tinually year after year. The first position taken
by gentlemen on the other side of the question,
that it is constitutional forthis Government to make'
internal improvements, is derived from the power
expressly given in the Constitution' authorizing
this Government to regulate commerce among the
States.
It was said by our great advocates of the sys-
tem of interal improvement by the National Gov-
ernment, that the power to regulate commerce
included something more than passing revenue
laws. It implies power over the instruments of
commerce, that is to say, it includes the-power to
construct and improve harbors, canals, and even
railroads. Provided, however, that such con-
structions or improvements have two essential- re-
quisites. They must first be strictly national in
their objects; or they must at least concern more'
than one State; or, in other words, as Chief Jus-
tice Marshall expresses it, " they must be in-
struments of commerce" intermingled with " the
States.''
Then there must be another requisite to con-
stitutionally vest this power in the Government;
and that is, the work provided for must be an im-
provement which individuals or private companies
cannot accomplish, such a work as must be done
by the Government, or not done at all; otherwise
it is not properly a governmental measure any-
where, but a mere private enterprise, such as
j no Government, with or without our Constitution,
would have a right to perform. It must be some
I channel or instrument of commerce, and more; it
must be, besides that, a national work, and one
which individuals cannot well do. It must con-
cern more States than one. Then the constitu-
tional power of the National Government is veo;
: clear, if the Supreme Court is right in ruling tflft
j this power to regulate commerce includes the
; power to regulate the instruments of commerce,
1 even to the running of railroad cars, and to steam-
boats, and other things of that nature.
But, Mr. Chairman, the case presented by the
bill before us is not one of those cases. I need
not go any further than to say that in regard to
that doctrine I espouse it to some extent, where
the case is made out to be clearly national m its ob-
ject, and where the work cannot be done by indi-
viduals within a reasonable possibilty. In this case
the nation ought to make the improvement; and if
it would not do it, it is not fit to be a nation.
Then, sir, the next power is one which I see
