1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that there are no buildings on the lands through
which it is proposed to extend the railroad that
can be injured by fire, In that state of the case, I
wili withdraw my objection to taking the bill up.
Mc. WALSH. 1 renew the objection.
Mr. MAXWELL. I appeal to the gentleman
to withdraw his objection.
Mr. WALSH. I do not withdraw it.
Mr. ASttE. I understand that there is no
privilege now for the suspension of the rules ?
The SPEAKER. When the order of the
House is executed it will then be in order to move
a suspension of the rules.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a privileged question. I
move to reconsider the vote by which Senate reso-
lution (No. 27) " to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to retain the present force in the Land
Office until the next session of this Congress," was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
I will explain the resolution in two minutes, so that
I think there will be no objection to it.
Mr. ASHE. I object.
Mr. ORR. Cannot the motion to reconsider be
entered ?
The SPEAKER. It can be entered and con-
sidered hereafter some time or other.
Mr. ORR. Then I ask that the motion be en-
tered.
REPORTS "PROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to execute the
further order of the House by calling committees
for reports for reference without debate.
Mr. DISNEY, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands,reported back Senate bill (No. 126) t( to
relinquish to the State of Wisconsin the lands
reserved for salt springs therein," with the follow-
ing amendment:
That in lieu of the twelve salt springs, with six sections
of land adjoining to each, heretofoie granted to the State of
Wisconsin, for its use, by the fourth clause of the seventh
section of an act entitled " An act to enable the people of
WjsconsinT< rritory to forma constitutionand State govern-
ment, and for the admission of said State into the Union,"
approved the sixth day of August, m the year 1846, there be
and hereby is, granted to said State of Wisconsin, to he se-
lected bytheLegislatureof&,udState,outofan} publieldnds
subject to private entry, and to bn sold in such manner as
the Legislature may direct, for the benefit and in aid of the
univeisity of s.ud State, and for no other purpose whatso
ever, seventy-two sections of land : Provided., That in the
selections of land, heretofore made under an act entitled
" An act to extend the time for the selection of the lands
granted to the State of Wisconsin for saline purpose*,"
approved the 4th nay of May, 1R52, {£ arid which <hall not
have been sold by the United States, and is not legally
claimed by preemption or otherwise, shall be, aw! hereby
arc. granted and confirmed to said State for the use of the
university of said State, as part of the seventy-two sections
hereby granted.
Mr. LETCHER I should like to make an
inquiry of the gentleman from Ohio. Is it the
understanding that when these lands were first
selected thev were found to be saline lands?
Mr. DISNEY. They were not.
Mr. LETCHER. What then?
Mr. DISNEY made some remarks in expla-
nation of his amendment, and in reply to Mr
Letcher, which were entirely inaudible at the
reporter's desk.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and was read the third time and, passed.
Mr. COBB. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to consider Senate bill (No. 93,) " to
establish an additional land office m the State of
Florida, to be called the district of Tampa."
I addressed a note to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office to learn whether it was ab-
solutely necessary to establish this additional land
office, and in reply he says that it is needed. I
am satisfied that the hill ought to pass, and 1 hope
that there will be no objection to it upon the part of
any gentleman.
Mr. WALSH. I object. It is only to create
a new office.
Mr. DICK. I ask leave to introduce a bill to
incorporate an Insurance company in the city of '
Washington. !
The SPEAKER. How does the gentleman j
propose to have it referred ? !
Mr. DICK. I prefer having it put upon its
passage.
Mr. PRATT. I dislike to object, but it is really 1
too late to have this bill introduced and passed. !
Mr. DICK. Well, then I ask it to be referred ,
to a Committee of the Whole House. i
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and so referred.
A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by Sidney Webster,
Esq., his Private Secretary, informing the House
that he had this day approved and signed, among
others, an act to repeal the first proviso of the
fourth section of an act granting bounty lands to
certain officers and soldiers who have been engaged
in the military service of the United States.
A message was also here received from the
Senate, notifying the House that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the Senate's amendments to the act making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Some five months ago
a bill from the land office, interesting to my dis-
trict, was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. My friend and colleague [Mr. DrsNEY]
desires to report back that bill, and have it put
upon its passage. It is for the survey of public
lands, and it is not probable that there will be any
objection to U. I understand from the Commis-
sioner that the bill is absolutely necessary to en-
able the surveyor of the district to carry on the
survey. I ask the consent of the House to allow
that bill to be reported. It is a bill " allowing the
further time of two years to those holding lands
by entries in the Virginia mihtarydistrictofOhio,
which were made prior to the 1st of July, 1852, to
have the same surveyed and patented."
[Cries of" Let it be referred."]
Mr. DISNEY. There is very little matter in-
volved in the bill. I will explain in a few words
how the matter stands.
Mr. WALSH. I object to debate.
[Cries of "Oh, it is ail right; itis understood!"]
Mr. DISNEY. I want simply to explain the
necessity 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting ) Debate is ob-
jected to by the gentleman from New York.
Mr. DISNEY. But I do not intend to make an
argument, I merely 
[Cries of " Order!" "Order!"]
The bill was read in exlenso by the Clerk.
It provides that the officers and soldiers of the
Virginia line on the continental establishment,
their heirs or assigns, entitled to bounty lands,
who have, prior to the 1st of January, 3852, been
entered within the tract reserved by Virginia, be-
tween, the Little Miami and the Scioto rivers, from
intervening local points, shall he allowed the time
of two years, from and after the passage of the act,
to make and return their surveys, and warrants,
or certified copies of warrants, to the General Land
Office.
The question being on ordering the bill to bfc
engrossed and read a third time,
Air. WALSH. I object; let if be referred.
Mr. DISNEY. I will make a brief statement
of the facts. By the existing law there is no au
thority to survey these lands. By her deed of
cession Virginia relinquished all her right and title
to them. This provision applies to parties in
Virginia who had made entiles of portions of this
land, but cannot get them surveyed, because there
is no law authorizing them to be surveyed. This
bill simply proposes to authorize the surveyor to
survey thetn. ,j
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and '!
read a third time; and bem£ engrossed, it was 1
subsequently read the third time, and passed. '
Mr. LILLY. I rise for the purpose of asking '
a favor uf this House, a thing which I have not ,
done before this session. It s to discharge the ,
Committee o^the Whole House from the further |
consideration of a private bill, that it may be '
taken up and passed. Two weeks ago, when that
bill \gas reached on the Calendar, it was objected
to by a gentleman from North Carolina; and one r
week ago it was called again, but I was unable to j:
be here to attend to it. The gentleman who ob- j,
jected to it on a former occasion recently came to
me and requested that I should a&k the House to J
take up the bill, as he withdrew his objection to 1
it, being perfectly satisfied tha? the bill is right, i;
It is Senate hill (No. .137) for the relief of Eliza
M. Evans.
Mr BARRY. If unanimous consent is neces-
sary to take up that bill, 1 object to it, and for the
reason that for four months I have had a report i|
which i have desired to make; and to-day com-
mittees are being called, and if we proceed, there
is some chance of getting in the report.
Mr.-LILLY. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his objection.
Mr. BARRY. I cannot.
Mr. ASHE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be directed to
pay to John Costin, a laborer employed in the office of the
Clerk, two dollars a day, in consideration of additional
labor pertormed by him, commencing from the time em-
ployed, deducting therefrom the per diem alread^paid him.
Mr. BARRY. I object, most distinctly, for the
reasons which I stated before.
Mr. ASHE. If the gentleman will allow me,
I will state the circumstances of this case.
Mr. BARRY. It will do no good; for I object.
I have been trying to report a bill for a long time,
and I want the opportunity of doing so to-day.
Mr. OLDS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill abolishing
the franking privilege.
Mr. ASHE. If any objection can prevent that
bill from being reported, 1 object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to report it.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that it be pat upon
its passage.
Mr. OLDS. I have no objection to the bill
being put upon its passage, if that is the wish of
the House.
Mr. PRINOLE. [ object.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I would suggest
that nearly all these objections arise from the
fact that we are now acting under a suspension of
the rules. I hope the balance of the committees
will be culled through for reports, and it will then
be in order to proceed to other business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will adopt the
suggestion of the gentleman from Louisiana, and
will entertain no other proposition out of order
until the committees have been called through.
Mr. BAFfRY, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill "to incorporate
the Metropolitan Collegiate Institute of Washing-
ton;" which was read a first and second time by
its title, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MA^f, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported the following bills; which were
severally read a first and second time by their
titles,-referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed:
A bill concerning the apprehension and delivery
of deserters from foreign vessels m the ports of
the United States;
A bill to provide for the paymentof costs by the
United States m certain cases; and
A bill to authorize the adjudication in the courts
of the United States of certain claims of officers of
the customs.
Mr. MAY. I now ask leave to offer a resolu-
tion calling for information, that it may be fur-
nished at the next session of Congress.
It is as follows:
Resnlvrd, That the Secretary of the Interior be request-
ed ami authorized to ascertain and report to this House,
at its next session, upon what terms suiiablebuildingi for
the use ot the post office and courts of the United States
in the city of Baltimore, Maryland, can be purchased, or
binit, the same to be erected in a convenient and central
pi rice in said city; and that he leport rhe variou> proposi-
tions on tins subject that he may receive, or have consid-
ered, and his opinion on tUe &a:ne, and which is best for
the public interest-
Mr. LETCHER. Would it be m order to
amend that resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order, unless
the amendment gives rise to debate, and in that
case the resolution cannot be considered.
Mr LETCHER. I should like to have the
same inquiry proposed as to Clarksburg, Wheel-
ing, Charlestown, and Wytheville, to know what
post offices and court-houses would cost there
Mr. JONES, of Loui siuna. Have ail the com-
mittees been called • *
The SPEAKER. They have not.
Mr. JONES Then I shall object to the reso-
lution until ail th* commm^es are called. When
they are called^] sh iU withdraw my objer.i'-n.
The SPGAICER. Reports are suli in order
from the Committee on the Judiciary.
