■2£42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
Mr. JONES. At the request of gentlemen, I
withdraw my objection to the resolution submit-
ted by the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr.LETCHER. After the word "Maryland," ;
in the resolution, I move to add the following: '!
" and the towns of Staunton, Wheeling, Clarks- 1
burg, Charlestown, and Wythevilie, Virginia."
Mr. MAY. I accept the gentleman's amend-j
mentas a modification of the resolution. j
Mr. KNOX. I object,to the^resolution. ;
,Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. Let us proceed!
with the call of committees. J
" Mr. J. C. ALLEN, from the Committee on !
Private Land Claims, reported a bill " for the ;
relief of the heirs and legal representatives of, j
Captain Presley Thornton, deceased;" which was i
read a first and second time by its title, referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered J
to be printed. !;
Mr. J. C.ALLEN also, from the same commit- jj
tee, reported adversely on the petition of the heirs !j
of Obediah Hardesty for eighty dollars bounty!!
and interest, and for one hundied-acres of bounty j:
iand; which was &id on the table, and ordered to jj
be printed ]i
Mr. LETCHER. I will withdraw my amend- j!
ment to the resolution of the gentleman from !,
Maryland, fiVlr. May.] j]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-j'
ginia withdraws his amendment to the resolution
offered by the gentleman from Maryland. Is there j]
objection upon ihe part'ofany other gentleman? i
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. STEVENS, of Michigan, from the Com-
mitteeon Public Lands, reported a"bili to establish
an additional land district in the State of Wiscon-
sin;" which was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. EASTMAN. As a matter of course, it is
to be established at the will of the President.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. EASTMAN. I hope the gentleman from
New York will withdraw his objection.
Mr. WALSH. Unanimous consent was given
in the first place expressly that bills^o which no
objection was made should be reported.
Mr. STEVENS, of Michigan, from the Com-
mute on Public Lands, reported a bill " to quiet
the title to certain lands in the county of Monroe,
Michigan;" which was read a first and second
time by us title.
Mr. NOBLE. This is a bill to quiet the title
arising out of the different surveys which left
some vacancies between the private land claims
and the public lands. It is to quiet the title to
two thousand acres in the aggregate.
The bill was read through by the Clerk.
Mr. LETCHER. To save time, I object to
that bill. Let it be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
It was so ordered.
Mr. STEVENS, of Michigan. I understand
that this morning, when disposing of the business
on the Speaker's table, resolution No. 23, foi the
confirmaiion of certain entries and locations of
military lands made m the State of Michigan, was
taken up and objected to. I wish to say to the
House that that resolution was^lrawn up by the
Commissioner of Public Lands, and that it is very
desirable that it be passed, 1 wish now to have
it taken up.
The resolution was read by its title, as follows:
Senate resolution (No. 27) for the confirmation
of certain entries and locations of military lands
made in the State of Michigan.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to the consideration
of that resolution now.
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Illinois. Some three j
hours ago I asked to introduce a bill, but I have j
not yet succeeded in doing so, for the reason that
I gave way to allow other motions to be presented.
All I want is to have the bill referied.
No objection being made, Mr. W. introduced a
bill u granting pensions to all persons engaged in
the warof 1812, and the Indian wars prior thereto,
and to their widows;" which was read a first and
second time by its title, snd^eferred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PRINGLE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported the following joint resolution:
Resolved, That the several pt>n<ion laws, and bounty
land laws, :>hail not be so construed as to exclude from the
benefits thereof, Tndians belonging to the Seneca nation of
Indians who served in the war of 1812, where, by the terms
of such laws, Indians are now excepted and excluded.
Mr. PRINGLE. I ask that theresolution may
be put upon its passage.
No objection being made, the resolution was
ordered to be engrossed, and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. HAVEN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed, and also to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take up Senate bill No. 338, and
put it upon its passage. It is a very important
and meritorious bill, for the relief of Robert G.
Thompson.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. Are the commit-
tees still being called?
The SPEAKER. They have not been called
through yet.
Mr. JONES. Then I object to taking up any
bills until the committees are called through. I
have been here a long time waiting to get a bill in.
Mr. CHANDLER. I asked the House some
time since to appoint a committee upon a memo-
rial from the Smithsonian Institute. The com-
mittee was appointed, and it is now preparing a
report, but has not finished it. I understand that
the committee expires with the expiration of the
present session of Congress. I move that the
committee may be permuted to make their report
at the next session.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. As a member of the Committee
on Military Affairs, I desire to ask wlmt is the
proper disposition for committees to make of the
papers in their charge upon which no action has
been had ?
The SPEAKER. Let them remain in the sev-
eral committee rooms, and they will be taken care
of and restored to the committees again at the
next session of Congress.
Mr. DAWSON. I ask the consent of the
House to allow me to offer a resolution.
Mr. WALSH. Is it the report of a committee?
Mr. DAWSON. Yes, sir. It is to pay to
Charles J. Ingersoll the per diem and mileage to
which he is entitled under the usual custom of the
House for the Twenty-Sixth Congress.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. DAWSON I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
gentleman that the order of the House for calling
committees for reports is still unexecuted.
Mr. McMULLIN. I hopetheChair will enter-
tain no special motion until the order of the House
for calling committees has been executed.
* Mr. CRAIGE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report back Senate bill (No. 227)
to authorize the extension and completion of the
Treasury building; and also to construct build-
ings for the War, Navy, and Interior Depart-
ments, with a view of putting it upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina is not in order.
Mr. CRAIGE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House.
Mr. McMULLIN. I object.
Mr. CRAIGE. [ appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw his objection.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 will withdraw my ob-
jection as soon as the call of committees for reports
has been concluded. But until that time, 1 will
object to everything else.
Mr. CRAIGE. I desire to state the objects of
the bill. It is to provide for completing the Treas-
ury Building, and for erecting suable buildings
for the War, Navy, and other Departments of the
Government. It is to provide for what has been
recommended by every Administration,from Gen-
eral Jackson's down to the present day.
[Loud cries of " Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. CRAIGE. I will state to the House that
I was informed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury 
The SPEAKER. Objection is made to asy
explanation.
Mr. CRAIGE. I desire to make a statement
which will remove all objection to the bill being
puf on its passage.
The SPEAKER. Objection has been made by
half a dozen to any explanation.
Mr. CRAIGE. That being the case, I shall
resume my seat.
Mr. FLAGLER, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported a bill " for the re-
lief of Esther Lovejoy;" which was read a fiist
and second time by its title, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. LETCHER. I move the House do now
adjourn. The Senate have adjourned.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would beg the
gentleman to withdraw his motion until he pre-
sents a communication from the War Depart-
ment.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw it for that pur-
pose.
NATIONAL ARMORIES.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House a
communication from the War Department, stating
that among the papers transmitted in the report
of yesterday in answer to a resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 31st ultimo,
there was a letter from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, stating that the Commissioner of the Public
Buildings and Grounds, when the chairman of the
select committee was applicant for that office, had
the supervision of the Capitol extension, and the
statement was referred to in the report in recapitu-
lating the contents of the paper submitted. The
Secretary of War submitted a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, stating that his
report above referred to was erroneous in that
particular, and that the Capitol extension was not
under the supervision of the Commissioner of the
Public Buildings and Grounds when the applica-
tion was made.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move that
the communication be laid upon the table and
printed, as a part of the communication yesterday
received from the Secretary of War.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered
Mr. LETCHER. I renew the motion that the
House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. After four o'clock the House
could not, perhaps, under the rules, if objected to,
receive reports'from any committee of conference.
Mr. LETCHER. That is understood.
LOSS OF THE MAIL STEAMER BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee of confer-
ence upon the ocean mail steamer bill have disa-
greed. The Senate committee having possession
of the papers made a report to the Senate, and
debated it awhile; but 1 understand now that the
Senate have adjourned until to-morrow, which
kills the ocean mail steamer bill for this year.
i would like, if it is in order, to move a reconsid-
eration of the vote by which House bill No. 461
was committed to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The SPEAKER. The motion can be entered,
but not considered now.
Mr. HOUSTON. My attention had been
called to the bill by a Senator, who asked me to
take charge of it for him. 1 was not here when
it was referred, and my object is to reconsider the
vote by which it was referred, so as to bring it
before the House and pass it.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is a private claim for the
relief in some way of the Indian Bureau. 1 know
nothing about the case except 
Mr. CAMPBELL. If that is all the explana-
tion the gentleman can give, I object.
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Illinois. My col-
league in the Senate has informed me -that some
papers were carried to Berkeley Springs by Gen-
eral Shields, who has goneto see Colonel Bissell,
in favor of making a port of delivery at Rock
Island. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House 
Mr. CAMPBELL. It would be the entering
wedge for a custom-house, and we can take the
subject up the next session.
Mr. BOCOCK. I wish to submit a privileged
question to the Chair. It was agreed this morning
—and I ask the attention of the Speaker to this
point—that after four o'clock this evening no mo-
tion should be in order except a motion to adjourn.
Now, if we adjourn to-day we adjourn to meet
to-morrow at ten o'clock, and if we adjourn to-
morrow, we adjourn to meet on Monday at ten
o'clock, unless we fix some other time.
The SPEAKER. It is fixed at eight o'clock.
