1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
the slightest degree. That bill will settle up the i
new Stales; its  -jTect will be to increase the pnc.e j
of the cultivated lands in the new States by re- j
moving from competition the neighboring lands !
now for sale at §1 per acre; and it will result j
in relieving the public Treasury from the expense !
of governing and maintaining the Territories, as i
they will at an early day be settled by the labor- j
ing men of the country, and, under the operations I
of that bill, come into the Union as States. That \
bill will settle the country; and railroads will fol- j
low that settlement, where they are needed by the I
people.
But there is another objection which I have, and
which my constituents have, to these bills. We in
Indiana know something about the danger inci-
dent to combinations of this sort. I do notcharge
gentlemen with acting in concert by agreement;
but I do say that community of interests makes
combinations here that are dangerous to the coun-
try. We in Indiana, by combinations of this sort,
passing bill after bill for the construction of rail-
roads, canals, and turnpikes, and the friends of
each proposition rallying to the support of all, were
bankrupt, and were left without one single work
completed, in debt thirteen millions of dollars.
Under the operations of this log-rollmg system our
people were induced to commence simultaneously
works of internal improvement that would have
cost fifty millions of dollars to complete. The sys-
tem failed; the bubble burst, and the people of In-
diana are now, in the shape of taxes, paying for
the folly of their legislators who adopted this log-
rolling policy, if I had no other objection to this
policy I should object to the combination incident
to the introduction of so many propositions of a
similar character.
I am made to say, in the report of yesterday's
proceedings, as follows:
" I may say to the Delegate that there is a large amount
of lands, say six thousand acres, held by persons now hero,
perhaps upon tins floor."
I did not intend to say, nor did T say, " perhaps
upon this floor " I have been requested by gen-
tlemen upon this floor—the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eastman] among the number—to
state where 1 derived this information. I have
stated it; and I desire to say that i know Captain
Tilton, and a more gallant and courteous gentle-
man is not to be found. He is a friend of this
bill. In conversing with him on the subject of
this projected road, I asked him the situation of
the lands lying along the route. He made the com-
munication recited by me yesterday. He ascer-
tained that he was mistaken; and although I am
opposed to this hill, yet I would not withhold one
single iota of testimony or information that would
tend to remove prejudice from the mind of any
member of this body, or elsewhere. I have had
the notes read, first, in justice to myself, and sec-
ondly, that the projectors, or the friends of this
bill, may have the advantage of the correction
made by Captain Tilton.
Mr. BISSELL. To whatever extent I may
have wronged the gentleman from Indiana, to that
extent I am most willing to make honorable
amends, not only on account of the pleasant and
friendly relations of the past, but because it
would be right. In our discussion yesterday on
a bill in which a great many members of this
body took great interest, and upon which it was
thought quite possible that a vote might be taken
before the adjournment, the gentleman from In-
diana declared that an individual, or individuals
were owners of a large tract of land at one of the
termini of the proposed road.
Mr. LANE. That I had been so informed.
Mr. B1S3ELL. I meant to say that. He said
that he had been so informed by a person of such
credibility as to give it, in his mind, the impress
of truth, or words to that effect. It evidently pro-
duced what I think it ought not to have done if
strictly correct, an impression upon the commit-
tee adverse to the bill. What had the friends of
the bill to do under such circumstances, exeept to
ask for that information which would enable them,
if there were any error in it, to expose that error,
and thus do away with any unfair and unjust pre-
judice raised against the bill in consequence of the .j
sta'ement? Was it not right to ask for that' The ;|
gentleman from Indiana was asked if he had the i
information in his power. He said he had. We 1
said, "Give it to us." Of course my meaning 'i
being, so far as I had anything to do with it, that I!
we might treat of it, and that we might, if it were
true, let it go before the House for what it was
worth; if it were not true, then let us come here
and show it, so that the bill might not be damni-
fied by an unjust suspicion—the gentleman admit-
ting that he had it in his power to give the inform-
ation on the spot.
So while there was a probability—as I said
before—or, at least, a possibility that a vote would
be taken on the bill within two hours' time, I ask
was it very unreasonable m me to say—and I put it
to the gentleman from Indiana himself, and per-
haps it was, though I do not see it—was it very
unreasonable in me to say that I suspected the
gentleman would prefer to give the name of his
informant after the bill would have passed ? That
is what I said; and that is what the gentleman
complains of. Now, Mr. Chairman, I repeat,
that, to my own mind, it does not appear that in
saying so I was out of the way. Nevertheless,
if it seems so to my honorable friend* i am sorry
that 1 made the remarks, for I would not, need-
lessly or wantonly, wound the feelings of any
gentleman here; and I would be as far from sus-
pecting the gentleman from Indiana of anything
unfair as any other gentleman in the House. But
in time of debate, and while a little excitement
exists, everybody knows how things go in this
House.
Allow me to say another word on this subject
May I not claim a little credit, at least, for what I
said? for that itself has brought out the gentle-
man [Mr. Lane] on the floor this morning in a
considerable refutation of the facts which were
previously mentioned here by himself. If I had
not said that which he now complains of there
might be many members of this House laboring
under the impression that what the gentleman
had stated was correct, and thus the bill might
have been unfairly injured. But the remark which
I made to him—that of which he complains—had
the elfect of inducing him to do just what I in-
tended he should do; that is, come here this morn-
ing, finding his statement incorrect, and make
a correct statement of the fact, and thus do away
with the erroneous impression his remarks yes-
terday might have caused. *
Mr LANE. Will the gentleman from Illinois
permit me to interrupt him with an explanation ?
Mr. BISSELL. Of course; with great pleas-
ure.
Mr LANE. I expected, if the gentleman from
Illinois will permit me, that after the adjournment
of the House some gentleman interested in the bill
would drop me a line, asking me for the name of
my informant. I intended, on the receipt of that
note, to go to my informant—my friend—a gen-
tleman of standing and respectability—a man of
gallantry—and submit this note to hirn, and say
to him, " I want your permission to give you as
the author of this information" 
Mr. BISSELL, (interrupting.) Well, Mr.
Chairman, it is a mere difference of opinion be-
tween us as to the proper manner of doing partic-
ular kinds of business. I thought that if he could
make so free, from the conversation he had with
his friend, as to come here and publish it as a fact,
with a view to make weight against an important
bill about to be voted upon in the House, he ought
to have no hesitation m giving his informant's
name; or, at least, in furnishing us with some
other clue to ascertain the correctness of the state-
ment.
Mr. LANE. Will the gentleman permit me to
interrupt him again ? It seems to me but just to
say, that in the outset I merely inquired of the
Delegate from Minnesota as to these facts; and that
the other remarks were drawn from me by other
observations made in the House. Mr. Chairman,
I have no doubt of the will, of the intentions, of
the honorable gentleman from Illinois. I am not
disposed to complain of him, and so there need
not be a word more said on the subject.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had passed a
joint resolution of the House (No. 17) for settling
the account of A. Boyd Hamilton, without
amendment.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of the
following titles:
S No. 44, An act making a grant of public
lands to the several States of the Union, for the
benefit of indigent insane persons.
S. No. 137. An act to incorporate the proprie-
tors of the Glenwood cemetlry.
S. No. 256. An act for the relief of the West
Feliciana railroad, and the Georgia Railroad and
Banking Company.
In which he was directed to ask the concur*
rence of the House. *
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the , report
of the committee of conference on the bill of the.
House (No. 135) for the relief of the United States
troops which were sufferers by the recent disaster
to the steamship San Francisco.]
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I desire, Mr. Chair-
man, to say a word or two, but not anything in
regard to the merits of this bill. That has been
pretty fully discussed. I wish to leave that mat-
ter to the good sense of this committee; but I de-
sire to notice some remarks which fell from the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Lane] in relation to
the history of Indiana. I eniertain for her some
feehng8of pride; and I make my remarks in vin-
dication of the truth of history. I know the gen-
tleman would not misrepresent her history, if his
recollection was right; fyutheis not quite as old as
I am, and does not recollect all the incidents of
her history as well as myself.
Fie has notified ns that he is opposed to the
bill, and all others having in view the appropria-
tion of lands for railroads. That is ail right, as
far as he is concerned. He has a right to vote
against this and all other like bills; but if he. will
look back to the history of that State, he will find
that when she was plunged into debt this Gov-
ernment stepped forward and relieved her by the
most liberal donation of land ever made to any
State of this Union. When she had undertaken
a system of internal improvement upon her own
credit, and had crippled herself, and was upon the
point of repudiating her debts, she wasenahled to
place herself right by a liberal grant of land from
the General Government to enable her to complete
her works.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Lane] is
right in voting against this bill, if, as he tells us,
his constituents are opposed to this kind of legis-
lation; and whenever the constituents of any gen-
tlemanupon this floor are opposed to any measure
he ought to vote against it. But these Territories,
which are very remote from you, are dependent.
They have a thin population, and no vote upon
this floor. Their interests are in the hands of the
Congress of the United States. They can ask for
what is right, and it is for you to consider what
is due them, and to do for them accordingly. I
have no doubt of the justness and propriety of
this bill, and believe that you will do much to-
wards promoting the interests of that country, and
in settling it,and enable her thereby a yearor two
sooner to come into the Union to take her stand
among the States, not only to have a voice, and
the right of talking upon this floor, but a vote
also. -There is room enough off of the railroad
lines to enable everybody who desires to avail
himself of the provisions of the homestead bill;
and when they do so their interest will be greatly
promoted by the establishment of railways through
the country, as a means of enabling them to ob-
tain access to a market for their produce.
In reference to the necessity of these roads for
military purposes,about which thegentleman from
Virginia has been speaking to-day, I would say
that military posts are necessary m that country,
although there is no danger of any foreign power
invading the country. But it is not only neces-
sary for military purposes—as posts must be kept
up for the protection of the fronteirs—but it is
necessary for the conveniences of the country.
Large grants of land have been made to the States,
but none larger than to the State which thegentle-
man himself in part represents.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I desire to propound
one question to thegentleman. I stated that com-
binations, under a log roiling system, had bank-
rupted Indiana, {understood thegentleman from
Oregon [Mr. Lane] to say that the grant of land
from the Ge.neral Government had relieved Indiana
from bankruptcy. I desire to ask the Delegate
from Oregon whether the grant to which he re-
fers was not made to ihe State of Indiana long
before that time, for the construction of the longest
canal in the United Sfates, and whether we were
not compelled, by the great bankruptcy thus pro-
duced, to part with that entire work? Was not
thegentleman himself a distinguished actor in the
