THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mareh Si.
deed' of cession ? And would that cession have
been made had prudence and wisdom controlled
oar legislators ?
Mr. LANE, of Oregon, (resuming.) It is
very true that, many years ago, I think it was in
1827, Congress granted to the State of Indiana, a
large tract of land for making a canal from Lake
Erie to the Wabash. That canal was made by
mfehnfi of this grant. After that was. done we
entered upon a general system of internal improve-
ments, pledging the faith of the State for that pur-
pose; and it was proposed to extend that canal the
whole length-of the State to the Ohio river. We
Went into all manner of railroad projects; and
plighting the faith of the State, we borrowed a
large sum of money, and expended it without
making any works, and then fell back upon this
Government for aid to carry them through. By
means of a liberal grant of land from the Govern-
ment, the State was finally enabled to make ar-
rangements' with her bond-holders and her cred-
itors, by which she has completed a portion of
Iter- works-, and she is now in as prosperous a con-
dition as any State in the Union. The day is not
far distant, I think, when she will have more
facilities in the way of communication, more roads,
and stand in a better condition, than almost any
other State.
I only desired to say that the grant now under
consideration ought to be made, and I think that
my friend from Indiana, in my judgment—al-
though I would not persuade him from his own
course—ought to come up and vote for this Min-
nesota bill, and be willing to extend to that Ter-
ritory the blessings which the Government ex-
tended to Indiana when I was a resident of that
State.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I have a warm heart
for Minnesota.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is not my purpose
to undertake to reply to the various remarks that
have been submitted by gentlemen in relation to
this bill. Thedebate has taken a very wide range,
and gentlemen have discussed not only the pro-
priety of the particular bill under consideration,
but a great many other things irrelevant thereto.
I do not propose to pursue them m all their wan-
derings, but to consider at once the question prac-
tically before the committee.
1 stated in the outset that the proposition under
consideration was to grant lands to Minnesota
inside of the Territory alone. The gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] thinks if we make
the terminus upon the lake that we will have to
go into the Indian country. The whole distance
which this road will have to pass in Wisconsin,
as-1 am informed by gentlemen who live in that
State, is probably fifteen or twenty miles. 1 have
prepared amendments to the bill, which I intend
to submit without going into the discussion of the
merits of the bill at all, for I desire to get a vote
upon it immediately, that we may pass upon it,
ami-be ready to consider the other territorial bills,
which ought to be considered and passed. I have
no doubt that every gentleman upon the floor has
made up his mind how he will vote upon this bill.
The first amendment I propose is to strike from
the first section in the bill the words: " for facili-
tating the transportation of'the mails, men, muni-
tions, and for other purposes;" so as to make it
read " that there be, and hereby is, granted to the
Territory of Minnesota,"&c.
The next amendment which I shall propose is
one of much importance, because it relieves the
bill from the quibble which may be raised irt refer-
ence to it. I (is to add in the tenth line, after the
word " lands," the words " in the said Territory
of Minnesota," so as to confine the donation ex-
clusively to rhe lands inside the Territory.
These are the amendments which I propose to
offer to the bill; and I think 1 may call upon every
gentleman of the House, whether he is opposed
to the bill or m favor of it, to cast his vole with-
out further discussion. If gentlemen cannot ap-
prove the provisions of the bill let them vote
against it. All I ask is, that they shall not delay
the time of the House by the discussion of ques-
tions that are not pertinent to the bill. Let us dis-
pose of it in some way or other, so that we may pro-
ceed to the consideration of other business. I think
I have the light to ask it. It is not unreasonable
to do so. } do ask gentlemen to take the vote
upon the bill without further discussion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will my
colleague permit me to say one word before he
yields the floor?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly; I will yield
to the gentleman.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 feel an exceedingly
great interest in the measure which the committee
is now considering. It is a bill of vast importance
to the section of country which I have the honor
to represent on this floor, and my constituents took
to its-passage with very- great solicitude.
There w-as one thing in the bill that has attracted
my attention. I refer to that provision which re-
fers to the privilege of extending the road through
the State of Iowa to a given point on the Missis-
sippi river. But I understand from the chairman
of the Committee on Territories in the House,
[Mr. Richardson,] who I know to be a good law-
yer; and I understood from the chairman of the
Territorial Committee in the Senate, [Mr. Doug-
las,] who is a distinguished lawyer and judge,
that this extension was not intended to, and does
not carry, any land with it, but was only inserted
to show the direction that it was to take; that it
was not intended to grant any land whatever out-
side of the territorial limits of Minnesota. How-
ever, whatever may have been the true construc-
tion of the language granting the privilege to ex-
tend the road outside the boundary of the Terri-
tory, the amendment just proposed by my col-
league, the chairman of thecommittee, [Mr. Rich-
ardson,] settles the matter, if, indeed, there had
been any doubt on the subject before.
If the bill had provided expressly for a grant of
land in Iowa, I should have desired to offer an
amendment, if 1 could have done so without en-
dangering the passage of the bill. But as any
amendment by a friend of the bill might tend to
embarrass it, and as it was the road I wanted, I
determined not to move any minor amendments,
even though I might consider such amendments
important.
1 will suggest the reasons why I should have
desired the amendment to which I have alluded,
if my friend and colleague [Mr. Richardson] had
not proposed the alteration of the bill, and if the
construction which I have just stated had been of-
fered as *he true legal one. There are two great
lines of railroad which will run across the State of
Illinois from Chicago to Galena and the Missis-
sippi river. If a road be built under this grant, it
will be a feeder to one or both of these roads.
These two roads run through my district; and my
amendment (had I offered it) would have been so
to have changed the bill that there should be two
termini, one connecting with the Illinois Central,
at Dunleith, Illinois, and the other at the mouth
of the valley of the Ute de Mort, connecting with
the Chicago and St. Charles Air-Line railroad.
Thus giving two outlets; doing justice to all inter-
ests, and injuring none. But the amendment pro-
posed by the chairman, and even the bill without
any amendment, according to the construction
given to it, makes no grant of land to Iowa. The
road will now terminate at the southern boundary
of Minnesota. Private enterprise will build roads
to connect with it; and the company which first
builds a road to that point will get the benefit
which its enterprise deserves.
Being, Mr. Chairman, in favor of the principle
of these railroad grants, and particularly in the
application of the principle to the construction of
this particular road, opening up an intercourse
with the enterprising and hardy pioneers of that
magnificent Territory, I hope to see the bill re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
it do pass. We have had an able and temperate
discussion upon its merits, and I trust the com-
mittee is satisfied of the justice of the measure.
Mr. R1CHARSON. I do not propose to sub-
mit any further remarks upon this subject. I do
not desire to consume the time of the committee.
I think the bill is as well understood now as it
would be after two or three days of further dis-
cussion. The propositions involved in it are all
plain and simple.
I will say to my colleague [Mr. Washburne]
that I do not desire to cheat anybody, or to be
cheated myself. I have said all along that this
grant is to be confined to the Territory of Minne-
sota. That is what I mean; and the amendment
which I have proposed will remove all possible
doubt.
Mr. WASHBURNE. As I said to my col-
league, I am satisfied with his suggestion, and do
not intend to move any amendment to the bill, if
it is left precisely os it now stands.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is first on
the adoption of the amendment which has been
submitted by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Richakdsgn.]
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman from Illinois
yield me a portion of his time ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Oh, certainly.
Mr. ORR. I desire to say that if theamend1
ment suggested by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories should be agreed to by the
committee, it will remove the greatest objection
that I urged yesterday evening to the passage of
the bill.
I still, myself, doubt the propriety of making
donations to a Territory; but if the principle is
correct, I shall not feel myself called upon to make
any serious opposition to it. It was in conse-
quence of a new feature being introduced here
that I felt called upon, yesterday evening, to make
the remarks that 1 did in opposition to the bill.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. I wish to ask
the gentleman from Illinois a question, with his
permission.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will hear the gentle-
man's question.
Mr. HARRIS. Has any company been char-
tered for the construction of this road ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. There has not been.
Mr. HARRIS. Then it is a mere blind grant
to the Territory.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Having nothing further
to say, I now submit the first of the amendments
I have indicated, and I will submit the other as
soon as we reach that part of the bill.
Mr. CUTTING. With the permission of the
chairman of the Committee on Territories, I will
make a suggestion in reference to this bill, which
will apply to all others of the same character. I •
throw it out for reflection, and I submit it to the
candid judgment of the gentleman from Illinois,
and of the members of this committee.
It is very evident to me that there is a strong
inclination on the part, probably, of a large major-
ity of the committee, to adopt the course of policy
of transferring the public lands upon a considera-
tion in the nature of a contract. As I understand
the theory of this and analagous bills, it is, that
in order to open up the country, in the first place,
and in the next, in order to obtain facilities for
carrying the mails and munitions of war, the Gen-
eral Government undertakes to give, by patent, to
the States, a bounty of land, upon a contract on
the part of the States that they will apply it to a
particular purpose, and that for all future timethe
mails and munitions of war shall be carried for
the use of the Government upon such terms as the
bill- prescribes.
It is, therefore, in the nature of a contract or
compact between the General Government and the
State. Now I will beg to suggest what, I suppose,
will result, in substance, to the same beneficial
end as regards the State as this bill does; that there
should be guarantees or safeguards, if possible,
thrown around it. Under the terms of this bill,
when the road is commenced and twenty miles of
it are finished, they have the disposition of the
lands on each side. And, as I understand it, the
title to this property passes the very moment it
becomes a complete bill. I understand that the
moment this House concurs with the Senate, and
the bill is approved by the Executive, en iwtanti,
the'whole title of the United States to these lands
passes to the Territory. And in this instance the
quantity is somewhat considerable, say a million
of acres; but that does not touch the principle,
whether it be more or less. According to the terms
of this bill, the very moment that it becomes a per-
fect law, that moment the title to these lands, or
the right to locate them, at once is vested in the
Territory.
Mr. ORR. For twenty miles.
Mr. CUTTING. Of course within the limits
provided. Now I would suggest whether it
would not be a wise precaution for this Congress
to adopt in all these bills the provision which I
shall read ? 1 have sketched it hastily this morn-
ing in the shape of an amendment, rather for the
purpose of drawing attention to it; and if gentle-
men do not think that it contained the principles
of safe legislation, why I am not in the least de-
gree tenacious about it. The amendment which
1 have drawn will, perhaps, explain itself as-well'
