1286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
funds for education and other purposes. But it is
very obvious that in the course of events, which
we cannot mistake, we may obtain the amount
in some other way. The Cherokees have a large
amount of country in the present boundaries of
Kansas and Nebraska which they wish to sell;
and it was believed by the* committee to be an ap-
propriate plan to take the amount out of the money
which may be paid to them for that purchase; for
when purchases are made, of course the Govern-
ment gives them a certain price for th« land. The
committee thought that, instead of requiring them
to pay the whole amount at one time, it was bet-
ter to enable the President to give them some easy
terms, rather than take the amount out of their
annuities at this time, which are most of them
trust funds. That is the reason why the com-
mittee did not express in their amendment, what
was the unanimous opinion among them, that the
amount ought to be taken out of the Cherokee
funds.
Mr. HUNTER. I will suggest to the Senator
to attach a proviso, saying that the amount shall
be taken out in such sums, and in such manner,
as the President of the United States shall deem
proper.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will accept that amend-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. To meet the view of the Sen-
ator from Arkansas, 1 propose to add the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That the same shall be reserved from the sums
of money hereafter to be paid lo the Western Cherokees,
m such manner, and m Mich amounts, as the President of
the United States may direct.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I would suggest to the
Senator that it would be better not to use the term
" reserved," for it looks as if the United States
were not primarily to pay the amount. My wish
is that the Government should first pay it, because
it is a small amount to be distributed among so
large a nation as the Cherokees, and then to
reserve it hereafter, out of th'e funds of the Cher-
okees west, so that the North Carolina Indians
may now get the $92,000, and the Government
indemnify itself hereafter.
Mr. HUNTER. I think that is the effect of
the proviso as it now stands.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. If so, I am satisfied.
Mr. HUNTER. This touches only the amount
to be reserved. But instead of using the term
"reserved," I will say "reimbursed," so as to
express the idea exactly.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. That will accomplish the
object.
The amendment to the amendment, as modified,
was agreed to; and the amendment, as amended,
was adopted.
Mr. GWIN. I oiler the following amendment i
For a cletk to the superintendent of Indian aflairs in the
Territory of Washington, $l,8U0.
Mr. President, I understand that the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs for every one of the
superintendences has a clerk, except the super-
intendentin Washington Territory. Thisamend-
ment is in pursuance of an estimate from the
Department allowing $1,800 for this clerk. The
papers have come to the committee, but they could
not. lay their hands on them at this time. I hope
the amendment will be adopted. It is indispen-
sably necessary for the dischaige of the duties of
this officer.
Mr. WALKER. I do not rise for the purpose
of making objection to this appropriation, but to
correct the Senator from California in one particu-
lar, and upon that to make a remark. He is mis-
taken when he says each of the superintendents j
is allowed a clerk. I believe that when you get
out of the region of Wisconsin, a little more lib-
erality i% pursued by the Government than ever
has been pursued there. The northern superin-
tendent had a clerk under the last Administration;
but when this Administration came into power,
his clerk was respectfully taken from him.
Mr. BROWN. Respectfully! [Laughter.]
Mr. WELLER. It could not have been done
any other way. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. WALKER. Yes, sir, the superintendent
was " very respectfully" deprived of his clerk;
while the local Indian agent in Detroit, Michigan,
is allowed a messenger, who acts in the capacity
of clerk, and discharges all the duties of the agency
besides, for the agent himself does not live at De-
troit, but lives cm the line of the Southern Michi-
gan and Northern Indiana railroad, and does not
attend to his duties at all. He is allowed a clerk,
or what is the same thing, a messenger, who dis-
charges the duties. 1 have never taken occasion
to volunteer remarks when the subject of them
was not legitimately before the Senate; but 1 feel
that on this occasion i can, with propriety and
with justice to the northern superintendent, com-
plain that, while his compensation is no greater
than that of any other superintendent, and while
his duties are extended over a very considerable
region of country, he has been deprived of his
clerk and messenger, and nothing in the world is
allowed him as furniture for his office but a pine
table and an old desk.
Mr. BROWN. Move an amendment to give
him a clerk. Put him in with the other superin-
tendent.
Mr. GWIN. I do not controvert the position
of the Senator from Wisconsin; but we have made
a large appropriation in this bill to enable Gov-
ernor Stevens, who is the superintendent of In-
dian affairs m Washington, to muke a number of
treaties with the Blackteet, and others, and it is
indispensable that he should have a clerk to enable
him to discharge hi%duties. 1 hope we shall dis-
pose of this proposition without bringing up the
question in legard to other superintendents.
Mr. STUART. 1 do not wish to oppose this
amendment, brut I rise simply to correct the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin m what he supposes to be a
very great delinquency on the part of the Indian
agent at Detroit. He is entirely mistaken in
respect to the attention of that agent to the duties
of bis office. It is true that his chief residence is
in the southern part of the State; but it is equally
true that almost all of his time is spent in dis-
charging the duties of his office at Detroit and
elsewheie. I do not wish to say anything in
respect to the superintendent resident in Wiscon-
sin, as to the character of the furniture in his
office, or anything of that sort. It may be very
inadequate; but it ts a mistake to suppose that the
agent at Detroit does not attend to his business.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the amendment will
not be entertained. It is creating a new office.
It has not been brought before any of the com-
mittees, and 1, for one, am not prepared to create
additional offices for these superintendents with-
out knowing something as to the necessity for
them. I think, if there be any necessity for the
rule which is so frequently applied to amendments
to appropriation bills, this is a case where we are
called upon to apply it. It is a proposition to
create a new office, and to make an appropriation
for it, in a case where none now exists by law.
If the rule be worth anything, except to be ap-
plied to cases which you do not like, it seems to
me that this is one of these cases where it ought
to operate to exclude the amendment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I feel it due to state that
I have justat this moment received a communica-
tion from the Indian office, which has, I know,
for some jlime, had under consideration the pro-
priety of allowing a clerk to the superintendents
of Washington and New Mexico. I take it for
granted, therefore, without reading them, that
these papers are recommendations of that project.
They are letters from the Department and from
Governor Stevens, m relation to the superintend-
ence embraced in the amendment. I had a con-
ference with Governor Stevens but a few moments
since, and he earnestly recommended this propo-
sition. The objection which I had to it, and which
I stated to him, was the fact that the Governors
of these Territories where they were supenntend-
ents, heid a Secretary of State provided for, who
could hold both offices. He stated the fact that
it was physically impossible for the Secretary of
State, at least during half the year, to' do the
business of clerk to the Superintendent of Indian
affairs. He said that there were about fifty tribes
of Indiansin Washington Territory speakingdif-
ferent languages; that he expected the correspond-
ence, the taking of repeated census, and one
thing and another would employ the time of that
clerk in such a manner that the office would not
be a sinecure; and that it was utterly impossible
either that he or the Secietaiy of State could per-
form the duties of that office. The salary which
it is proposed to pay the clerk—$1,800—I believe
is reasonable.
Mr. GWIN. Some of these tribes are a thou-
sand miles off from the seat of government of the
Territory where the secretary must be during the
absence of the Governor.
Mr. HUNTER. The honorable Senator from
Arkansas, as he informs us, has the estimate of
the Secretary of the Interior. If so,The amend-
ment is certainly in order; but I think we ought
to hesitate in regard to creating these offices. I
understand from the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, that the only superintendents
who at present have a clerk, are the superintend-
ent in California, and the superintendent at St.
Louis. Then, it would seem to follow, that if we
give a clerk to this superintendency, we must go
on and create the same office in regard to the
others. This I am not prepared to do.
Mr. WALKER. It may be well to remark,
that heretofore, by a departmental arrangement,
these clerks have been allowed, and the superin-
tendents have been deprived of them when the
Indian Bureau or the Department of the Interior
deemed it proper. In this instance, it seems to me
a little strange that a clerk should not be ailowed
to this superintendent, if one be necessary. It
has seemed equally strange that the noithern su-
perintendent should be deprived of his clerk, and
be left with neither clerk nor messenger, and re-
quired himself to discharge all the duties, make
payments, keep his accounts, make his reports,
take charge of the office, and transact everything
of that kind, without any other assistance than
what he derives from the local agents, who are
removed at very considerable distances from him.
I wish, however, while I am up, to offer an
amendment to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from California, to add:
AndforacIerU to the superintendent of Indian affairs
for the northern &upeiiutendeney,§800.
I think that superintendent can employ one
there for that small sum, which is $200 less than
is allowed to the messenger for the local agent at
Detroit.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I observe that the Secre*
tary of the Interior, in making the recommenda-
tion which he has done as to the superintendency
embraced in this amendment, has extended it to a
clerk for the superintendency in the Territory of
New Mexico at an annual salary of $1,000. He
recommends, in the same letter, the allowance of
a clerk to the superintendent of Washington Ter-
ritory and of New Mexico Territory. J suppose
the Senator from California will accept the amend-
ment which ! suggest to include New Mexico, as
it was estimated for and recommended by the
Department at the same time that the other was.
Mr, GWIN. I accept the amendment sug-
gested by the Senator from Arkansas.
Mr. HUNTER. Those amendments for which
there are estimates are in order; but the others
are manifestly not.
Mr. WALKER. I presume it is in the power
of a member of the Senate to offer an amendment
to an amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. Not to add a new appropria-
tion, unless it come within the provisions of the
rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Adams.)
The 30th rule provides that " no amendment
proposing additional appropriations shall be re-
ceived to any general appropriation bill, unless it
be made to carry out the provisions of some exist-
ing law, or some act or resolution previously
passed by the Senate during that session, or
moved by direction of a standing committee of
the Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate from
the head of some of the Departments." No pro-
posed appropriation of money, in the opinion of
the Chair, is in order as an amendment* unless it
comes within these provisions, and the Chair
holds that the same rule applies to an amendment
to an amendment as to an original amendment.
Mr. WALKER. Then the Chair decides my
amendment to be out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I ask that the amendment
be modified by adding to it, " to be allowed in the
discretion of the Secretary of the Interior." I do
so for the purpose of enabling the Secretary to
dispense with the additional assistance, if he
thinks the service of the Department will admit of
it. I know that heretofore a clerk was allowed,
and an appropriation was made for one for the
southern superintendency, but the Department
has been able to dispense with the services of that
clerk, and consequently the office was abolished.
