THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1854.
New Series....No. 135.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of H. Gold Rogers,
late charge d'affaires of the United States to Sar-
dinia, praying to be allowed arrears of compensa-
tion, submitted an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred documents in the case of J. G.
Schwarr, late consul of the United States at Vien-
na, praying compensation for diplomatic services,
submitted a report thereon; which was ordered to
be printed; and the committee were discharged
from the further consideration of the subject.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of George Frasier, pray-
ing remuneration for losses sustained in conse-
quence of the seizure of his property, and the im-
prisonment of himself by the Mexican authorities
in 1840, submitted a report thereon; which was
ordered to be pynted; and the committee were
discharged from the further consideration of the
subject.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives for the relief of W. D. Porter, of the
United States Navy, reported it back without
amendment.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Pi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill making ap-
propriations for the transportation of the United
States mail by ocean steamers and otherwise,
during the fiscal year ending tfie 30th of June,
1855, reported it back without amendment.
REV. JAMES KING.
Mr. ROCKWELL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to furnish, for the use of the Senate, (if not incom-
patible with the public interests,) copies of that part of the
correspondence, which has not been already furnished,
between the Department of State and Mr. Marsh, our Min-
ister to Constantinople, relative to the affairs o{ the Rev.
James King.
Gardner's dictionary.
Mr. BRODHEAD submitted the following res-
olution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee oil Military Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of purchasing 
copies of Gardner's dictionary of the Army, for distribu-
tion among the Senate.
DRY-DOCK AT PENSACOLA.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I rise for the
purpose of making an inquiry of the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Gwin.1
It will be recollected that some months since I
introduced a resolution calling on that committee
to examine and report as to the work for build-
ing a dry-dock and basin at the Pensacola navy-
yard. A report from the Navy Department was
received on that subject, and referred to the
Committee on'Naval Affairs on my motion, but I
believe that committee have not yet made a
report on the subject. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
whether we are to expect a report from the com-
mittee during this session. Whilst 1 am on the
floor, t would remark, sir, that it is important
some action should be taken by Congress upon J
the subject. It appears by the report from the
Department, which was submitted to the commit- !
tee, that these contractors werepaid the full amount
of their contract price, though the work which ,
they performed was not received by the Govern- ;
ment. They have by that means obtained nearly ,
a million of dollars from the public Treasury
without the Government receiving any valuable
consideration. Subsequently, I understand, a
contract was entered into with the same contract- i
ors for building a basin for the dock in California.
I think it is time some action may be taken by
the Government in regard to the non-fulfillment
of the contract by these contractors, before t|iey
receive any further sum of money from theTreas- ;
ury. ( wish to inquire of the chairman of the !
committee what is the state of the case ?
Mr. GWIN. The question was referred to the ,
185
Committee on Naval Affairs, and the contractors
were required to present a response to the report
made by the Navy Department; and also to take
notice of the remarks of the Senator from Florida
when he presented the resolution which was re-
ferred to the committee. The contractors have
responded, in an elaborate production, which the
committee, from the multitude of business on
hand, have not been able to consider. I believe,
however, it is the sense of the committee—though
I have not asked for it, but I intend to do so
through the day—to move to be discharged from
its further consideration, and to have the response
of the parties printed, in order that we may take
effective action during the next session of Con-
gress. I believe it is the opinion of the commit-
tee—I have heard it so expressed, though not for-
mally—that the best plan to test the question at
law, and 1 think the order of the committee twill
■ be, that the Government and the contractors shall
settle the question by judicial proceedings. I
merely give this as my opinion, because there has
been no formal decision of the committee. We
have not been able to examine the facts fully at
this late period of the session; but I believe it is
the sense of the committee to take up the question
and examine it before it is finally disposed of.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. There is no question be-
fore the Senate; and, therefore, debate is out of
order.
MORTON. I suppose it is perfectly in
order to make inquiries of the chairman of a com-
mittee in respect to any business before them.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of opinion
that it is not.
Mr. GWIN. Then 1 movethatthe Committee
on Naval Affairs be discharged from the further
consideration of the subject, and that the response
of the contractors be printed. I make the motion
for the purpose of^enabling the Senator to be heard.
Mr. MORTON. I merely wish to make this
suggestion: it appears from the report of the Navy
Department that these contractors have received,
in violation of law and contract, $1,000,000 from
the public Treasury, while the matter is pending
and under investigation. I say, a stop should be
put to their receiving any more money from the
public Treasury. The matteris before the Naval
Committee; and the only suggestion I thought
proper to throw out was whether it would not be
well that the contractors should be estopped from
receiving any more money from the Treasury?
Mr. GWIN. The charge of the Senator, that
these parties have received money in violation of
the contract, is emphatically denied by the con-
tractors. They bring forward abundant evidence
to prove that they have not violated the contract.
That is their side of the question. They bring
satisfactory proof of that fact, and I wish to have
it printed. The Senator hag stated his position,
in reference to this matter. Now, I say there has
been no violation of law, so far as I remember,
discovered by the Committee on Naval Affairs,
in the transaction. These parties have spoken for
themselves. I wish the document to be printed,
and laid before the Senate, and at the next session
the Senator can move any action which he thinks
proper.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on dis-
charging the Committee on Naval Affairs from
the further consideration of the subject.
Mr. BRODHEAD. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, I must say that I never
heard any determination of theirs, formal or in-
formal, to ask to be discharged from the further
consideration of the subject.
Mr. GWIN. I never stated so. I said I would
ask it during the day. I made the motion merely
that the Senator from Florida might be in order in
his remarks. I now withdraw it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. ! have a word to say on
the subject.
Mr. GWIN. I renew the motion to allow the
Senator to be heard.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Senator from Califor-
nia is right in saying that the committee have not
had time fully to investigate the matter. It is a
subject which ought to be thoroughly investigated,
because money is constantly asked for by the Bu-
reau of Yards and Docks to continue these dry-
dock operations in various parts of the country.
I think there is no necessity for discharging the
committee, or printing the response of the con-
tractors, until the action of the committee is had
upon it.
Mr. GWIN. I withdraw the motion.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. SLIDELL. When the Senate agreed to
meet at ten o'clock this morning, it was, as I un-
derstood with the intention of putting on their
passage private bills which have come from the
House of Representatives, and have been favorably
reported on by our committees. I presume there
will be no attempt to pass any bill to which objec-
tion is made or which will lead to discussion. I
think we can get rid of some forty or fifty bills in
the course of an hour.
Mr. GWIN. I consider that if we go on with
private bills now, it will be equivalent to postpon-
ing all the appropriation bills.
Mr. SLIDELL. I wish the Senator from Cal-
ifornia to understand that I have no desire, and I
presume nobody else has, to occupy more than
three quarters of an hour in the consideration of
private bills.
Mr. GWIN. Then I have no objection.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ac-
cordingly proceeded to consider private bills from
the House of Representatives, as stated below:
JOHN FRINK.
Mr. RUSK. The Committee on the Post Office
and PostRoads, to whom was referred the bill of
the House of Representatives, for the relief of
John Frink, have instructed me to report it back,
and recommend its passage. I ask that it may be
now considered.
There being no objection the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill as in Committee of the Whole.
Its object is to authorize the Postmaster General
to pay to John Frink $750, the amount of two fines
wrongfully imposed on him in the third and fourth
quarters of the year 1839, and deducted from his
iay for carrying the mail on route 2811, from
oliet. to Danville Illinois.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
SCHOOL TOWNSHIP IN OHIO.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I"am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands, to report back with-
out amendment, House bill for the relief of the
civil township of Marion, in the county of Mer-
cer, Ohio, and to ask for its consideration now.
"By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the bill.
It proposes to authorize the trustees of the civil
township of Marion, county of Mercer, Ohio, to
select out of the unsold lands of the United States
in that State, one section of land for school pur-
poses, in lieu of section sixteen, to which the
township is entitled by acts of Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
W. D. PORTER.
Mr. MASON. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations to report back, without
amendment, House bill for the relief of W. D.
Porter, of the United States Navy. A similar bill
passed the Senate at the last session, and again at
this session. It is really an urgent case, and I
hope the Senate will pass the bill at once.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill.
The bill provides for the settlement of the ac-
counts of Lieutenant W. D. Porter, of the Navy,
for moneys expended by him in defraying the
expenses of bringing Amin Bey and suite to the
United States, in compliance with the request of
the Hon. G. P. Marsh, United States Minister
