1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1287
I think it a very wise provision to insert in this
case.
Mr. TOOMBS. I would ask the chairman of
the Committese on Indian Affair, if the propriety
of agreeing to these estimates has ever been sub-
mitted to the committee?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. No, sir, I received them
this moment, and I did not state that they had re-
ceived the approbation of the committee.
Mr. TOOMBS. I trust that these recommend-
ations will not be adopted. I think it proper that
they should go* before some committee to see
whether the amounts should be appropriated or
not. It is a very extraordinary proceeding to
bring in estimates from a Department when a bill
is on its passage, and when the facts connected
with the case are not before us, and to call upon
us to create half a dozen offices, on the single
recommendation of this officer, without the pro-
priety of granting the estimates being submitted
to any committee of the Senate, or any informa-
tion whatever given to the Senate. I think iff is a
most extraordinary and loose modeof transacting
the public business, without the least regard to
economy, or even to ordinary care and vigilance.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. In reply to my colleague
upon the Committeeon Indian Affairs, I will state
that I did not offer the amendment from the com-
mittee. I received therecornmendation,and offered
it as a member of this body, and not in my char-
acter as a member of the committee at all.
Mr. TOOMBS. I knew that.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I offered it without the
sanction of the comm itt#e for just what it was
worth upon that recommendation, as any Senator
upon this floor has a right to do. I believe it is
the best, when we have tjme, that everything;
should go to the committee and be scrutinized by
it. This amendment should have been before
them, but it was received too late for that purpose.
Mr. GWIN. It is well known that the Gov-
ernors of the Territories of New Mexico and
Washington have recently reached this city; and
that the fact of the necessity of these clerks has
recently been brought before the Department of
the Interior, and has been investigated by that
Department. The Secretary of the Interior has
investigated the questiotf and has recommended
the appropriation. I have not a doubt that the
Senator from Georgia, if the question should go
before the Committee on Indian Affairs, would,
for the reasons given by the Secretary of the
Interior, not object to the appointment of these
officers, and to giving the discretion to the Secre-
tary to discontinue them if the public service does
not require them. This bill if? now on the eve of
its passage, and it is impossible, unless they are
provided for now, that they can be appointed at
all. I hope, therefore, that the amendment will
be agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. I might concur in it, after I
had examined into the subject, but I would leave
nothing to discretion that I could regulate by law,
and though I might do it there, I will not do it
here, because I am without any information. 1
have nothing upon which to form an opinion; and
it is an improper way of appropriating the public
money.
Mr. GWIN. In answer to the remark of the
honorable Senator, permit me to say that the bill
is about to pass. Another question was expected
to occupy the attention of the Senate to-day, or
the subject of these appointments would have
been before the Committee on Indian Affairs in
their regular order.
Mr. BELL. The Senator from California
knows me well enough to know that if I thought
it important,! would vote for his proposition; but
I wish to call to his memory, and to that of the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs, a
few facts. It was only a year or two ago that all
the Territory of Washington was a part of Ore-
gon; and, before the former was organized, it was
thought that a superintendent and three Indian
agents, if I am not mistaken, were sufficient for :
the whole. In that were included not only the
Indian tribes in what is now the Territory of
Oregon, but those in what is also the Territory of
Washington. I do not remember how many
tribes the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs stated there were in that Territory.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Fifty.
Mr. BELL. I suppose two or three families
now and then constitute a tribe.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Very often.
Mr. BELL. Then, I think, with perfect re-
spect to the gentlemen who use this language, it
is ridiculous to use such arguments, and to rely
upon such statements as those which lie has fur-
nished as any sufficient ground for a proposition
of thisdescription. There are perhaps fifty tribes,
as the Senator has stated, but as I heard long
since—and I have not heard much to the contrary
of late—there can scarcely be said to be any In-
dian tribes between the Cascade range and the
ocean coast. It is stated also that there are some
very considerable tribes who range chiefly on this
side of the mountains. We heard the other day
about the Blackheads. How many constitute
that great tribe? I believe it is one of the most
formidable which you meet after you pass the
Rocky Mountains; yet it does not exceed, in all,
some four or five or six hundred souls-—men,
women, and children, and when you come to
enumerate the other tribes, you will find that two,
or three, or four families sometimes constitute
them, because they speak a dialect different from
some other tribes. Some of them live on fish as
the Indians do in California. I do not know any
Indians who live there on mots and worms, but
I think it is very likely that they do.
Now, sir, as I stated before, and I called the at-
tention of the Senate to it when we acted on some
former amendments to this bill, before we organ-
ized the Territory of Washington, three Indian
agents were supposed to be entirely competent for
the management, or to attend to the interests of
the Indian tribes in what is now Washington as
well as Oregon, and the tribes about Vancouver's
Island, and m the settlements which now consti-
tute the only white settlement in Washington,
which, I believe, amounted to from three hundred
to five hundred inhabitants at the time the Terri-
tory was organized. I imaginethere are not more
than five hundred or a thousand now; but whether
it be the one or the other, the Indians have not
increased. When our settlements were forming
there was a detailed statement of some two or
t three hundred persons at the place which is now
the seat of interest in Washington Territory. For
these, three agents and one superintendent were
supposed to be sufficient; but the moment you
drew an imaginary line between the two Territo-
ries and organized a new one, it was insisted that
as Oregon has three Indian agents, Washington
ought to have three, or else there will be jealousy,
and rivalry, and bad feeling. That was alluded
to as a ground on which we oujcht to vote for the
three additional agents. The honorable Senator
from Arkansas, I admit, said he was informed,
and he relied on the information that three were
required in the new Territory; but the argument
further was that it would make it equal to the
number in Oregon. The honorable Senator will
remember that I thought the argument was not a
very solid one; but that one or two additional, at
all events, would be competent for the two Terri-
tories. There is a new superintendent now, be-
cause there is a new Governor, and it is claimed
that a clerk to the superintendent will be neces-
sary. If I saw sufficient information to satisfy
me that that was so, I would agree to it at once.
In regard to Indian treaties, where are they pro-
posed to be made? There is to be one with the
Blackfeet. I believe there is an appropriation in
the bill for that purpose. The superintendent will
take a clerk with him to attend to that treaty.
What other great treaty is there? And what is
there in a treaty with eight or ten Indian heads of
families—for I suppose they amountsometimes to
eight or ten—that requires the services of a clerk
for the superintendent ? What great "talk" is
to be held? What protocols are to be discussed
and considered? What variety of forms are to be
j entered into ?
' Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall not multiply
| offices in this way. We are carrying that quite
j too far. I am afraid we have authorized the ap-
| pointment of more Indian agents than ought to be
j allowed; and here is a salary of ,800 for a mere
i clerk to the superintendent in Washington Terri-
! tory. That is too much. Then thereis $1,000,1
! believe, for the clerk in New Mexico. Why that
| difference ?
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, how many Indian
agents are there on the Pacific coast ? The Sena-
tor says we have too many. How many have we
there ?
Mr. BELL. There are six authorized in these
two Territories.
Mr. GWIN. And that is all there is -on the
whole Pacific coast. There is not one in Cali-
fornia.
Mr. BELL. You havegreater machinery there.
Mr. GWIN. We have nothing but a superin-
tendent. These salaries have been estimated by
the two superintendents—-one in New Mexico and
the other in Washington. It is well known that
the prices of everything in Washington and Ore-
gon are very much governed by the prices in Cal-
ifornia. It is different in regard to N^w Mexico.
1 have no interest in regard to this matter; but I
know that thesuperintendents in Washington and
New Mexico look upon these appointments as
necessary for the di&cbarge of their duties. The
Senator from Tennessee referred to the population
of Washington. He says it is about one thousand.
Mr. BELL. I said it was that when the Ter-
ritory was organized.
Mr. GWIN. Where are the Blackfeet Indians
with whom we propose to treat? We have ap-
propriated $75 000 to defray the expenses of
making a treaty wfth them. Are they in this
superintendence7 ?
Mr. BELL. They are on this side the mount-
ains.
Mr. GWIN. Governor Stevens is to make the
treaty with them.
Mr. BELL. They go and rob the Blackheads
sometimes, and that is about all the mischief they
do.
Mr. GWIN. An appropriation of $75,000 or
$100,000 has been put in this bill on the recom-
mendation of this superintendent; awl, as he rec-
ommended it, of course he expects to make the
treaties, and redeem his pledge.
The question was taken; and the amendment
declared to be rejected.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I attempted to attract the
attention of the Chair before the question was put;
and my object was* to afford to the Senate the
information which I possess by having the docu-
ments read which are in my possession.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator desires to have
the letteis read, I will move a reconsideration.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I do not care about it
now. I will move the amendment again in the
Senate.
Mr. BROWN. The memorial of the Bro'herton
Indians was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, but came into my hands yesterday morning
for the first time; consequently, 1 have had no op-
portunity of examining it. [ understand, from a ver-
bal conversation with the Senator from W isconsw,
[Mr. Walker,] that it. contains a very merito-
rious claim, which ought to be moved as an amend-
ment to this bill; but if the final vote on the bill
is pressed this evening, of course I cannot propose
the amendment, for I have had no oppoitunity of
examining the memorial. I suppose this will be
theonly amendment that will be offered to-morrow
morning, if, on examining the paper, I should find
an amendment providing; for it proper. If I had
drawn up an amendment, I have had no oppor- •
tunity of presenting it to the committee, of which
I am a member; and I therefore move to postpone
the further consideration of the bill until to-morrow,
so that I may have an opportunity of examining
this memorial, and submitting my own conclusion
upon it.
Mr. STUART. Let the bill be reported to the
Senate now
Mr. BROWN. If the hill shall not be passed,
and I shall not be cut off from offering the amend-
ment, I a^ree to let it be repoited.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the question was on concurring m the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STUART. There is one amendment in
regard to the reservation of the Sioux Indians in
Minnesota, which I wish to have modified. Let
that be excepted from the question.
ThePRESlDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent the various amendments reported will he
considered at the sam-e time, except such as any
Senator may desire to be separately voted upon.
Mr. HUNTER. A Senator can except any
particular amendment. There is no necessity for
reading them. x
AU the amendments but the one excepted by
Mr. Stuart were then concurred in.
