2146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
at Constantinople; the amount not to exceed
#2,024 32.
Lieutenant Porter, then at Genoa in command
of the United States storeship Erie, and about
to return home, received a letter from the Hon.
George P. Marsh, Minister resident of the
United States at Constantinople, dated the 20th of
May, 1850, requesting him to receive Amin Bey
and his attendants on board his ship, and to bring
them to the United States; in which letter the
minister says that the visit was made onjthe sug-
gestion of the American legation, and under the
proffer of a free passage for Amin Bey and his
attendants, in any public ship of the United States
about to return home; and further, that he doubts
not the " Government will reimburse you for any
expense to which you may be subjected by afford-
ing him a passage." -
In compliance with this request, Amin Bey,
with his attendants, including Mr. John P.
Brown, aa dragoman, were received on board the
Erie, at Genoa, on the 5th of July, and landed at
New York on the 13th of September, 1850. The
mission was treated as one of sufficient conse-
quence to the United States, by our minister at the
Turkish court, to warrant the responsibility he
assumed in giving the invitation, and tendering a
passage in a public ship; a step fully justified by
Congress, in the appropriation subsequently of a
large sum of money to defray the expenses of
Amin Bey while in this country. The commit-
tee are satisfied, from their inquiries, that the pe-
culiar national habits of this guest of the ship Erie
must have subjected its commander to expenses
exceeding those of an ordinary guest having a
like retinue; and, although far the larger part of
the expenditures made are sustained by vouchers,
they deem it just to admit some of the charges
for which, under the circumstances, strict vouch-
ers could not be obtained.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
m'vea and m'kneely.
Mr. SLIDELL. As there have already been
three deviations from the regular course of busi-
ness, I hope the Senate will now indulge me m
taking up House bill "for the relief of John
McVea and John F. McKneely, of Louisiana. 1
had intended not to ask for any preference, but
as other bills have been taken out of the regular
order, I hope this will be.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. •
It provides that, upon the return to the land of-
fice atGreensburg, Louisiana, ofplats of surveys,
duly approved by the Surveyor General, of town-
ship three south of range one west, and township
three south of range one east, it shall be lawful
for John McVea and John F. McICneely to enter,
at $1 25 per acre, the- one thousand acre tract
which they have long held in possession and cul-
tivation, and which is represented as covering
parts of sections one, two, eleven, and twelve, in
township three south of range one west, and parts
of sections six, seven, thirteen, and eighteen, Sf
township three south of range one east, in the
Greensburg land district,Louisiana; buttheentry
is to be according to the legal subdivisions of the
public lands, and to embrace the land actually cul-
tivated and inclosed by them, as near as may
be, and not to the prejudice of any valid advefse
rights, if any exist, to any part of the land.
It appears that Thomas Scott, the father-in-law
of the memorialists, verbally contracted in 1829 or
1830 with John McVea, senior, for about one
-thousand acres of land in the parish of East Feli-
ciana, Louisiana. John McVea, senior, repie-
sented himself as authorized to sell the land as
agent of one Corcoran, the supposed owner, then
residing in the city of New Orleans. Scott was to
have tide as soon as the agent should obtain ade-
quate authority from the reputed owner, to make
the conveyance. In 1830, Scott took possession
of the land, and made considerable improvements.
Soon after the verbal agreement was made, the
agent of the reputed owner died, ami no convey-
ance to Scott was ever executed. Scott enteied
upon the land under the belief that he should ulti-
mately obtain title. After Scott had been in pos-
session for some years, he made a donation of the
land to the memorialists. About fifteen years ago,
rttemori&list, IVlcVc&j entered into possession
of the land; and about five years thereafter, Mc-
Kneely, the other memorialist, joined him in the
occupation, and they have continued to occupy it
to the present time. They have made extensive
and valuable improvements on the land, and have
erected thereon a sugar-house, machinery, &e.,
valued at $15,000. They have had under mclos-
ure, for ten .years, about one thousand acres. The
reputed owner of the land died soon after his
agent, and it turns out that the land belonged to
the United States. The public lands in that vicin-
ity, embracing the premises in question, have
been surveyed, but these premises have been with-
held from sale, in order that the claim of the me-
morialists may be adjusted.
The memorialists set forth that under the sur-
vey, some fragments of quarter sections fell out-
side of their inciosures, and that upon such frag-
ments persons have been disposed to make settle-
ments, in hopes of ultimately holding the greater
portion of quarter sections within their inciosures.
They pray for the passage of a law allowing them
to purchase the land inclosed by them, not ex-
ceeding one thousand acres, at $1 25 an acre.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
INDIANA BONDS.
Mr. BRIGHT. I must ask the Senat'e to in-
dulge me by taking up Senate bill " to provide for
the surrender of certain bonds of the State of In-
diana, held by the United States." 'It was intro-
duced as early as the second week of the session.
It has heretofore passed the Senate three times,
but failed in the House for want of time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the bill.
It had been reported back from the Committee on
Finance, with an amendment, to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and insert the following:
That the heads of the Departments who have them in
charge, be, and ihey are hereby, authonzed to surrender to
the State of Indiana the bonds ofthenaid State held by the
United States, (not including bank bonds,) and to receive
in lieu thereof the new certificates of stock to be issued
under, and by virtue of, an act of the Leyu-lature of the
State of Indiana to provide lor the funded debt of sn d
and approved the a7th day of January, 1847, the said
bonds to he exchanged for ihe mu<1 certificates nt stock:
Provided, That the new certificates* of stock to be received
in exchange for said bonds so surrendered, Ahull be h«jid by
the said heads of Departments on the same account, and
in the same manner, anil for the same purposes, as the said
Indiana bonds are now held.
In an arrangement of the State of Indiana with
her creditors, she surrendered to them the Wa-
bash and Erie canal for one half of her public
debt, with an agreement on the part of the bond-
holders that the canal should be completed to
Evansville, on the Ohio river, to be managed
by three trustees, two on the part of the bond-
holders, and one on the part of the Slate. The
old bonds of the Slate were to be taken up, and
new bonds were to be issued; and on one half the
amount the revenues of the State were to be ap-
plied for the punctual payment of the interest, and
the ultimate redemption of the principal; and for
the other half, canal bonds were to be issued,
having for their bases the Wabash and Erie canal,
which is now fully completed, uniting the waters
of Lake Erie with those of the Ohio river. The
Government is now asked to be as liberal to the
State of Indiana as her foreign creditors have
been.
The amendment of the committee was agreed
to, the bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred m.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to ask the Senator
from Indiana what will be the difference to the
Government, between the old and new stock?
Mr. BRIGHT. The stock which theGovern-
ment now holds is worth nothing, as the law
stands. Under the arrangement proposed by the
Committee on Finance, the Government will (jet
stock worth, at once, half the par value, and which
will, prospectively, be worth the other half. As
it is, the Governmentgets nothing. There wasa
long report made by the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Clayton,] in 1848, which fully explains the
whole matter.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
eading, read a third time, and passed.
JAMES WALSH.
Mr. WELLER. I hope the bills will now be
taken up regularly in their order.
The PRESIDENT. The first House private
bill on the Calendar is one for the relief of James
Walsh, which has been reported from the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of James Walsh, of the District of Co-
lumbia, upon the roll of invalid pensioners, at the
rate of eight dollars per month, to commence on
the 1st day of January, 1854, and to continue
during his natural life.
James Walsh proves to have been in the service
of the United States as a private soldier from the
6th of December, 1836, until May 4, 1849, with
1 the exception of a few months, at each expiration
of his time he was honorably discharged, except
on one occasion, he is reported as under ordinary
disability, which continued only one month and
nine days. He also proves that at the battle of
Molino del Rey, in Mexico, September 8, lt<47,
| he was wounded in the left foot by a shot, which
I now renders him, as appears by the certificate of
! Surgeon Wotherspoon,of theUnited States Army,
i entirely incapacitated from earning his livelihood
i by manual labor, and he is now an inmate of the
I military asylum in the District of Columbia,
s The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third .reading, read a
third time, and passed.
JESSE R. FAULKNER.
House bill for the relief of Jesse R. Faulkner,
of Missouri, reported from the Committee on
Pensions, was next considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Jesse R. Faulkner, of Missouri on
the pension roll of the United States, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, during his natural life,
commencing January 1, 1854.
Faulkner was a private in Captain Burwell's
company of Virginia militia during the fall of
1814, and while on a scouting party on or about
the first of November, 1814, between Snowden's
Iron Works and Annapolis, in the State of Mary-
land, the party was fired on by a party of British,
and Jesse was wounded slightly in the hip, and
badly in the knA; the wound in the hip got nearly
well, but the knee has been crippled ever since,
and gjrows worse when exercised, producing total
disability. He is a man of good character, is
poor and needs aid, and calls upon his Govern-
ment for it.
The bill was reported'to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
HENRY N. HALSTED.
The next private bill of the House of Repre-
sentatives on the Calendar, was one for the relief
of Henry N. Halsted, which had been reported
j from the Committee on Pensions.
j Mr. BRO WN. I will suggest that the reading
! of the bill is unnecessary, unless it is especially
i called for. It unnecessarily consumes time in
j these pension bills.
| Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to have the bills read.
I do not think we should be called upon to pass
these bills without reading them, though the
House may have passed one hundred in a bunch.
The bill was read. It proposes to direct tha
Secretary of War to place the name of Henry N.
Halsted on the roll of invalid pensioners, at the
rate of four dollars per month, commencing Jan-
uary 1, 1845, and continuing during his natural
life.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should like to know why
this man should be an exception to all other citi-
zens of the United States. Why should he be
allowed four dollars a month ? There does not
seem to beany reason for it at all.
Mr. WELLER. The bill requires the Secre-
tary of War to pay this pension. Jt should be the
Secretary of the Interior, for he now has charge
of the subject. I do not see how it can be paid at
tne War Department; but I will not propose an
amendment, for fear it might defeat the bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let the report be read. I
wish to know why this money is to be paid.
The Secretary then read the report; from which
it appears that Halsted was in the service of the
United ."States, m the year 1814, in a company
ponfmanded by Captain John *G. Weaver, of the
New York militia, at Sackett's Harbor. His ser-
vice commenced on the 22d of August, 1814, and
ended on the 9th of .November following, when
