578
THE CONGRESSIONM^ GLOBE.'
March 8,
Mr. McNAIR'. -My question of order is, that
the two hours, the time allotted, for the discussion,
having expired, whether any person, except the
chairman of the committee who reported the bill,
has the right to continue the discussion?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that the gentle-
man from Illinois, who reported the bill yielded the
floor to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cut-
ting] for the purpose of explanation.
Mr. McNAIR. Can this debate be considered
as an explanation ?
The CHAIRMAN. Perhaps it has trespassed
beyond the bounds of an explanation.
Mr. CUTTING. I am satisfied that my friend
from Alabama [Mr. Phillips] will not dine well
if I do not answer this question. In the first place,
the gentleman misunderstood me most grievously
when he supposes that I offered this amendment
for no other purpose than to secure the transpor-
tation of the mail, troops, and munitions of war.
I offered the amendment for the purpose of securing
the building of the road. That was the purpose,
and not the other, which the gentleman attributes
tome. So much for question number one. The gen-
tleman asks me again, as a lawyer, that if this bill
is passed in theshapein which it is now presented,
and upon what he chooses to call a condition,
whether or not the land will rest, if that condtion
is not complied with ? That is the question which
the gentleman put to me, as I understand it. I say,
in reply, that if there is any horn-book in law,
which does not lay down the proposition that a
condition subsequent never voids the grant, then
I have not had the good fortune to meet with it.
The condition precedent must be performed; and
the effect of my amendment is to make the build-
ing of the road a condition precedent. It is to
meet that identical thing.
Mr. DISNEY. I am desired by gentlemen
around me to be brief. I will be so, for I am too
unwell to occupy the attention of the committee
for any considerable period of time, even if I felt
disposed to do so. I cannot speak without much
pain 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The Chair
will remark to the gentleman from Ohio that the
feneral debate upon the bill under consideration
aving closed by order of the House, he can only
proceed with his remarks with the consent of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] who,
having reported the bill, is entitled to close the
debate.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to speak in opposition
to the amendment of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cutting.]
The CHAir«,MAN. No amendment offered by
the gentleman from New York is pending.
Mr. DISNEY. I understood him to offer an
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. He did not. The first
amendment pending is that offered by the gentle-
man from Illinois, to strike out a portion of the
two first lines of the bill. The gentleman from
New York has only indicated his intention of of-
fering an amendment.
Mr. DISNEY. Then I will reserve what I in-
tended to say until the gentleman does offer it.
Mr. BISSELL. With the consent, of my col-
league, I should like to say a few words upon the
subject of the bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will yield to my col-
league.
Mr. BISSELL. I have only a few remarks to
offer. As to the matter of securing to the Gov-
ernment the right to transport the mails over this
road I look upon it as something of very little
importance. We know that if these railroads are
built they wi.ll allow the mails to be transported
over them for a reasonable compensation; and I
regard the provisions m all these railroad bills
making such a condition as of the smallest possi-
ble consequence. If we could have no provision
for transporting the mails except under the au-
thority here provided I should thmk it would be
but small security.
The provision for the transportation of troops,
too, I do not consider a matter of any appreciable
importance. Why, sir, when the time comes,
ana the directors of these roads refuse to transport
the United States troops over them, what has the
Government to do but to take their cars and their
locomotives and transport the troops ? The Gov-
ernment is not at their mercy, whether we make
these provisions in this bill, andin other railroad
bills, or not. They will transport their troops and
ammunitions of war without the consent of these
railroad companies if they cannot with their
consent.
Mr. FULLER. I desire to make a suggestion
to the gentleman from Illinois. I ask him whether
it would not be well enough to incorporate into
this bill a provision requiring the territorial gov-
ernment of Minnesota, whenever, they shall incor-
porate a company to build this road, to set forth
the terms affixed-to this grant in their charter?
Otherwise, how shall we know that they will char-
ter the company without imposing any of these
conditions? I would suggest an amendment re-
quiring these conditions to be incorporated in the
charter of the company which is to build the road.
Mr. BISSELL. The bill as it now stands em-
braces everything to which the gentleman alludes.
There is no power in the Territorial Legislature
to act in violation of the provisions of an act of
Congress. I have no special objection to the
modification the gentleman from Maine suggests,
but I regard it as wholly unnecessary and super-
fluous. I do not think the matter of sufficient
importance to make it worth while to spend much
time upon it; but if the gentleman chooses to move
an amendment requiring the Legislature of the
Territory to make such arrangements as to carry
out the conditions of this bill I shall not object
to it.
Mr. HENN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Illinois if Congress have not the power at
any time to annul any act improperly passed -by
the Territorial Legislature?
Mr. BISSELL. Why, of course; and to take
the railroad for military purposes at any time
when they need it.
I was going to suggest to the gentleman from
New York whether the greater portion of what he
proposes to effect by his amendment might not be
better effected by a simple provision saying that
these lands shall revert to the General Government,
if the road is not completed and in operation
within a certain specified time ?
Mr. CUTTING. There is a provision of that
description in the bill already.
Mr. BISSELL. I have not examined that part
of the bill; but I think that if it contains a pro-
vision that unless the road is completed within a
certain number of years the lands shall revei t to
the Government we have all the security for the
building of the road that we ought to ask.
Mr. CUTTING. I would submit this difficulty
to the gentleman: Suppose this bill passes; no
persons can differ about, the fact that the whole
title of the United States will be thereby vested in
absolute fee simple in the Territory of Minnesota;
and no man will deny that the patent that is issued
under this bill will be a clean patent, without any
condition whatever upon the face of it.
Now, it is said that the lands thus granted will
be taken by the grantee, the Territory of Minne-
sota, into Wall street and money will be raised
upon them, on the security of the lands. Now,
1 ask, when these lands are thus transferred to the
moneyed men of Wall street, upon this advance of
money, whether their title will not be paramount
to that of all others, and whether it would be in
the least degree affected by the fact that the men
who had got the money had gambled it away or
had wasted it, or by the fact that the road was
not built? Would not their title to the land in
either of those cases be quite as good, and would not
the General Government be remedyless ' Would
not the Territory of Minnesota be without relief?
I submit, therefore, that it is better for all parties
that this security should be put in the bill, and I
would like gentlemen to take it into serious con-
sideration.
Mr. BISSELL. I am happy to have an op-
portunity of answering the gentleman most satis-
factorily to myself, at least. In the case of the
Illinois Central railroad grant this very question
came up, and it was one of very great importance
to the State, to the company, and especially to
those who had loaned the company seventeen mil-
lions of dollars. It was investigated by some of the
most eminent lawyers m New York, and also in
Illinois, and the conclusion arrived at was, that
the title still remained conditionally in the United
States, and that those who advanced their money
did it with their eyes open, and with a knowledge
of the fact that, unless the road was completed
within ten years, the lands would revert to the
General Government. So that there is nothing, in
my judgment, in the objection of the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to call the at-
tention of the committee 
Mr. LETCHER. Will my friend allow me to
put a question to his colleague over the way, who
has just taken his seat?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Oh, I think this discus-
sion has gone quite far enough.
Mr. LETCHER. I merely wish to ask one
question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Well, I will yield for
that purpose—for one question only.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Rissell] to say that it was the
opinion of lawyers in Illinois, and the opinion of
lawyers in New York, that the lands donated to
the Illinois Central railroad did not become the
property of that company, or of those to whom
they were transferred, until the road was com-
pleted .
Mr. DISNEY. Let me call the attention of
the gentleman from Virginia to the language of
the bill itself.
Mr. LETCHER. I want to understand this
matter, and I will therefore propound my ques-
tion to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. DISNEY. I am about to explain it. I
do not believe the gentleman from Virginia has
ever read the bill.
Mr. LETCHER. Oh, yes, I have read it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I really cannot yield
any longer. I must claim the floor.
Mr. LETCHER. One moment longer. If the
proper construction of the law be that intimated
by the gentleman from Illinois, what is the
meaning of the provision in this bill exempting
the lands from taxation by the State?
Mr. DISNEY. There seems to be so much
confusion of ideas as to this matter, that I feel
compelled to say a word or two. Now, this bill
provides that the lands unsold shall revert to the
United States, and that to those sold by the States
under its provisions the title shall be vested in
the party. There is no room for misconstruction.
The bill is express; and if gentlemen will rend it,
they will find that the land remaining unsold shall
revert to the United States. Then why all this
discussion about the legal effect of it?
But again: This bill provides that the State may
sell the land for twenty continuous miles, the effect
of which is to aid the company in the construction
of the first twenty miles of the road, the time
when this aid is the most important. After they
have constructed this twenty miles of the road,
then, and not till then, can the State sell another
twenty continuous miles of land; and so on, ap-
plying successively the proceeds of each range of
twenty miles to the construction of the correspond-
ing length of the road. Hence, the suggestion of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cutting]
has no effect by \yay of security beyond this. It
affects only the first twenty miles of the land, be-
cause, 1 repeat, a further sale cannot be had until
that twenty miles of the road is actually com-
pleted. There is no question beyond that.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I rise to a question
of order. Is not this the rule: Any gentleman
may propose an amendment to the bill, and speak
five minutes in its favor; and any other gentleman
may reply for five minutes. If.that be the rule, I
want to see it enforced.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is occupying the floor, and has yielded to the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. KERR. I thought that the gentleman's
hour had expired.
The CHAIRMAN. It has not yet expired.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
Ohio will have an opportunity to discuss this ques-
tion when the amendment is offered. I have in-
dulged gentlemen as far as I possibly could.
I will say, in reply to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Ctjttino,] that when his amendment
comes up properly for consideration before the
committee, I shall give my views in regard to it.
The only question is, whether they shall have
twenty miles before they complete the road, or
afterwards?
Mr. C UTTING. Or rather, shall have it from
time to time, as they do the work.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Exactly. The question
