1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1289
a fair-sized coffin [laughter] without paying some-
where from twenty to thirty dollars a week for
board and room, or from abo.ut fifteen to twenty
dollars a week for room independent of board.
Now, Mr. Chairman, these exorbitant charges
are all owing to the immense sums of money that
are expended here, making property so valuable;
and we havegot to pay these charges. Whoever,
therefore, votes for this improvement, votes to
have the interest of these seven millions of dollars
paid out of the pockets of members of Congress
and the office-holders in the city.
Mr. Chairman, there is not a dollar of money
that I have ever seen earned in the city of Wash-
ington that has not come, directly or indirectly,
from the Government or its officers. You can
find no business under heaven carried on here—at
least I cannot—except that which is done for, and
the cost of which is to come out of the pockets of
the officers of the Government. And the more
you add to the value of property here, the more
interest you have to pay.
Mr. PHELPS took the floor.
Mr. SAGE. Will the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Phelps] allow me to make a remark ?
Mr. PHELPS. I will yield the floor for a
moment.
Mr. SAGE. In opposing this amendment I
merely want to say, in addition to what I said
yesterday, that I can see no good reason why the
Government should make appropriations for this
work, more than the State of New York should
pay for water for the city of Albany. I believe
that the value of property in the city of Albany
is fully equal to the value of property in the city
of Washington. This enterprise, if carried out,
only inures to the benefit of the few property
owners of the city. For one, I am opposed to it
in toto, and hope that the committee will defeat
the whole thing;.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to appeal to the com-
mittee, as it is now known that the special order
of the Pacific railroad bill is only postponed for
one day, to let us vote upon these matters at once,
and not consume time in discussion. ( hope,
therefore, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Perkins] will withdraw his amendment, and let
the vote be taken on the Senate amendments.
Mr. PERKINS. I have no objection to with-
draw my amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was accord-
ingly withdrawn.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Notwithstanding
the appeal of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps,] I beg leave to offer the amendment to
the amendment which I send up to the Clerk's
desk.
The amendment to the amendment was read, as
follows:
Prooided, That previous to the expenditure (if uny pait
of this appropriation, the Secretary of War shall enter
into a contract with sonio teKponwible contractor, to limsh
and complete saidwork on the plan hereloftm' adopted, for
a sum not exceeding S-ri.'iOO.llllO. And it wliall be the duty
of the said Secretary to take from the contuictei good and
sufficient security for the completion of the eonlract ac-
cording to the plan and specifications deteimined upon by
the said Secretary.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. If the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Smith] will allow me, I
would make a suggestion to him, for the purpose
of having the amendment which he has oll'ered
modified.
Mr. SMITH. Certainly.
Mr. STANTON. The modification which 1
would suggest is simply this: The law places this
work specially under the direction of the Presi-
dent of the United States. The contracts which
may be made upon it are made by the President,
and not by the Secretary of War; and therefore I
suggest that the amendment submitted by the gen-
tleman from Virginia be so modified by striking
out the words " Secretary of War," and inserting
in lieu thereof the words " President of the United
States."
Mr. SMITH. I will accept the amendment
suggested by the gentleman, and modify my
amendment accordingly.
Mr. Chairman, I would be very glad to get the
attention of the committee for a moment or two
upon this subject. From the course of remark
which was indulged in on yesterday by several
members upon this floor, I am induced to call the
attention of the committee to the fact that, by the
Constitution of the United States, the District of
Columbia is placed under the exclusive jurisdic-
tion of the Federal Government. I repeat, that
by the Constitution of the United States, this Dis-
trict is placed under the exclusive jurisdiction of
Congress; and, as a consequence, that very fact
imposes upon the Government an obligation to
take care of the interests of this District.
Gentlemen have remarked that there is no obli-
gation upon the Federal Government to provide
water for the citizens of this District. Now gen-
tlemen must remember that this city is a city lit-
erally created by the Federal Government, and by
the officials connected with that Government, and
those brought here in consequence of this being
the Federal city. If there ever was a city which
has a right to claim the aid of the Government,
under which it has its existence, in its works of
improvements, it is this very city.
But it was said yesterday by a gentleman from
Ohio, that, independent of this consideration, the
Federal Government has a large, interest within
the limits of this city—an interest which requires
to be looked after and protected by the Govern-
ment itself. •
Having made these remarks, I proceed to the
consideration of another objection or two. It was
said yesterday, and various speculations were in-
dulged in m reference to it, that a very large ex-
penditure would be incurred in the prosecution of
this work. I say, in reply to that, and I wish to
call the attention of the committee to it, that there
is no fitness, that there is no power in this body
to undertake to adjust a system for the prosecu-
tion of this improvement. The subject was re-
ferred to yesterday by the gentleman from Ohio;
and the law authorizing the prosecution of this
work expressly directs the plan to be adopted
which may be selected by the President of the
United States. The power, without qualification,
was given to him to select the plan; and when he
has selected that plan, it is to come before this
body, and this body is to carry it out. True,
Congress may abolish the enterprise; but the plan
has been settled, and the work commenced. Ap-
propriations have already been made, and a large
sum of money expended upon it, and 1 presume
that the committee and the House will not depart
from it.
A great deal has been said about the enormous
expenditure involved. We have estimates of the
expenses of the work from the War Department,
and my amendment has been offered for the pur-
pose of meeting the objection upon that head, and
1 stipulate m my amendment that the work shall
not cost more than the estimate of the War De-
partment. I am willing to leave the matter to the
head-of that Department, and to his discretion.
He is to make the contract, and the contract is
not to exceed the estimates.
Well, sir, that does not make any difference
from the fact—and I ask the gentleman from
New York to look to it—that not a dollar is to be
expended until a contract for the completion ofthe
work shall be made; and the contractor or con-
tractors are to give bonds, with gopd security,
that he will complete the job for thesum specified.
These are all the precautions which can possibly
be necessary, it seems to me. You are not to go
on with the work, and a dollar is not to be ex-
pended upon it, until this preliminary requirement
is complied with.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 do not rise tor the purpose of
answering the suggestions made by gentlemen
over the way. 1 rise simply to say, that if we
get afloat again to-day upon these deep waters,
we shall hardly touch bottom during tiie whole
day. I therefore hope that the committee will pro-
ceed to vote upon concurring or non-concurring in
the Senate amendment. It is, I presume, a mat-
ter of indifference with the Committee of Ways
and Means whether the committee vote theamend-
ment in or out. The matter must be settled m
the House by a vote by yeas and nays. 1 trust j
the vote will be taken immediately. j
Mr. SMITH. I will insert in my amendment
the word " contractors, "so that it shall read " con-
tractor or contractors."
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to have the amend-
ment read. Nobody in this part of the Hall has
heard it.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. PARKER. I have an amendment which
1 desire to offer.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendments
are in order.
Mr. PARKER. Then I will read my amend-
ment, and ask the gentleman from Virginia to
accept it as a modification of his own. It is the
following:
Provided., That a forfeiture of the contract shall take
place whenever the work is not strictly in accordance with
the plans and specifications.
Mr. SMITH. I will accept the modification
with pleasure.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will suggest to the gen-
tleman from Virginia, that he also further modify
his amendment by inserting the following:
The proposals to be advertised, and bids to be invited, by
advertising in the newspapers of the United States.
Mr. SMITH. I will accept that modification
also.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of Mr. Srhth's amendment, as modified; and it
was not agreed to.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move the following
as a proviso to the Senate amendment:
Provided, That the amount heretofore appropriated shall
not be applied, unless the corporations of Georgetown and
Washington shall appropriate and pay an amount equal to
one fourth the sum to aid in the construction of the work.
I offer this amendment in good faith, and leave
it for the committee to decide upon it without re-
mark.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move* to
amend by adding the following at the end of the
Senate amendment:
Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall be ex-
pended, unless in pursuance of a contract to bo made
within the engineer's estimate ($2,300,000) after sixty days
notice in the journals of the United States, inviting coft-
tractors to propose for the whole of the materials and work
complete, agreeably to the plan adopted by the President of
the United States. The bids to be opened m the presence
of the bidders who may attend, and the contract awarded
to the lowest bidder, upon he or they giving reliable guar-
antees and security to the United States that the whole
woik shall be completed in two years, and its permanency
and efficiency guarantied for five years after its completion.
Mr. Chairman, the amendment which I offer is
similar to the one offered by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] and voted down but a
minute ago. There is some little difference, how-
ever. Jt provides that the work shall be com-
pleted within two years. I understand the engi-
neer, in his report, to^jropose to limit the time to
be expended in the construction of the work to
that period. I hope, if this appropriation is to be
passed by the House, that amendment, or some-
thing similar, will be attached to it. I am satis-
fied, that if this work continues to be executed
under thedirection of the Government officers, and
especially under the direction of the officers of the
War Department, our worst fears as to the ulti-
mate cost ofthe work will be realized.
I had this morning in my room an experienced,
practical bricklayer, from the city of Philadelphia,
who has been engaged in the construction of the
culvert, orconduit, so far as it has been constructed;
and he has given me soine practical facts which
will give us some indication of what the work will
cost.
He says that there were eleven days' work 011
the culvert, and five thousand seven hundred and
twenty bricks were laid, at $2 75 per day to the
bricklayer, and $1 25 per day to the laborer, mak-
ing the bricklayers' wages $30 25, and the labor-
ers' $13 75—-a total of §44 for laying five thou-
sand seven hundred and twenty bricks, and equal
tr> ft 89 per thousand. The bricks calculated at
$10 per thousand, which they are now paying for
those they are using in the culvert, will cost the
Government for furnishing and laying them §17 89
per thousand, to which must be added $2 per bar-
rel for cement and sand. That will make $20 per
thousand brick. A thousand brick will make a
foot and a half, lineal measure, of the tunnel.
Now, that "is exclusive of the excavation; and
the excavation, which I showed yesterday, and
in the truth of vvhich I have been since confirmed,
will cost at the rate of $7 per cubic yard. It will
take three and a half cubic yards to one foot of
lineal measure of the tunnel, which will be equal
to $24 50, to which must be added the cost of the
brick work. That is the mere excavation and
brick work.
Now, the Croton aqueduct, which is of smaller
dimensions, averaging about seven feet in diame-
ter, cost thirty-five dollars per foot, instead of ten
dollars per foot, as the gentleman from New Jersey
said yesterday It cost at the rate of #200,000 per
