1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2147
he was regularly discharged on account of sick-
ness. His sickness was the camp disorder, and
produced the piles in an aggravated manner, and
has continued until the present time, and it has
disabled and enfeebled him very much.
The report contains a statement of many depo-
sitions to prove the disability of Halsted, and
that it resulted from his military service.
Mr. TOOMBS. All I have to say is, that if
there be a word of truth in the report, this man
could have got his pension long since at the Pen-
sion Office. { suppose frotp his not getting it
there, the statements are not true.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate, ordered to a third reading,
read a third time, and
BENJAMIN HAMMOND.
House bill for the relief of Benjamin Hammond,
of the State of New York, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place Hammond's name on the
invalid pension roil, at eight dollars a month from
January 1, 1854, to continue during his natuial
life.
Mr. TOOMBS called for the reading of the re-
port.; and it was accordingly read.
Hammond was a sergeant in Captain Badger's
company, in the artilleryregimentcommanded by
Colonel Thom, in the war of 1812 Upon one
occasion the colonel wan informed that two men,
suspected of being spies, had been in the camp,
and had escaped. He ordered Hammond to take
a sufficient force, follow, and, if possible, secure
thenfc The pursuit was made in the night, and
in the woods; and lie, in the discharge of this
duty, fell, and the bone of his right thigh was
fractured, and he was otherwise injured. The
injury compelled him to leave 'the service. He
secured the best surgical treatment at his com-
mand, but the injured thigh was but partially re-
stored. He has ever since been lame. The broken
limb is much decayed, and so worthless that he
goes upon crutches.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read a third time, and passed.
JAMES M. LEWIS.
The next private bill from the House was one
for the relief of James M. Lewis, the object of
which is to place his name upon the pension rolls
of the United States, at the rate of eisrht dollars
per month, from the 1st of January, 1850, to con-
tinue during his natural life.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to hear the report in
that case.
Mr. RUSK. I would suggest that we pass
over all the bills where the reading of the report
is called for, and take them up afterwards. There
are some bills about which there can be no ques-
tion, but if all the reports be read we shall never
reach them.
The PRESIDENT. If such be the sense of
the Senate, this bill will be passed over.
Mr. CHASE1. 1 object to that.
Mr. RUSK. I make the motion, that when j
the reading of a report is called for the bill be laid j
aside, so that we may get through with those bills
to which ther^is no objection.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think we ought to know
what these bills are. I wish to hear the reports
on all of them.
Mr. RUSK. Then the Senator has no confi-
dence in the committees?
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no want of confidenre
in them, but I must vote for myself. I do not
allow them to do legislation for me. I have no
right to let them do it. T must vote for myself.
Mr. RUSK. Then I understand the Senator to
call for the reading of all these reports.
Mr. TOOMBS. Every one.
Mr. RUSK. Then I cannot save time, and 1
withdraw my motion.
The Secretary read the report in this case, from
which it appears that the petitioner was in military
service, under the command of General Jackson,
for two years, and took part in the battles on the
southern frontier, where he received wounds, and
subsequently, in carrying an express from the
army to Nashville, was thrown from his horse,
and so severely injured as to amount to total disa-
bility.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
JAMES K. WELCH.
House bill to provide a pension for James K.
Welch, was next considered by the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides that James
K. Welch, of Pulton county, New York, who
lost his eye-sight while in the service of the United
States, in the line of his duty, be placed up'on the
pension roll, at eight dollars per month from the
1st of January, 1854, to continue during his natu-
ral life.
Welch enlisted in the service of the United
States in February, 1846, as a private in company
K, of the sixth regiment of infantry, of the regu-
lar Army. While at Vera Cruz, about 8th June,
in 1846, exposed to drilling and much fatigue in
the heat of the sun, he became sun-struck, and was
put under charge of the surgeon. He, becoming
worse, was put m the hospital at Vera Cruz, and
remained there about two months. His right eye
went out the second day, and the left in nine days;
and he has ever since been totally blind.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read a third time, and passed.
ALBRO TRIPP.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the further relief of Albro Tripp was considered
by the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Albro Tripp upon the invalid pension
roll, at the rate of ten dollars per month, in lieu of
the four dollars per month to which he is entitled
under the law passed May 4, 1852, to commence
the 1st of December, 185], and continue during his
natural life, the sum he has received under the act
of May 4, 1852, to be deducted therefrom.
The bill of the Thirty-Second Congress, by vir-
tue of which Mr. Tripp was placed on the pen-
sion list, was based upon his being a private, and
enacted that he receive four dollars per month, the
half pay of a private; whereas, on examination, it
has been discovered that his grade of captain was
overlooked, which fact would have entitled him to
the half pay of a captain.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
HENRY LEWIS AND MOSES PETET.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to the consideration of House bill for
the relief of Henry Lewis, of Clinton county,
Indiana.
The bill, as it passed the House, proposed to
authorize Henry Lewis to enter, free of cost, ex-
cept the fees to the land officers, forty acres of
land, out of any lands subject to private entry, at
any land office in the United States, or the Terri-
tories thereof, in full of his claim for money paid
Charles Tyler, register of the land office at Craw-
fordsville, Indiana, the 18th of January, 1837,
being fifty dollars.
The Committee on Private Land Claims re-
ported an amendment to strike out all after the
enacting clause, and insert;
That Henry Lewis, of Clinton county, Indiana, and
Mo^es Petet, of Parke county, Indiana, be, and they are
hereby, each authorized to enter, free of cost, except the
fee* to the land officers, forty acres of land, out of any lands
subject to private entry, at any land office in the United I
S ales, or the Territories thereof, in full of their respective 1
e nms for money paid Charles Tyler, renter nf the land
office at Cravvfordsville, Indiana, in the month of January,
16^7, the amount thereof being fifty doliars each.
Henry Lewis, on the 18th January, 1837, went ;
to the Crawfordsville land office, for the purpose i
of purchasing the northeast quarter of the south-
west quarter of section five, in township twenty-
three north of range one west. At that time the
office of receiver of public moneys was tempo-
rarily vacant; but the register of the land office,
Charles Tyler, told him to leave the money
with him, and he would see that the land was
duly entered, so soon as the office of receiver was
filled. The petitioner being not well versed in
such things, and supposing one land officer as
responsible as another, lert his money, fifty dollars,
with Tyler, and took from him a receipt.
I Tyler marked the land as entered on the plats
j in his office. The petitioner, believing that he
: had in fact purchased it, took possession of it,
j and remained in possession, making valuable im-
: provements, for ten years, when he was informed
| that his land had been purchased by Rufus A.
| Lockwood. He then had a full investigation of
| ail the facts, and found that Tyler had pocketed
l his monev, and that he had no title whatever for
the land; but that the title was fully invested in
i Lockwood, to whom he surrendered possession,
j At the tim^> Tyler received the money, and from
' that time to the present, he has been notoriously
insolvent.
The committee find that the case of Petet is
similar, and therefore report the amendment.
The amendment of the committee was agreed
to; the bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and the
bill to be read a third time. It was read a third
time, and passed,and the titleWas amended, so as
to read: "A bill for the relief of Henry Lewis
and Moses Petet."
HENRY J. SNOW.
House bill " for the relief of Henry J. Snow,
of Rome, in the State of New York," was next
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs (he Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of H. J. Snow on the roll of invalid
pensioners, at the rate of eight dollars per month,
to commence on the 1st of January, 1854, and
continue during his natural life.
In April, 1853, the petitioner was employed by
the officer in command at the military post at
Rome, in the State of New York, to load and dis-
charge guns on the occasion of the death of the
Hon. William R. King, Vice President of the
United States; and while so employed, by the
premature discharge of one of the guns, his right
arm was torn off, his right eye destroyed, and he
was otherwise injured. The accident occurred
without fault or negligence on the part of*the pe-
titioner, who is but thirty-seven years of age, and
has a wife and five children dependent on him for
support.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to the second reading
of that bill.
The PRESIDENT. It has been read a second
time, and is now before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and open to amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then I object to its passage
to day. The bill has to be 'read three several
times on three several days, unless it be dispensed
with by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT. It has been read a first
and second time.
Mr._ TOOMBS. Then I object to its third
reading to-day, under the rules of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. It has been read a first
and second time, and is now before the Senate as
in Comtnittee of the Whole. If no amendments
be proposed, it will be reported to the Senate, and
the question will be on its third reading.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am opposed to this bill.
This man was not in the military service of the
United States; but was a person in civil life, em-
ployed to fire cannon in funeral honors. To give
him a pension for life is violating all principle.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, at the station
at Rome, in the State of New York, there was an
officer in command of the post, with no troops.
He received from the War Department instruc-
tions to fire a salute in honor of the Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, on the occasion of his
death. In pursuance of that command, which he
could not disobey, he employed this person, who
was experienced in the performance of that duty.
I trust the Senate will pass the bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President  
• The PRESIDENT. The motion to lay on the
table is not debatable.
Mr. CLAY. I merely wish to suggest to the
Senator from New York that this bill is obnoxious
to all the objections which he urged the other day
against the Batchelder case.
. The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion that the bill be ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WALKER called for the yeas and nays,
and they wereordered;and beingtaken,resulted—
yess 18, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bright, Butler, Cass
Chase, Clay. Cooper, Fitzpatrick, Johnson, Jones of
Tennessee, Mason, Pratt, Rockwell, Sebastian, Stuart,
Toombs, and Welter—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, BroiJhead, Dodee of
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Fessenden, Foot,
Geyer, Gwin, James, Jones of Iowa, Matiory, Morton,
Pettit, Rusk, Seward, Sumner, and Walker—19.
So the Senate refused to order the bill to lie on
the table.
It was then read a third time, and passed.
