1290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
mile; it is forty-fourmileslong,and the whole cost
is $8,500,000, and something over.
Mr. VANSANT. With the gentleman's per-
mission, does he pretend to say the construction
of the Croton aqueduct alone cost $8,000,000 ?
Mr. STANTON. So I understand from Ap-
pleton's Dictionary of Mechanics, which 1 have
just examined.
Mr. VANSANT. I undertake to say that it
did not cost one third of that amount.
Mr. STANTON. One million, eight hundred
thousand dollars was expended for other purposes.
It went to the construction of reservoirs, and the
laying of the distributingpipes. The construction
of the aqueduct is set down at§8,500,000. At this
rate, for the construction of the tunnel alone from
here to the Great Falls, provided we can construct
it on as economical terms as the people of New
Yoik did their aqueduct, we shall have to pay at
leaet #4,000,000. The area, however, covered by
the mere conduit, is only about one third of the sur-
face of the whole work. There is to be laid ma-
sonry on which the tunnel is to rest. The aque-
duct must rest upon solid masonry, or concrete,
to protect it from the weather. Captain Meigs,
in his report, says that some parts of this aque-
duct will be twenty feet under water. If the geo-
logical character of the country be such, any man
of practical knowledge of this thing must see that
th# masonry must be massive and solid.
Mr. HAMILTON. Mr. Chairman, I regret
that the discussion of this question has again been
renewed. I came here in hope that the committee
would have voted on the amendment, and that we
would have gone on to the consideration of the
others. I sincerely trust that 1 shall not be called
on to again address the committee on the subject,
at alt events. I cannot now, however, retrain
from replying to certain statements of gentlemen
made yesterday, and to correct one or two mis-
takes. I care not what persons say who come
here and make statements upon the subject. One
gentleman rises here and endeavors to create the
impression that there will bean immense expendi-
ture of money upon this work, because the exca-
vation costs $7 50 a cubic yard. Well, that
statement is true; but the estimate submitted to
this House by the engineer provided for the ex-
penditure of fifteen dollarsyard on that woik;
so that it only costs one half what it was estimated
to cost.
With regard to the Rock Creek aqueduct, I
desire to say that Colonel Hughes never made
provision in his estimates for the mains within the
city. But, sir, this is a very small matter. If the
United States undertake to build a work of this
description at all, they should build a right one.
1 have deemed it my duty to say thus much.
I hope we shall now have a vote on the Senate's
amendment. This work will be built. It has a
substantial basis sufficient to justify members to
vote for it. If it does not pass now, it will pass
before the end of the session; and it would be a
matter of economy to pass it now.
Mr. FLORENCE. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, that he should modify his
amendment so avS to have the advertisements for
proposals inserted in the newspapers of the United
States, instead of in the newspapers of this city.
Mr. STANTON. I will accept of that modifi-
cation.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stan-
tont's amendment; and it was rejected.
The question recurred on the amendment of the
Senate, as amended.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. ICurtz and
Wheeler were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 51; noes-not counted.
The CHAIRMAN. A majority of a quorum
not voting, the amendment is rejected.
The twenty-sixth amendment was then read, as
follows:
Fnrihe payment of "Kichard II Weishtman for mileage
and per diem compensation us an asent claiming to be a
Senator elect from New Mexico, $2,464.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in this
amendment.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was non-concurred in.
The twenty-seventh amendment of the Senate
was read, as follows:
Page thirteen, after line two hundred and ninety-three:
For the purchase of Spanish and Mexican Jaw books lor
the library of Congress, §>1,701).
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
The twenty-eighth amendment was read, as
follows:
page thirteen, after line two hundred and ninety-four,
insert as follows:
For the contingent expenses of the Senate, viz:
For lithographing and engraving, $20,000.
Mr. PHELPS. I would suggest that the Clerk
read all down to, and embracing, the thirty-third
amendment, as the amendments all pertain to the
contingent expenses of the Senate.
Mr. LETCHER, i object to it. We have a
parcel of custom-houses which may come in the
same way.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Met\ns recommend a concurrence in the amend-
ment.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment of the Senate was concurred in.
The twenty-ninth amendment was then read,
as follows:
For binding, .$30,000.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment.
The question'was then taken; and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
The thirtieth amendment was then read, as
follows:
For books, §12,691.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in thatamend-
! ment.
1 The question was taken; and the amendment of
! the Senate was concurred in.
The thirty-first amendment was then read, as
follows:
For clerks to committees and President pro tempore,
draughtsman, messengers, pages, laborers, police, horses,
and carry-alls,,*4,400.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
The thirty-second amendmentwas then read, as
follows:
For miscellaneous items: To replace this amount, drawn
by order of tin* rtenale (Van that h< ad ot <ipproptiutiou, in
a payment to It. M. Young, as cunimixioner to investigate
charges against Hon. A. Ramsay, late superintendent of
Indian afhtns, Minnesota, $9131 "20.
Mr. PHELPS. I will make a brief explanation
of the amendment now under consideration. At
the extra session of the Senate, commencing the
4th day of March of the last year, the Committee
i on Indian Affairs in that body repoi ted a resolution
: asking an investigation of certain charges which
1 had been made against Goveraor Ramsay while
! acting as superintendent of Indian affairs in the
I Territory of Minnesota. The Committee on In-
i dian Affairs had, prior to that time, been engaged
! some time in the investigation of this matter, and
I they concluded to transfer this investigation to an
! agent who should proceed to the Territory ot
1 Minnesota, and there conduct it. A resolution to
1 that effect was adopted by the Senauf,'and Judge
' Young, of this city, was appointed commis-
sioner. He proceeded to the Territory of Minne-
! sota, made an investigation of the charges pre-
ferred against Governor Ramsay, made a report
to the Senate, and the compensation for his ser-
vices must be paid out of the contingent fund of
i the Senate, it being a deficiency to be paid out of
I that fund. The Secretary of the Senate made a
special estimate of this amount as being due to
Judge Young for the services performed.
Mr. LETCHER. I want to have that estimate
I read.
i Mr. PHELPS. There are no items given. It
: merely states the amount. It is in these words:
! For miscellaneous items : To replace tins amount, drawn
■ by ouler of the Senate from that head of apptopriation, m a
payment to It. M. Young, a^ commissioner to investigate
| chaises against Hon. A. Ramsay, late superintendent of
i Indian affaire, Minnesota, $924 20.
Judge Young was allowed six dollars a day
during the time he was employed in the investiga-
tion, including traveling expenses and stationery.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
The thirty-third amendment was then reported,
as follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Senate to pay for the maps
of the public lands authorized by the resolution of the Sen-
ate of the ad March, 18.">.i, to be printed under the diieciion
of the Committee on Public Lund*, $5,100.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend concurrence in this amend-
ment. I hold in my hand a copy of the resolu-
tion adopted by the Senate, directing these maps
to be printed. I will read the resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be, and
they aie hereby, authorized to have printed the map* now
prepaied, and m coui^e ot pieparation.
That resolution was adopted March 3, 1853.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What is the neces-
sity for these maps ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I was going, Mr. Chairman,
to ask a question from the gentleman who is at the
head of the Committee on Public Lands. It is
this: Whether this appropriation is intended to
cover the same kind of service for which we made
an appropriation in this bill a few days ago? If
it is true, Mr. Chairman, that the House employs
half a dozen or more clerks to prepare these maps
for Congress, it seems to me that it would be cer-
tainly a waste of money for us to make that appro-
priation if the Senate do the same thing. My im-
pression is, that the two items are meant to cover
the same thing, as the same kind of maps which
are being made for the House are also being made
for the Senate. That is my opinion; but I would
like informationupon it. If it be true, which I do
not dispute, that this appropriation is correct,
then I would desire to call the attention of the gen-
tleman at the head of the Committee on Public
Lauds to it, so that when the other bill conus u£
he may have some system devised on this subject.
Mr. I2*HELPS. I would remark that, as to the
maps which are being prepared for the House,
there has been no direction given that they should
be printed. The Senate dii ected these maps to be
printed; and this nppiopriation is for the purpose
of defraying the expense of the printing and pub-
lishing.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
The thirty-fourth amendment was then read, as
follows:
Pnjjc thirteen, line three hundred and two, after the word
"items," strike out c,ten," and insert in lieu thereof
" twenty,"
—so as to make it read:
For miscellaneous items, $20,000.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, this is a prop-
osition to increase the appropriation for mis-
cellaneous items m the contingent expenses of the
House of Representatives. In the original bill
we appropriated $7,000, under the head of miscel-
laneous items, for the contingent expenses of this
House, in consequence of the investigation of
charges that are now going on by several com-
mittees of this House, and vn consequence of the
number of witnesses that have been in attendance,
it has become necessary to increase this estimate.
The Clerk of the House of Representatives thinks
it necessary to increase the estimate by $10,000;
and the Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend a concurrence in that amendment.
The question was put; and the amendment was
concurred in.
The thirty-fifth amendmentwas read, as follows:
Page thirteen, after line three hundred and seven, inseit
as follows: For continuing the preparation and publication
of a stereotyped catalogue of the libtaryof Congress, ,®5,OUO.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in this amend-
ment.
The question was taken; and the amendment was
concurred in.
The thirty-sixth amendment wasread,asfollows:
Page fourteen, after line three hundred and twenty-one,
insert as follows : For rent of paper vvareroom from the 1st
of January to 30th of June, ld54, *u$250pei annum $!2o.
Mr. PHELPS. I suggest that this amendment,
and also the thirty-seventh, may be considered
simultaneously, as they appertain to the same sub-
ject-matter; and the Committee of Ways and
Means, recommend a non-concurrence in both of
them.
