2148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
1
SUSPENSION OF RULES.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to suspend the 16th
joint rule for the purpose of allowing the bill,
which was passed this morning, " to provide for
the surrender of certain bonds of the State of In-
diana held by the United States," to be sentto the
House of Representatives to-day.
. Mr. RUSK. It would be better to make the
motion general, so as to apply to such bills as may
be passed during the day.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have no objection to that.
Mr. SUMNER. As that is a joint rule, should
it not be suspended in accordance with the House?
Mr. RUSK. It only requires the action of the
Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. In accordance with the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Texas, I modify my
motion so as to read:
Resolved, That the 16th and 17th joint rules, for such
bills as have passed, or may pass during this session, be
suspended for tho residue of the session.
The rules which are proposed to be suspended
are as follows:
" 36. No hill that shall have passed one House, shall be
sent for concurrence to the other on either of the throe last
days of tbe session.
17. No bill or resolution that shall have passed the
House of Representatives and the Senate, shall be presented
to the President of the United States for his approbation,
on the last day of the session."
The resolution was agreed to.
ATMOSPHERIC TELEGRAPH.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That one thousand additional copies of the re-
port of tffe sclect committee on the subject of Richardson's
proposed atmospheric telegraph, be printed for the use of
the Senate,
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received frpm the President of
the United States, by Mr. Wkbster, his Secre-
tary, announcing that he had approved and signed,
on the 2d instant, the following bills:
An act to constitute Tuscumbia, in the State of
Alabama, a port of delivery, and for other pur-
poses;
An act constituting Madison, in the State of
Indiana, a port of delivery;
An act creating a collection district in Texas
and New Mexico;
An act to establish a port of delivery at. Lake
Port, on Lake Pontchartrain, and for other pur-
poses;
An act to relinquish the reversionary interest of
the United States to a certain reservationftherein
mentioned, and to confirm the title of Charles G.
Gunter thereto; and
An act to provide for the accommodation of the
courts of the United States in the district of Mas-
sachusetts, and in the cities of New York and
Philadelphia.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKeaw, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the House insisted on their disa-
greement to certain amendments of the Senate to
the bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1855, insisted on by the
Senate; and insisted on their amendments to certain
other amendments of the Senate to the said bill
which had been disagreed to by the Senate; that
they agreed to the conference asked by the Senate
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
said bill, and had appointed Mr. Houston, of
Alabama, Mr. Haven, of New York, and Mr.
Hendricks, of Indiana, managers on their part.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. GW1N, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill from the House of Representatives, '' making'
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1855," which had been
reported from the Committee on Finance, without
amendment.
Mr. GWIN. In order to facilitate business, 1
propose that the bill be reported to the Senate, and
that the amendments be then offered
Mr. STUART and Mr. CHASE objected to
that mode of proceeding.
* Mr. GWIN. I have a n«mber,of amendments
to offer from the Committee on Naval Affairs. The
first is to insert after the appropriation for the I
Memphis navy-yard the following; j
Navy- Yard at San Francisco,—Forcontinuing the black-
smith shop, the carpenter shop, storehouse, wharf, offi-
cers' quarters, and other works, $200,000.
This is merely a continuation of an appropria-
tion made last year. The estimate of the Depart-
ment was upwards of a million of dollars, and
the committee on naval affairs recommend but
$200,000; being $850,000 less than the estimate.
Mr. PEARCE. X shall make no objection to
this amendment; for I suppose it is perfectly
proper, if we are at this time to make any ap-
propriations for the navy-yard at San Francisco;
but I will remark, that the appropriations made in
this bill for navy-yards and magazines at different
points already amount to nearly a million of dol-
lars. If the Senate think proper, at this time,
to add $200,000 more for the navy-yard at San
Francisco, I shall make no objection; for I sup-
pose at some future time it will be necessary to
nave a naval establishment there; but whether it
is advisable now to add this amendment to the
very large amount of appropriations already con-
tained in the bill, is a question for the Senate to
decide; I simply wished to call their attention to
the facts.
Mr. GWIN. The Government has already
expended $100,000 for purchasing a site, and re-
moving all obstacles for the purpose of establish-
ing a navy-yard there. It appropriated $100,000
at the last session of Congress for the commence-
ment of the work. This sum of $200,000 is to
enable us to go on. If we are ever to have a navy-
yard there at all, it is time that we should make
something like a respectable commencement.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 think that if we are to have
navy-yards anywhere, San Francisco is the proper
place for one. We have nothing in the shape of
a navy-yard, or any preparation for naval defense
on that coast, where it is now so necessary when,
we are opening a new commerce with all the East.
I hope the amendment will be agreed to.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. GWIN. I am further instructed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs, to offer this amend-
ment, to come in after the provision for pay of
superintendents, naval constructors, and all the
civil establishments of the several navy-yards and
stations:
That at the litivy-yard at San Francisco, the pay of the
commander shall be $3,500 pnr annum; the pay of one
storekeeper, $3,500; one civil engineer, $4,000; one drafts-
man, who shall be clerk to engineer, $2,000 ; one clerk to
the storekeeper, $2,000 ; one navy agent, §4,000; one
clerk to navy agent, $2,000.
These salaries are recommended by the Navy
Department as necessary at that navy-yard.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. The next amendment of the
Committee on Naval Affairs is to insert after the
one just adopted the following :
That in settling the acrounls of tho late navy agent at
Memphis, the sum of .$2,964 59, already received by him
and passed to his credit upon the books of ihe Treasury
Department previous to tho passage of the act making ap-
propriations for the naval service lor the year ending June
30, 1853, shall not be deducted from his salary as acting
purser provided for by the said act.
Mr. STUART. I should like to have some
elucidation of this. Here is an express direction
to the accounting officers of the Treasury to allow
this man this sum of money. Now, wehaveo-one
on from time to time exculpating men from liabili-
ties to the Government without ever fully consid-
ering what we were doing. This case may be
one in which the Government of the United States
ought to relinquish this amount; but simply say-
ing it ought to be done is certainly not satisfactory
to the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will give way, he
can have an explanation which, I suppose, will
remove his objection.
Mr. STUART. I shall be glad to hear it.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, Mr. Perrin,
for whom this amendment is proposed, is a con-
stituent of one of the members of the Committee
j1" Naval Affairs, the Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. Bell.] 1 have looked into the case, and I
will state it as I understand it. Mr. Perrin was
navy agent at Memphis, and while navy agent
served three years. A purser at that station was !
entitled to receive $2,000 a year; but there being !
none there, Perrin was ordered by the Secretary j
of the Navy to assume and execute the duties of !
purser, and he did so. Thereupon there were !
large contracts made for work, labor, and materials 1
to be expended at Memphis; but instead of making
the drafts payable at Memphis, which would have
given the percentage to the pursur there, they were
made payable at Boston, so that he got no per-
centage though he did all the duties of purser other-
wise. Subsequently, Mr. Graham, Secretary of
the Navy, insisted on his performing the service,
and said he would send a resolution to Congress
by which he should get the pay of a purser. He
did get that pay, $2,000 a year. Previous to that,
he had executed the duties of navy agent; and his
commissions for that service amount to the sum
stated in the amendment. When he presented his
accounts, they allowed him his salary as purser
but all the commissions which he earned as navy
agent were struck out. The committee thought it
unjust, and therefore reported this amendment.
Mr. STUART. I understand the statement,
then, to be that he received full pay as navy agent
during a certain period, and at a subsequent period
he received pay as a purser in the Navy; and now
it is proposed to go back of this, and pay him as
navy agent, and as purser also. That is. con-
trary to the policy and the law of the United
States. I think it wrong in principle.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senatorhas not under-
stood the explanation. Mr. Perrin had earned
this sum of money, and it was due and payable
to him. When he was called upon to perform
the duties of purser, these commissions were all
earned for three years services. He had paid
himself; but when he came to settle his accounts,
they allowed him, instead of his pay as navy
agent, only the pay of purser, whereas hejier-
formed the duties of both stations, with tlwex-
press understanding that he was to be paid.
Mr. STUART. I understand it. This man
was navy agent,and, as navy agent, received the
pay due to him as such.
Mr. BELL. Allow me to say to the honor-
able Senator, that the sum of over $2,900 now in
question, is the only amount he ever received for
four years' service as navy agent. He never got
one cent besides, either as salary or commission.
The honorable Senator is totally mistaken in his
view of the case. If Mr." Perrin be not allowed
this sum, he will not receive one cent for acting
four years as navy agent.
Mr. STUART. Let me inquire of the Sena-
tor from Tennessee whether, as navy agent, he
was not entitled to a certain amount of pay
Mr. BELL. Commissions to the amount of
$2,900 were received by him for the expenditures
at the navy-yard for three years prior to the pas-
sage of the act of 1853. That act allowed him
$2,000 a year, as acting purser attheyard. Then
the difficulty has arisen with the accounting offi-
cers as to whether he should be allowed commis-
sions as navy agent. I think there ought to be no
difficulty; but the officers have deducted all he re-
ceived for the whole service, as navy agent, for
three years—$2,900—-from his allowance as pur-
ser. That is the true state of the ease.
Mr. PEARCE. I understand*the fact to be
this: This gentleman was navy agent, and, as
such, like all other navy agents, he was entitled
to no compensation, except what he derived from
commissions on his disbursements* There have
been cases where navy agents have been in office
for a considerable time, without receiving a cent;
as, for example, in California,, some years ago,
great complaint was made about having a navy
agent there, and allowing him to receive the emol-
uments of the office, when, in fact, he never dis-
bursed a dollar and never received a cent commis-
sion. It is, therefore, not an unusual thing for a
navy agent to receive small compensation for
making small disbursements. I understand this
gentleman, in consequence of performing duties
ordinarily performed by a purser, was allowed to
receive the pay of a purser. He did not receive
pay as a navy agent, but received the pay of a
purser, which was twice as much at least; and I
understand he has received more money for the
services performed than $2,900.
Mr. MALLORY. The honorable Senator is
mistaken, and I think in a few words I can make
the case so clear that he cannot misapprehend it.
Mr. PEARCE. I should like to know if the
Secretary of the Navy has recommended this ap-
propriation ?
Mr. MALLORY. Not that I am aware of;
but the committee who have investigated the sub-
ject do recommend it,
