1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
214®
Mr. PEARCE. I hope it will not be passed
now. Why not bring it forward as a separate
bill, and give us time to look into it.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to give the Senator
an explanation. He has mistaken the facts, and I
wish to show him what the facts really are.
Mr. PEARCE. Before the Senator goes on, I
will make this point: I look on this as a private
claim, and it seems to me, therefore, to be excluded
from this appropriation bill, according to our rules.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Walker
in the ahair.) That is the opinion of the Chair,
and has been since theamendment was presented.
Mr. BELL. The amendment does not require
the appropriation of a cent of money. This sum
of $2,900 has been already paid to this gentleman,
and not a cent is required to be appropriated from
the Treasury.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
inquire if the Senator from Maryland makes the
point.of order?
Mr. PEARCE. I suppose it to be a private
claim; but I will look at it again and see.
Mr. BELL. It is declaratory of the act of
1853.
Mr. STUART. I think there can be no doubt
that it is a private claim.
Mr. PEARCE. I see by the amendment that
it requires the sum of $2,900 shall not be deducted
from this gentleman's pay as acting purser. Al-
though it does not actually appropriate any money
out of the Treasury, it in effect does the same
thing; and I think, therefore, my point is a proper
011^
Mr. BELL. The amendment is declaratory of
the opinion of Congress upon the effect of the act
of 1853, and makes no appiopriation. It is only
to provide that the amount which this gentleman
received as navy agent at Memphis for four years
shall not be taken from him, and he shall not be
compelled to pay it to the Government. The hon-
orable Senator from Maryland said it was very
usual for navy agent3 to have nothing to do. Why,
sir, there were large expenditures during the time
that this gentleman was acting as navy agent at
Memphis. Then considerable appropriations
were being made for that yard. I believe $136,000
were appropriated at the last Congress; and, if all
the appropriations had passed through his hands,
he would have received $6,000 as navy agent, in-
stead of $2,900.
Mr. PEARCE. I am loth to interrupt the
Senator, but the point of order has been raised,
and decided by the Chair; and it is, therefore,
unnecessary to go into the merits of the claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairhas
intimated that it was his opinion that this was a
private claim; but, as he is only a temporary
occupant of the chair, he will submit the question
to the decision of the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. I think the question is raised too
late.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion,
when raised, has to be considered. There has
been no vote on the amendment, and therefore it
cannot be too late. The Chair will not decide the
question. He will merely give his opinion, and
submit the question to the Senate. Those who
are of opinion that this is a private claim, and
therefore excluded by the rules, will say " Aye;"
those of a contrary opinion will say " No."
The question being taken, the amendment was
decided to be a private claim, and therefore ex*
eluded under the rules.
Mr. GWIN. The next amendment of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs is to strike out ihe follow-
ing clause:
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pay the salary
of Professor James P. E^pyforthe current fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1855. $2,000; the payment to be made in the
same manner, and under the like control, as foimer appro,
prlations for meteorological observations.
Mr. PEARCE. The object of this amendment
is to strike out the app*. priation for the salary of
Professor Espy, engaged in meteorological ser-
vice under the direction of the Navy Department.
This gentleman has been engaged in this business
for several years. I do not recollect when it be-
gan; but I know that in 1846 an appropriation was
made for the purpose, though it was omitted by
mistake in the bill of that year. In 1847 another
•appropriation was made of this sum of money, to
be applied to his use in the prosecution of meteor-
ological researches, under the direction of the
Navy Department. So it has continued from year ,
to year. I have heard no reason assigned by any i
committee for striking out this appropriation. 1 '
should like to hear some reason assigned for it i
before I go any further. I hear none.
Mr. MALLORY. If the Senator will take his
seat, I think I can give him a reason.
Mr. PEARCE. Very well, sir; I shall be glad
to hear it.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, there are a
great many abuses existing in the organization
and expenditures of the Navy. They come be-
fore us every day. And the Committee on Naval
Affairs would be wanting in justice to them-
selves and the Senate if they did not, when they
discover them, bring them to the notice of the
Senate. Now the clause proposed to be stricken
out is in these words:
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pay the salary
of Professor James P. Espy, for the current fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1855, $2,000 ; the payment to be made in the
same manner, and under the like control as former appro-
priations for meteorological observations.
This is the first time the appropriation was ever
made in this form. Heretofore there has usually
been an appropriation to enable the Secretary to get
these meteorological observations; but never have
I been able to discover that it was made payable
to a single individual. Now, I will say, with all
due respect for Professor Espy, of whom I enter-
tain a very high opinion, that he is not an officer
of the Government. He is not subject to the
appointment of the President. He is not in any
Department. He has no office, no employment
under the United States. He comes here, at the
end of the year, and submits to us certain results
of meteorological observations, asks us to accept
them, print them, and pay him so much money.
In that regard he is precisely upon the same
footing that any other intelligent scientific gen-
tleman would be, who reported to us his discov-
eries in any branch of science. We are called on
here, from year to year, to appropriate this money,
without the appropriations being controlled by
any committee of either Plouse of Congress, or
having any direction over the subject at all.
Why, sir, if these meteorological observations
are necessary, if they conduce to any practical or
beneficial end—on which I will not now under-
take to pass any opinion—I consider that they
should be madeat our Observatory. We have at
our Observatory ten lieutenants, receiving salaries
of from $1,500 to $3,000 a year; we have seven
professors of mathematics; we have several passed
midshipmen; we appropriate from $10,000 to
$50,000 per annum for charts and for nautical in-
struments for the Observatory, And are we to
be told that when meteorological observations are
wanted we are to go to a private individual, who
comes forward at the end of the session, and sub-
mits them for our approbation and acceptance?
Is that the way we are to get these observations?
No, sir. I have no doubt that their generalization
by Professor Espy has received the approbation
of scientific men, and that they may be useful;
but I submit that this means of obtaining them is
not just, and is not right. We might as well ac-
cept the book or the report of any other private
individual upon any abstract subject of science at
the end of the session, and approve it. We have
no means of looking at this matter. We are
called 011 here to pay for these observations, and
I do not know that the reports of them ever saw
the inside of a ship. They have been piled up in
the naval committee room. We have no means
of examining them. No committee ever passed
( upon them. This is the first time I know of that
! this has ever been specifically introduced into the
j naval appropriation bill.
i If it be thedesire of the Senate to continue these
' meteorological observations, not at our own Ob-
servatory, under our own control and direction,
> but to accept those made by a private individual,
i be it so. They are now being made all over this
I country. Under the orders of the proper Depart-
i ment, wef have them made at every naval station
and at every military station in the country. If,
however, we want to go to a private individual to
get these meteorological observations, I say then,
if that is to be the way, let the Secretary of the
Navy expend the money as he may think best,
and do not confine the appropriation to one par-
ticular individual above all the world, but give
every man a fair chance, and select the best.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, several years
ago Congress made appropriations " for meteor-
ology." The first one which I notice to thia
volume of laws, reads in this way: "For r^|p-
! propriation of this sum for compensation of
' meteorologist, the same having been omitted by
1 mistake in the enrollment of the civil and diplo-
i matic bill of the last session, $2,000." I find in the
appiopriation bill of next year " for meterologi-
cal observations, to be conducted under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Navy," and a few
j other times " for meteorology under the direction
I of the Secretary of the Navy," so much.
Now, sir, Professor Espy does not come here
as a private individual, having made meteorologi-
cal observations, asking the Senate to pay him in
advance. On the contrary, an examination of the
statutes shows that Congress have appropriated
money for meteorology, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Navy, and the
Secretaries of the Navy heretofore have employed
Mr. Espy to makethesemeteorological reductions,
for, sir, he does not make meteorological observa-
tions; not at all. The Senator is right when he
; says that we have for a number of years had me-
j teorological observations made at the stations of
: the Army and of the Navy. That is all true, but
j those observations are of no manner of use until
they are reduced into form, until they are gener-
alized, and some rule deduced from them.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Can they not reduce them
i ill the Observatory?
i Mr". PEARCE. No, sir. In the Observatory
! they can make one set of observations; but that
| is worth nothing; you must have a thousand sets
| in order to generalize with any advantage. These
j observations are made throughout the country, at
all our naval and military stations. We want
somebody to generalize and reduce them; and the
Secretaries of the Navy have employed Mr. Espy
to do this. He is not a private individual forcing
himself upon the attention of Congress to do this
thing. It is true he is not an officer of the Gov-
ernment; but he is an individual who has been
employed under the authority conferred on the
Secretary of the Navy by law, for more than ten
years, to reduce these observations. He has un-
common capacity for that service. You have not
got, of all your lieutenants at the Observatory, and
at all your stations, any man one fortieth as com-
petent as Professor Espy, to make these general-
izations and reductions. It is because of his
especial fitness for it, that he has been employed
i by th'e Secretaries of the Navy, and continues to
| be employed by them.
Mr. GWIN. Has the present Secretary of the
! Navy estimated for this, or does he desire the
j employment? Has the Senator any official in-
! formation?
| Mr. PEARCE. I do not know whether the
| present Secretary of the Navy has done so or
j not; but it has been estimated- for in times past,
and we are continuing that which the laws have
! heretofore authorized. There are plenty of ex-
j amples to this effect in your legislation here.
; Take the very Observatory of which gentlemen
speak. Do they know how that was got up ?
: There never was any law authorizing an observ-
! atory. For years and years there was an esti-
; mate for a depot of charts and barometers; and
! that has expanded, under general appropriation
acts, without any specific statute creating an
: observatory, to the condition in which wejnnw
behold it. It is a very useful establishment,
and has grown very largely, more largely, per-
! haps, than strict economy would have justified,
i' There are numerous other instances. Your Naval
^ School at Annapolis began without any act of
i| Congress authorizing it. The Secretary of the
i Navy thought proper to employ a portion of the
naval funds towards that purpose, and out of
that has grown the great Naval School at Annap-
; olis, which you have recognised by law in various
II instances; but, I believe, always m appropriation
!| bills. And yon have recognized this employment
11 for the purpose of meteorological reductions, just
'! precisely as you have recognized the other two
i| establishments of which I have spoken.
j' Now, 1 say this is a very useful thing, and
I Professor Espy's eminence in this regard is above
': all other men in our country. I have in my hand
i a French book, published in Paris, by Monsieur
1 Maillet, a very eminent meteorologist, and I find
; m this book a brief account of Professor Espy's
