1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-mi
The bill, as it came from the House, proposed
to direct, that, upon conviction of offenders in the
western judicial district of the State of Arkansas,
for offenses to which punishment by confinement
in the penitentiary is annexed, it shall be lawful
for thecourt before whom convictions have or may
be had, to sentence convicts to undergo imprison-
ment in the penitentiary house of the State situated
in the eastern judicial district in the same manner
as though the penitentiary house was situated in
the western judicial district of the State of Arkan-
sas, and to add the counties of Sevier and Sebas-
tian to the western judicial district.
The amendment of the Committee on Indian
Affans was to add the following:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That wheu any per-
son shall he convicted, m the district court for the western
district of Arkansas, of any offense, committed after the
passage of this act, the punishment or part of the .punish-
ment whereof is imprisonment by the laws now-existing,
the j-aid punishment or part of the punishment shall he con-
finement arid imprisonment, with hard labot, for the same
length of tune, and shall be carried into effect as provided
in the preceding section.
Sec. 3. -And be it further enacted* That nothing con-
tained m the Uventy-fifth section ot an act entitled "An act
to regulate intercouise with the Indian tribes, and preserve
peace on the frontiers,"approvPd 30th of June, 1834, shall
be construed to extend or apply to said Indian country any
of the laws enacted for the District of Columbia, and that
nothing contained in the twentieth section of the said act,
which provides for the punishment of offenses Therein
specified, shall be construed to extend to any Indian com-
muting said offenses in the Indian country, or to any In-
dian committing any oftVnso who has been punched by the
local law of the tribe, or m any case where, by treaty stip-
ulations, the exclusive jut i-dictiou over such offenses may
now or hereafter he secured to -said 1 ndian tribes, respect-
ively, and anything in said act inconsistent with this act be,
and the *>amc is hereby, repealed. j
►Snc.4. And be it further enacted, That any white per- '
son who shall hereafter set fiie, or attempt to set fire, to any \
bouse, out hotne, cabin, stable, or other building, in said j
Indian country, to whomsoever belonging; and any Indian !
who shall vet tire to any house, out-house, cabin, stable, or
other building, in said Indian country, belonging to or in
lawful possesion of a white person, m whole or in pait,
and whether the same be consumed or not, shall be deemed
guilty of a felony, arid shall be punished by confinement and
imprisonment, with hard labor, for not more than twenty-
one noi less than two years.
Sec. 5. And, be it further enacted, That any white per-
son who shall make an assault upon an Indian, or other per-
son, or any Indian who shall make an assault upon a white
person, within said Indian country, with a gun, rifle, swoid,
pistol, knife, or any other deadly weapon, with intent to kill
or maim the person so assaulted, "shall be deemed guilty of
a felony, and shall, on conviction.be punished with con-
finement and imprisonment, with hard labor, for not more
than fi\e yeais not less Hian one year.
Sec.(i. And heit further enacted, That in all criminal
cases, upon indictment, for offences committed in said In-
dian country, pnoi to the creation of said western district of
Arkansas, now pending in the circuit coutt of the United ;
States for tiie eastern district of Arkansas, process for wit- ;
nesves residing or to be found m said western district may j
issue to the marshal ofsaid eastern district, and be executed j
by him in any part of said western district; and that the |
t( es of all witnesses so summoned shall be paid by the ;
United States. j
On the motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, a verbal !
amendment was made to the amendment of the •
committee in the third section, which does not
alter the sense of the section.
The amendment as amended was agreed to; the
bill was reported to the Senate as amended; the
amendment was concurred in, and was ordered to
be engrossed; and the bill was ordered to be read
a third time,amd was read a third time, and passed.
SOLAR COMPASS.
On the motion of Mr. STUART, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill to enable the United States
to make use of the solar compass in the public
surveys.
No amendment being proposed, fhebill was re-
ported to the Senate; and the question was stated
to be on ordering it to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. EVANS. 1 should desire to know some-
thing more about this bill before the question is
taken. I have not even heard the report read; but
I heard a partial discussion upon it the other day.
Its object is to compensate the individual named
in the bil! for improvements made upon the com-
pass which has been used by the United States
in the surveys. The United States have used that
compass, and have, as I understand, paid for the
use; and now it is asked that he should have
$15,000 to enable the Government still to use it.
I do not see upon what principle we are asked to
do this. I do not see any great public benefit
which is to result from it.
Mr. STUART. I think I can satisfy the Sen-
ator from South Carolina in a moment by a refer-
ence to a statement of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office. The Commissioner states
that already there has been saved to the United
States $622,ObO on lands that could not have been
surveyed without this compass. The proposition
that the inventor himself made, was only to give
him one mill on every acre of land that could not
be surveyed without it. The Senator will see that
the lands to be afterwards surveyed, and which
could not be done without this compass, would
make the amount not thousands only, but would
run it into millions.
I remarked the other day that I considered it
the very strongest case that could be presented to
the consideration of Congress, upon the facts here
stated. There are several extracts in the report
of the Commissioner, going; to show that it is indis-
pensable. For instance, in Arkansas there was a
tract of country which was not surveyed, and the
Commissioner certifies that, without this compass,
it could not have been surveyed, on account of the
local attraction. There is a place there called the
magnetic pole, I think, that never wa.s surveyed,
and could not have been with the ordinary com-
pass. So that the Senate will see that the amount
which is proposed to be paid this man is a mere
trivial sum in comparison with the great benefit
derived by the Government of the United States.
The question was taken on ordering the bill to
be engrossed for a third reading, and the President
decided that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. CASS called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. CASS. I desire to say a word upon this
subject. I have some knowledge myself of sur-
veying. Nothing is more uncertain than the old
compass. The needle is forever, even under the
most favorable circumstances, liable to err; and it
has occasioned avast loss to the country by trust-
ing to it. Here is an invention which literally,
in the mineral regions, obviates the necessity of j
relying upon the other. You cannot survey with-
out it unless you.run a line by putting up stakes,
which would be a most tedious and everlasting
operation.
This invention we have used; our officers have
used it in the surveys; they could not have done
their work properly without it. It is a beneficial
and most useful invention; we have used it, and
saved thousand and thousands of'dollars, as well
as disputes with regard to lines; and no w the recom-
mendation is to pay him the small sum of $15,000.
I cannot see upon what principle you can refuse it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I listened to the discussion
on this subject the other day, and it led me to an
investigation of the matter. I confess I was im-
pressed with the belief that the principle of the bill
was all wrong. The investigation of it, however,
has satisfied me that it is all right; and I can give
it my vote with cheerfulness.
! Mr. STUART. I will not detain the Senate
| long; but I will add a remark or two to what I
| have already said. It was said the other day that
; this man had a patent, which was true. He spent,
j however, the whole fourteen years during which
J that patent existed in perfecting it; and the com-
j pass now used is not called the compass which
| was patented, but it is " Burt's improved solar
I compass." He received, under that patent,
| eighty dollars. The question to him was, whether
| he would ask the Government to lenew the patent,
j which would put the Government and its survey-
I ors at his mercy entirely, or whether he would
! not ask that, but would ask the Government to
! make him some compensation for the some twenty ;
| odd years of his life which had been spent m
! making this valuable invention. He resolved to |
! adopt the latter course; and I will repeat, if Sen- '
- ators were not giving attention to what f said be-
1 fore, the Commissioner of the General Land Of-
i fice states that in the upper peninsula of Michigan,
: in Wisconsin, in Arkansas, and, he also stated, ;
' in Oregon, California, New Mexico, and Utah, j
| there are large districts of country that, without |
! this, could not be surveyed. The thing could not j
' be done. Here are certificates to that effect from j
I surveyors in the Lake Superior region. There is ;
i one from Professor John Locke, of Boston, in i
; which he says that not only did the ordinary com- 1
| pass vary a«usual,butitabsolutely pointed south.J
| As 1 said, this man asked the Commissioner of j
j the General Land Office whether he would recom- j
I mend Congress to pay hiin one null on an acre for |
the land that could not be surveyed -without his
invention. The Commissioner says that that
would give him over $9,000 for what has already
been done, and it is but'a commencement. He
therefore recommends that Congress pay some
sum, not only for the use which has been had, but
for the use in all time to come, and withhold frorn
him a patent, i have no hesitation in saying that
this will be a saving to the Government.
Mr. EVANS. I understand the Senator to say
that a patent has been issued to this man for this
invention.
. Mr. STUART. The Senator misunderstands
me. His first patent, which was for the old com-
pass, expired. Under that he received £80 for his
instruments. He has not received a patent for his
improved invention. Instead of proposing to re-
new his patent, which would place the Govern-
ment at his mercy, he proposes to take a small
compensation for the use, by the Government, of
his instrument. The Senate will see in aYnoment
that nobody but the Government is benefited by
this.
Mr. ADAMS. I desire to ask the Senator a
question. I understood him to sajr that the Gov-
ernment has been using this invention in the sur-
veys. lias it been in violation of the patent, or
has it been by the consentof the individual? The
Senator states that a patent would place the Gov-
ernment entirely subject to the mercy of the in-
ventor. Has he consented to the use of it hereto-
fore? If he has had a patent all this time, and the
Government was at his mercy, how has he real-
ized but eighty dollars ?
Mr. STUART, 1 understand these to be the
facts. His patent expired in 1850. Most of the
surveys of the lands to which I have alluded have
been made since that time. The question to de-
termine in his own mind was, whether he would
ask a renewal of that patent from Congress, or a
compensation in money. He has determined—and
the chief use has been since that time. It is stated
very distinctly, by the manufacturer, that under
his original patent, he got but eighty dollars.
Mr. DAWSON. It is only the principle in-
volved in this case that induces me to say any-
thing upon the subject. This solar compass has
been patented under the laws authorizing patents
to be issued, and it belongs to the individual.
Mr. STUART. Not this compass. I will say
to the Senator that he patented a compass which
involved the original principle, the patent for
which expired in 1850. The improved compass
now in use, and which does this work for the
Government, is not patented.
Mr. DAWSON. Which he has a right to
have patented, I suppose.
Mr. STUART. He would have had.
Mr. DAWSON. And will have, if this bill
passes.
Mr. STUART. No, sir. I will state to the
Senator, he cannot. The Senator must know the
patent laws in that respect. He has permitted
the use of the compass for so long a time by the
public, that he cannot have it patented under the
I general laws. He would be obliged to apply to
Congress for a patent.
Mr. DAWSON. That is what I understand;
but we are in the habit of granting patents in all
similar cases. All patents are useful to some pur-
pose, and if they are useful exclusively to a few
individuals, those persons will have to pay a high
price for them, as there will not be a great demand
for them. But it is said that this patent is valu-
able to the United States in the survey of lands.
So was the old compass; so are all the instruments
connected with surveying valuable; and many of
them are patented, and they go into the hands of
surveyors on the ground of their usefulness.
Everv instrument necessary to carry on the ma-
chinery of Government must be purchased by this
Government, and now it is said that this individ-
ual will not apply for a patent, if a payment of
S15,000 is made to him by the Government.
S 1 know it is needless to suggest the Constitution
of the United States, and ask where it is that we
get the power to purchase these various inventions;
when the Constitution prescribes precisely how
the inventors ore to be protected. I do think, my-
self, that we had better pursue the old course. If
our surveyors need this kind of compass let them
pay the market price. If the Government desire to
purchase any one of these compasses, let them pay
the price for thorn, and not become the loiamop.
