582
-THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
purchaser of the particular or special right of the
individual. Itis opening a gate so that we cannot
tell how extensive and wide may be the conse-
quences that will follow. The reaper may be a
most important and useful invention in some sec-
tions of the country. It comes back to this ques-
tion, one of constitutional authority. "We have
surveyed all the lands within the limits of the
United States, subject to our control; and, so far,
we have done it without any difficulty that I have'
heard of before, save the variation of the compass,
which has existed always from the period of its
discovery; and I think we had better adhere to its
use. One step in this way leads to many more.
We are giving more outlets for appropriations,
and making the Government the purchaserof more
articles than the Constitution ever contemplated,
and, in my judgment, more than ever ought to be.
I have no doubt, from what Senators say in rela-
tion to this compass ,thatit is exceedingly valuable;
but at, the same time, I maintain that the better
policy is to pay the price of the instrument; and if
the individual who is the inventor has lost the
patent by his own negligence, we will give him a
law to renew his patent. He has placed himself
in this condition; we are not responsible, nor the
surveyors. For one, I can never vote for this prin-
ciple.
Mr. EVANS. I understood the Senator from
Michigan that the inventor had renewed his
patent.
Mr. STUART. The honorable Senator from
South Carolina misunderstood me. His patent
expired in 1850, and he never renewed it. I stated
that the question with him was, whether he would
ask and obtain the renewal of his patent, and a
' patent for the improvement upon it—the effect of
which would be to place the Government of the
United States, in surveying all these mineral lands,
at his mercy; because, that without his instrument
the Commissioner of the General Land Office says
the lands cannot be surveyed—or whether he
would allow the compass to become public, and
ask the Government to give him some small com-
pensation for this very great benefit to the Gov-
ernment, stated, as I said, by the Commissioner,
to have already exceeded $000,000. I should be
very glad, if the thing were left to me, to take a
law of Congress authorizing a new patent, rather
than to take this sum, or ten times the sum.
The question was taken by yeas and nays; and
resulted—yeas 17, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Brown, Cass, Chase, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Everett, Foot, Geyer, tlamlin, Jones of
Iowa, Seward, Stuart, Sumner, Thomson of New Jersey,
Wade, Walker, and Wcller—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Dawson, Kvans, Fish, Owin,
Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Norris, IYu.it, Rusk, Sebas-
tian, Shields, Siidell, Thompson of Kentucky, and Wil
hams—15.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. JMORRIS objected to its third reading to-
day.
ARMY RETIRED LIST.
The bill to promote the efficiency of the Army
by retiring disabled officers, was read a third
time; and the question was stated to be, " Shall
the bill pass?"
On a division, there were—ayes 21, noes 3—no
quorum voting.
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, lesulted—
yeas 26, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison. Brown, Cass, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Evans, Everett, Fish, Fttzpatrick, Foot, Geyer,
Houston, Jones Of Tennessee, Ma-ou. Rusk, Sebastian,
Seward, Shields, Shdeii, Stuart, Thompson or Kentucky,
Thomson of IVetv Jersey, Wade, Walker, Weiler, and
Williams—Q6.
NAYS—Messrs, Adams, Chase, Hamlin, Pettit, and
Sumner—5.
The PRESIDENT. There is no quorum
voting.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 9, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. KITTREDGE. I received a remonstrance
yesterday, purporting to be signed by about three
thousand legal voters of New Hampshire, and the
day before yesterday another signed by ninety
citizens of Londonderry, Rockingham county,
New Hampshire, both respectfully and earnestly
protesting against any repeal of the prohibition of
slavery upon the addition of slave territory to the
Union, immediate or prospective, such as is pro-
posed in the Nebraska bill of Senator Douglas.
I ask the unanimous consent of the House that
they be received, and laid upon the table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 object; they can be
referred, under the rules.
Mr. DEAN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a resolution for the pur-
pose of having it referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs. It is a resolution upon which there
should be immediate action, and to which, lam
quite sure, no one will object.
Mr. HENN. I think we had better go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and if that motion be in order 1 will make it. This
is the last day we shall have for the consideration
of territorial business, and I am anxious that we
should progress as far as possible with that busi-
ness. If we allow one resolution to be introduced
by unanimous consent others will be presented,
and a long time will be thus consumed. I object
to its introduction.
Mr. DEAN. I ask the gentleman at least to
allow the resolution to be read. It relates to a
matter of a good deal of importance, and I think
the House will concur with me in the opinion that
prompt action should be taken upon it.
Mr. WHEELER. I object to the reading, and
call for the regular order of business.
Mr. DEAN. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw his objection and merely allow the res-
olution to be read; then if gentleman object to it,
I will not press the matter further.
Mr. WHEELER. It is not m order to offer
resolutions in this manner, and I think the rule
had better be adhered to.
Mr. DEAN. I am quite sure if the gentleman
knew the object of the resolution, he would not
object to its introduction. I again appeal to him
to withdraw his objection.
Mr. WHEELE'R. 1 cannot.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. YANSANT. I do not often trouble the
House, and I hope the gentleman from Illinois will
now indulge me m the request I make, that lie will
withdraw his motion to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, to enable me
to present a memorial from the city of Baltimore,
and have it referred.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I should likevery much
to accommodate my friend from Maryland; but I
would remark to him that he can accomplish his
purpose by having his memorial presented under
the rule.
Mr. YANSANT. I am aware that I can pre-
sent the memorial through that channel, but it
has been customary to present petitions and me-
morials coming from the cities and States, and
have them referred in open House. I do not
j often ask favors of the House, and I hope they
will indulge me in this. The reasons for having
memorials presented in open House coming from
such sources is obvious. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw the motion.
The SPEAKER. If no objection be made the
memorial will be received and referred.
Mr. SAGE. I object. 1 have my desk full of
similar remonstrances, which I cannot get an op-
portunity to present.
Mr. YANSANT. It is not a remonstrance,
j It is a memorial from the city of Baltimore. They
t are resolutions of the Board of Trade of the city
! of Baltimore, and of citizens of Baltimore, askin^ j
for an appropriation of $300,000 for deepening and S
improving the ship channel of the Patapsco river !
and the Chesapeake Bay. j
The SPEAKER. Objection having been made,
the memorial cannot be received. The question
is upon the motion that the House resolve itself J
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of j
the Union.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a question of order. I
! submit that when I am upon this floor, asking the
; unanimous consent of the House for a certain pur-
pose, no gentleman has the right to take the floor
from me until I have stated that purpose to the
House. My resolution is in relation to the rights
of citizens of the United States at Havana. The
Black Warrior having been seized 
[Cries of " Order! 'J
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order. The"gentleman merely asked
the unanimous consent of the House for a cer-
tain purpose. He did not present a question of
privilege at all; and, in the opinion of the Chair,
any member had the right to object, even before
he had stated what his purpose was.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 now insist upon my
motion.
The question was put, and the motion agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Phelps in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being business re-
lating tp the organized Territories.
W MINNESOTA LAND BILt,.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee last
rose,they had under consideration Senatebill, (No.
38,) entitled "An act to aid the Territory of Min-
nesota in the construction of a railroad for mili-
tary, postal, and other purposes."
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Pringle]
had moved to amend by striking out of the tenth
line in the first section the word " alternate."
Debate having been exhausted upon the amend-
ment, the question now is upon its adoption,
Mr. PR1NGLE. I offered the amendment now
pending; and I should like, with the consent of the
committee, to make a brief explanation of the rea-
sons which induced me to offer it.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the amend-
ment has closed, and the gentleman cannot be al
lowed to proceed.
The question was then put; and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER, I move to strike out in the
seventh line the words " the privilege of extend-
ing the same to the northern terminus of the Illi-
nois Central railroad on the Mississippi river."
Mr. HENN. I rise to a point of order. I
understand that we had passe'd through the bill
yesterday as far as the third section, and were
considering the fourth section when the committee
rose?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Iowa
is mistaken. The committee has not yet passed
from the consideration of the first section of the
bill, although gentlemen have indicated their in-
tention to offer amendments at other points.
Mr. HENN. I did not so understand it. I
will say to the gentleman from Virginia, before
he offers his amendment, that the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Richardson] yesterday offered an
amendment which covered the point at which the
gentlemen aims, and that amendment was adopted.
Mr. LETCHER. What was that amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois, which was adopted yes-
terday, was to insert in the tenth line the words
" in said Territory of Minnesota."
Mr. LETCHER. That does not meet the point
at all, as it strikes me. This bill proposes to grant
lands to the Territory of Minnesota for a railroad
from the mouth of Left Hand river, at the head of
Lake Superior, via St. Paul, to the southern line
of said Territory, with the privilege ef extending
the same to the northern terminus of the Illinois Cen-
tral railroad, on the Mississippi river. With the
privilege to whom ? Does it not clearly mean with
the privilege to the Territory of Minnesota of ex-
tending the line to the State of Illinois to" the
Central railroad? It grants no privilege to the
State of Illinois to extend that road through its
own territory from the line of Minnesota to the
Central railroad. If I understand the language,
it grants the privilege to the Territory of Minne-
sota to extend this line through the territory of an
adjacent State. I do not wish to occupy the time
of the committee further.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will state to the gen-
tleman from Virginia, and to the committee, that
the object of the provision to which he refers, and
which he wishes to strike out, is to grant the right
of way only. I think the hill as it stands secures
that right of way. But I am willing that it shall
be made to conform explicitly to the statement I
have made.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois a question, with his permis-
sion.
