$152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 8,
think it was last year that my colleague and my-
self made an effort to get the Secretary of the
Treasury to purchase a steam propeller on the
Pacific coast for revenue purposes; one that could
be used, no t only for revenue purposes, but in order
to enforce your neutrality laws. Then, I under-
stood, he could have obtained a propeller, the
Constitution, belonging to the same class of ves-
sels with this, for §75,000. The Department did
riot see proper to accede to that proposition. We
could obtain very readily last year a steamer of
the same class for §75,000 or $100,000, and thus
have saved the expense to the Government of
chartering vessels whenever the exigency required
it.
Now, if this contract has been entered into un-
der instructions given'to Captain Dornin, it must
be carried out. I am very sure that no gentle-
man who is acquainted with Captain Dornin
would reflect, in the least degree, on his integrity.
He is one of the most gallant and fearless officers
in the Navy ; one of the most faithful and honest
men, I undertake to say, who is attached to the
public service ; and the last man, with whom 1
am acquainted, who would be disposed to enter
into collusion with others to defraud the Govern-
ment. He may have supposed at the time that
the immediate necessity demanded that this ves-
sel shojild be chartered at once; and being unable,
perhaps, to obtain the service of any other vessel,
he was compelled to contract for this, at what now
is regarded as an extravagant rate. I suppose
that was the case. We have very few steamers
upon the Pacific ocean disengaged. It is very
rarely that you can divert one from the regular
trade. It may be that Captain Dornin, feeling
that there was a pressing immediate necessity,
was induced to take this vessel at the rate fixed
on, §1,500 a day. Now, I shall be perfectly satis-
fied to vote for the amendment in the shape in
which it has been placed, leaving the Secretary of
the Navy to pay the amount, if, in his judgment,
it be right and proper. If there has been any-
thing dishonest in this contract, as a matter of
course the money appropriated will be withheld.
Mr. PRATT. 1 think everybody will admit,
Mr. President, that here has been an exorbitant
expenditure of thcpublic money. I do not intend
to attach blame at all to any naval officer who has
been connected with this matter; but we find that
the Secretary of the Navy bases his justification
for the expenditure of this money upon a resolu-
tion stated by him to have been passed by the
Naval Committee of the Senate. A committee of
this body, Congress being in session, passed a
resolution, either directory or requestive, I do not
know its terms, on the Secretary of the Navy to
charter a steam vessel to do some particular ser-
vice. The Secretary justifies himself for this ex-
penditure by reference to that resolution. He
directed this charter party to be made, if neces-
sary. Predicated upon this resolution of a com-
mittee of the Senate, the steamer was chartered at
$1,500 a day, the Government paying all the ex-
penses of coaling the boat. All this was done in
virtue of a resolution of one of the committees of
this body. I understand, from the reading of the
report of the Department by the honorable Sena-
tor from Louisiana, that this is the ground on
which the Secretary of the Navy bases his action,
and this is^ the ground upon which, I under-
stand, he justifies himself for having ordered
this charter-party to be made. Looking at the
whole matter in this aspect, it is one of great
consequence to the country, and of great con-
sequence to the Senate. If one committee can,
by resolution, direct the expenditure of public
money, or order particular services to be performed
which will render necessary the expenditure of
the public money, every other committee in the
benate can do the same thinsr.
Mr, BENJAMIN. And the Senate was in
session at the time.
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir, the Senate was in ses-
sion. If a public necessity existed for the em-
ploymentof the vessel, the committee, on show-
ing the existence of that public necessity, could
have got through both Houses, in the course of
half an hour, a bill or resolution giving authority
for the employment of the national vessels, or the
Chartering of other vessels, in the absence of na-
tional vessels, to discharge the duty. 1 know -
nothing, of course, of this matter, except what is !i
ueveloped in the papers which have been read; but •!
it appears, from the letter of the Secretary of the
Navy, that during the session of Congiess, by
virtue of a resolution of the Committee on Naval
Affairs of this body, he authorized this chauer
party to be made, provided the naval officer on
that station should deem it necessary. The char-
ter party was accordingly made, by which a ves-
sel, worth less than $100,000, as I understand,
was chartered for seventy days, at an expense of
over #113,600.
Mr. GWTN. It was not necessary for the
Senator from Maryland to attack the Committee
on Naval Affairs. If time would permit, we could
defend ourselves fully from the assault which has
been made upon us. All that was said by the
Committee on Naval Affairs was, that if, in the
opinion of the Secretary of the Navy, the public
interests would be promoted by putting a stop to
those expeditions by chartering a vessel, the com-
mittee would, so far as their action was concerned,
recommend that a proper appropriation be made.
That was the full extent of the action of the Naval
Committee. They never pledged the Senate to
anything. They never pledged the Secretary of
the Navy to anything whatever.
Mr. PRATT. I certainly did not intend to at-
tack the Committee on Naval Affairs, or to charge
them with anything improper; but, sir, we are
looking to thepowers of the Senate arid the powers
of this Government. Whatever may have been
the intention of the committee, certainly the Sec-
retary of the Navy does claim the right to author-
ize this contract upon the resolution of that com-
mittee. I do not desire to attach blame to the hon-
orable Senator from California, or to a'liy of the
members of the Committee on Naval Affairs, be-
cause I presume they only exercised a power which
they supposed they possessed. I want to under-
stand whether any committee possesses such a
power. I wish to ask, for information, how a
committee claim the authority to advise, direct, or
request one of the executive officers of the Gov-
ernment to do what the committee may think
necessary for the public service ?
Mr. JOHNSON. This is a question which has
detained us for some time, and it seems likely to
detain us longer. I would suggest, therefore,
whether it would not be better to let it lie over for
the present. The amount charged in this case is
admitted to be unconscionable. I think it would
be better to let the question lie over until the next
session, and give us a full opportunity to investi-
gate it.
Mr. MALLORY. I cannot permit this matter
to go by without a word of explanation. The hon-
orable Senator from Maryland has assumed that
the Secretary of the Navy authorized the charter-
ing of this vessel, upon the recommendation of the
Committee on Naval Affairs. Thatis notso; and,
therefore, his argument, being based on improper
premises, goes for nothing. Tt was the act of the
President. On inquiry into the circumstances
attending the unlawful expeditions which it was
alleged, were emanating from California, the Presi-
dent authorized the Secretary of the Navy to char-
ter a steamer. The Secretary of the Navy, by
the proper officer, did charter one. It is true the
Secretary, in this communication, speaks of the
Naval Committee of the Senate having passed a
resolution of which I have no recollection; but I
presume it was passed in the ordinary course of
business to be brought before the Senate for action.
The Secretary, in his communication to the chair-
man of the committee, says:
" I send you tile papers explaining fully the facts in re-
gard to cbarteimg the steamer Columbus to aid in suppress-
ing unlawful expeditions upon Mexican territory. You will
recollect that your committee passed a resolution advising
this to be done, and that, on inquiry into the facts, the Pres-
ident concurred with me in authorizing Commander Dor-
nin to employ a steamer, if necessary, and if itcould be done
on reasonable terms."
Now, so far as I have any knowledge of the
circumstances, 1 have no recollection of any such
resolution, but I presume it was one to be brought
before the Senate for action. But the Secretary
says expressly, that the vessel was chartered by
his orders, under the direction of the President.
Mr. PRATT. But he undertakes to justify
his action by reason of the resolution of the com-
mittee to which he refers, in the paper which has
been read by the Senator from Florida.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, as I under-
stand the proposition before the Senate, it is this:
There was an unlawful expedition fitting out in
California fi t- the invasion of Sonora, and the
Government here very properly thought it ought
to be arrested. On examination they found that
there was no national ship which was in a condi-
tion to be sent there, and they thought it wise
and best to send out authority to charter a steamer
for that purpose. This vessel was accordingly
chartered. The proper officer was intrusted with
authority to charter a vessel, and he chartered this
one at $1,500 a day. It is a very large sum, I
admit, but it was a contract—a contract made
under an exigency—and to sustain the wedit of
the country, to sustain the integrity and honor of
the country, and to prevent very disastrous con-
sequences in our foreign relations. It seems to
me, then, that the failure of the Government to
make payment, whether the sum be large orsmall,
would be much to be deplored.
But, in looking at the case, I am sure it will be
seen that this sum, although it is large, is not so
extravagant and so unusual as is supposed. The
vessel was worth $400,000. The charter of her
per day was $1,500. That, though a large com-
pensation, was still not a very extravagant one.
in consideration of the circumstances, for she was
diverted from her regular occupation, took new
hazards, and was diverted from the use of her
owners. The Navy Department, it will be seen
by reference to official documents, has granted
demurrage to as large an amount as $3,500 per
day for steamers upon the Pacific coast. Every-
thing on that coast, we know, is on a grand scale
of expense. I hope it is coming down; but we
cannot bring things down any faster than time
and circumstances will enable us to do. There is
nothing unreasonable, it seems to me, therefore,
in making this allowance, and I do not see that
we can have any more propitious time for the •
settlement of the question.
Mr. STUART. This bill is evidently going to
take a good deal of time in its discussion, and I
move to lay it aside for a few minutes that we
may consider the resolution which I laid on the
table yesterday for the extension of the session.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will let us go
on with this bill. We are ready to vote on this
amendment, and there are but a few more to be
offered.
Mr. STUART. There will be a great many
amendments offered to this bill. If we are to do
anything at this session, and do it with propriety
and understanding, it seems to me that we ought
to extend the session until next Monday. I be-
lieve that to be the opinion of several gentlemen.
I do not know whether it is the opinion of a ma-
jority of both Houses of Congress. For the pur-
pose of taking the sense of the Senate on that sub-
ject, I move to lay this bill aside for a few minutes,
to take up that resolution.
Mr.GWIN. Those few miuutes will be hours.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the purpose of the Senator
from Michigan cannot be accomplished without
unanimous consent, I object.
Mr. GWIN. So do 1.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Walker.)
| In the opinion of the Chair, this bill can be laid
aside by a majority.
i Mr. BENJAMIN. I think the Senator from
! Michigan had better let his resolution lie over until
I this evening. If we were to pass it now,theSen-
I ate would adjourn at five o'clock.
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
opinion tlTat the motion of the Senator from
i Michigan is in order.
Mr. GWIN. When an amendment is pend-
ing? r
( The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir. The
I question is on the motion to postpone the further
' consideration of the bill.
Mr. GWIN. Until what hour?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour has
I not been named.
; Mr. STUART. It is now half past twelve.
| Suppose we postpone the further consideration
i of the bill to one o'clock. I make that motion,
j Mr. GWIN. I hope it will be voted down.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I hope we shall now have the
question on the amendment.
_ Mr. CASS. Allow me to make one sugges-
tion. We have but twenty-four hoursof the ses-
sion remaining, and certainly if we argue every
point before us we cannot get through. Is it not
best to make a brief statement, and let members,
