1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
885
cision of the Chair that an amendment, which will
be read, was not in order.
The amendment was again reported by the Clerk.
Mr. SEWARD. That is the amendment, but
I wish to inquire what the main question is?
The CHAIRMAN. It is the bill which the
committee have under consideration, being Senate
bill (No. 138) to aid the Territory of Minnesota in
constructing a railroad for military, postal, and
other purposes. The question is upon the appeal.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 59, noes 84.
So the appeal was sustained; and the decision of
the Chair overruled.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman fromNorth
Carolina [Mr. Kerr] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. KERR. I have no disposition to detain the
committee with any remarks, i have only this to
say, that if gentlemen have any disposition what-
ever to extend justice to the old States of this Union
they will now have an opportunity of manifesting
it. Gentlemen have told us again and again that
this system of granting alternate sections of land
was beneficial to the whole country, and that it
was not at all partial in its operation. This is the
first opportunity which has presented itself of
testing the question. If, m fact, it be a system by
which alternate sections of lands are doubled in
value, then just satisfy the country of that, and
give to that portion of the country which is not
interested in these local plans of improvement the
benefit of these alternate sections, and we will
have no controversy in Congress about this mat-
ter; but shall have all sections of the country
united in voting to appropriate lands for any such
works as the one we now have before us, and for
other works which are intended to benefit the
country generally.
Mr. DEAN. I am opposed to the amendment
of the gentleman from Noith Carolina, [Mr.
Kerr,] fort he reason that it is a scheme for the
distribution of the proceeds of the public lands,
which has been held by the Democratic party,
and by the country generally, to be a violation of
the Constitution. I am opposed to the bill upon
another ground. The gentleman from North Car-
olina has stated as his ground for offering his
amendment that the old States need something.
The old States of this Confederacy are not here
asking alms from the General Government. They
do not need it. If they cannot support themselves
by their own resources, let them go into bank-
ruptcy. The State of New York asks for noth-
ing of this kind. Nor ought any of the old States
to ask for anything, as a gift, from this Govern-
ment. f was born in one of the old States, and I
expect always to live there, and I sincerely hope
that the day will never come when she shall come
here and ask the General Government that the
proceeds of the public lands shall be divided
among all the States. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, and I hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. WHEELER. I deny that the gentleman
has the right to speak for the State of New York.
I desire to know by what authority my col-
league from the Kinderhook district speaks for the
State of New York ? I am aware that the gen-
tleman has the Administration in his charge, as
well as the interests of the Kinderhook district,
but the State of New York has thirty-two rep-
resentatives besides himself to speak for her.
When she desires the gentleman from Kinderhook
district to speak for her alone she will piobably
notify him of the fact.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish to offer the
following amendment: Strike out the words "over
to those States which have received no grant of
of the public lands for internal improvements,"
and insert in lieu thereof the following:
To all the States respectively for the purposes nf inter-
nal improvements anrtertucation.accordingtotlleirFederal
lepresentation m Congress."
Mr. KERR. I ask that the amendment may
be reported at the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR. The only objection, Mr.
Chairman, I have to the amendment of my friend
from North Carolina is, that it seems to provide
for a somewhat partial distribution of this com-
mon fund of the nation. The amount received
from the sale of these alternate sections of iand
reserved by the Government along the lines of
railroad in Missouri, m Illinois, m Minnesota, in
Wisconsin, or wherever reserved, goes into the
| General Treasury, and should redound to the
benefit of all the States alike, in proportion to
their Federal representation; and, for one, I have
no objection to making it operate for the benefit
of all. It is but carrying out a portion of the creed
of the Whig party of the country, advocated with
so much zeal and ability by the distinguished
statesman from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] several
years since, to distribute the proceeds of the sales
of the public lands among the several States, in
proportion to their Federal representation, for the
great purposes of education and internal improve-
ments, which was partially carried into effect for
the benefit of the country.
Now, sir, if the amendment of my friend from
North Carolina be adopted without modification,
it will provide for partial legislation; it will be di-
viding among a portion of the States of the Union
the common fund of the nation raised by the sales
of these alternate sections, and received into the
general Treasury. I desire, if this fund is to be
distributed among the States, that it shall be dis-
tributed among them all in proportion to their Fed-
eral representation in this Capitol, for the great
purposes of internal improvement and education.
Such policy was in former times advocated by the
Whig party of the country, and I am proud to
have advocated it.
In my opinion, this plan for the equitable dis-
tribution of the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands was one most beneficial in its effects, so far
as it was carried out. It would have been, if fully
carried into effect, one of the most beneficial mea-
sures ever presented for the consideration of the
American people. And as a majority of the rep-
resentatives in Congress saw fit to abandon the
policy, it was no fault of the Whig party of the
country.
The amendment of the gentleman from North
Carolina is good, so far as it goes; but as I have
no desire to doinjustice to any State in the Union,
I would much prefer that it should be so modified
or extended as to embrace all the States in the
policy of distributing the proceeds of the sales of
these alternate sections, and that the proceeds of
those reserved alternate sections should be applied
to promote objects of internal improvement and
education, under the direction of the Legislatures
of the several States.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. TAYLOR. Not now. I am aware that
I am probably calling up old reminiscences in the
mind of the gentleman from North Carolina of
the time when, upon this floor, and upon the
stump, we advocated this policy. I am very free
to admit that I have made many speeches in sup-
port of it. It went partially into effect, and, as I
think, with great benefit to the country. It was
advocated by Mr. Clay with distinguished ability,
and was partially advocated, or at least suggested,
by General Jackson to the country. And I repeat,
that so far as it went into operation, it proved
beneficial to the whole country. I know it did
in the section of country which I have the honor
to represent. If the amendment of my friend from
North Carolina be adopted, I hope it will be in
such a manner as to make the distribution equita-
ble among all portions of the Confederacy.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I like the amendment to
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ohio very well; but there is one portion of it that
does not meet my approbation, and which I think
will probably weaken the proposition. I am per-
fectly willing that this money shall be distributed
among all the States in proportion to their Federal
I representation.
I I object, however, to the limitation that the
proceeds of these lands shall be expended for the
purposes of education and internal improvement.
I have very great doubts about the right of the
General Government to control the States, or to
make use of the States as agents for education or
internal improvement. I have difficulties upon
that point. I have no doubt the donation would
be used for those purposes, and I desire that it
should be used in that way; but I hope that my
friend from Ohio will modify his amendment so as
simply to make this money divisible among all
the States according to their Federal population.
I will vote for it, in that event, but I object to
designating how they shall spend the money. If
any States wish to apply the money to -the pay-
ment of their honest debts, let them do it. My
object is that the Government shall not seem to
control the States in local matters.
My colleague on my left [Mr. Kerr] tells trie
that if the gentleman from Ohio will modify his
amendment in the way I have suggested, he will
accept it. I think this is a much better way to
dispose of the public lands than to vote them away,
as the homestead bill does. I would much rather
see some important public works, that will really
be beneficial to the public, carried out, than to have
the public lands donated away so as to refiuce the
value of the lands to almost nothing, without, I
think, really benefiting the paupers of the country
for whom they are mainly intended, l^rould much
rather that the proceeds of the public lands should
remain in the public Treasury for the support of
the Government, so as to enable us to reduce the
taxes. But if the question arises between the two
policies, I prefer this one—the proceeds of the re-
served alternate sections being divided among the
States—to having the public domain squandered
away by homestead bills to enable gentlemen to
make a little Buncombe here, and perhaps to get
sent back to Congress on the idea that they are
very benevolent with other people's property.
1 hope, therefore, that my friend from Ohio will
consent to the modification I have suggested. I
am willing that the old and the new States shall
come in together as a compromise.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TAYLOR. I have no objection to modify
my amendment, by inserting after the words " in-
ternal improvement," the words " and for such
other purposes as the States may desire."
Mr. CLINGMAN. Oh, no; that will not meet
my views.
Mrv TAYLOR. Then I will let my amend-
ment stand as it is.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for a
division of the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. RICHARDSON. You cannot divideit.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Taylor] to the amendment oft he gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. WASHBURN. The gentleman from Ohio
offers an amendment which contains two propo-
sitions, and I want a division of them.
The CHAIRMAN. What division does the
gentleman desire?
Mr. WASHBURN. The first proposition em-
braces a distribution of the proceeds of these lands
among all the States.
Mr. RICHARDSON. You cannot divide the
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN. That is one distinct prop-
osition, but there ^ is another which limits the
manner in which those proceeds shall be applied
by the States.
Mr. DISNEY. Suppose you vote down the
first proposition, what is left ?
Mr. TAYLOR. It is certainly only one amend-
ment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. And itcannotbedivided.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not un-
derstand what division the gentleman from Maine
proposes. The amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio is to strike out a portion of the amendment
of thegentleman from North Carolina, and to in-
sert certain words. Does the gentleman wish for
a division on striking out?
Mr. WASHBURN. No, sir. I will withdraw
my call for a division of the question.
The CHAIRMAN. The question, then, is on
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. Let it be read.
The Clerk again reported the amendment.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Taylor, and it was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Kerr's
amendment.
Mr. OLDS. I propose to add, as an addition
to the amendment, the following:
To be divided, per capita, among tile inhabitants of said
States.
I am opposed, Mr. Chairman, to the system of
my colleague [Mr. Taylor] to divide the proceeds
of the sales of the public land among the States
for the purpose of internal improvement. If they
are to be divided among the States at all, they
should be divided among the people, the inhabit-
ants. 1 hold that every man, or one man as much-
