2154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
yard. My opinion is, that we ought never to
have established a navy-yard there. We have no
use for one a« that point. If dilapidation has begun
already, I think we had better stop it at once. I
will not consume the ume of the Senate on this
question.
M>\ JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President,
the Senator from Maryland undertakes to adjudi-
cate this question, I think, without any Yacis
being before him. He says a navy-yard ought
never to have been established at Memphis. Weil,
sir, the Congress of the United States thought
differently. That is a mere difference of opinion
between the Congress of the United Stales and
the Senator from Maryland;and 1 should hesitate
long to lake the options of any one Senator as
against the combined action of the American Con-
gress. But, sir, that is not all. At the lastses
sion of Congress, the Naval Committee sent io
you one of the strongest reports i ever re&d,in
favor of the continuation of this yard as a navy-
yaid under the government of the United States.
The Senator says, however, that it ought to be
abolished. That is his opinion; but I entertain
a very different view, i undertake to say, that
vessels can be built there cheaper than at any
other navy-yard in the United States, and of as
good material as any to be*found in the United
Slates. I will not set up my judgment against
that of the Senator from Mary land, but I speak
the opinion of every commandant who has been
at the navy-yard from its oiganization to the
present day. I have before me a report of the
present commandant of that yard, in which he
presents to the Department the expenditure ne-
cessary to carry out that work, amounting to
$700,000, and he has a high opinion of its import-
ance^
The Senator says that it had better be abolished.
I would ask that Senator if he can abolish it with-
out a violation of the faith, the honor, and the in-
tegrity of this nation. The State of Tennessee
and ihe city of Memnhis gave to the Government
of the United States a large plat of land, worth
now about $500,000, expressly upon ihe condi-
tion that the Government should establish a navy-
yard there. Now, before Congress attempt to
abolish it, 1 wish them to go back, and retrocede to
us the land which they have taken. I would much
prefer that they should do that, rather than go on
with the mere pretenseof keeping up a navy-yard
by appropriating $13,000 a year. That is not
enough to keep up the embankments which are put
there trom one year to another. Your commandant
there, one of your own officers, having charge of
the yard, sends his estimates, and tells you that
it will take §700,000 to carry out the contract
which the Government has made with the people
of Tennessee to establish a n«vy yard there.
The Department reduced it to $65 000; the House
of Representatives reduced it to $J3,000; and now
the Senator from Maryland wants to strike it out
altogether. Of the latter two propositions, I think
that of the Senator from Maryland is the best,
you had better strike out the wh"le appropriation
rathei than give only (13,000, for it will be that
much money thrown awuy; hut if you mean to
carry out the obligations of the Government in
good faith, make an appropriation adequate to
carry out the woik.
It is said that this navy-yard is seven hundred
miles from the sea. What difference does that
make if you,have as good transportation from
Memphis to the ocean as from Baltimore to the
ocean? Does it follow that you must be on suit
water to enjoy any of the benefits or patronage of
this Government ? That seems to be the doctrine
of some gentlemen here, hut I do not subscribe to
it. I can tell the honorable Senator from Mary-
land, that, during eight mojiths of the year, a
vessel which can go out from the port of New
Orleans can go out from the port of Memphis.
The shallowest point is at the mouth of the river,
which one of tne appropriations in the river and
harbor bill is for the purpose of deepening. "During
eight months* of the year, whenever you can go
out from New Orleans, you can go from Memphis.
I know, sir, this is no time to debate the ques-
tion. It is reserved until the last hours of the
session, and then we are sailed upon to surrender
the rights of our constituents, or we are charged
with consuming the public time, and delaying the
appropriation bills. That is not my fault. W hat-
ever charges may be made, 1 must protest against
| such an appropriation as is here proposed of only
j $13,000 tor such a purpose. If you intend to
: cany our, in good faith, the object in which you
' have engaged, a much larger sum is necessary.
You have at tins point some of the finest machin-
ery in the Union, whtth has cost the Government
$110,000. I'nat machinery stands still, and )?our
$13,UU0 will hardly Keep u in repair. For what
purpose did you buy it? For what purpose did
you put % there, unless you meant to operate it.
You seem to have been diverted from the original
purpose of establishing a navy-yard at Memphis,
and have converted it into a rope-walk. You
have built your houses, put your machinery in the
houses, and there ihe machinery s'arids, and you
do not give money enough to buy hemp to carry
it on. That may be carrying out the good faith
of the Government, but I do not so understand it.
Mr. ATCHIriON. Mr. Pieaident, I was a
part arid parcel of this Memphis rmvy-yard trans-
ttition, us well as my friend from Maryland.
We were here at the time it was proposed by a
Senator from Tennessee, who was then a candi-
date for Governor of that State.
Mr. BELL. Do you mean me?
Mr. ATCHISON. No, sir, you were not in
the Senate at the time. The question was asked
of the Senator to whom I refer, lor what purpose
will you establish a navy-yard at Memphis? is
it for the purpose of building vest-els of war? Is
it for the purpose of building mercantile vessels?
Is it for the pui pose of repairing vessels, and if so
how are you to get those vess«-ls to the Gulf of
Mexico after you build ihem ai Memphis, when
for a large portion of the year y< u h.tve not over
seven or nine feet of water? The response was
made, (and triumphantly, because we all voted for
i ,) that vessels were to be brought from the Gulf
of Mexico, to berepatred, to Memphis, t-even hun-
dred or one thousand miles from the gulf. They
were to be biought by cnmek. My friend from
Maryland will lemembei it well.
M«. PEARCE Yes, sir
Mr. A i'CllibON. And, sir, when the ques-
tion was asked what kind of camels they were,
the Asiatic or Armenian camel, the camel with one
or two humps, it was said that these camels are
iron or wooden boxes to be exhausted and placed
on each side of the vessel, and the vessel is to be
lightened by those camels, and then in that man-
ner brought up from the Gulf of Mexico to Mem-
phis. [Laughter.] Yes, sir, every word of this
is true. Th«t was the argument. Now, 1 wish
to ask the Senator from Tennessee, whether a
vessel was ever built at the Memphis navy-yard,
and whether a vessel was ever lepaired at that
navy-yard ?
Mr. JONES,"of Tennessee. I will answer the
Senator with a great deal of pleasure. There never
has been a vessel built there, because the,yard has
never been completed. It is impossible that we
can build a vessel when you will not permit us to
finish the yard. We have got the rope-walk, but
you will not even let us woik thut.
Mr. ATCHISON. Well, sir, why has not the
yard been finished ? it has been some eight or ten
yeais since the original lull for the establishment
of that navy-yard was passed; and why has it not
been finished? The reason is, that it has been
found to be impracticable. So soon as the excite-
ment under which the bill got through both Houses
of Congress, passed away, it was found to be an
act of folly tin the part of the Government to estab
lish a navy-yard at Memphis, or at any other poin
away from the sea coast. Then it was argued that
we might well establish a rope-walk at Memphis.
There was some'hing in that. I admit it, and I
am willing to make the necessary appropriation
for the establishment of a place there to make
rope—to make sails, if you please.
Mr. BELL. I wish to know if the honorable
Senator from Missouri, and the honorable Senator
from Maryland, supported the original proposi-
tion ?
Mr. PEARCE. I always opposed it.
Mr. ATCHISON. I believe i voted for it; but
i will explain that matter.
Mr. BELL. And yet the Senator from Mis-
souri, a western man, denounces it now.
Mr. ATCHISON. I will explain that, as the
Senator requires an explanation. There were two
gentlemen from Tennessee at that time—one a
member of the Senate and the other a member of
the House of Representatives—the one a Whig
and the other a Democrat—-candidates for Gover-
nor of Tennessee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Who were they?
Mr. ATCHISON. Brown and Foster. They
wete candidates for Governor of the State of Ten-
nessee. One would say to his Whig friends, " If
you will give me this appi«bpriation for a navy-
yard at Memphis, I think ! can triumphantly
carry the State." [Laughter] Theoiher would
go to his Democratic friends and tell them, " Un-
less you give me the navy-yard at Memphis I
shall certainly be defeated." [Renewed laugh-
ter.] Under this state of things, what could either
Whig or Democrat do? We were under a kind
of duress. We were bound to vote this appropri-
ation in both Houses. But, Mr. President, it
seems to me that the proposition made by the
Senator from Maryland is the only true one: to
strike out the appropriation and cede the lands and
works to the State of Tennessee.
Mr. G WIN. 1 hope we shall have a vote on
the amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My friend from
California must pardon me if I detain the Senate
for a few moments. He will very well see that I
cannot do less. If the honorable Senator from
Missouri lent himself to that sort of political bar-
gain and intrigue between Foster and Brown, and
suffered himself and the Government to be mulcted
in this way, I have no fault to find with him, but
the facts remain the same. Whatever Mr. Foster
and Mr. Brown may have said to their party
friends to induce them to vote for the original ap-
propriation, i will not permit myself to believe for
a single moment that the honorable Senator from
Missouri lent himself to vote money simply to
subserve the purposes of either of those gentlemen
as candidates for office in Tennessee. 1 will not
allow myself to think that.
But when we go back to the facts, they stand as
I have stated them, and it is simply a question
whether this Government will carry out this work
or abandon it. [ say to you, in all frankness, you
had better abandon it than go on as you have done,
and unless you mean to carry out, in good faith,
the contract you have made, you had better cede
the lands to us at once. The Senator from Mis-
souri says he is willing to vote for a rope-walk
there. He voted for the original proposition fora
navy-yard. He complains that no boats have
been built there, and yet he refuses to give us the
means of building vessels, and after the Govern-
ment has converted it into a rope-walk, and has
the machinery, and houses, and everything neces-
sary except the money to buy thehemp, he stands
still and will not even vote that. His consistency,
I think, is a very strange thing. I hope he will
remember his own vote, and for the sake of
Brown and Foster will carry out this project, and
at least permit us to have a rope-walk, if he will
not allow us to build vessels.
Mr. STUART called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment; and they were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs'. Bell, Benjamin, Dawson, Foot, Geyer,
J a Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Mor-
ton, Rusk. Seward, Thomson of New Jersey. Wade, and
Weller—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Bayard, Bright, Brown,
Butler, Cass. Chase, Clay, Dodge of Wisconsin, J)odge of
Iowa, Evans, Fes-senderi, Gillette, Houston, Hunter,
P&tive, Pratt, Rockwell, Stuart, Sumner, Thompson of
Kentucky, Toombs, and Walker—24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MALLORY. T am directed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to offer the following
amendment:
Sec. —. Jiixd be it further enacted, That the President
ot tlte United Slates, within thirty days from the passage
hereof, shall assemble a naval board, to consist of three
cnpiains, two commander*, and two lieutenants, which
board shall investigate the conduct, the character, and
standing of all the officers of the grades of captains, com-
manders, lieutenants, passed midshipmen, and officers in
I tlie line of promotion ; and shall ascertain and report to the
Seci etary of the Navy, under such rules and regulations as
he may prescribe, eveiy officer of said grades that said
board <ha!f deem incompetent or disqualified to discharge
promptly his whole duty, ashore and afloat. And in every
ca*e the paid board shall report in two separate classes
such officers as the interests of the service require should
be di«niis<edj and such as should be placed out of the line
of promotion, with its reasons for the same: Provided,
That upon .-aid board, officers shall not investigate, vote,
, or report on officers of a senior grade. Immediately upon
| the return of the reports of the boaid to the Secretary of Ihe
Navy, he shall, so far as the President shall appiove the
sauiH, cause those officers who may be reported for dis-
missal to ife dismissed the service, wit!) six months' sea-
