1-854.
THE ^CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
tWJ
So the amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Kerr's amend-
ment.
Mr. ENGLISH. I offer the following as an
amendment to the amendment:
But no portion of the proceeds of such reserved sections
shall be distributed to any Stale which has heretofore had
the benefit of appropriations of money out of the United
States Treasury tor the improvement of rivers or harliors,
or the support of light-houses, or other Government im-
provements, within or on the borders of said State.
All I have to say in support of this amendment
is, that if accounts are to be opened by the Gen-
eral Government with the States of this Union, I
want those States which have been benefited by
appropriations of money to be charged with the
amount. Why should not the States benefited
by appropriations of money be excluded as well
as those in whose favor grants of land have been
made? The amendment of the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Kerr.] I consider makes an
unjust discrimination between the States. It ex-
cludes Indiana, and most of the western States,
from enjoying any portion of the proceeds of these
reserved sections, giving the entire proceeds to the
old States, where millions are annually appropri-
ated from the United States Treasury to support
light-houses, improve harbors, &c. If any such
proposition is to pass, I want the books posted,
and the balance struck to each State. Let us have
justice and equality.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman talks about
opening up accounts among the States. Why, the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands [Mr.
Disney] announced the other day that accounts
were already opened, and that among all these
new States the accounts were to be balanced by
giving to those that had not already received as
much enough to make them equal with the State
of Illinois. Now, whenever it is proposed here to
do anything calculated to equalize the use of these
public lands gentlemen talk about opening up ac-
counts; but when a question comes up between two
of these land States with regard to their internal
improvement schemes, and it is openly avowed on
this floor that accounts have been opened and that
they have even determined on the manner of bal-
ancing those accounts, why it is passed by with-
out a word from any of these gentlemen who are
after the lands.
The question was then taken on Mr. En-
glish's amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from North Carolina
by striking out all after the word "sales," and
inserting m lieu thereof the words:
—of the public lands shall be distributed among the States
respectively, according to then Federal representation.
So as to make it read:
"Fiovided, however, That tile money received from the
sales of the public lands shall be distributed anions the
States respectively, according to their Federal representa-
tion."
Several Members. That is the same thing.
Mr. TAYLOR. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina only refers, as I un-
derstand it, to the alternate sections of the public
lands reserved along the lines of the railroads to
which grants are made, and the amendments pro-
posed by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Matteson] and myself only looked to those re-
served sections.
Now, it seems to me that when we are legisla-
ting on a matter of so much importance as this,
weought to extend this principle to the whole of
the public lands, and do justice to the old States.
I wish to do the old States of this Union ample
justice, and if you carry out this great principle
of a distribution of the proceeds of the public
lanils among the States tn proportion to their Fed-
eral numbers, you will do most exact justice to
those States; and if that had been done long since
they would have no reason now to complain of
any injustice at our hands. I do not think it
would be fair to pay over the proceeds of the re-
served sections along all these lines of railroad to
such States only as have heretofore received no
grants for internal improvements. Where would
you draw the line?
In looking over the distribution of the lands
donated to the various land States, under the name
of swamp lands, I find that the State which I have
the honor m part to represent received the small
quantity of twenty-five thousand acres, which,
after paying for the reclamation of the swamp lands
withm its limits, have now become the most valu-
able of the land there; whereas, Louisiana, Illi-
nois, Missouri, and Michigan have received some
four, five, six, or even nine millions of acres.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman allow
me to state how that was ?
Mr. TAYLOR. I cannot yield to the gentleman;
my time is so limited. I propose to carry out the
principle which I advocated two years ago. I wish
to propose it in a plain, frank, and manly %vay,
and say to the States of the Union: after we have
made donations for military services—after we
have given the States certain lands under the opera-
tion of the swamp land act—after we have made
grants for certain lines of railroads—that the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands may be dis-
tributed among the States of thisUnion equitably,
and in proportion to their Federal representation.
Is not that fair? Is it not honest? Is it not the
most equitable distribution of the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands that can be devised? If
not, I should be glad to be informed how you
could make -a better distribution ? I wish to do
justice to the old States; and I wish I had time now
to express my opinion of the bill introduced by
the honorable gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Bennett,] at the last Congress, and which passed
this body. It is one of the most important, and
equitable, and grand schemes ever presented to the
country. It was lost no doubt in the Senate for
want of time.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am opposed to the
amendment as well as the original proposition. I
do not desire to consume time in its discussion.
It is importantthat weshould actupon this matter
in one way or the other. I am disposed to urge
the committee to a vote.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Permit me
to say that the Delegate from Minnesota [Mr.
Rice] is here. There are other measures of vast
importance to that Territory before the committee;
and, unless we pass this bill to-night, he will not
have an opportunity to bring them to our consider-
ation.
[Cries of" Order!"]
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. COBB. If the committee had been dis-
posed to strike out the words " internal improve-
ments," I should not have offered my amendment.
If gentlemen are in good earnest I want them to
act fairly. I move the following as addition.
" Provided further, That the provisions of this section
shall be so construed as not to embrace Alabama as one ol'
the States leceiving grants for internal improvements.
Mr. Chairman, if the committee intend to pass
the amendment of the gentleman from North Car-
olina I desire to have that exception made. Ala-
bama, it is true, asks something, as appears by
the various bills she has presented to this body;
but she has not yet obtained it. And suppose
the amendment of the gentleman passes, does he
pretend to exclude Alabama from a fair partici-
pation in the proceeds of the sales of the reserved
sections ?
Mr. DENT. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Alabama a simple question. Did not the
State of Alabama receive five or six hundred thou-
sand acres of public lands under a grant to her?
Mr. COBB. I shall answer, before I conclude,
the inquiry of the gentleman from Georgia. The
State of Alabama did receive, when she was ad-
mitted into the Union, five hundred thousand
acres of public lands. But for what purpose >
For the purpose of internal improvement. What
did she do with these five hundred thousand acres
of land? Did she apply it exclusively to promote
the interests of the State of Alabama? Or did
she expend four hundred thousand out of the
frant in improving the Muscle Shoals on the
'ennessee river, where five, six, or seven States
were directly interested in the improvement? The
State of Alabama thus disposed of the land which
she received. True, she has received a little land
on the line of the Moble and Ohio railroad. But
how much? is the question. She received two
hundred and nineteen thousand acres. Are you,
then, in earnest about this amendment' Will
you say that the State of Alabama shall be ex-
cluded, because she has received this small pit-
tance of land ? If so, go on with the deed of
injustice which has been perpetrated on that State
since the distribution of the public lands tes been
commenced.
Sir, we have been knocking at the door of Con-
gress. We have now the second railroad bill that
was ever offered in the Congress of the United
States, and which is now pending in the House.
Has she been heard in response to her demand or
her application ? She has not. And if you are
determined to refuse her the grants which she is
now asking, I ask you at least to do justice to the
State of Alabama, and put my amendment—de-
signed to protect her interests—on the same foot-
ing with the General Government on which you
propose to put your own beloved and always
protected States.
Mr. HAMILTON. I know the gentleman
from Alabama is not in earnest.
Mr. COBB. I am in earnest.
Mr. HAMILTON. The gentleman never de-
sires to exclude the State of Alabama from the par-
ticipation in any appropriation.
The question was taken on the amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from Alabama; and it was
not agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment of-
fered by thegentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Kerr,] tellers were demanded, and ordered, and
Messrs. Wright and Richardson were appoint-
ed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 87, noes 61.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the end of the
third section:
And said railroad shall carry and transport free from toll,
or other charge, any property or troops of the United States
at any time when required so to do.
The third section provides that this road shall
remain a public highway for the use of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, free from toll or
charge. Now, for all practical purposes that right
is useless to the Government. To carry out what
I suppose to be one of the inducements held out
for the purpose of securing the passage of this bill,
I propose the amendment which I have offered.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the amendment; and it was decided in the
affirmative.
No further amendments being offered to the
third section, the Clerk proceeded to read the
fourth section, as follows: h
<• Jind be it further enacted, That the lands hereby
granted to said Teiritory shall be disposed of by said Ter-
ritory only m manner following, that is to say: that a quan-
tity of land not exceeding one hundred and twenty sec-
tion*, dud included within a continuous length of twenty
mile* of'•Aid load may be sold ; and when the Governor of
said Territory shall certify to the Secretary of the Interior
that any continuous twenty miles of safd road is completed,
then another like quantity of land hereby granted maybe
fold; and so from time to time until said road is completed;
and if said road is not completed within ten years, no fur-
ther sales shall be nmde, and the land unsold shall revert to
the United States."
Mr. ORR. I desire to offer the following as a
substitute for the fourth section of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to offer
an amendment.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman from Maine will
listen to the reading of the amendment 1 offer, I
think he will find that it embraces the object which
he has in view.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
~1nd be it further enacted, That tile lands hereby
granted to said Territory shall be disposed ot' only in man-
ner following, that is to say, no title shall vest in the said
Terntory ot Minnesota, nor shall any patent issue for any
part of tile lands herein befoie-mentioned, until a eontinu-
ou* length of twenty mile11! of said road shall be completed
through the lands hereby granted, and when tlie Secretary
of the Interior shall be satisfied that any twenty continuous
miles of &aid road are completed, then a patent shall issue
for a onantuyofland not exceeding one hundred and twenty
sections, included withm a continuous length of twenty
miles ol said road, and from time to time patents shall be
issued m lilcje manner upon the completion of each addi-
tional twenty miles of said road until it shall be completed,
when patents shall issue for the remaining land-not already
comeved; and if said road is not completed within ten
years 'no further sales shall be made, and the lands so re-
maining shall 1 evert to the United States.
Mr. WASHBURN. The amendment of the
gentleman embraces a portion of my amendment,
but not the whole of it. 1 desire, therefore, to
have the amendment which I hold m my hands
considered by the committee before the substitute
is adopted. 1 wish to offer it as an additional sec-
tion, to come in after the fourth section.
