THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MAY 25, 1854.
New Series No. 82.
offices. Why, sir, is it not for the same thing
that we hear so much complaint in this House in
reference to those who superintend the construc-
tion of the wings of our Capitol? Is not the com-
plaint being continually made, that men who are
receiving regular pay as Army officers, are allowed
to be employed in the construction of civil works,
and receive the compensation of civil officers in
addition ? It has been urged that it is wrong that
the practice should be allowed; and I think it is
wrong; but I think this case is included in the
same category.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Greenhow was
a lawyer.
Mr. BARRY. That makes the case all the
stronger.
Mr. SMITH. The military officers to whom
you refer do not perform the duties of both the
offices for which they receive compensation.
Mr. BARRY. That does not necessarily fol-
low. An officer maybe stationed at a garrison
with all the duties of a military officer to perform.
He may, nevertheless, accept the office of superin-
tending the construction of some buildingor work,
and attend to his duties as such, and then at night
repair to the garrison, drill his men, and go
through all the duties required of him as a military
officer. He may perform faithfully the duties of
both offices, and yet, because he receives the pay
of the two offices, we hear all this complaint. I
do not understand that this assistant few agent
was appointed because there was a sufficient
amount of business to employ two officers. But
it was necessary, in order that the business should
progress, that one should always be present, and
to provide against any accident, two were ap-
pointed. This is my understanding of the reason
of this appointment, and not with the understand-
ing that one should receive the pay of both when
only one was present.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will state to the gentle-
man, that the assistant law agent was appointed
because the duties of the office were too onerous
to be performed by one person.
Mr. BARRY. I take it for granted that they
could be performed by one person, because they
have been discharged properly, as I understand,
by Mr. Greenhow. I understand that he has
discharged those duties well, and that justice has
been done to the Government in every respect.
Thegentleman saysthat Mr. Greenhowdied while
there. Well, sir, there have been many persons
who have gone to California to seek for gold and
have found a grave. But because he went to Cal-
ifornia, and died there, you propose to grant a
pension. Sir, if you undertake to grant pensions
for all who have gone there, and have there found
their graves, I will venture to say you will find
your pension list full to overflowing, involving an
expense beyond anything you have yet provided
for.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to refer the
gentleman to the office of the Attorney General,
for instance. He receives a salary from the Gov-
ernment, and yet does private business as a law-
yer.
Mr. BARRY. I take it for granted that he
does not devote time to private business which a
proper attention to public business requires. In
this case the agent is appointed to discharge the
duties of his office. He is paid for discharging
those duties, whatever they may be; and if they
require him to devote his whole time, he has noth-
ing; to complain of.
The question was taken upon Mr. McDou-
gall's amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 do not wish to propose an
amendment, if the committee will permit me to
have a section of the law read.
Several Members. Read it.
Mr. HAVEN. There is one section on page
370, vol. 9, of the United States Statutes, which
is as follows:
"That no clerk or other officer shall receive the salary
of any Secretary or head of bureau for acting or having
acted in his place or office, while said Secretary or head «f
bureau receives such salary."
82
Then there is another proviso to a section on
page 542 of the same volume, which is as follows:
" Provided, however^ That hereafter the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury, or other officers of the United
States, shall in no case allow to one individual the salaries
of two different officers on account of having performed
the duties thereof at the same time. But this prohibition
shall not extend to the Executive buildings."
I do not desire to make any remarks upon the
subject; but as so much has been said in relation
to officers receiving double pay for performing
the duties of two offices, I have read these sections
of the law for the purpose of settling some of
these matters.
The question was taken on Mr. Latham's
amendment; and it was decided in the affirmative.
The question was then put on the Senate
amendment, as amended.
Mr. MEACHAM. I demand a division.
Mr. PHELPS. I would appeal to the gentle-
man to withdraw his call for a division; for if it
be persisted in, it may break up the committee.
When we get to the House we can have the ques-
tion fully decided, and by the yeas and nays, if
gentlemen desire.
[Cries of " Division ! "]
Mr. MEACHAM. I desire to see the question
settled.
The question was again put; and there were—
ayes forty-two 
Mr. ORR. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Taylor, of
Tennessee, and Peckham were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 48, noes 42; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will call the
roll.
The roll was accordingly called, and one hun-
dred and thirty-four members answered to their
names.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the deficiency bill and
the amendments of the Senate thereto, and find-
ing itself without a quorum, had caused the roil
to be called, and the names of the absentees to be
noted, and had directed him to report the same to
the House.
A quorum being now present, the committee re-
sumed its session.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
found itself without a quorum, we were dividing
upon the amendment of the Senate, as amended;
upon which tellers had bt-en ordered.
The tellers resumed their places; and the ques-
tion being again put, the reported—ayes forty,
noes not counted.
The CHAIRMAN. A majority of a quorum
not voting, the amendment is rejected.
The forty-second amendment of the Senate was
then read, as follows:
And the marshals of the northern and southern districts
of California tehall have the same mileage and compensa-
tion for serving proce->sp«i i%iiing from *«aid commission as
are allowed to the sheriffs for serving similar processes by
the higher com ts of California; and the same mileage and
per diem shall be made to witnesses as are allowed to wit-
nesses by the State of California.
Mr. WALSH.. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman from
New York will withdraw that motion.
Mr. WALSH. I will not withdraw the mo-
tion. There has evidently been a drumming up
here to get members enough to make a quorum
on the last vote. There are provisions in the bill
which ought not to pass without a full vote.
The question was then taken; and a division
being had, there were—ayes 37, noes 64; no quo-
rum voting.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask that the roll be
called.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. I call for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Does it re-
quire a quorum to rise?
Tj^ CHAIRMAN. Itisnot necessary to have
a quorum to rise, but theremust beamajority of a
quorum to rise.
Messrs. Wheeler and Robbins were ap-
pointed tellers.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 34, noes 67.
After the tellers had reported, several other votes
were given on both sides, about which there was
some disagreement.
Mr. WHEELER. Call the roll.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. ROBBINS. Mr. Chairman, I think it is
better to have a recount.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the tellers will take the count again.
Mr. WALSH. I obiect.
Mr. WHEELER. *rhe tellers have already
reported once.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee have a
right to have a recount.
The tellers resumed their places; and the ques-
tion being again put, the tellers reported—ayes
36, noes 70; no quorum voting.
[Cries of "Call the roll!" "Call the roll!"!
Mr. WRIGHT. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion cannot be
made, as the committee has found itself without a
quorum.
Mr, EDMANDS. I would like to inquire of
the Chair, whether a quorum is necessary to en-
able the committee to rise?
The CHAIRMAN. A quorum is not neces-
sary for that purpose, but a majority of those
present is necessary. The rules are imperative
that the committee, finding itself without a quo-
rum, shall cause the roll to be called.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will it be in order to move
that the committee take a recess ?
The CHAIRMAN. No motion is in order.
Mr. PECKHAM. The committee can rise by
unanimous'consent.
[Cries of " Call the roll!"]
The roll was then called, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman of the committee
[Mr. Chandler] reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and especially the Senate amendments
to the deficiency bill, and finding itself without a
quorum,'had ordered the roll of the committee to
be called, and had directed him to report the facta
to the House, together with the names of the ab-
sentees.
The following are the names of the absentees:
Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Appleton,
Ashe, Ball, ttarksdale, Bennett, Benson, Benton, Biasell,
Bliss. Bocock, Bridges, Brooks, Bug®, Campbell, Carpen-
ter, Caskie, Chamberlain, Chase. Chrisman, Churchwell,
Clark, Clingman, Colquitt, Cook, Corwin, Cox, Craige,
Crocker, Cullom, Curtis, John G. Davis, Dent, De Witt,
Dick, Dickinson, Disney, Dowdell, Dunham, Eastman,
John M. Elliott, English, Ewing, Faulkner, Fenton, Frank-
lin, Goode. Greenwood, Grey, Grow, Andrew J. Harlan,
Wiley P. Harris, Hendricks, Hiester, Hillyer, Howe, Hunt,
Ingersoll, Kent, Kerr, Kittredge, Lamb, Lane, Lindley,
Macdortald, McMulIin, McNair, McQueen, Mace, Macy,
May, MayaH, Murray, Noble, Andrew Oliver, Packer,
Parker, Phillips,Preston, Ready, Reese, Richardson, Thos.
Ritchey, Seward, Shannon, Simmons, Gernt Smith, Sol-
ars, Alexander II. Stephens, Hestor L. Stevens, Tweed,
Warren, Israel Washburn, John Wentworth, Westbrook,
Daniel B. Wright, and Yates.
The SPEAKER. One hundred and thirty-three
members (more than a quorum) having answered
to their names, the Chairman will resume the
chair.
The committee accordingly resumed its session.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. That was the last motion
made in committee before it rose.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And a majority
voted against it.
Mr. PHELPS, i believe the question is upon
the forty-second amendment. I have but a word
