M56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 8,
phis. Now they come with a proposition for us
to make a deep basin for their dock. At Phila-
delphia they ask for an appropriation of $15,000
or $30,000 a year to dredge in front of this new
plan of dock, and the very first freshet that comes
the river fills up again.
These contractors have received over three mil-
lions of dollars for docks, basins, and railways
on the Atlantic coast, and now a competent board
of officers have reported to the Navy Department,
what I asserted two years ago before the Senate,
that these contractors, instead of putting up proper
docks, were placing nuisances at the navy-yards
throughout the country. For these reasons, I
make the motion to strikeout. I do not,how-
ever, wish to detaiii the Senate. If it were a
small sum, I should not have said a word.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, the honor-
able Senator from Pennsylvania has made him-
self conspicuous, and I am gratified that he has,
on all occasions, in reference to these docks. He
has been instrumental in bringing to the notice of
the Senate certain abuses in their construction,
for which I think the Senate and the country are
indebted to him. We were all indebted to him at
the last session of Congress for much valuable
information in regard to these abuses. I may
say, however, that they are connected with the
character of the contracts rather than the charac-
ter of the work to be executed. In relation to
this particular amendment, I will say that the
Committee on Naval Affairs has refused its appro-
bation to an appropriation of $20,000 to be ex-
pended upon this deep basin.
The dock at Pensacola is the ordinary dock
now used at the harbors of Charleston, Savannah,
Mobile, and other places. It is useless at Pensa-
cola, unless you have a basin or some secure
place in which you can put the dock after you
have a ship in it. The dock, I may say, is a
large scow, which being sunk underneath a ves-
sel, and then exhausted of its water, raises the
vessel up, and in that position the vessel can be
repaired, provided the dock remains stationary.
To keep it in that place, you must have a basin
or pier to secure it. It is for such a basin that
this appropriation is proposed to be made.
Under the contract for constructing the dock at
Pensacola, the Secretary of the Navy was bound
to furnish a ship to make the experiment. He
sent a frigate, and the experiment was .unsuccess-
ful. The dock raised the frigate very well, but
could not float it into the basin because the ship,
being a frigate, instead of a Une-of-battle-ship,
was too short, and the main weight came in the
middle, and thus gave the dock a curved form,
and made it draw more water in the middle than
at the ends, and added some twelve inches to its
draft. The work, therefore, was not received by
the board of examiners, and, according to the con-
tract, no money could be paid until it was received.
In defiance of what I think was justice and cor-
rectness in the transaction of public affairs, how-
ever, the whole contract price, $993,000, nearly a
million of dollars, was actually paid to the con-
tractors, notwithstanding the basin would not re-
ceive ^ie dock and vessel in it. The only thing
for the Secretary of the Navy to do is to bring
suit upon the bonds, but I leave it for the Senate
to say what chances there are for enforcing pay-
ment. If they knew as much about the bonds as
those who examined the work, they would say
the Secretary ought to use every means to make
the dock available, before resorting to suit.
Mr. TOOMBS. Has not the Secretary, under
the discretionary authority to build a dock of the
same kind in San Francisco, made a contract with
the same people against whose dock this commis-
sion reported?
Mr. GWIN. X will answer that question pres-
ently. I am in favor of these docks, and I will
speak on the other side.
Mr. MALLORY. Now, sir, this dock and
basin at Pensacola are at present entirely useless,
after you have spent $1,000,000 on them; but by
making this deep basm in front of the dock you
will make it available. The contractors have the
money, and there is no question as to whether
you shall pay the money; for it is already in their
pockets. Now, having this dock on our hands,
it is important to have it available. In that view,
I think it advisable, under all the circumstances,
to make the appropriation which the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania proposes to strike out.
I agree with the Senator from Pennsylvania as to
the manner in which the contracts have been
made and the money paid; but I do not agree with
him in the position that the dock itself, when com-
pleted, will be useless, because, if we have a basin
deep enough, we have the experience of Savannah
and Charleston, and other places where vessels
are being docked every day, to show its practica-
bility. Unless you are disposed to undo what you
have done, to throw away this public money at
the Pensacola navy-yard, the only navy-yard on
the Gulf, it is wisdom to make the appropriation.
I will say, further, that I find among the papers
submitted to us here, a very long memorial, nur
merously signed by the inhabitants of Warring-
ton, who live where tlie dock is, testifying to its
usefulness. Of that I know nothing, but I feel
bound to mention the fact. I should not advocate
this appropriation if 1 did not think it essential to
carrying on the public service.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I should like to ask my
friend from Florida what, in his opinion, is the
annual depreciation in value of this dock?
Mr. MALLORY. The dock is coppered to
high-water mark. It depends, as a matter of
course, on the character of the copper. If it be
twenty-eight ounce copper, it will last for seven
years. These docks are very faulty in one re-
spect: you cannot get at the bottom so readily as in
the sectional dock. So long as the copper lasts,
no worms can reach the dock. If it were twenty-
eight ounce copper, it would last for seven years;
but if it were only eighteen ounce copper, it
would not last so long.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I shall vote
for the amendment proposed by the Senator from
fennsylvania, although the appropriation is for
work within the borders of my State, and within
my own immediate vicinity. I look upon the
establishment of this deep basin as perfectly un-
necessary and worthless to the Government. The
board of commissioners appointed fo make a test
of the dock and basin built by the contractors,
reported that outside the dock-basin in the Bay of
Pensacola there was sufficient water to float any
vessel whiqh could pass the bar of Pensacola.
There are some twenty-four or twenty-six feet of
water there. I would ask, then, where is the
necessity of having what is called a deep basin
there? I am opposed to it.
The dock-basin there is not now the property of
the Government. It made a contract with the
contractors to construct a basin for this dock, and
appointed a board of commissioners to inspect the
work, and see whether that dock had been com-
pleted according to contract. The board of com-
missioners reported to the Government that the
dock was not completed according to the contract,
j and they refused to receive it. Then, if you make
j an appropriation for raising the walls of the dock-
; basin, it will be a taking possession of it by the
Government, and will place us in a false position
before the country if we should bring suit against
the contractors for non-compliance with their con-
tract. An effort was made, by application to the
Navy Department, to expend $3,000 or $4,000 for
the painting of this basin; but the Secretary of the
Navy had too much astuteness to do this: because,
by taking possession of the dock, or basin, for the
purpose of painting, would be construed by the
contractors, and perhaps by the courts of the coun-
; try, as a receival by the Government. The Gov-
ernment has nothing to do with that basin. It is
now in the possession of the contractors. It has
never been turned over to the Government. The
! Government has refused to receive it. Should
I we, then, make an appropriation to faise the walls
! of the basin? If we take possession of it, for the
I purpose of raising the walls, it may be construed
, by the courts as a taking possession of the dock.
II look upon the dock and basin as a nuisance to
[ the Pensacola navy-yard, and unworthy the ex-
I penditure of one cent by this Government further
! than has been expended.
i I am not disposed at this time, sir, to go into a
j discussion of the question whether the contractors
i have complied with their contract or not ? ill I
can say is, that from the ex parte evidence pre-
sented to this body in the report of the Navy
Department, and in the report of the commission-
ers who examined the dock, it appears that the
contractors have not complied with the contract.
The subject has been referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs of this body; and it seems that the
contractors have made a response to the report of
the board of commissioners. I am not disposed
to pass judgment on the merits or demerits of their
claim until we have a report from the Committee
on Naval Affairs. When that report is presented
to the Senate, I think 1 shall be prepared to show,
by incontrovertible evidence, that this contract has
not been complied with by the contractors; that
the Government should not receive the dock and
basin; and that suit ought immediately to be
brought against these defaulting contractors for
non-compliance with their contract. But, sir, as
I remarked before, I do not wish to go into a dis-
cussion of the question until we have a report from
the Committee on Naval Affairs on the subject.
That will be the proper time to enter into the
merits or demerits of the claim set up by the con-
tractors.
Mr. MALLORY. I have a few words to say
to my colleague. It will be well enough to bear
in mind that this dock was all paid for under the
last Administration, under an opinion of the At-
torney General, that the United States were to
find water.
Mr. MORTON. Will my colleague suffer me
to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. The amount was paid under
the last Administration 1 admit. I make no
charge against any Administration. I would
scorn, as a Senator on this floor, to pursue a course
towards one Administration which I would not
towards another. The contractors presented a
hypothetical case to the Attorney General, and
upon that hypothetical case they obtained his opin-
ion. There was not water enough, as I under-
stand, at Philadelphia, and the contractors re-
ported that there was not water enough at Pensa-
cola also; and the Department submitted thejoint
question to the Attorney General, whether the
contractors should deepen the entrance into the
basin, or whether the Government should make
the necessary dredgings and excavations? Upon
that hypothetical case, the Attorney General gave
i theopinion thatit wastheduty oftheGovernment,
I and not of the contractors, to furnish the neces-
sary depth of water, as the basin had been located
on the site designated by the Government. But,
sir, when your board of commissioners examined
into the matter, what did they report? In contra-
diction of what had been stated to the Department
by the contractors, the board of commissioners
reported that there was sufficient water immedi-
ately outside this dock-basin, at Pensacola, to
float any vessel that could pass the bar of Pensa-
cola; that there were twenty-four or twenty-six
feet of water there.
My colleague was mistaken in his first remarks
in one point. He spoke of the curving of the dock
by the frigate being taken on it. It is true it was
thrown out of line some nineteen inches, I be-
lieve. The fault was not in floating anywhere
outside the basin; but the contractors had obli-
gated themselves to furnish ten feet of water
within the basin; and, upon an admeasurement of
the water in the basin, there was found to be only
nine feet ten inches there. There was not water
sufficient in the dock-basin to float the dock with
the frigate on it. If my colleague will examine
the report of the commissioners, he will find that
there was no complaint whatever on the part of
; the contractors that there was not sufficient wa-
ter outside the basin; but there was not water
i enough in the sill or gate of the basin to float the
: dock in; and neither was there sufficient water
: within the basin to sustain the dock with the
i frigate on board, when there.
j Sir, it is perfectly unnecessary, and a wasteful
; expenditure of money, to construct this deep basin,
! as there is now sufficient water there; and I shall,
, therefore, vote for the amendment proposed by
: the Senator from Pennsylvania; but I do hope
that, in liberality to the Pensacola navy-yard, he
will not propose a reduction of the appropriation
for that yard. Taking it in the gross, it is not,
perhaps, equal to the estimate for a permanent
wharf there; and every dollar of the appropriation
can be advantageously expended in its construc-
tion. It is not equal, I believe, to the estimate
sent in by the engineers for the continuation of
that permanent wharf. It is the only work ever
commenced in that navy-yard worthy of the Gov-
ernment which constructed it, and I hope it will
be allowed to go on.
