tm*
THE' CONGfiESSlONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
country have charged the Post Office Department
an enormous price for transporting the mail, is it
just that in order to equalize the matter, and bal-
ance these impositions, you should go to this
infant Territory and provide that its railroads shall
carry the mail for nothing? Sir, I repeat that this
section- in this bill places m the hands of the Gov-
ernment just sueh a power as Congress ought to
exercise over every railroad in the country. It is
that Congress shall cause the railroads to carry
the mail at such a ratfc of compensation as it may
fix. I maintain that that is a wholesome provis-
ion, and it is all that is necessary. It will effectu-
ally prevent the exaction of extravagant rates of
charges, and we certainly do not want these roads
to do our work for nothing. There is no reason
why the same provisions should not be applied to
the grants for railroads in the States. 1 repeat,
that it is a wholesome provision, and that I hope
we shall not go to the infant Territory of Minne-
sota to make the first condition such as is now
proposed.
The question was put; and the amendment was
not agreed to.
Mr. GREY. Is it in order to offer an amend-
ment to the fifth section of the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order to offer an
additional section to the bill.
Mr. GREY. I move the following, to comein
at theiend of the fifth section of the bilt:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That there shall be,
and is hereby, severally granted to each of the States of
Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont,--Massachusetts, Connec-
ticut, Rhode Island, New York,New Jersey, Pennsylvania,
Maryland, Delaware, North Carolina, South Carolina, Ten-
nessee, Kentucky, Georgia, and Virginia, public lands, at
the rate of one hundred and fifty thousand acres for each
Senator and Representative to which said States are re-
spectively entitled. And to each of the States of Ohio and
Indianaall the public lands remaining unsold in said States
respectively, not reserved for any public purpose. And a
further grant, at the rate of fifty thousand acres for each
Senator and Representative, is hereby made to each of the
States of Ohio and Indiana respectively ; &aul lands Ho be
taken in the manner, and applied to the pui poses hereinafter
mentioned.
Sec . —. And he it further enacted, That the Commissioner
of Public Lands shall issue to each of the States named in
the preceding section land warrants to the amount, in all,
to which each of the said States are respectively entitled
under said section, (exclusive of the lands granted to Ohio
and Indiana, within the limits of those States.) And the
said States are severally authorized to sell said land war-
rants, and apply the proceeds thereof to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads. Said warrants shall be tor not less than
eighty or more than one hundred and sixty acres cach; and
the same shall be valid in the hands of the owners or hold-
ers thereof, and may be located upon any of the surveyed
public lands which shall be at the time for sale, and subject
to private entry. And the title to the land so located under
said warrants, shall be perfected to the owner or holders
thereof, in the same manner as under other land warrants
issued by the United States; and the same fees to be paid
therefor. Said land warrants to be properly printed and en-
graved, and #igned by or under the dneuiou of the Com-
missioner of Public Lands and countersigned, as they are
sold, by or under the direction of the Governors of each of
said States respectively : Provided, That no State shall lo-
cate any of said land warrants m its own name, or for its
own benefit. And no land warrants shall be located upon
any lands to which there shall be a preemption right, or
upon which there shall be an actual settlement and cultiva-
tion, exempt by the person holding sueh preemption right,
or by such settler and cultivator. And not more than one
half of any section of laud shall be located under said land
warrants.
Sko—. And be it further enacted, That the remaining
half sections, or parts of sections ot land remaining, upon
winch said land warrants shall have, m part, been located,
are hereby reserved to the United States, and shall not be
sold for less than double the minimum price of the public
lands when sold. Nor shall the remaining paits oi said
sections become subject to private entry until the same
have bwn firM offered at public sale at the increased piicc.
Sec —. And keit further enaitcd, That the Uniti d States
mad, and the troopsemd property of the United States, shall
be at nlj time.- transported on all railroad*, made either
wholly oi m part from the pioceeds ot the lands granted
by rhn act, under the duection of the proper Departments,
free of charge, or lor sueh conippnaation only as Congiess
may by law determine. And until-o Jived by law,for such
compensation as the Postmaster General shall direct.
Mr. RICHARDSON". I rise to a question of
order. I submit the question of order, that that
amendment is not germane to the bill, and is,
therefore, out of order. This is a bill for the con-
struction of a railroad in Minnesota, and the
amendment proposes to distribute the lands among
the States for purposes of internal improvement.
Th$ CHAIRMAN. The Chair adheres to a
decision made on a previous occasion, during the
consideiatioa of this bill, and rules the amend-
ment out of order.
Mr. GREY. Do 1 understand the Chairman
to rule my amendment out of order? I
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does so. I
Mr. GREY. Well, I ask the Chair, for the
sake of obtaining information 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Does the gentleman take an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair?
Mr. GREY. I wish first to ask a question of
the Chair. Is not the original bill, to which this
is offered as an amendment, a bill proposing to
grant lands to a Territory, and to a portion of the
States-, for railroad purposes ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. No, sir; it makes no
grant to any State.
Mr. GREY. Well, to a Territory?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate of this kind, by
way of interrogatory, is not in order. Does the
gentleman appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. GREY. Yes, sir; I appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that the amendment, submitted by the gentleman
from Kentucky, is not in order, because it is not
germane to the bill, and because it is in violation
of the order of the House, directing the kind of
business which the committee shall consider on
this day. Prom that decision the gentleman from
Kentucky appeals, and the question is, u Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the committee?"
Mr. GREY, Have I a right to say anything ?
The CHAIRMAN. No, sir; debate is not m
order.
Mr. DEAN. I desire to know whether the
provisions of the amendment apply to lands in the
Territories only ?
The CHAIRMAN. No; to lands generally.
' Mr. KERR. I call for tellers on the appeal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cungman
and Richardson were appointed.
The question was taken, and the decision of the
Chair was sustained; the tellers having reported—
ayes 88t noes 37.
Mr. GREY. I move the following as an addi-
tional section to the bill :
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That there be, and is
hereby, granted to the State of Kentucky, thirteen hundred
thousand acres ol the public lands, for the purpose of aiding
111 constructing a tail road from Cincinnati by Louisville and
along the most advantageous and practicable route to some
point on the Mississippi river in said State. And fourteen
hundred thousand acres tor the purpose of aiding in con-
structing a laiiroad from Hopkmsvilie by Danville, &,c., to
the mouth of the Big Bandy river, with a branch from some
point on said road east of Bowling Green to or near to Cum-
berland Gap, to be located by the Legislature of said State.
And five hundred thousand acies for the purpose of aiding
in constructing a railroad from Henderson toward Nashville,
Tenness.ee, and for the purpose of aiding in constructing that
part of the Chicago, Cairo and Mobile road, crossing the
States of Kentucky and Tennessee, from the mouth of the
Ohio to the Mississippi State line, an equal number of acres
per mile, as wa< granted to aid in constructing those portions
of said road from Chicago through the State of Illinois, to
Cairo, and from the south boundary of the State of Tennes-
see through the States of Mississippi and Alabama to Mo-
bile.
Sec. —. And be it further cnacted, That the State of
Kentucky shall apply the proceeds of said lands hereby
granted exclusively to aid in the construction of said rail-
roads specified in the foregoing section, and for no othej
pin poses. And the Commissioner of Public Land"., under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, «hal! issue to
the State of Kentucky land warrants to the amount of said
tluee millions seven hundred thousand acres of public lands
And *aid State is authorized to sell and dispose of said land
warrants, and the same are to he valid and effectual in the
hands of any owner or holder thereof, and may be located
bv f-uch owner or bolder upon any public lands subject to
private entry in the same manner as land warrants for mili-
tary services are authorized by law to be located. And the
title of ihe land no located by any owner or holder of said
land watrants shall be secured and perfected to such owner
or holder in the same manner as other land warrants issued
by the United States. Said land wariants shall be so en-
giaved and printed as to prevent deception and counterfeit-
ing ; shall be signed by the Secretary of the Interior, 01 the
Commissioner of the Public Lands, or for them by such
other person or petsons as the Secietdry may direct, and
countersigned by the Governor of the State of Kentucky,
or by such othei officer as the Legislature of said State may
designate for that purpose, and said land wairants shall not
be lor less than eighty norover one hundred and sixty acres
each : Provided, That said State shall not be authorized to
locate any wanants in its own name or for its own benefit;
and that 110 warrant issued under the provisions of this act
shall be located upon any lands which have been specially
reserved to the United States 01 to which there shall be a
preemption right, or on which there shall be an actual set-
tlement and cultivation, except by the person holding such
preemption right, or by such sottler and cultivator.
Sec. —. And be it farther cnacted, That each and ail of
the loads mentioned m the first section, if made either
wholly or in part fiom the proceeds of the public lands
granted by this act, are hereby made and declared post-
roads and shall at ail tiroes transport the mails, military
stores, troops ami property of the United States, under the
duection of the proper officers thereof, at such compensa-
tion as Congress may by law direct.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a point of or-
der.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
made the decision as to the question of order.
Mr. GREY. May I refer the Chair to a de-
cision on this precise bill, made at the last session,
where this same question was made and decided
in an opposite way ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair recollects the
decision, but he does not believe that the House
correctly decided then.
Mr. GREY. Then I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the question is:
"Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the Committee?"
The question was taken; and the decision was
affirmed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise, and report the bill to the
House. *'
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman of the
committee (Mr. Phelps) reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had the state of the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly Sen-
ate bill (No. 38) "To aid the Territory of Min-
nesota in constructing a railroad for military,
postal; and other purpose," and had directed him
to report the same to the House with sundry
amendments.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move the previous
question upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to lay the bill and
amendments upon the table.
Mr. DENT. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw that motion. I want to go back
into committee in order to pass two or three bills.
This is tfie last of the days set aside for the con-
sideration of local territorial business, and I hope
the gentleman will withdraw the motion.
Mr. DENT. I withdraw it.
Mr. MCCULLOCH. I renew it.
The question was put, and decided in the neg-
ative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurring upon the motion to lay
the bill upon the table,
Mr. HAMILTON called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a point of order.
Is it in order, after having just voted upon a mo-
tion to adjourn, to make that motion again?
The SPEAKER. It is in order, as there has
been action since the motion to lay the bill upon
the table.
The question was then taken upon the motion to
adjourn, and decided in the negative.
The question was then put upon the motion to
lay the bill upon the table, arid it was decided in
the negative—ayes 68, nays 101; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bennett, Bocoek, Boyee, Bridges, Car-
penter. Chaistaiii, Chnsman, Craige, Thomas Davis, Dean,
Dent, Drum,Edmundson, Elliott, Everhart,Ewing, Faulk-
ner, Fuller, Gamble, Giddings, Goode, Grey, Grow, Ham-
ilton, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Hastings, Ha-
ven, Hendiicks, Ilic^ter, Hill, Houston, Johnson, Daniel
T. Jones, George YV. Jones, Kcitt, Kid well, Kittredge,
Kurtz, Lane, Letcher, McCulloch, McMulhn, McNair,
McQueen, Maurice, May, Middleswarth, Millson, Morri-
son, Murray, Nichols, Peck ham, Preston, Puryear, Sewaid,
Seymour, Shaw, Shower, Gerrit Smith, Samuel A. Smith,
Snodgrass, Stratton. Andrew Stuart, Trout, Vail, Vansant,
and Wade—68.
NAYS—Mes-srs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Appleton,
Bali, Banks, Bark«dale, Benson, Bissell, Breckinridge,
Brooks, Bugg, Campbell, Caruthers, Clark, Chngman,
Cobb, Cook/Corwin, Cox, Crocker, Cullom, John G. Da-
vis, DeWitt, Dick, Dickinson, Disney, Dunbar, Eastman,
Eddy, Edgerton, Edmands, English, Farley, Florence,
Franklin, Goodrich, Greenwood. Andrew J. Harlan, Har-
rison, Henn, Howe. Hughes, Hunt, Rowland Jones, Kerr,
Knox,' I-indsley, McDougall, Macy, Matteson, Ma>all,
Meacham, John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Morgan, Noble,
Norton, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Bibh-
op Perkins, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Pratt, Pringle,
Ready, Reese, Richardson, Riddle. David Ritchie, Thomas
Ritchey, Rogers, Russell, Sabm, Sage. Sapp, Shannon,
Simmons, Singleton, George W. Smyth, Hestoi L. Stevens,
John L. Taylor. Thurston. Tracy, ITpham, Waibridee, Wal-
Iev3 Warren, Elhhu B. Wasliburne, Israel Washburn,
Wells, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler,
