2158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
rpission was composed of some of the most scien-
tific officers in your Army and Navy, and I am
disposed to believe what they say. The con-
tractors made one excuse after another. They
said there was not sufficient depth of water at Pen-
sacola. The com mission, after the most accurate
measurements, were unanimous that there was an
abundance of water to dock that ship; so that the
fault must be in the dock. Yet Senators now talk
of that report being cut to pieces.
But, sir, Igot up chiefly for the purpose of saying
this: These men first got a contract for making
threedocks, and they Started at the price of $300,0(J|)
apiece; but they have carried the cost up to nearly
three millions of dollars. They then built a dock
in California for over $500,000; and they got an
act passed at the last session of Congress author-
izing the Secretary of the Navy, if he thought the
public necessity required it, to make a contract
for a basin and railway at San Francisco, fn the
face of the report of the board of commissioners,
these people got $993,000 for the Pensacola dock;
and according to the intimation of the Senator
from Florida, with a straw bond, whereas it is
faulty in principle and construction. If the Sec-
retary of the Navy has made such a contract as
the Senator from California says, for a basin and
railwayat San Francisco, his conduct ought to
be investigated, and I will take an early opportu-
nity at the next session to cause an inquiry into
his conduct in that respect.
Mr. GWIN. I undertake to say that whenever
the Senator invites the investigation, the Secretary
will be ready to meet him. He has executed the
law, and he is notafraid to meet any responsibility
that results from his action. I was one who ad-
vised and urged him to do it, and I know he did
his duty.
Mr. MORTON. IVlr. President, I am not dis-
posed to protract the discussion, but I must make
one remark in reply to my friend from California.
He boasts of having in California sufficient water
for the construction of a dock without any outside
appliances. I put up the same claim for the Bay
of Pensacolav 1 say we have there sufficient water
for the construction of a basin, and the floating of
a dock withoutany of theseartificial appliances of
scows, dredging, or anything of the kind.
The Senator also said that the report of the
board of commissioners was riddled—I think that
was the term he used—by the response of these
contractors to the naval committee. I have not
had an opportunity to read that response. I can
only say that,from the reportoftheNavy Depart-
ment, and from the report of this board of com-
missioners to the Navy Department, the evidence
is clear and conclusive to my mind, and must be
to every one who looks at those reports, that the
contractors have not complied with, but have sig-
nally failed in, their contract. What evidence
they have produced I know not; bull should rely
upon the opinion of such men as those who com-
posed this board—Captain Tattnall, who has
spent forty years of his life in the Navy of his
country, one of the first contractors attached to
the Navy, an engineer of distinction attached to
the Army, and also one superintending the works
at Pensacola—as to the efficiency of this work
much sooner than I would on the statement of
the contractors.
Mr. GWIN. The facts and the law will de-
termine the case. Any man's statement is not
worth a cent unless sustained by the facts.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My amendment is merely
to strike out the words 44 continuation of deep
basin, raising walls of dock basin,"and does not
affect the appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the H"ouse of
Representatives, by Mr. McFCean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills and joint resolution:
An act making Appropriations for fortifications,
and other works of defense, and for repairs of
barracks and quarters, for the year ending: the
30th of June, 1855;
An act for the relief of Henry N. Halsted;
An act for the relief of Benjamin Hammond, of
the State of New York;
An act for the relief of Henry J. Snow, of
Rome, in the State of New York;
An act for the relief of W. D. Porter, of the
United States Navy;
An act to provide a pension for James K".
Welch;
An act for the relief of James M. Lewis;
An act for the relief of James Walsh;
An act for the relief of Jesse R. Faulkner, of
Missouri;
An act for the further relief of Albro Tripp;
An act for the relief of Charlotte S. Westcott;
An act for the relief of John McVea, and John
F. McKneely, of Louisiana;
An act for the relief of Rebecca Baggerley, widow
of David Baggerley, deceased;
An act for the relief of Mary H. Cushing;
An act for the relief of the civil township of
Marion, in the county of Mercer, Ohio;
An act for the relief of William H. Weirich,
An act for the relief of Joseph McMmn;
An act for the relief of John Frink; and
Joint resolution directing the accounting officers
of the Treasury to adjust the account of William
Woodbury, late pension agent at Portland, Maine.
The President pro tempore thereupon signed
the above-named bills and joint resolution.
MINNESOTA LAND BILL.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed a resolution suspend-
ing the 16ih joint rule, so far as related to H«>use
bill " to repeal theact to aid the Territory of Min-
nesota in the construction of a railroad therein,"
in which they requested the concurrence of the
Senate, in order to allow the b'ill to'be transmitted
to the Senate to-day.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion, and concurred therein.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
continued the consideration of the naval appro-
priation bill.
Mr. RUSK. I move to amend the bill by adding
the following as an additional section:
Set:.—. And be it further enacted, That the existing
law? limiting tlie number of officers in ihe Navy of the
United Stales bo, and iliey aie hereby, so far modified as
to authorize the President to incorporate into the naval ser-
vice of ihe United Stales the surviving officers < t the late
Texas, Navy, who were duly commissioned and in the ser-
vice of said Republic at the lime of us annexation to the
United States : Provided, That the nuuiburof' officers to be
incorporated *>hall not exceed eight.
Mr. PEARCE called for the yeas and nays on
this amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. I know the great value of the
time of the Senate, and I know that there is an
indisposition to amend the naval appropriation
bill by adding anything which may cause discus-
sion in the House. 1 straggled to get up this
measure as a separate bill. I introduced ir at an
early part of the session, and I would have
brought it before the Senate as a separate bill if it
had been in my power to do so. I will now be as
brief as it is possible for me to be in explaining
the amendment which I have offered, and the
reasons why 1 think it ought to be adopted. It
becomes necessary, owing to differentconstructions
being placed by Texas and the United States thus
far, on a rather ambiguous term contained in the
joint resolutions of annexation. The second section
of these resolutions declares: "S.ud State when
admitted into the Umon.after cedingto the United
States all public edifices, fortifications, barracks,
ports, and harbors, navy and navy-yards, docks,
magazines, arms,armaments/' &c. Texas placed
on tnis language the construction that it intended
fo provide for the officers of the Texas navy, that
under the usual acceptation of the teim " navy,"
she is entitled to have the officers of her navy in-
corporated into the Navy of the United States. I ;
have not the slightest doubt that such is the true
construction of the language, and I think it is in-
justice on the part of the United States that they
have not placed that construction upon it. The
joint resolutions after they were adopted by Con-
gress, were sent to Texas by a minister from this
country, and he urged them upon our acceptance.
Amongst other things which he said in urging
them was this. (I read from a letter of Mr. Donei-
son, of June 15, 1845, to Mr. Allen, then Secre-
tary of State of Texas:)
e< Texas should rely on that high sense of honor and
magnanimity which governs both the people and the repre-
sentatives of the United States, and to secure to her all
that she can reasonably desire to place her on an equal
footing with the other members of the Union."
Such is the language which he used to induce
Texas to accept the terms of the joint resolutions
of annexation. The very convention which ac-
cepted those terms and formed the constitution of
the State so construed them. On a petition pre-
sented to that convention by Commodore Moore,
a committee were appointed who, in their report
to the convention, reported a resolution that was
unanimously adopted, urging upon the United
States that the navy of Ttxas should be incor-
porated into that of the United States. That was
the action of the convention of Texas on the sub-
ject of her navy, under the propositions of the
Congress of the United States presented by your
Minister, who urged the acceptance of these prop-
ositions on Texas. The Legislature of Texas, on
the 29th of February, 1848, adopted this joint
resolution on the subject:
" Whereas there were connected with the great measure
of our annexation to the Confederacy of which we are now
a member, various reciprocal rights and conditions pre-
scribed by the terms thereof, as well as others clearly
implied, and fairly deducihle from the same, all of which
Texas has on her part fully and completely redeemed ;
" And whereas it is the opinion of this Legislature ihat
the officers of our late navy, by a liberal and just, if not
by a«trietly legil construction of the terms of annexation,
should be incorporated into the Navy of the United States,
in their several ranks, and that they are justly entitled to
the same, as well from the construction here claimed as
from their high characters, personal and professional, and
the zeal, fidelity, patriotism, and valor with which they
su>tained the cause of their country, while us navy was
in existence: therefore,
" Sec. 1. Beit resolced by the Legislature of the State of
Texas, That our Senators are hereby instructed, and our
Representatives in Congress requested, to use their influ-
ence to procure the passage of a law by the Congress of
the United States, incorporating the officers of the late
navy of Texas into the Navy of the United States, m
the rank which they severally held in the late navy of
Texas.
"Sec. 2. Be it further resolved, That the Governor be
requested to cause copies of this joint resolution to lie im-
mediately forwarded to each of our Senators and Repie-
sentauvejj in Congress."
In February, 1352, they passed a similar reso-
lution, in these words:
" Whereas there were connected with the great rricn-iire
of annexation to the Conferierncy of" which we are now a
member, various reciprocal rights and conditions, prescribed
by the terms thereof, as well as others clearly implied and
fairly deducible from the same, all of which Texas ha< on
her part fully and completely redeemed ; and whereas it is
the opinion of this Legislature, that the officers of our late
navy, by a liberal and just construction of the terms of an-
nexation, should be incorporated into the Navy of the United
States in their several ranks, and that they are justly enti-
tled to the same, as well from the construction here claimed,
as from their high characters, personal and professional,
and the zeal, fidelity, patriotism, and valor with which they
sustained the cause of their country during her struggle for
independence; therefore,
" Sec. 1. Be it resolved by the Legislature of the State of
Teavw, That our Senators are hereby instructed, and our
Representatives in Congress requested, to use their influence
to procure the passage of a Jaw bv the Congress ofthi Uni-
ted Slates, incorporating ihe officers of the late navy of
Texas in 10 the Navy of the United States, in the rank which
they severally held m the lale navy of Texas.
"Sec. 2. Beit further resolved, That the Governor be
requested to cause copies of this joint resolution to be imme-
diately forwarded to the President of the United Stares, and
to each of our Senators and Representatives in Congress."
Here, then, sir, is the construction which Texas
has placed upon the term " navy," as used in the
joint resolutions of annexation. It has been con-
tended by some, that because the word "cede"
immediately precedes the use of the several terms
found together, in the section of the joint resolu-
tions from which I read, the officers, the personnel
of the navy, were not intended to be included.
Now, is not this a mere quibble? When we
speak of the British navy, what do we mean ?
No man supposes that in talking of the British
navy and its efficiency, we mean nothing but the
ships and armaments, and leave the men out of
view altogether. When we speak of the Navy
of the United States, do you exclude your officers ?
I say, then, that according to the usual accepta-
tion of language, it is putting a strained technical
construction upon the term "navy," to exclude
the officers of the Texan navy from entrance into
that of the United States. If the term stood alune
in the joint resolutions, the fair and liberal con-
struction, as a matter of course, according to the
understanding of all mankind, would include the
officers.
But the matter is not confined to this view.
When these resolutions were presented to Texas,
and she was asked to accept them, it was admit-
ted by the representative of this Government
that they were passed in a hurry, that there were
a great many things not provided for, but we
