1300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
There is the place to strike. That is the spot at
which I propose to strike; and desire Congress to
strike.
But, sir, the negroes brought from Africa are
detected by the very means to which my honor-
able friend has alluded—by the registries of the
true slaves, the real native-born slaves, on every
estate. The police officers visit the estate, and,
by calling the roll, and examining the negroes,
detect whether there are any recent importations.
If so, they declare them free, and they are bound
to declare them free, under the treaties which
Spain has made with foreign Governments. Then
I explained further, that they apprenticed these
slaves for one year, merely for the purpose of en-
abling these miserable creatures to live. They
are unable to procure their own subsistence.
They are utterly ignorant. They cannot speak
a word of'any language in which they can be un-
derstood, and nobody can understand them.
They know not how to labor, and they would
starve if they were not apprenticed.
Well, for the purpose of preserving the existence
of these wretched beings, the local authorities in
Cuba have been compelled to apprentice them for
a year. It is my opinion that, at this very moment,
these negroes are felt to be a great evil by the
Spanish authorities in Cuba, and they would
gladly get rid of them, but they cannot. They
would probably be very thankful to us if we would
take them away.
But, sir, my honorable friend, in the indulgence
of his imagination, tells us that he thinks these
rfegroes will be inlisted, and form a black corps of
soldiers for the purpose of preventing any attack
made on the island, or any insurrection in the
island. Now, sir, I would ask you, [Mr. Wel-
ler in the chair,] who have been somewhat of a
military man, and who have a^uired some mili-
tary knowledge, to tell me what sort of soldiers
these would make? They are wild negroes from
Africa, who have not been in the country a year.
Would they not make a splendid regiment! I
should like to know how you or anybody else
would proceed to drill them, and make them stand
up in a fight.
Sir, 1 lament, I lament deeply, that the impres-
sion has gone abroad, and from such distinguished
sources, that this evil is in progress of execution.
May we not wait until our own Government,
until the President has spoken on the subject? I
shall now close what I have to say to-day, with
the repetition of the expression, that I am willing
to yield up the whole subject if you will show me
that the American Secretary of State, or any other
man who ever was in that office, acting under the
high responsibilities of that position, will say to
the Senate and the world, that he believes this
story of the emancipation of the slaves in Cuba.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, when this
subject was introduced to the Senate two or three
weeks since, by the honorable Senator from Lou-
isiana, [Mr. Slwkli.,] I thought a very general
desire was manifested by all parties to have it
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations
unembarrassed by discussion previous to its ref-
erence; though the consent given to the reference,
without protest, would convey the idea that the
Senate generally admitted there was grave cause
for such an inquiry. But since that time other
resolutions of inquiry have been introduced upon
the subject, and led to more or less debate; and
to-day the resolutions of the State of Louisiana
have been presented to us. I certainly agree with
the honorable Senator from Louisiana,1•[Mr. Ben-
jamin,] that the most appropriate time to discuss
the matter will be when the committee shall have
made a report.
The discussion of this subject by those who
entertain apprehensions for the peace of the coun-
try>g°ing out from this place without opposition,
except so far as it was made by the Senator from
Delaware, is calculated to produce very serious
effects. It produces alarm in mercantile circles,
certainly premature and unnecessary now, even if
it be not without sufficient cause. There is no
necessity for Senators to give way to their imagin-
ations, until the grounds for their fears have been
exhibited by the Committee on Foreign Relations 1
or the Executive authority.
For one, whenever a crisis in Cuba may come,
I shall be prepared to meet it; but it is impossible
for me to see that the circumstances alluded to by
the honorable Senator from Louisiana form any
ground for apprehending that a crisis is at hand.
1 do not now look merely at the facts relied upon
by the Senator from Louisiana; but I look at the
condition of Spain, at the condition of the United
States, and of the European nations, and I see
nothing to warrant any such apprehension. For
ourselves, we have a claim unsettled against
Spain; and we are expecting the answer of the
Spanish Government to that claim. We are ex-
pecting the arrival of an officer prepared to treat
on that subject and on all subjects whatever. Why
should Spain, deriving $1,000,000 income from
Cuba, desire to renounce it? Why should she
bury in the ocean her colony in America, the last
relic of the New World given to her by Colum-
bus ? Pier exigencies are as great now as in former
times. Then, it is supposed that the British Gov-
ernment is concerned in this movement. Sir, I
entertain no doubt that it may be safely said that
if Great Britain occupies any position in regard
to this question now, it is a position which in-
clines her to prevent the extremities which are
dreaded by the honorable Senators from Loui-
siana. Engaged in a war which is almost certain
to become a continental war in Europe, which is
to be a short war only in the case that Austria and
Prussia shall join their standards to those of Great
Britain and France, and which is to be an interm-
inable war, a ruinous and disastrous war, in the
other event, it seems to me that Great Britain is
now under bonds to keep the peace with our
Government on this question. I see no reason,
therefore, to impair the confidence of the commer-
cial part of the community,and spread over them
the dread of evils which may never come.
I hope, then, that this question may rest in
tranquillity for the present. It stnkes-me that it
is calculated to produce apprehensions in this
country in relation to our claims on Spain, on
Europe, and on the nations of the world; for we
know, and the world knows, that this is regarded
by some as the favored time to strike at the in-
terests of Spain in Cuba, and at the interests of
Great Britain.
If this question is one of the rising of the in-
habitants of Cuba to assert their liberty, that is
one thing. I shall desire to know from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, when they do report
on this subject, on what ground, and to what ex-
tent they propose to intervene. If they propose
to exert the influence of this country, as it has
heretofore been exerted, in favor of efforts for
constitutional freedom, that will be one question;
but if they propose to control, interfere with, or
direct, or supervise, the local matters of Cuba,
then, for one, I am decidedly Hgainst any such
intervention. I have no doubt that the general
popular sentiment, and any action that may be
adopted on this subject, will turn upon the ques-
tion whether what is proposed is a simple and
moral influence felt, «nd necessary and justly ex-
cited in favor of freedom, or an attempted regu-
lation and control of the Government of Spain in
Cuba, in its lawful exercise of a right to melio-
rate the condition of its people.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move to postpone all prior
orders 
Mr. MASON. Let the resolutions be referred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wkller
m the chair.) If there be no objection the resolu-
tions will be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
There was no objection.
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of having the Nebraska
and Kansas hill read a second time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
now have its second reading.
It was accordingly read a second time by its
title: " A. bill to organize the Territories of Ne-
braska and Kansas "
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
now under consideration as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have no desire to engage
in any debate upon the bill. It is sufficient to
state that it is precisely the bill which passed the
Senate some time ago, with the exception of the
amendment adopted upon the motion of the Sen-
ator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton.] It being
the Senate bill, with that isolated exception, it
presents no new issue, no new question, and I
therefore ask that the Senate may proceed to vote
upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
proposition to amend, the bill will be reported to
the Senate.
Mr. PEARCE. I desire to renew the amend-
ment which was offered by my friend from Dela-
ware, when the Senate bill was under our consid-
eration. It is to amend the proviso which is in
the fifth section, as follows:
Provided, That the right of suffrage and of holding office
Pha!! be exercised only by citizens of the United States,
and Those who have declared on oarti their intention to be-
come such, and shall have taken an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States, and the provisions of
this act,"
—by striking out the words:
"And those who shall have declared on oath their inten-
tion to become such, and shall have taken an oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States, and the provis-
ions of this act."
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, my object in
moving the amendment is obvious. I did not
hear the debate in the Senate on the night when
the amendment of the Senator from Delaware
was adopted; but I take it for granted that the
reason for that amendment was the conviction,on
the part of the majority of the Senate, that the
elective franchise should be conferred, within
the Territories, upon citizens of the United States
only. For my own part, I cannot conceive any
' reason why this privilege, which peculiarly be-
longs to citizenship, should be extended to those
who are not citizens It is a part of political sov-
ereignty. It seems to me to be the essential duty
of a citizen, but of no one else, to exercise that
power. It is at war with the principles of all gov-
ernment, it seems to me, to confer upon those who
are not citizens, the power to control the Govern-
ment through the right of suffrage. That right
belongs only to those who are members of the
body-politic, and no foreigner can be so until he
has, by naturalization, entered into the compact
which constitutes him one of the political com-
munity.
I admit that the legislation of the country has
been somewhat irregular in this particular. I
know that that irregularity dates from a very
early period of our history. I know, for example,
i that in the ordinance of 1787, which organized the
Northwest Territory, weprovided that when there
were five thousand male inhabitants over twenty-
one years of age, they should have a legislative
government, and that the right of suffrage should
be committed to those who were citizens of one
of the United States, and had certain property
qualifications, or to those who had resided two
years in the district and had certain larger prop-
erty qualifications. But there was a manifest
reason for that which does not apply now. At
that time we had no Federal Government, no
Constitution of the United States. There was no
such thing as a citizen of the United States. The
right was confined to the citizens of one of the
United States; and it was manifest that, as there
was no general power under the Confederation to
constitute citizens of the United States, a man
might have resided in the Territory for an indefi-
nite period without acquiring citizenship in the
Territory by virtue of any law of naturalization.
The only citizens then known to the law were
citizens of the respective States of the Confedera-
tion. Well, sir, inasmuch as a man who resided
m that Territory for any length of time could not
thereby become a citizen of the United States,
and there was no power to make him such, it
, seemed to be somewhat reasonable that the right
j of voting should be given, in that case, to all the
j residents in the Territory under the condition
prescribed by the ordinance which supposed them
| to be assimilated in interest and feeling with those
j who were citizens of one of the United States; a
i freehold to the amount of fifty acres, and a reai-
I dence in the district of two years, I think, was
! the requisition in this case.
That provision was successively extended to
the different Territories organized out of the North-
western Territory. It was extended, I believe,
also, to the Territories southwest of the Ohio, not
j| in precise terms, in totidem verbis, but by a general
• j provision, that the inhabitants of the Southwest-
:! ern Territory should be entitled to all the rights,
liberties, and advantages which, by the ordinance,
were given to those in the Northwestern Territory.
Some similar provision was introduced into the
