1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2159
were assured that a gallant nation, such as the
United States, would put the most liberal con-
struction upon the terms of the resolutions; and
that, if any defects existed in them, they would
afterwards be remedied by wise, enlightened, and
liberal legislation on the part of the United States
whenever the Representatives from that State
should call for it.
When we were first annexed there were quite
a number of officers who belonged to the Texan
navy. They have been thinned by death, until
but eight of them remain. They have been pros-
ecuting their claim to what they believe their
rights here during the whole time. The amend-
ment I have offered proposes not to incorporate
them into the Naivy of the United States, but so
to amend the law as to authorize the President to
include them in the Navy, if "he thinks proper. It
is left, in the first place, in the discretion of the
President of the united States to ascertain who
belonged to the Texan navy, and, according to
his judgment, to recommend them' to the Senate,
as he does all other officers, for confirmation.
Sir, when the proposition is reduced merely to
that, I can regard it as nothing but an act of Ion?
delayed justice. I regret that I have been forced
to offer this proposition at so late a period of the
session. 1 know that the Senate listen to me at,
such a time with great impatience. I know there
is much to be done between this time and the close
of the session. It has not been my fault however,
that 1 am forced into this late hour. 1 regret that,
under such circumstances, I cannot go more fully
into the subject, and support the proposition at,
length; for it is a case which I belteve to be just,
j believe it is a right of the State of Texas due
from the United States on every principle of jus-
tice.
Mr. GWIN. All I have to say in regard to
the question now before the Senate is, that the
Naval Committee of the Senate, to whom a bill
was referred, in the very language of the amend-
ment now offered by the Senator from Texas,
after full deliberation, unanimously leported
against it. It has been fully discussed heretofore,
and rejected by the Senate. I ask for a vote upon
it.
Mr. PRATT. I have no doubt, sir, that the
officers named in the amendment introduced by
the Senator from Texas are entitled to some claim
upon the Federal Government. I do not think,
however, that we have the right to puf them over
the officers now in our Navy, as would be done
by the adoption of the proposed amendment. I
intimated at the last session, when the subject was
before the Senate, the course which I was willing
to pursue. I think it is the only one which will
ever be adopted for the purpose of doing justice to
these gentlemen as far &s itis m our power. That
course is to give them the pay to which they
would be entitled if they had been in the Navy
from the time of annexation to this period. 1
would not put them in our Navy so as to interfere
with the rank of the officers in our service; but 1
think we should compensate them in money, which
is the utmost we can do, in my judgment, for the
rights which they certainly had under the articles
of annexation. I have no doubt that, by the res-
olutions of annexation, they had a right to expect
that they would be incorporated into the Navy.
If they had been incorporated at that time, there
would have been few living now who would have
been prejudiced by the act; but if they are put
back into the Navy now with the rank which they
would have had if they had remained in it ever
since, almost all our own officers would be injured
by it, arid they would have a just right to complain.
A great injury would result to the service.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I
need not express my regret at finding myself com-
pelled, at this late hour of the session, to trespass
on the time of the Senate; but with my views of
justice, and the demands of friendship, if this
were the last hour of the session, I should fee! it
my duty to ask the indulgence of the Senate while
I vindicate, as briefly as I may, the character and
reputation of a friend. In the remarks which I
intend to make, I shall have nothing to do with
the personal controversy of any gentleman in the
Senate or out of the Senate. With the private and
personal relations of gentlemen I have nothing to
do. They are always presumed to be competent
to adjust their own affairs, in their own way.
But, air, with the public records of the country I
have something to do. Wnen 1 am called upon
lo vote, under all the responsibilities that auai n to
me as an American Senator, i have a right to
i nquire, and to consider, what I am about to vote
upon; and I &hali exetcise that right fully, freely,
and independently.
The fitst question for your consideration, sir,
and for mine, is, whether the surviving officers of
of the Texan navy shall be incorporated into the
Navy of the United States? That is the great
question which Senatois have to determine tor
themselves; and it does seem to me that eveiy
►Senator on this floor ought to feel himself bound
to examine the question fairly and impartially for
himself, so that he may render a just verdict for
his country, and tor the citizens living under its
Government.
By the terms of annexation between the Gov-
ernmentof the United states and the late Republic
of Texas, it was stipulated that the navy of
Texas should be transiened to the Government
of the United States. What, sir, do you mean
by a navy? Do you mean its vessels, its muni-
tions of war, anu do you exclude us men? If
you mean that, then u^un a technical cousu ueuon
of the terms ol annexation, you may exclude the
officers of the Texas navy; but, according to
every just n.terpietation, it seems to me that the
terms of annexation intended and contemplated
; that the ofliceis of the Texan navy snould go
i with the navy, i am very well aware, sir, that
| the Supreme Court ot the United States has de-
I cided that, under the terms ot annexation between
! the two Republics, the Government or tne United
i JStates is not bound to receive the officers of the
Texas navy, i am wilimg to bow with the pro-
foundest deference and lespeci to the opinions of
that tribunal. The question, however, went there
by indirection. It was not directly presented to
the Court; but 1 am tree to declaie that they an-
nounced that, by the terms ot annexation, we
were not bound to receive the otficeis ol the navy
as part of the navy itself. That was the decision
| m the case of h>iashear, which went up to the
I Supreme Court on a mundamus which h?id been
| issued to require this Government to pay him
1 his salary, i'lie Couit undertook to decide that
I question, and decided it as I have stated That,
| &ir, is not the question for us to decide. We have
as much n^ht to construe the tei ms ot-annexation
i as the Supreme Court. I grant, when their de-
i cision is made, we at e bound oy it; and therefoi e,
1 admit, we are not compelled, under a sti ict inter-
pietation of the terms of annexatnn, to accept
the officers of the Texas navy with the navy
itself.
Mr. RUSK. Let me say to the Senator from
Tennessee, that the decision ot the Supreme Court
was upon an application by Mr. Brashear, con-
tending that, by annexation, he was, without fur-
ther action, attached to the Navy of the United
States. The Supieme Court decided only that
the act of annexation did not of itself, without
further legislation, bring in the officers of the
Texan navy.
Mr JON ES, of Tennessee. Sol understand;
and if I was not fortunate enough to convey my
idea distinctly, I am sorry for it; but that is what
I meant to say. Sir, as 1 have said, there is a
question for the Senate to decide for themselves
which is outside the technicalities of the law.
There is a question of justice, a question of fair-
ness, a question of magnanimity for the Senate to
decide. 1 apprehend no man on this floor will un-
dertake to say that we have not the right and the
power to incorporate this remnant of the i'exan
navy into the American Navy. Then, if * e
have the power to do if, the question arises, shall
we exercise that power ? Are we under obliga-
tions of fairness, of jus ice, liberality, and mag-
nanimity, required to exercise that power? It is
upon that point 1 plant myself, and there I hope
to stand, and there 1 hope to be enabled to con-
vince honorable Senators that they may, and that
they ought to do this, without a violation of any
principle, or an infringement of the right of any
American citizen?
Now, sir, what objection is urged to this? It
is said, that if we incorporate the officers of the
Texan navy into the Navy of the United States,
we shall be violating the rights and privileges of
the officers of our own Navy. Sir, it I know my
own heart, 1 should be one of the last men in the
world to trench upon the rights of any man in this
Government; and least of all should I be inclined
to supersede any man either in^the Army or in
the Navy, or in any way abridge his rights, or in
any degree trespass upon a single privilege which
he enjoys under the Government. But, suppose
you incorporate these eight men into the Navy of
the United States, what wrong do you inflict upon
any man in your Navy? Do you take from any
man in the Navy an iota of power and position
which he now enjoys? Not at all Do you obstruct
a single man in the Navy in his progress to ad-
vancement ? Not at all. So far from postponing
his advance, you increase it by increasing the
riffmber of chances for his promotion. You add
one additional captain to your Navy, and thereby
you add to the chances of all who are seeking pro-
motion, by death, resignation, or otherwise; you
increase the chances of every officer to that extent,
and thus you advance the interests of the officers
of the Navy. Ah, but it is said, you bring into
the Navy of the United States a man who once
belonged to it, but who has joined another Gov-
ernment, and that you put him back into the Navy
m a position which he would not have been enti-
tled to occupy if he had remained in your Navy;
and this is said to be a crying injustice. Well,
sir, as 1 understand, but one man of the eight now
seeking to be incorporated into the Navy of the
United States ever belonged to your Navy, and
that one is Commodore Moore. You object to
incorporating him info your Navy with the posi-
tion which he held in the navy of Texas, because
you say it would be an act of injustice to those
now in the Navy.
I am willing to put it on the ground that Com-
modore Moore has seen more sea service than
four fifths of the men m the American Navy who
claim priority of rank over him. But, suppose the
fact to be as you imagine it, what svrong do you
do to them ? Here was a man who served credit-
ably to himself, and honorably to his Govern-
ment, without one stain upon his character, for
fouiteen long years, in the American Navy. He
found a sister Republicstruggling for her liberties.
Many of the officers of your Navy were luxuria-
ting at home upon leave of absence. This officer,
seeing a Republic struggling for its liberty, under
the generous and noble impulses of the American
heart, determined to go and cast his fortunes with
that struggling Republic forthe rights of universal
liberty. He left your Navy and joined that; arid
when the two countries are annexed, and ad the
rights, powers, and privileges of the one are merged
in the other, he comes forward and asks that he
may retain in this Government the position which
he occupied in the Government which was ceded
to you. He is told: M0n,thisis very wrong; you
left your own country and wentand enlisted under
the star of another, and foreign Government," and
that is set down to ihe detriment of this man. How
consistent are we ?- How jus tare we? Why, sir,
we may turn back to the history of ourown coun-
try and see illustrious examples directly m point
when we call upon the names of Lafayette and his
illustrious compeers. They rendered assistance
t) us in our darkest days of trial, and our people
render them the highest homage of gratitude, and
praise, and thanksgiving. Why is this? It is
because Lafayette left his own Government and
came here t<> enlist under the banner of a feeble
people, strugghngforhberty and self-government.
The nation's gratitude is poured out to him 
Here, however, a man doing precisely the same
thing, increased only by the consideration that he
was going to fijjht the battles of his own country-
men who were flesh of his flesh, bone of his bone, *
and kindred of his kindred, itissaid, is notentitled
to the gratitude or the thanks of this Government
when your statute-book is filled with demonstra-
tions of the nation's gratitude for men who per-
formed precisely the same service.
But, Mr. President, suppose you incorporate
I this remnant of the Texan navy into the Amcr-
I ican Navy. You do no wrong; you do no injus-
! tice; you deprive no man of his rank; you de-
prive no man of his chances of promotion; you
simply add this number to your Navy. Is that
anything new under the sun ? Is it anything new
in the history of this Government? Why, sir,,
your statute-book is literally filled with such
cases. Have you not gone into the ranks of pri«.
vate life, and put men into your Army? Take^
the case of the distinguished Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Shields.] He was fc&ken from th$ walks?
