1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi,
Daniel B. Wright, Hendrick B. Wright, Yates, and Zolli-
coffer—101.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. SAGE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. GREY. I desire to ask the Chair a ques-
tion before we vote upon this subject. I ask for
information.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will propound
his question.
Mr. GREY. My question is this: As the
Committee on Public Lands will not report any
bill giving to the old States any share of the pub-
lic lands, I desire to know if there is any way by
which a bill of that kind can be brought before
the House ?
The SPEAKER. That is a question which
the Chair cannot decide now, at any rate.
The previous question then received a second.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken; and there were, on a
division, ayes 74, noes 83.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurring on seconding the main
question—
Mr. SAGE demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Campbell and Phel s were
appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 67, noes 81.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. ORR. There are several amendments to
the bill; Find it being desirable that some other ter-
ritorial bills should be disposed of in Committee
of the Whole, I move that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, for the purpose of disposing of them.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by
unanimous consent, as the House has ordered
the main question to be put, and it must now be
put.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to know if the
amendments cannot be acted on en masse ?
The SPEAKER. That course will be taken,
unless objection be made.
Mr. JdNES, of Tennessee. I suppose no one
will desire a separate vote upon any except the
amendment offered by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Kerr.]
The SPEAKER. "The usual course will be
taken. The amendments will be read by the
Clerk in their order; and any gentleman wishing
a separate vote upon one will indicate it.
The Clerk then read the amendments.
Mr. DEAN demanded a separate vote upon
the fourth amendment, and demanded the yeas
and nays upon its adoption.
Mr. LETCHER demanded a separate vote
upon the sixth amendment.
Mr. KERR. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken, and decided m the
negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The amendments upon which a separate vote
had not been asked were then agreed to without
division.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
the adoption of the fourth amendment, upon
which the gentleman from New York demanded
a separate vote.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
Insert at the end of the third section, the following:
Provided, however. That the money arum;* from the sales
of the teserved sections, shall be paid over to tho<e States
which have received no grant of the public land6? tor inter-
nal improvements, according to their representation in
Congress.
Mr. DEAN. I demand the yeas and nays upon
its adoption.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the amendment, and decided in the affimative—
yeas 85, nays 84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Appleton, Ball, Bennett, Benson,
Boyce, Budges, Biook-s, Bugg, Carpenter, Ca^kie, Chan-
dler, Chase, Chattam, Chnsm'cin, Chngman, Cox, Crocker,
Cuilom, Thomas Davis, Dent, Dick, Dickinson, Edmands,
Edmundson, Everhart, Swing, Farley, Faulkner, Franklin,
Goode, Goodrich, Giey, Haven, Hiester, Hill, Howe, Daniel
T. Jones,Keitt,Kerr, Kidwell, Kittredge, Kurtz, Letcher,
McCulloch, McMullin, McQueen, Matteson, Maurice,
Meacliam, Middieswarth, Millson, Morgan, Morrison, M ur-
ray, Andrew Oliver, Bishop Perkins, Pratt, Pringlc, Pur-
year, Beady, Reese, David Ritchie, Rogers. Russell, Sabm,
Sage, Sewaid, Shaw, Simmons, William Smith, Snod-
grass, Stratton, Thurston, Tracy, Upbaru, Vail, Vanbant,
Wade, Walbndge, Walley, Israel Washburn, Tappan
Wentworth, Wheeler, and Zollicoffer—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Abeierombie, James C. Allen, Willis
Allen, Banks, Baiksdale, BisseU, Breckinridge, Campbell,
Caruthers, Clark, Cobb, Cook, Craige, John G. Davis,
Dawson, Dean, Disney, Dram, Dunbar, Eastman, Eddy,
Edgerton, Ellison, English, Gamble, Greenwood, Grow,
Hamilton, Andrew J. Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley
P. Harris, Harrison, Hastings, Hendricks, Henri, Houston,
Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, George W. Jones, Roland Jones,
Knox, Lane, Lind^ey, Macdonald, McDougall, McNair,
Macy, Maxwell, May, Mayall, John G. Miller, Smith Mil-
ler, Nichols, Noble, Norton, Olds, Mordeeai Oliver, Oir,
John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, lliehardson, Thomas
llitchey, Sapp, Seymour, Shannon, Shower, Singleton,
Gerrit Smith, Samuel A. Smith, George W. Smyth, Fred-
eiick P. Stanton, Hestor L. Stevens, Andrew Stuart, John
L. Taylor, Trout, Warren, Elhhu B. Washburne, Wells,
John Wentworth, Daniel B. Wright, Hendrick B. Wright,
and Yates—84.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was adopted, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was put; and, upon a division,
there were—ayes G9, noes 100.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion.
Mr. HENN. I demand tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
Upon seconding the demand for tellers, 24 gen-
tlemen voted in the affirmative; and the Speaker
decided that tellers were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit that 24
is not a sufficient number to order tellers.
The SPEAKER. The usual practice of the
House has been to consider 24-a sufficient number.
Mr. JONES. The rules of the House require
one fifth of a quorum to order tellers. Twenty-
four is a fifth of a quorum, but there may be
more than a quorum present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that
tellers are ordered, and appoints Messrs. Vail
and Faulkner as such.
jjrhft House was divided,and the tellers reported ;
3*n the affirmative—a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the negative—yeas 64, nays 104; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Banks.
Bisssell, Breckinndge, Campbell, Caruthors, Clark, Cobb,
Cook, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dis-
ney, Dunbar, Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton, Ellison, English,
Greenwood, Andrew J. Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Har-
rison, Hendricks,Ilenn, Johnson, George W. Jones, Roland
Jones, Keir, Knox, Lindsley, MoDougall, Macy, Matte-
son, Maxwell, John G. Miller, Nichols, Noble, Norton,
Olds, Mordecai Oliver, John Perkins, .Richardson, Thomas
lUloh«y, Hupp, Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, Singleton, Ger-
rit Smith, Samuel A. Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick
P. Stanton, Oe.-toi L. Stevens, John L Tavloi, Walbridge,
Wanen, Elhhu B. Washburne, Wells, John Wentvvouh,
Dame) B. Wright, IJenduckB. Wright, and Yates—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Aburcrombie, Aiken, Appleton, Ball,
Barksdiilo, Bennett, Benson, Boyoe, Bridges, Brooks,
Bugg, Carpenter, Caskie, Chandler, Chase,Cha^tauijChrw-
man. Chngman, Co\', Craige, Ciocker, Cuilom, Dent, Dick,
Dickinson, Drum, Edmands, Elliott, Eveihart, Ewmg, Far-
lev, Faulkner, Fiankhn, Fuller, Gamble, Goode, Goodrich,
Giey, Grow, Hamilton, Wiley P. Ilarns,Hastings, Haven,
Iliester, Hill, Houston, Howe, Ilughrs, Hunt, Daniel T.
Jnnpi!, Kent, Kidwell, Kitticdge, Knrlz, Lane, Letcher,
McCulloch, Macdonald, McMullin, MciVair, McQueen,
Matinee, May, Meaeham, Middleswarth, Millson, Morgan,
Morrison, Muriay, Andrew Oliver, Oir, Bishop Perkins,
Phelps, Phillips, Pratt, Prmgle, Purvear, Ready, Reese,
Datfid Ritchie, Bobbins, Rogers, Russell, Sabm, Sage, Sew-
ard, Shower, Simmons, Witlnuii Smith, Snodgra>s, Rieiiaid
II. Stanton, Stratton, Andrew Stuart, Thm ton, Tracy,
Trout, Upham, Vail, Yansant,Wade, Walley, Israel Wash-
bum, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, and Zoiltcofier—104.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on Mr. Kerr's motion
to lay upon the table the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was adopted.
Mr. PHILLIPS. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee I move to lay the
bill and all the amendments on the table.
Mr. HENN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was put, and it was decided in the
negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred upon the motion of Mr.
Jones, of Tennessee.
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN. Upon that motion
I demand die yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES. I withdraw my motion until the „
question has been taken on the. motion of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina.
[Loud cries of " No, no !" " Hold on!" and
great confusion.]
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
motion of the gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. DEAN. I move to lay the bill upon- the
table, and on that motion 1 demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. OLDS. I move that the House do now
adjourn, and on that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 69, nays 98; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Banks,
Barksdale, Bissell, Breckinridge, Campbell, Carutbers,
Clark, Cobb, Cook, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Daw-
son, Dean, Disney, Drum, Dunbar, Eastman, Eddy,Edger-
ton, Ellison, English, Gamble, Greenwood, Hamilton, An-
drew J. llarlan, Sampson W HariigrHarrison, Hendricks,
Henn, Hunt, Johnson, Geo. W./Jones,-Roland Jones, Knox,
Lmdfley, McDougall, Macy, Mntteson, Maxwell, John G.
Miller, Smith Miller, Nichols, Noble, NortonyO,!ds. Mor-
decai Ohvei,John Perkins, Phelps, Richardsrtn^ Thomas
Ritchey, Sapp, Shannon, Singleton, Gemt Smith, George
W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Hestor L. Stevens, John
L. Taylor, Thmston, Walbndge, Warren, Ellihju B. Waeh-
burne, Wells, John Wentworth, Daniel B.Wnght, Hen-
drick B. Wright, andYates—69.
NAYS—Me>srs. Abeierombie, Aiken, Appleton, Ball,
Bennett, Benson, Boyce, Bridges, Brooke, Bugg, Carpenter,
Caskie, Chandler, Chase, Chastain, Cluisman, Chngman,
Cox, Craige, Crocker, Cuilom, Dent, Dick, Dickinson,
Edmand-5, Edmundson, Elliott, Everhart, Ewmg. Farley,
Faulkner, Franklin, Fullei, Goode,Goodrich,Grey,Grow,
Wiley P. Hains, Hastings, Haven, Hiester, Hill, Houston,
Howe, Hiiiihesj Daniel T. Jones, J. Glarity Jones. Keitt,
Kerr, Kidwell, Kittredge, Kurtz, Lane, Letcher, McCul-
loch, McMullin, McNair, McQueen, Maurice, May,
Mcacham. Middleswaith, Millson, Morgan, Morrison,
Murrav, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Bi&hop Peikms, Pratt, Prm-
gle, Puryear, Reese, David Ritchie,Rogers,Russell, Sahln,
Sa«e, Seward, Shaw, Shower, Simmons, William Smith,
Snodgrass, Richard H. Stanton, Stratton, Andrew Smart,
Tracy, Trout, Upham,Vail, Vansant, Wade, Walley, Israel
Washburn, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, and Zollicoffer
—98.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
the motion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Dean] to lay the bill upon the table, and on that
motion the yeas and nays have been demanded.
Mr. HENN. I rise to what I suppose to be a
privileged question. I move that when thisHouae
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday next;
and on that motion I now demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That motion isnot
privileged in its character. I would inquire of the
Chair whether it is in order? There is already a
motion pending upon which the yeas and nays
have been demanded.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Virginia that it would have been
m order for the gentlemen from Iowa [Mr. Hf.nn]
to have submitted his motion even after the yeas
and nays had been ordered on the motion of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Dean.]
Mr. HENN. The motion to adjourn over,
though not a privileged one, is always in order.
Mr. SMITH. If the Chair will allow me: the
gentleman from Iowa got the floor by rising to a
privileged question.
Mr. IIENN. I will make an explanation to
the gentleman from Virginia. I rose to what I
supposed to be a privileged question. I got the
floor—that was enough—and made the motion.
Mr. SMITH. I hold that the gentleman from
Iowa has no right, under such an allegation as
that, to make his motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair entertains the
motion of the gentleman from Iowa. He could
have made it, as 1 have said, even though the
yeas and nays had been ordered on the motion of
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. SMITH. A motion to adjourn could be
made then; but I suppose & motion to adjourn for
a snecified time would not take precedence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that it would.
Mr. LETCHER. Are there not more than
three days between this and Monday?
Mr. HENN. Sunday is no day.
Mr. LETCUEIt. Does not the gentleman
diaw his pay for Sunday? If he does not, then
Sunday is no day.
