nm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3.
of private life arid made a general. So with the
President of the United States. He was taken
from private life and made a general. I might go
on with an interminable list of such cases in the
Army. You have done the same thing in the
Navy. I will refer to one case. You took a
French officer, and incorporated him into the
American Navy into the same position which he
had held in the French Navy:
' "The marine committee, to whom was referred the
letter from Baron Steube , recommending Captain Lan-
dais, report, that they have had a conference with Captain
Landais; that he produced brevet commissions of his being
a lieutenant and captain in the navy of France, also a Co%
tinental commission, dated March 1, 1777, appointing him
captain of the ship Reureaux, or Flammand, which com-
mission is accompanied with a letter from Silas Deane,
Esq." * * * 0 *
" That Mr. Deane, in letters ;to the marine committee,
recommends Mr. Landais in the strongest terms." * *
« Resolved, That Captain Landais be continued as a cap-
tain in the Navy of the United States."— Journals of Con-
gress, J2, JD., 1778, p. 547.
No complaint was made of that. No cry of
injustice was heard then. That any man in the
American Navy should be now found raising his
voice in opposition to this proposition is a matter
of astonishment to me. This proposition is sim-
ply to increase the Navy by the number of eight
officers. That is all. You are increasing, with-
out objection, your officers in all the civil depart-
ments of life and in the Army. Why may you
not incorporate eight men into the Navy of the
United States without perpetrating an injustice on
the Navy of the United States? Are we not bound,
as a just and generous people, to do it? When
you annexed Texas to the United States you had
power, with her consent, to do it. Here were
two sovereignties combining together to accom-
plish a great national purpose, the amalgamation
of two Republics. Now, are we prepared to say
that the little remnant of her gallant navy, which
helped to secure the liberties of that Republic, the
benefits of which you and J are enjoying to-day,
shall be turned loose upon the world, divested of
their profession at an advanced period of life, to
Reek some new avocation, or to starve and die of
penury or neglect? Is that compatible with the
dignity, the magnanimity, the generosity of a lib-
eral and enlightened people—of a constituency
such as yours and mine?
Mr. President, I have not the strength to pro-
long this debate, and I feel that it would be a tres-
pass on the Seriate to do it; but there are a few
other points on which I must touch before 1 con-
clude. Another question for our consideration is,
whether the men proposed to be incorporated into
the American Navy are worthy of such incorpo-
ration ? If I believed that a single one of this num-
ber was unworthy of association with the officers*
of the American Navy, I should be prepared to
exclude him and to incorporate the remnant. I
believe, however, that no charges have been pre-
ferred against any of (hem save one, and that one
is Commodore Moore. As I said before, I shall
have nothing to do with private quarrels between
him and others; but so far as the charges against
him are of a public character, and connected with
the records of the country I have and shall have
something to do.
It has been alleged tfl&t this man is unworthy
of association with the American Navy, that he
has been guilty of deeds which render him ob-
noxious to the censure of every honorable man,
and of every patriot. What are the charges
against him ? One is that he has been guilty of
murder. Upon what ground is that charge at-
*• tempted to be maintained ? I have before me the
records of the country; 1 have looked into them,
and they show the facts which I will state.
There was a mutiny on board one of the ships
of the Texan navy, a ship upon which Commo-
dore Moore was not present, and which he did
not command. That mutiny occurred in the port
of New Orleans. The lieutenant of the vessel
was killed, and two or three of its officers were
wounded. The men were arrested by the author-
ities of New Orleans, and placed in prison. That
fact was communicated to the Government of
Texas, and the President of Texas issued an
order to the authorities of Louisiana to surrender
those men who were charged with this mutiny
and murder, as will be seen by the following au-
thentic record:
Department of War and Marine, (
Septetnber 15,1842. \
Sir: Your communication of ihe 7th instant, with the
accompanying correspondence had between yourself and
his Excellency, A. B. Roman, Governor of the State of
Louisiana, upon thp subject of the detention, by the au-
thorities of that State, of sundry prisoners, (Texas sea-
men,) charged with mutiny on board the schooner of war
San Antonio, while lying in the Mississippi river, in the
month of February last, and the murder of some of the
officers of said vessel, at the same time and place, have
been laid before his Excellency, the President, and he has
issued the desired demand or requisition upon his Excel-
lency, A. B. Roman, which is herewith inclosed.
Upon the delivery of the prisoners to you, or as soon
thereafter as the testimony of the witnesses can be pro-
cured, you will order a court martial for their trial; in the
prosecution of which, the regulations of the service and
the laws of the land will be strictly enforced.
(Signed by the Secretary of War and Marine.)
To E. W. Moore, Esq.,
Post Captain, Commanding Texas Navy. j
SAM HOUSTON, . ;
In the name and by the authority of the Republic of ;
Texas, to his Excellency, A. B. Koman, Governor of the ;
State of Louisiana, of the United States of America—
Greeting: By virtue of a communication received from E.
W. Moore, Esq., commanding the Texas Navy, under
date of the 7th instant, I am placed in pof-session of a cor-
respondence between your Excellency and himself, rela-
tive to certain individuals, refugees from justice, who are
charged as mutineers on board the schooner San Antonio,
a Texan vessel of war, and as murderers ol one of the offi-
cers of said vessel, during the month of February last, then
in the port of New Orleans.
The names of the individuals arc Seymour Oswald, T.
O. Shepherd, J. Allen, William Harrington, James Hudg-
ins, William Simpson, Edward Keener, Benjamin Pom-
pilly, and Edward Williams, who are now held as prison-
ers in the Stale of Louisiana.
Your Excellency is hereby requested (and a respectful
demand is made) to deliver to Commodore E. W. Moore
the above-named men, and all who may be implicated, in
order that they may be dealt with in accordance with the
laws which they are charged to have so grossly violated.
Given under my hand and the Great Seal of the Repub-
r lie, at the city of Houston, the 12tli day of Septem-
[L. s.J jj 1842, and of the Independence of the TCepuhlic
the seventh. SAM HOUSTON.
Under the order of the Government of Texas,
they were surrendered, and an order was issued -
to the commodore to try the men on the charges
which were preferred against them. A court :
martial was ordered. They werearraigned. Coun- j
sel were employed to defend them. They were i
tried and convicted. What remained for the com- ]
modore to do? Here was a command from the j
President of Texas to the Governor of Louisiana 1
to surrender the men, and he did surrender them, j
Here was an order to the commodore for a court j
martial to tfy them. A court martial was ordered,
and they were tried and convicted. What, 1 ask
any honorable man, remained for the commodore
to do, but to execute the law? For executing
that law he is denounced as a murderer. Will
you go into your own Navy, and proclaim to the
world that the officer who executes the sentence of
a court-martial is a murderer ?
Those men were adjudged to be guilty. No one
pretends to assert that they were not guilty.
They were fairly tried. They were condemned.
They w/sre executed as they should have been
executed. I have the testimony of Mr. Morgan,
who was appointed by the authorities of Texas
to go and control the movements of the vessels
which the commodore commanded. He was
there upon the day of execution, and he declares
that it was conducted with the utmost fairness and
liberality, and with the greatest feeling of regret
consistent with the honest and faithful execution
of a sworn duty; which will appear by the follow-
ing from the records of the special court ordered
by the Texas Congress to try Commodore Moore:
Texas Si,oop-of-War Austin, ;
August 18, I84H. $
Commodore E. W.Moore :
Sir: We, the President and members, ot the court-tnar-
tial, convened for the trial of Frcdcnck Shepherd and oth-
ers, have the honor to transmit to you the accompa nying
documents, heinga true record of the evidence and minutes
of the court.
Tn discharge of the painful duty and the awful responsi-
bilities imposed upon us, we have endeavored to confine
ourselves strictly to the law governing courts-martial, and
j to the evidence that has been brought before us, and we
have duly deliberated upon the verdicts returned.
j In the trial of Frederick Shepherd, we are of opinion that
I there is no evidence before the court to prove that he was
i aware that a mutiny was to take place, or that he was in
] a situation to aid or assist in quelling one on the night of
; its occurrence. We have, therefore, found the prisoner
j not guilty, and recommend his d^charge.
\ Of the prisoners Antonio Landois, James Isaac
Allen, and William Simpson, we have only to say that we
deem the evidence elicited at the trial of each and every
one of them sufficiently clear and distinct to convict them
each of the various charges and specifications preferred
against them, and we have therefore sentenced them to
death.
We beg to call your attention to the evidence in the case
of William Barringtcn, from which you will find that he
was deeply engaged in the mutiny on board ihe San Anto-
nio; but it also appears in the evidence that he informed
one of the officers that it was to take place. In conse-
quence of this information, the court have sentenced him
to receive one hundred lashes with the cats.
Of the evidence in the case of John Williams and Ed-
ward Keenan, we think it unnecessary to make any com-
ments. Williams, you will find, is strongly recommended
to mercy.
Very respectfully, &c,,
(Signed by the five officers comprising the court.)
From the testimony of Commissioner James Morgan.
" Question 19.—You will please state to the court my
conduct as commander of the Austin, from the time we left
New Orleans to our arrival otf the coast of Yucatan and
meeting the enemy, and particularly in relation to the muti-
neers and murderers who had been tried by court martial be-
fore we left New Orleans, and for carrying out the sentence
of said court martial I am accused of murder?
11 Answer. The conduct of Commodore Moore, onboard
theAustin, was such asl should have expected from a com-
mander of a fleet—rather more perfect than I should have
expected from a man of his age. He was very particular
m his discipline, and appeared to understand every discip-
line necessary on hoard a man-of-war—the crew were ex-
ercised twice a day at the guns, and instructed in all the
arts of naval warfare that it was necessary for them to know,
so far as I could judge.
" With regard to the mutineers, the third or fourth day
after we were out they were brought forward, one at a time;
the officers and crew all assembled to hear their sentences
read; which were read aloud by Commodore Moore him-
self, in presence of all on board. The laws lor the govern-
ment of the navy were also read. After the sentence of
each one was read, he gave notice to those who were to be
executed, to prepare themselves for death; that he gave
them to the next day to do so. When the officers and crew
were all assembled, and the prisoners brought up for execu-
tion, Commodore Moore read the rules and regulations for
the government of the navy, and the punishment mutineers
were subject to. He then stated to those who were con-
demned to be hanged, that they had been fairly tiied by a
com t martial selected for the purpose, and had able coun-
sel assigned them to defend them; that aftei a patient in-
vestigation of the whole affair, they were condemned to the
punishment of death, which he, a? the officer in command,
was bound by his oath, and the l«uvs> of his country, to see
executed; that it was the first time m Ins life he had ever
to do anything of the sort, and he hoped to God it would be
the last. He afterwards made some feeling remarks, at
which everybody within his hearing was very sensibly
affected.
" On the next day, at twelve o'clock, the ship was hove
to, and the four condemned to be hung wore accordingly
hung up at the yard-arm till they were dead, when they
were taken down, prayers read over each separately, and
they were cast into the sea."
But, sir, more than this. When Commodore
Moore returned to the ports of his own Govern-
ment, he surrendered himself to its authorities
and demanded a trial upon the charges of murder,
piracy, and defalcation, and other charges of a
grave character preferred against him. The Con-
gress of Texas accorded to him a committee of
investigation, and I have the result of that com-
mittee's investigation before me, which I will not
trouble the Senate by reading, but will refer to,
and publish in my remarks, because the investi-
gation is so full, clear, and conclusive, that Com-
modore Moore might well rest his vindication
on this report of the joint naval committees of
both houses of the Texas Congress, which com-
mences on page 348, of the printed Journals of
the House of Representatives of the Eighth Con-
gress of that Republic; as follows:
The joint naval committee, by Levi Jone% one of said
committee, made the following report; which was read, viz:
To the President of the Senate, and
Speaker of the House of Representatives :
The undersigned, members of the Committee of the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives on Naval Affdns, acting
conjointly, by the order of their lespective Houses, on thp
memorial of Edwin W.Moore, late of the Texas navy, have,
so far as the time allowed them from the discharge of other
duties permitted, given to the matters involved in it that
careful and deliberate consideration which seemed to he re-
quired ; first, by their importance, and secondly, by the high
official station and reputation of the functional les and indi-
viduals whose acts have thus become the subject of inquiry,
and they beg leave to report, as the result of their investiga-
tion—
That on the 19th of July, 1343, Post Captain Edwm W.
Moore, then in command of the navy of Tex us was, by
order of the President, dishonorably discharged from the
naval service of the Republic," as appears by a letter ad-
dressed to fiim from Washington, of that date, hparing the
signature of G. W. Hill, Secretary of War and Marine.
Upon looking at this " order of the President," a* commu-
nicated by his " Secretary of War and Marine," the first
inquiry to which the joint committee directed its attention
was, as to the authority of the President to make it. In a
Government possessing no powet except such as is conferred
by the Constitution and laws of the land, the undersigned
believe that no citizen can be deprived of a franchise or
right, except by the express authority of law; nor even then
can it be done in accordance with the spirit of our institu-
tions until after a full and fair investigation, before a com-
petent tribunal, where the party has had an opportunity of
being heard in his defense.
In this case, Captain Moore was dismissed from a service
