1302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
intended to be a liberal one, for the country was
then almost a wilderness. It was satisfactory
to the alien at that time, and should be so now.
Any attempt to modify it, or to denounce those
who are willing to stand by it, on the part of the
emigrants, will create a counter sentiment, highly
injurious to them. The statistics of emigration
show that up to 1840, only one million of emi-
grants had arrived in the country; now we receive
annually, near four hundred thousand. During
the next three years, we will receive as many as
we did for thirty-five years prior to 1840. I have
no feeling of hostility to them. I want them to
come here and enjoy religious and political free-
dom, protection to person and property, and in
due season to become citizens and take part in the
government; to vote and to hold office. Any man
■who pretends anything more for them is not their
true friend. The wise portion of them do not
■wish any thing more themselves. Up to the
present time foreigners came here to be American-
ized, not to un-Americanize us. But, I confess I
have witnessed some recent demonstrations that
do not pletfse me. The movements of Kossuth
in this country did him no C! edit, and since he re-
turned, he has issued an address to the German
people of this country to take action against the
Senate of the United States for rejecting a gentle-
man nominated by the President for consul at
London. German meetings have been held in
different parts of the United States to denounce
those who support this bill, and i believe they
went so far, in some places, as to burn the hon-
orable and distinguished Senator from Illinois in
effigy. But, sir, I do not hold the great mass of
them responsible for these acts. The honest and
industrious German does not wish to meddle un-
seasonably in politics, nor does the generous and
warm-hearted Irishman whoaeheart beats respon-
sive to the bold anthem of " Erm-go-braugh."
Those who set themselves up for leaders among
them, who claim to be the special guardians of
their rights, who pretend to have the same religion
that they have, tnat they may sell them out in
election times, either for money or office, are their
worst enemies. I have seen a good many claim
office on the allegation that they influenced this
or that portion of the alien vote, and threaten
those in power with the displeasure of the voteis
of foreign birth if they were not gratified. Did
we not see General Scott, the gallant old chief,
who fought during the war of 1812 upon our
northern frontier, and who had carried the stars
and stripes of our country in triumph to the halls
of the Montezumas, talking during the last presi-
dential canvass about the " rich Irish brogue, and
the sweet German accent." It was a humiliating
spectacle. For my part, sir, I do not wish to see
our candidates making appeals either tooragainst
any portion of our emigrant population. I wish
them to feel as American citizens, and act as such
at the proper time. But when they hold separate
meetings, why, of course, they induce native-born
American citizens to hold meetings and organize
against them.
Mr. President, I think I have pretty clearly
shown that the spirit of the Constitution, and
sound policy, require aliens to become citizens
under the clause of the Constitution I have referred
to, and the act of Congress passed in pursuance
thereof, before claiming the right to vote. Our
own people, moving from one State to another,
cannot vote in the State into which they move
until they have resided therein for some time, and
paid tax. In most of the States it is two years;
m some one year, and in a few six months. Some
time is supposed to be necessary to enable them
to become acquainted with the laws and the people
among whom they reside. I will now proceed to
show that the section, as it comes to us from the
House, is a departure from previous legislation.
The celebrated ordinance of 1787, organizing
the Northwestern Territory, prior to the adoption
of the Constitution, contained this provision. The
Southwestern Territory was afterwards organized
with a similar provision:
u Provided, That no person be eligible oi qualifier! to net
as a representative unless ho shall have been a citizen of
one of Mm United Slates three years, and be a resident in
the district, or wiles* he shaHluive resided m the distnct
throe yeaia, and in eiiher ease shall likewise hold in lsis
own rmht, in iee-smjp!e, two hundred acres of land within
The same : Provided, a ho, That a freehold in fifty acres of
land in the di^rricf, having been o citizen of out of (he States,
and being resident in the district, or the-like freehold and
two years residence in the district, shall be necessary to
qualify a man as an elector of a representative."
In 1808 Congress passed the act alluded to by
the honorable Senator from Maryland. It not
only required citizenship, but a certain amount of
property. It reads as follows:
" That every free white male person in the Mississippi
Territory, above the age of twenty-one years, having been
a citizen of the United Slates, and resident in the saidTer-
ritoiy, one year next preceding an election of lepresenta-
tives, and who has a legal or equitable title to a tract of
land, by virtue of any act of Congress, or who may become
the purchaser of any tract of land from the United States
of the quantity of fifty acres, or who may hold in his own
right, a town lot of the value of one hundred dollars within
the said Territrry, shall be entitled to vote for representa-
tives to the General Assembly of betid Territory."
In 1819 Congress authorized the people of the
Territory of Michigan to elect a Delegate to Con-
gress, and then a slight departure took place, but
still not so great as is now proposed. A residence
of one year, and the payment of a tax, was re-
quired to qualify an inhabitant of the Territory to
vote. The section under consideration neither
requires prior residence, payment of tax, nor evi-
dence of intention to remain in the Territory, or
naturalization. The following is the law to which
I refer:
"Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That every fiee
white male citizen of said Territory, above the age of
twenty-one years, who shall iiave resided therein one year
next preceding an election, and who shall have paid a
dounty or territorial tax, snail be entitled to vote at such
election for a Delegate to the Congress of the United Slates,
m such manner, and at such tunes and places, as shall bo
prescribed by the Governor and judges of said Territory."
In 1836 Congress organized the Territory of
Wisconsin,'and in 1838 the Territory of Iowa.
The territorial law passed for Iowa is in the same
language as that contained in the Wisconsin bill.
The filth section of both contains a significant
proviso:
"Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, That every free
white male ciU/.en of the United States, above the age of
twenty-one years, who shall have been an inhabitant of said
Territory at the lime of its organization, shall be entitled
to vote at the first election and shall be eligible to any office
within the said Territory; but the qualifications of voters
at all subsequent elections fhall be such as thai! be de-
termined by Ihe .Legislative Assembly : Provided, That the
right of suffrage shall be cxcrcUcd only by citizens oj the
United Stales
In 1848 the Territory of Oregon was organized,
and then a still greater departure took place; but
still the law required a residence in the Territory
at the time of the passage of the act, and in this re-
spect it differs from the legislation now proposed.
Then, sir, we come to the.legislation contained
in the compromise measures of 1850. There has
been a great misrepresentation in legard to the
legislation upon this subject in the two bills organ-
izing the Teiritories of Utah and New Mexico.
It has been represented, over and over again, that
both of these Territories have been organized in
such a manner as to give the inhabitants, whether
native-born, naturalized, or unnaturalized, the right
to vote. It is not so. The bill organizing the
Territory of New Mexico was approved on the
9th of September, 1850; the Utah bill was ap-
proved the same day. This provision is contained
in both:
" Sue. 6. And belt further enacted, Thatevery free white
male inhabitant, above the age of twenty-one years, who
shall have been a resident of said Territory at the time of
the passage of this act, shall be entitled to vote at the first
election, and shall be eligible to any offiec within the said
Territory ; but the qualifications of voters and of holding
office, at all subsequent elections, shall be such as shall be
prescribed by the Legislative As.^emhtv: Provided, That
the right of suffrage, and of holding office, shall !>e exeycised
only by citizens oj the United States^inctudin^ those i ecog-
nized as citizens by the treaty with the Republic of Mlccico,
concluded Feb nary H3 1848.
i am justified, therefore, in saying that the pro-
posed legislation is not only contrary to the pro-
visions and spirit of the Constitution, and to
sound policy, but it is contrary to the weight of
precedent upon the subject. I believe we have
organized eighteen Territories, and in a majority
of them the right to vote is confined to citizens of
the United States. In 1838, on the question of
the admission of Michigan as a State, Mr. Cal-
houn and Mr. Clay both contended, especially
Mr. Calhoun, that even a State could not be ad-
mitted into the Union whose constitution author-
ized unnaturalized aliens to vote. There seemed
to be no doubt in the mind of either that unnatu-
ralized persons should not be permitted to vote in
the Territories.
What do we propose to do now ? It is proposed
to pay millions for this territory to extinguish the
Indian title. We paid five millions to extinguish
the Indian title in Minnesota. We piopose now
to pay millions to extinguish the Indian title in
Nebraska and Kansas; and we are asked to turn
over the government of bo'th Territories into the
hands of foreigners, and thus permit them to lay
the foundation of two States. And we are also
asked by the advocates of the homestead bill to
give each one a farm besides.
Mr. President, in view of what has taken place
upon this Nebraska and Kansas bill, well disposed
persons may well inquire whether Congress is
capable of legislating on any subject where sla-
very and the rights of aliens may be called in
question. There seems to me to be a quailing
before the spirit of Abolitionism and a foreign in-
fluence, which may well suggest the inquiry to
which I have just alluded. The exc'tementaoout
slavery in the Nebraska country shows that na-
tions, as well as individuals, are more troubled
about imaginary than real evils. I have been
denounced all over my own State by the open or
secret enemies of this bill, or by those whose
malice against me has long had the upper hand of
their sense of justice, as voting to disfranchise
aliens, and as being the only Senator from a free
State who voted for the Clayton amendment.
Well, sir, it is true that I am the only Senator
from a free State who voted for it—and what of
it ? A majority of my brother Senators voted for
it, and a majority of the Democrats of this body.
The Free-Soil, or Abolition Senators, as they are
called, of course, voted against it. I voted with
the distinguished Senators from Virginia.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will they vote with you now ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not know whether
they will or not. I do not ask who is going to
vote with me or against me. I inquire whether it
is right, as I did when the Wilmot proviso was
first presented. I stood almost single-handed and
alone against that. I do not care who votes with
me on this amendment. It is right. It is right
and just to the aliens themselves. It is for the
purpose of maintaining the Constitution and the
rights of American citizens, and I will vote for it,
Lie the consequences to myself what they may. 1
know that my course may be misrepresented be-
fore the alien voters, and that I may thus incur
their displeasure; but I will do my duty, and incur
the hazard. When the amendment was first pro-
posed by the honorable Senator from Delaware, it
was late at night. I was acting as the Presiding
Officer, and could not give the reasons by which
I was influenced. I have endeavored to do so now,
and respectfully submit them to the consideration
of the Seriate, and those 1 have the honor to rep-
resent on this floor.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, this question
having been very fully discussed by the Senate on
a former occasion, I shall not enter into any length
of argument on it; but there are some observa-
tions which fell from the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania which seem to require a word of
comment.
The Senator has got himsef into a great error in
supposing that this is in any sense a constitutional
question. He "has reached that point by con-
founding two very different things—naturalization
and the right of suffrage. Naturalization gives
nobody a right of voting in the United States.
That is a question regulated by the different States
of the Union. Originally, shortly after the Revo-
lution, a large class of citizens of the United States
were excluded from the ballot-box. I doubt
whether, immediately after the Revolution, one
half of the free white citizens voted in the United
States. Virginia excluded all who had not a free-
hold qualification; and I believe all the States of the
Union had other qualifications besides mere citi-
zenship; and, therefore, the naturalization Jaw of
1802 in no wise affects this question, and the con-
stitutional point raised by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania passes away. Making a man a citizen
gives him no right to vote; and givinghim a right
to vote does not make him a citizen. Although
the general principle in the United States is that
none but citizens do vote, (and I concur in the cor-
rectness of the opinions expressed by the honor-
able Senator from Maryland on that subject,) yet
it is not a universal sentiment in those States.
Several States of the Union allow foreigners to
vote.
1 do not think the Senator from Pennsylvania
