592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9.
[Cries of "Order!"]
Mr. KERR. I move to lay the motion to ad-
journ over until Monday on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
The yeas and nays were then ordered on the
motion to adjourn. The question was then put;
and decided in the negative—yeas 3, nays 130.
So the motion to adjourn till Monday was not
agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Orr.) The
question now recurs on the motion of the gentle-
man from New York to lay on the table.
Mr. ENGLISH. Mr. Speaker, it is now five
o'clock, and I therefore move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question on the motion to adjourn was then
put; and 62 voted in the affirmative.
Mr. CHR1SMAN. 1 demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; only'
23 members voting for them.
Mr. OLDS. Count the other side.
The SPEAKER. It is not necessary to count
the other side, for twenty-three is not one fifth of
a quorum.
Mr. CLINGMAN. T call for tellers upon the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. OLDS. I rise to a question of order. I
called for a count of the other side on the demand
for the yeas and nays. The Chair decided that
one fifth of a quorum had not voLed. My point
of order is, that it is not necessary to have a quo-
rum to adjourn. That is one of the things which,
under the Constitution, you can do without a
quorum; and that being so, one fifth of those pres-
ent can demand the yeas and nays, though there
is not a quorum present.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The ground upon
which the Chair placed his decision was that the
demand of the gentleman was not made in time.
The Chair stated that only twenty-three voted in
the affirmative, and that he did not think that was
a sufficient number, and then announced that the
yeas and nays were not ordered. Then the gen-
tleman from Ohio demanded to have the other side
counted.
Mr. OLDS. But the reason which the Chair
gave was, that one-fifth of a quorum had not
voted.
Tellers were then ordered on the motion to ad-
journ; and Messrs. Vail and Phillips were ap-
pointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes CO, noes 78.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that when this
House adjourn it adjourn to meet on Monday
next, and upon that motion I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 8, nays 103.
No quorum voting.
Mr. OLDS. I move that the House do nowad-
journ.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move a call of the !
House.
Mr. OLDS. The previous question has been
seconded, and the main question ordered to be put;
and a call of the House is therefore not now in
order.
The SPEAKER -pro tempore. The Chair can-
not entertain a motion for a call of the House.
The last paragraph of the 50th rule reads as fol-
lows:
" On a motion for the previous question, and prior to the
t.i'( omliiiK of thi! same, a call of the Iloii«o shull bo in order;
luit after a majority shall have .seconded such motion, no
call shall be in order prior to a decision of the ream ques-
tion. "
Mr. CRAIGE. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. DEAN. I move to lay the appeal upon
the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Chaise] to
withdraw his appeal. Certainly, no gentleman
who has listened to the rending of the rule will
vote to overrule the decision of the Chair.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay the appeal upon the
table.
Mr LANE, of Indiana. I withdraw my mo-
tion for a call of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question now
is upon the motion made by the gentleman from
Ohio, IMr. Olds,] that the House adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, twenty-
one gentlemen only rising.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It does not re-
quire one fifth of a quorum to order the yeas and
nays upon amotion to adjourn; but one fifth of
those present can order them.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There was not
one fifth of those present who desired the yeas
and nays.
The question was then taken; and, upon a di-
vision, there were—ayes 50, noes 70.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. CRAIGE. I understand the question now
to be upon the motion of my colleague, [Mr.
Kerr,] to lay upon the table the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which his amendment was
adopted; and I ask that the Chair put the question
upon that motion before entertaining any other.
The SPEAKER. There are other questions
pending which must first be taken. The question
now is upon the motion that the bill and amend-
ments be laid upon the table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is stating a ques-
tion of order. The question first in order is upon
the motion to lay on the table; which motion the
Chair will put to the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is to that point I rise.
A motion was before the House to adjourn over
until Saturday. Upon that motion, the yeas and
nays having been taken, there appeared no quo-
rum voting. The motion was not, therefore, dis-
! posed of, and I submit that nothing else is in order
1 until it has been disposed of.
The SPEAKER. A majority of the members
voting upon the motion to which the gentleman
from Illinois alludes were in the negative. The
subsequent action of the House shows that a quo-
rum is present, and the motion is therefore lost.
Mr. OLDS. No quorum voted upon the mo-
tion to adjourn over, and the question, therefore,
certainly could not have been decided. I subrs^
that a quorum having appeared, the question must
first be taken upon that motion again.
Mr. GREY. I rise to a question of order. My
question of order is that the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Richardson] had no right to address
the Chair when he was dividing the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Kentucky. The gentleman from Illinois had the
right to raise his question of order.
Mr. B1SSELL. I wish to say that the House
has no information, officially, that a quorum is
present. That fact has not been officially an-
nounced.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides, that there
is a quorum present, as indicatedby acount of the
House upon the motion to adjourn.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 only want to state my
question of order so as to have it understood by
the Chair, and have it decided. I submit that the
proposition upon which the yeasand nays showed
that there was no quorum voting has not yet been
disposed of. That is now before the House, and
is the question pending.
Mr. CRAIGE. I call the gentleman from Illi-
nois to order. The Chair has decided that a quo-
rum is here, and therefore the gentleman is out of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
rose to a question of order, as he had the right to
do, and is now stating it. The Chair decides that
j a quorum is present, and if that is the gentleman's
point he overrules it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Let me ask the Chair
upon what question it appeared that no quorum
voted ?
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
| is upon the floor, stating a question of order, which
must first be disposed of.
Mr. LETCHER. But my question of order
has reference to the gentleman from Illinois. The
i Chair has already decided the question raised by
him, and if he is not satisfied with the decision
let him take an appeal.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
has not been allowed to go on long enough yet to
state what his question is. That is what the Chair
is trying to understand.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The point I make is
this: A motion was made that when this House
adjourn it adjourn to meet on Saturday next. The
question was taken upon that proposition, and no
quorum voted. Less than a quorum cannot ad-
journ over. That proposition, therefore, has not
been decided by the House; it is the question
now before the House, and must be taken by yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion, that
inasmuch as the motion to adjourn over until
Saturday has not been decided by a majority of
the House, it is still pending, and must first be
taken. Upon which question the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. CRAIGE. I rise to a question of order.
That question has once been taken by yeas and
nays, and cannot again be taken in that manner,
unless the yeas and nays are again ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was under a mis-
apprehension. The yeas and nays had not been
ordered. They were ordered on a previous vote,
but that order had been exhausted.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the Speaker hear
me? The question upon the motion to adjourn
over until Saturday was taken by yeas and nays,
and on that vote there were—yeas 6, nays 103.
It requires 118 to make a quorum. There was
no quorum voting, and that is the question now
before the House.
The SPEAKER. No vote upon it having been
taken, the Chair was right in the first instance,
and the Clerk will call the roll.
Mr. SAGE. I wish to inquire of the chairman
of the Committee of Claims [Mr. Ebgerton] if
he really desires the House to adjourn over till
Saturday ? Because, if so, I hope the House will
gratify him by agreeing to the motion.
Mr. MEACHAM. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
until the pending question is disposed of as it has
priority of a motion to adjourn.
The Clerk then commenced the call of the roll,
and proceeded as far as the name of James C.
Allen, without any response being made.
Mr. HENN. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The call of the roll has com-
menced; but as no member has answered to his
name, the gentleman from Iowa can state his point
of order.
Mr. HENN. 1 desire to inquire of the Chair
if the roll has not already been once called under
this order of the yeas and nays?
The SPEAKER. Yes; it has.
Mr. HENN. Can it be called immediately af-
ter that, no business having intervened?
The SPEAKER. The former vote was inop-
erative, from the fact that there was not a majority
of the House voting.
Mr. HENN. Then is any motion in order but
a motion to adjourn, or any business in order but
to adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point Of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I take an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Iowa.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Will the Chair state what
that question of mder is?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
makes this question: that the yeas and nays were
ordered upon the previous vote, and the House
proceeded to take that vote. He insists now that
the yeas and nays must be ordered again before
the Clerk can proceed to call the roll. The Chair
decides that the former vote was inoperative. In-
asmuch as no quorum voted, of course that vote
could be of no effect.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope the gentleman
from Iowa will withdraw that point; there is an-
other which I desire to submit.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. HENN. 1 cannot withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Washburn] appeals from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. WASHBURN. I appeal from the deci-
sion of the Chair upon the ground that inasmuch
