1304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
only is this matter left to the States, because it
is not delegated to the Congress of the United
States, bat it is expressly left to the States by the
Constitution itself. Congress cannot, if they
would, restrict the States in the exercise of this
attribute, left to them not only impliedly, but ex-
pressly. Then we come to the next provision on
this subject:
" The Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two Senators from each State"—
Chosen how? In a manner pointed out by the
Constitution? Certainly. But it is left indefinite,
to be regulated where? In the*States:
" Chosen by the Legislative thereof, for six years."
This is the provision in regard to the qualifica-
tions of those who are to choose the Senators.
We have already seen that the Constitution leaves
the qualifications of the electors to the very per-
sons who are to choose the Senators, the State
Legislatures. The Constitution expressly refers
the whole subject to the States.
The next provision is in regard to choosing
electors of President and Vice President; and, in
reference to that subject, it is provided that
" Each State shall appoint, in melt manner as the Legis-
lature thereof may direct, a number of electors," &c.
Thus, again, expressly referring the matter to
the State sovereignties. Then, sir, when the
Senator from Pennsylvania claims that we are, in
any sense of the word, infringing either the letter
or the spirit of the Constitution by the provisions
of the bill as it now stands, he is very greatly
mistaken. It is a matter entirely for the States;
and if the Territories are to be assimilated to the
States, if they are to be viewed as occupying the
same position, you should leave the subject to
them. The Territories are viewed by some of us,
in regard to the subject of slavery, as occupying
the same position as the States, [f they are to be
viewed in the same light in all respects, then
unqualifiedly I would say Congress has no right
to prescribe who shall or who shall not vote
either at the first, or at any subsequent election;
but it is a matter which should be left entirely to
the Territories; and, in that point of view, even
the limitations that are put in the bill as it comes
from the House of Representatives may be con-
sidered an infraction, not of a principle of the
Constitution, but of its express letter; for we do
tnke upon ourselves now, to some extent, to pre-
scribe the qualifications of electors in these Ter-
ritories by this provision, which is contained in
the bill:
'■Every free white male inhabitant above the ase of
twenty-one years, who shall be an actual resilient ot said
Territory, and shall possess the unahlieations hereinafter
prescribed, shall be entitled to vole at Hie first election, and
*hall ho eligible to any oiiiee wnlnn the said Territory;
but the qualifications of voters and of holding ollice at nil
subsequent elections, shall be such as >hall he prescribed
by the Legislative Assembly."
That would leave the Legislative Assemblies of
the Territories unlimited in their power to qualify
the elective franchise; hut there is a further pro-
vision which goes beyond the Constitution, if we
are to view the Territories in the same light as
the States, and exercises a power which, in that
point of view, we cannot exercise. That provis-
ion is this:
"Provided, That tho ri«ht of suffi.ige and of holding
office shall lie exercised only by citizens of tho United
Stales, and tho„e who shall have declared on oath their in-
tention to become such, and shall have taken an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States, and Ihe pro-
visions of this act."
Suppose such a provision were incorporated in
a bill in regard to a State, the State would treat it
wiih scorn; and why? Because, appealing to the
Constitution of the United States, the State au-
thorities would see clearly that the whole matter
had been left to them. This is the manner in
which it would be viewed by a State sovereignty,
and considering a Territory in the same light, it
would seem that a Territory would have more
right to revolt at such a provision in regard to the
exercise of the elective franchise, than at any pro-
vision upon the subject of slavery. The reason
is plain, it is because^he assertion that we have
no right to legislate on slavery is merely a matter
of implication; bat here the Constitution clearly
leaves the right to the States, in regard to sla-
very, the power is left to the States by implica-
tion, because it is not delegated to the General
Government. I think, then, that the Senator
from Pennsylvania presents the matter in a wrong
point of view; and however correct his conclu-
sions may be, most certainly the reason which he
has assigned is incorrect and illogical.
Mr. PETT1T. Mr. President, I deeply regret
that this proposition has been made in the Senate
on the return of this bill. I regret it because of
the necessary consequences that must follow if the
amendment prevail. No Senator can shut his
eyes to the fact that if we again incorporate this
provision in the bill, all our labor, all our exer-
tions, all our anxieties during the whole of this
long session wiil have been nought, and fall to the
ground, if this provision shall succeed. If that is to
be the case, let me warn Senators that they must
take the consequences upon their own heads. Let
me warn Senators that it may not bepossibleagain,
for years to come, to get a body of men together
in the two Houses of Congress with this exciting,
fanatical question hanging over them, who will
settle, as we have settled, the great and the only
principle involved in this bill. You hurl back this
whole question upon the American people, there
to ferment, boil, bubble, and heave like a boiling
cauldron. What body of men may be thrown
here together under such circumstances? Nothing
is plainer than that this provision cannot be con-
curred in by the House. Jt is a provision simply
of policy, of expediency, and not of principle.
By adopting it, you endanger the principle of self-
government, the principle of putting all the Terri-
tories, and the rigi ts of the people in ail our
Territories, upon the same broad basis of equality,
and establishing their own local and domestic
institutions for themselves. Is it thus to be en-
dangered for the purpose of pandering to a mere
question of doubtful policy or expediency?
Sir, I believe that this will not be done. Is all
our labor, and toil, and suffering, not to say all our
abuse and. villification, to be gone over with again ?
Or shall we now, when we have this bill in our
hands, and at ourdisposal, harmonize and bury m
oblivion the differences of opinion as to a mere
question of policy, and settle the broad principle
that your people may go to all the Territories of
the Union with the same rights, the same political
privileges, the same promises of establishing their
own political institutions ? Sir, the consequences
of putting this bill in hazard now will be dire and
calamitous. You may have not only the protes-
tations and the anathemas of three thousand cler-
gymen, but they may be trebled and quadrupled
before another meeting of Congress. What is the
result? Is it not plain ? I will not conceal it. I
need not. If you throw back this question so as
to enter into the election of members of the other
House, and one third of the members of this
House, what will be the result? 1 speak what
ail men must know, when 1 say that ultra Aboli-
tionists, moderate Abolitionists, Free-Soilers, con-
temners of right, and law, and justice, together
with tender-footed or timid Democrats, will unite
with Whigs upon any class of men to defeat those
who are in favor of a sound and legitimate admin-
istiatiun of the Government. Who does not know
that that would suit the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Seward,] and a few other Senators here?
Who does not know that that would suit your
three thousand clergymen? No man can answer
for the consequences. But here now, by passing
over and yielding a little question of expediency,
you put to rest forever the great principle of equal
rights in the Territories, and banish from Congress
this exciting question, never, i trust in God, to
return again.
Sir, at this point, let me say one thing that has
not been said here, or m the country, heretofore;
and I say it from the full conviction of my judg-
ment, that if any section of the Union has a right
to complain of the existence and continuance of
what is called the Missouri compromise, or the
restriction of slavery north of 3G° 30', it is the
northern and not the southern portion ofthis Union.
Why ? If you put it on the principle that men m
the States south of that line are to migrate to the
territory south of it, and those in the free States
are to migrate to that portion north of it, what
svili be the result? South of that line you will
have citizens of the United States, or citizens of
the southern States, if they are to migrate there,
who will have piivileges which are forbidden to
the citizens north of that line. You have said to
those south of it: you may or may not establish
slavery, as you please; we will not bind you in the
adamantine chains or the cords of congressional
legislation. But you say to those north of the line:
We will tie you in fetters, we will manacle you
hand and foot, and forbid the exercise of your own
judgments as to the rights and privileges you shall
enjoy. Sir, as a northern and western man, I
protest against any such inequality. I hold that,
if I emigrate to a Territory, though it be one mile
north of 36° 30', I ought to have the same rights
and privileges there that my more fortunate neigh-
bor has who emigrates a mile south of me. I
repeat, then, it is the northern portion of this
Union, and not the South, who are put under the
ban; and it is for them that I claim that this ob-
noxious restriction shall be removed. The citi-
zens of Indiana have the right now to make their
own laws and establish their own institutions;
and if they move to Kansas or Nebraska next
year, will they be less qualified, or have less moral
right to do so there? All will say, no! Why,
then, seek to deprive them of it?
Mr. President, the consequences of a defeat and
failure here I will not undertake to delineate at
length. They rise up thick and numerous before
me. They tower to the heavens. They plant
themselves deep, extending to the center of the
earth, and threaten the stability of the Union.
They will stand an impregnable barrier over which,
for years to come, no Congress will be able to get
if we allow this opportunity to pass. The bill is
now in the hands of the Senate of the United
States to dispose of. Will they dare to be so
recreant to the peace and the harmony of the
Union, and to the justice which-should mark our
legislation, as now to let the opportunity escape
for a paltry question of policy?
Sir, let me say to the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia that he is totally mistaken. I agree,certainly,
with the Senator from Georgia, and the Senator
from Wisconsin, and perhaps I shall only use
different words to express their ideas on this sub-
ject. The Senator from Pennsylvania is totally
mistaken in supposing that the right of suffrage
and citizenship aie correlative terms, or that they
are the same. They may have similarities in
some respects, lie who is a citizen may be en-
titled to vote, if the States allow him to vote, but
not otherwise. Let me say to that Senator, further,
that naturalization itself, as well as adding to the
rights of the inhabitants of the country, takes
away some rights. A foreigner in Pennsylvania
has rights which the Senator, and no other native-
born citizen of Pennsylvania has—if right it may
be called; and it is a right, at least it is an ease-
ment. The foreign inhabitant of Pennsylvania
may bring his grievances and his suits in the Fed-
eral court in Pennsylvania. He may resort at
once to the Supreme Court of the United States,
which the Senator cannot do, and which no other
native-born citizen of Pennsylvania can do. But,
sir, while he has his right, and while, by virtue of
citizenship, he wiil alienate it, and must drop it,
and fall into the common level of his fellow-citi-
zens, he has other and greater rights secuied to
him. Citizenship secures to him the rightof pro-
tection abroad. When, after having staid with
us for five years, he shall have taken the formality
of the law upon him, and shall go abroad either
for pleasure, for business, or for trade, the Con-
stitution, with its manifold and ample protection,
and the flag of your country, are over him. He
has taken an oath renouncing allegiance to all
foreign Governments, Potentates, and States, and
has sworn eternal fidelity and brotherhood to you.
He has sworn that lie will stand side by side with
you in council, and shoulder to shoulder in your
battle-fields. You have, in return, taken upon
you, as a Government, the solemn obligation of a
sovereign that you will protect him as a citizen, go
where he may. He cannot, in the language of
the President of the United States, wander so far
from home in the legitimate pursuit of pleasure or
business but that the flag of his country is over
him, and shall ever protect him.
Such, sir, is the proud position of the man who
becomes a citizen of the United States. But not
so with the resident alien; he has no such claim,
and no such right upon the protection of the Gov-
ernment. I will not entpr into any argument as
to the point at which this right begins, and the
time at which a foreigner ceases to be an alien,
and commences to be a citizen and have the rights
of citizenship attached to him; but when they do
attach to him, then the protection of which I have
