mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
tbe same date—the one directed, personally, to Captain
Moors, the other directed to the "officer in command of tbe
navy.*' The one ordering him to leave the vessels under
command of the senior officer present, and port to the De-
partment, as his presence was necessary before final action
was taken upon the secret act respecting the navy, and the
other showing that that action had already been taken by
placing the vessels under the aiithoitty and chaige of the
commissioners, and directing him to report to them, and to
act under, and be stibject to, their order*. If a propeu&nd
reasonable construction of both of these orders should Srow
them to be equally imperative in their character, then there
might exist some doubt on the mindfas to which one Captain
Moore was bound to obey. They are both directed dBhim,
as he was in command, without having disobeyed any pre-
vious order, when they were both received; and it is, there-
fore, only by such construction, and a just application of the
circumstam.es connected with the issuing and reception of
th«m, that it can be a*certained to which he was bound to
render obedience. The first gives the reason why it was
issued, to wit: that his presence was necessaiy at the De-
partment before final action was tafcen respecting the navy.
It is therefore reasonable t<rWer that hut for tins reason the
order would not have been given. The second shows that
the reason no longer existed, and that hia presence was no
longer necessary at the Departmem for the purpose men-
tioned, as the final action had then been taken, by turning
the vessels over to the commissioners, and instructing them
as to their future disposition. If, then, there was nothing
else in the laiter order showing that the first wa< rescinded
by it, this fact would clearly demonstrate it,ai the sole rea-
son upon which the first was predicated was removed by
the subsequent action'of the Department, and the subse-
quent order issued in eonfoimity with that action.
But there are other things connected with this second
order which leave no doubi upon the mind* of Hie under-
signed as to us effect, in countejmanding and rescinding the
previous order of the same date. Captain Moore was m
command of the navy at the tnneofthe arrival of the com-
missioners in New Orleans, as the order, directing him io
turn over the command to another, was not received pre-
vious to their arrival, and they (the commissioners) having
the authority to do so, and to take any and all the steps
which they might deem necessary in regard to ihe vessels,
thought proper to regard him in that light—to communi-
cate with him as su^h—to furnish him with the second
order, and to require from him the performance of duties
imposed by that order, on the " officer in command of the
navy." The undersigned, therefore, cannot view the sec-
ond order in any other light than as rescinding the first onw
of the same date; and, consequently, the alleged disobedi-
ence of the first, is an assumption unsustamed t>v tacts,
and seems to have been resorted to an an after-thought,
brought forward as an assistant prop to support the subse-
quent order of dismissal from the service.
The fifth charge is, that Captain Moore was guilty of
i{ treason,if in eutVimginto a compact with the authorities
bfVucatan, without the sanction or knowledge of tins Gov-
ernment.
Treason is defined by the Constitution, to consist in levy-
ing war against the Republic, or in adhering to its enemies,
giving them aid aijd support, and if Captain Moore be gmity
of this off mse, it must be for a violation of that provision
which forbids giving to the enemies of the Republic aid and
support, for no one ha* pretended to churge hun with levying
war against theKepublic. To determine, then, whether or not
he is guilty of the charge, it is necessary to ascertain what
wa« the position occupied by Yucatan in reference to this
country, as well as to Mexico, at the time the arrangement
Was entered into between Captain Moore and Colonel Pe-
J-aza at Nfew Orleans, on the. 11th February, 1843. At that
time, and for a long time previous, a war was notoriously
known to exist between the State of Yucatan and the Gov-
ernment of Mexic , which war was prosecuted for the
same purpose, and had the s;ime end in view, which our
own country was seeking to accomplish, in the war which
she^was waging Hgamst Mexico. At the same time the
autnoritiP'? of Yucatan and Texa* were keeping up and
encouraging the mo«it friendly relations towards each otht r,
and had, on other occasions, entered into stipulations, sup-
posed to be for the mutual benefit of both, m the proxeeu-
tion of the war against their common enemy. These
stipulations and agreements had been submitted to the Con-
gress of this nation, and that body, so far from condemning
or disapproving them, refused to recall the navy, winch
was then at sea, and cooperating with the forces of Yuca-
tan, under them.
If, tlien, the entering into such arrangements with the
authorities of Yucatan, be treasonable, the former Adminis-
tration was guilty ofthtf otiWue, and the Congress, by mis-
taining the measures of that Administration in tin* particu-
lar, not only connived at treasonable practices, bur actually
became participants in them, by failing to adupt the neces-
sary measures, to put a stop to their further process, As a
proor, however, that the arrangement* were nor, considered
treasonable, even by the present Administration, Captain
Moore continued his operations m connection with the
forces of Yucatan for some time after the present Executive
came into office, and upon reporting his prooeedinus to the
Department, he was informed, under the daie of April 34,
1842, that his proceeding!* were approved, in addition to
this, there is not one word in all the correspondence be-
tween the Department and Captain Moore, anterior to the
time when the commissioners were sent to New Orleans
to lake charge of the vessels, which seems to inhibit the
renewal of the arrangement with Yucatan, white there is
much to indicate that the renewal was riot onlv antn ioated
but desired. Besides, for the money received* from Yuca-
 r f8?.,arran§emems> Captain Moore wa, held to
?iS5?iPnlJ! p>! ir bV this Government, and one of the al-
leged ground* for his dismissal from office, that he had not
accounted for moneys thus received, which would haidlv
have been alleged,fit had been obtain,* by treasonnblp in-
tercourse. But that Yucatan was not considered a< forming
any part of the territory of the enemy, is ev.dp.itlv shown
I fr*9ldent g Proclamation of a blockade of the whole
of the enemy, and from which the coast of Yucatan
is «*<?.  J'from all these consideia-1
tloas,ife<S^nd8rsiSned brieve there aerer was an instancei
civilized warfare, where two States were at war with one
common enemy, that they did not avail themselves, as (ar as
circumstances permitted, of the aid and assistance ot each
other, in damaging the common foe, and this, too, in most
instances, without any .agreement or compact between their
respective Governments to that effect; nor is there an in-
stance on record, within the knowledge of the undersigned,
where belligerent- nations have failed to avail themselves
of the intestine wars carried on m the enemy's country,
where it could be done to advandflpe. In no point of view,
therefore, can the undersigned perceive the propriety of the
charge of treason against Captain Moore, founded upon
the arrangement entered into with Colonel Peraza—ar-
rangements which were certainly greatly to the benefit of
tins country at that particular crisis, and which, it is be-
lieved, would have resulted in permanent and lasting
advantages to the nation, had they not been so untimely
cheeked by the acts of the-Government, and the extraordi-
nary proceeding resorted to, for the purpose of carrying out
those acts.
The sixth charge is that Captain Moore was guilty of mur-
der, m causing to be executed, on the 26th of April, 1843,
certain mutineers who had been condemned by a court-
martial, alleged to have been illegally assembled, after he
had received an order issued on the 31st of March, 1843,
mspendiug him from the command of the navy, and di-
recting him to report to the Department ot War and Ma-
rine in arrest.
On the loth September, 1842, the Department addiessed
a tetter to Captain Moore, inclosing a requisition upon the
Governor of Louisiana tor trie mutineers alluded to in this
charge, and then adds: « Upon the delivery of the prison-
ers to you, or as soon thereafter as the testimony of-the
witnesses can be procured, you will order a court-martial
for their trial, in the prosecution of which, the regulations
of the service, and the laws of the land will be strictly en-
forced." Here, then, was a positive order to convene a
court-martial for the trial of tht-se men, and to cause the
i emulations of the service and the Jaws of the, land to be
strictly enforced against them. These regulations and laws
imposed upon tl#u the penalty of death, ir found guilty of
the offenses charged against them—they were lound guilty,
and suftered accordingly. But it is said, the court which
tried them was illegally assembled, as the officer ordering
it was suspended from the command at the time, and had
no right to give the order. In the first place the objection,
in the opinion of the undersigned,jis without force so lar
as regards the legality of the court, because the order for
it emanated from the Department of War and Marine, and
was only executed by the otticer in command; and had
Captain Moore, in point of fact, been suspended from the
command at the tune, the person who superseded him wou-id
have been bound to have carried it out, and the court when
assembled, no matter by whose instrumentality, would have
been assembled in virtue of the order trom the Department.
But the undersigned cannot discover, from thy testimony,
that Captain Moore was suspended from the command. It
is true he had received an order from the Department sus-
pending him, but in that order there was no person designa-
ted to whom the command should be given, and accoidmg
to the law and the regulations of the set vice,* he could not
give up the command and leave the vessels, until some
other person had piesented himself with authority to relieve
him", and take charge of them. The order, therefore, was
for this reason inoperative. But there is other and stronger
evidence, showing that he was legally in command of the
vessels at the time the court was convened for the trial of
these men. By the order of the 2'2d January, he was in
formed that the entire control of the squadron had been
given to the commissioners by the President, and he was
directed to obey their orders and instructions, and if the
order of the 21st of March, 1843, operated at the time of its
reciption m suspending him, lie was immediately after-
wards restored to the command by the commissioners, with
the view of securing his services in bringing the vessels to
Galveston; and being restored he was as much bound to
carry out h b previous orders, as though no suspension had
ever taken place. It is the opinion of the undersigned,
therefore, founded upon the testimony submitted to them,
that Captain Moore was in command of the. squadion by
la>ifid authority at the time the court-martial wasconvem-d
for the trial ot the>e mutineers, and that he continued m
command under and byvutueof the same authority until
the ai rival of the vesnel-j tn Galveston m July lollowmg.
The seventh anil last ehari e is, that Capiaiu Moore was
guilty of piracy, in cniMiie upon the high sea*! wall armed
vessel", under the flag ot this nation, while under suspen-
sion and arrest.
Without investigating this new and singular species of
piracy—-a speciea which seems to have escaped the knowl-
edge of most, if not all, the elementary writers on inter-
national law, the undersigned deem it only necessary to
say, that the tacts submitted to them do not sustain the
charge. They have already shown that Captain Moore was
in command of the squnhori by the authority of the com-
missioners, which command, conferred as it wa* by lawful
authority, was a full and entire removal, tor the time being,
of the suspension and arrest, which was intended lo be mi-
posed by the ordei of the 21«t of March. 1843. It is true,
when the command was conferred upon Captain Moore by
the commissioner-., or m other word", when he was retained
in tbe command by them, it was mainly tor thp purpose of
bringing the vessels safely to the port of Galveston, but the
evidence abundantly shows, that after the sailing of the
Mpiadion from New Orleans he had full and ample author-
ity from the senior commissioner, who was authorized to
act in the absence of the others, to proceed on the crime,
which has since been denounced as a piratical one, and
this authority, in the opinion of the undersigned, fully ex-
onerates Captain Moore from all blame in reference to that
cruise.
But whether Captain Moore were guilty of treason, mur-
der, and piracy, or nor, if torms no justification, in the opin-
ion of the undersigned, for the violation of a positive statute
in dij-boriorahly dismissing hun from the service without a
trmf, or an opportunity of defending a reputation acquired
by severe toils, privations and hardships, in sustaining the
horor and glory of the flag under which he had sailed and I
fought. If he were guilty, the courts of his country were I
©pen for his trial and punishment, and he should immedi-
ately upon his return have been turned over to those tribu-
nals ; and if not guilty, it was worse than cruel, thus to have
branded with infamy and disgrace a m>me heretofore bright
and unsullied on the pages of our history; and to have
driven from our shores, as an outcast upon the world, one
who*e long and well tried services, all appreciate and ap-
prove.
The undersigned, therefore, recommend the adoption of
the accompanying resolution,
JOHN RUGELEY,
JAMES WEBB.
. WM L. HUNTER,
H. KENDR1CK,
J. W. JOHNSON,
LEVI JONES.
Mr. Davis moved to lay the repoitupon the table. Lost.
The following is the resolution recommended
in the report just read:
"Sec. 1, Beit resolved by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives oj the Republic of Texas in Congress a$sembledr
That ltisdue to Post Captain E. W. Moore, to have a full,
fair, and impartial investigation of the charges, upon which
an order was issued, dismissing him from the naval service
of tal Republic; and, as a court-martial is the'proper and
legitimate tribuna^>r such investigation, and as such court
cannot be convene™composed of naval officers, itis hereby
made the duty of the Secretary of War and Marine to e.on-
vence as soon as practicable, a court-martial, composed of
the major geueial of the militia, and at least two brigadier
generals, and other officers, next highest in grade in office,
which shall constitute a naval court-martial for the investi-
gation of the charges against the said Post Captain £. W.
Moore, and said court martial shall be governed by all the
rules and regulations governing naval courts-martial.
" Sue. 2. Be it further resolved, That the Secretary of
War and Marine is/equired to furnish the said Post Captain
E. W. Moore with a copy of the charges and specifications
against him, a copy of which shall also be furnished tessaid
eourt, when it shall have convened."
The committee of investigation of the Congress
of Texas took up the charges one by one. They
were Seven in number, with multiplied specifica-
tions. After a long, honest, imd laborious inves-
tigation, they acquitted him of the charge of mur-
der, of the charge of piracy, of the charge of
treason, and of the charge of defalcation to his
Government. There, in the public lecords of the
Republic of Texas, are resolutions acquitting him
on each and every one of these grave charges.
The honorable Senator from Texas [Mr. Rusk]
read to the Senate the resolution of the conven-
tion which assembled to form a State consti-
tution, and it is of such a character as to show
that they believed in no such charges. The reso-
lution is in these words:
Resolved by the Delegates of the people in Convention
assembled, That in closing their labors as the representa-
tives of the people, they respectfully recommend to the
favorable consideration of the American Government, their
gallant feilow-citizen, Post Captain E. W. Moore, and
request that he may be retained and piovided for in the
naval service thereof.—Journal of Convention, p. 312.
But, sir, the matter does not stop there. After
the Congress of Texas had investigated the mat-
ter fully and thoroughly, Commodore Moore
f asked that a court martial might be assembled to
j try him for the offenses charged against him. The
court martial was ordered, and the trial was had,
running, I believe, through seventy days. At the
end of seventy days, what was the verdict of that
tribunal? Out of all the charges preferred against
him he was acquitted upon each and every one,
except four specifications, out of the six that were
preferred under the charge of disobedience of or-
ders, and the testimony is satisfactory to my mind
that he could not have obeyed those orders. This
is fully made out in the committee report. He
was acquitted of every charge affecting his char-
acter and integrity as a man of honor and a gen-
tleman. He was acquitted of treason. He waa
acquitted of peculation, because it was shown
that, instead of his beinga defaulter to the Gov-
ernment, the Government actually owed him over
$11,000. The records show it. He was acquit-
ted of every charge of a capital offense, and was
found guilty of disobedience of certain orders,
when he alleges it was impossible for him to obey
these orders. Does that affect his character, his
integrity, his honor as a man ? Who is not guilty
of disobedience of orders? Where is the officer
in your Government who has not been guilty of
disobedience of orders? The cases are numerous^
and multiplied.
« But, sir, it is said that he is a defaulter—not only
a defaulter to the Government of Texas, but to
the Government of the United States. The reso-
lutions passed by the Texas investigation show-
that he was not a defaulter to the Government of
Texas, but that, on the contrary, that Government
was indebted to him.
