1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1305
spoken attaches to him. That is the great, the
darling, and the desirei^e object of citizenship.
As a mere question of domestic protection, it is
not so important; for a foreigner may go into the
courts and obtain redress for an assault and bat-
tery to his person, or for a wrong to his property.
But if a subject of Great Britain comes and dom-
iciles with you for twenty years, or even for fifty
years, if he lives here without becoming a natu-
ralized citizen, and goes to Brazil, to Mexico, to
the Barbary States, or to any other country, the
the laws, and the protection of the Union,
are not over him, and do not follow him, because
he has not entered into the solemn league. Nat-
uralization is but a contract between individuals
and the whole mass of the nation. The one says,
if you will take upon yourself these obligations
and stipulations, we will take upon ourselves to
discharge towards you the duties and obligations
of a sovereign to his subjects, or the duty of our
Government to its native-born citizens, and pro-
tect you, as such, in all legitimate pursuits or
wanderings at home or abroad. A heavy and
grave responsibility on us, but glorious boon to
him!
No greater error can be fallen into than to sup-
pose that citizenship and suffrage are one and the
same thing. This question was brought up, some
years ago, in the House of Representatives, by
innumerable petitions, abolition petitions, praying
Congress to declare that free negroes in the States
might be voters, and that foreigners might be
restricted in that right. In that form the question
was raised, and it was referred to the Judiciary
Committee of the House of Representatives, of
which I was a member, and was very fully and
deliberately considered. I had not the honor of
making the report upon the question,and if I had,
I should have added but little to its weight. The
report was made bya gentleman from New York,
Mr. Rathbnn. In it the whole question of the
right of suffrage was fully and ably discussed.
But, sir, if there had-been no discussion, and if it
were an entirely new question, could there be any
difficulty about it? You say you are to look to
the delegated provisions of your Constitution for
all the powers that you have. Those which are
not given there are reserved to the States, or to
the people of the States. Where, in what page,
what line, what section of the Constitution is to
be found the delegation of power to you to create
voters in the States? It is expressly sai3 that
electors of President and Vice President shall be
chosen in such manner as the Legislatures of the
States shall direct, and that the members of the
House of Representatives shall be elected by those
having the right to vote for the most numerous
branch of the Legislatures in the different States.
Many of the States have conferred that rightupon
Indians, and many, both North and South, have
conferred it upon free negroes without property.
Old Cave Johnson, of Tennessee, an honored and
respectable gentleman, formerly Postmaster Gen-
eral, and for a long time a member of the other
House, told me, with his own lips, that the first
time he was elected to Congress from Tennessee,
it was by the votes of free negroes, and he told
me how. Free negroes in Tennessee were then
allowed, by the constitution of the State, to vote,
and he was an iron manufacturer, and had a large
number of free negroes, as well as slaves, in his
employ. 1 well recollect the number he stated.
One hundred and forty-four free negroes, in his
employ, went to the ballot-box, and elected him
to Congress the first time he was elected. Did
this Government settle the question of suffrage
there? So plain is it that this is a matter which
pertains alone to the States, that I may state that
in New Jersey—the Senator from New Jersey
can correct me if it is not so—a few years ago
women voted, if they do not now.
Mr. CASS. Strong minded women. [Laugh-
te&lr. PETTIT. Strong minded women, the
Senator from Michigan says. Well, sir, whether
they were strong minded or not, it is a fact that
they did vote. Each State then has reserved the
right to settle the question of suffrage. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Brodheab] is one
of those who do not agree with me that all power
over the Territories is in our hands. I consider
it as unnecessary, impolitic, and unjust to exer-
cise it, and I hand it back to the people. I will
not shirk from.any constitutional or legal respon-
sibility when I am required to perform it; but I
will not exercise the ultra power in my hands,
when, in my judgment,it can better be exercised
by the people. The Senator from Pennsylvania
and myselt do not agree as to the powers of this
Government over the Territories. He holds, if I
understand him, and I think 1 have so understood
him through a series of years, that there is no
powerover the Territories m Congress; and indeed
so far have some Senators, if not he, gone, that
they say it is only from necessity they organize a
Territoiy at all, and give them the outlines of a
form of government, and pay their expenses for a
few years. Sir, necessity forms with me no plea
for a violation of the Constitution. If I did not
believe we had the ample power, no pleaof neces-
sity should induce me to walk to the brink of the
abyss of usurpation. If the power was not clear
in my judgment, I should not attempt to exercise
it. Why, sir, there is no absolute necessity for
organizing Territories at all. All you have to do
is to repeal your restrictive laws forbidding that
people shall settle there. Let the people go. If
I go with them, they may elect me Governor, or
any other man they see fit. There is, therefore,
no necessity which can justify any such thing;
but it is a power and a duty which we have that
we shall organize these Territories while they are
in their incipient stages, and then for all other do-
mestic purposes, turn them over to their own
keeping and protection.
But, sir, the Senator from Pennsylvania says
that you have not the power to settle the question
of slavery m the Territories, but you have the
power to limit the right of voting to citizens of the
United States, and that you have no power to ex-
tend it further. 1 grant that we have the power,
and I say we have the power to extend it futther.
What, then, does his reasoning lead to? Why,
you cannot legislate upon the subject of slavery,
but you must leave it to the Territory to settle that
question, and you can limit the right of suffrage
to one man from the South, or to citizens from the
South, and say they shall have the entire voting,
and shall settle the institutions of the country.
So far as that is concerned, I know that no such
thing is proposed, but if you have the power to
fix the right of suffrage, you may limit it to any
class; you have the power to limit it to men forty
years old, or to any other class you please. The
power, in my judgment, is clear, but expediency
and justice are to be consulted.
We have proposed to leave this country,as it is
said, a tabula rasa, as a clean naked sheet of paper,
so far as law is concerned; we are to tell the peo-
ple there, here is the stone on which you may en-
grave the twelve tables of law, but we give it to
you naked. We do not hand it down to you with
the rescript of order upon it that you shall obey.
Go there and establish your own laws, write such
j rules as you and your successors are willing to be
bound by, and change them from time to time, all
of you being male settlers, twenty-one years of
age, free and white, having the voice and the right
to determine that matter.
Mr. President, suffrage and citizenship, as I
have said, are quite different things, having no
alliance whatever. Who does not know that in
many of the States—I presume even no w in South
Carolina, if lam not incorrectly informed—all the
citizens of the United States, though native-born,
are not voters, or they are not for certain offices.
They cannot vote for Governor or for members of
the Legislature, as I understand, unless they hold
certain property.
Mr. BUTLER. That idea seems to have pre-
vailed very generally in relation to the State of !
South Carolina, which I in part represent. The
honorable Senator from Texas [Mr. Houston]
upon one occasion thought proper to arraign the
State 
Mr. PETTIT. I did not make the allusion for
the purpose of arraigning that State.
Mr. BUTLER. I am awareof that,but I wish
to correct the gentleman, and so far as the Senate
may be interested in it, to correct the opinion
which may be entertained by the Senate generally.
In the State of South Carolina there is no restric-
tion upon the right of voting, except the residence
prescribed in the constitution; and there is no
property qualification at all. Every free white
man over the age of twenty-one years, primarily
has a right to go to the ballot-box and vote for
members of the Legislature, and for the Senators
of the different districts. Those members, in Le-
gislature assembled, vote for Senators in Congress,
as required by the Constitution, and they also vote
for the Governor of the State and for electors of
President and Vice President of the United States,
Thus far the members of the Legislature, elected
by the free people without any qualification so far
as regards the right of voting, have a derivative
rightof voting for the different offices which I have
indicated; but in all other respects the qualification
of a voter in South Carolina is as plenary, I pre-
sume, as in Indiana or any other State. Of course
the voter is required to be a citizen of the United
States.
Mr. PETTIT. I am very glad to hear the ex-
j planation, but it was my understanding that it was
! not always so. In the State of Virginia,near by, it
is but a few years since a general rightof suffrage
was allowed. Though a man were there, though
his ancestors had been therefrom before "the old
war, "as they are in the habit of saying in Virginia,
though he were of the older and even of the " first
families of Virginia," he might have been, a few
years ago, in such a condition as not to be a voter.
Then the question of suffrage, and of naturaliza-
tion or citizenship, are two distinct things. The
two rights are conferred for a distinct purpose.
Now| Mr. President, allow me to detain the
Senate for a moment, as to the dangers of this
question. What are the dangers? I hold that the
very best naturalization law you could give to a
foreigner, which would operate like a charm and
make him a better citizen the day he lands, would
be, instead of requiring him to stay here five years,
as under the present system, to give him an inter-
est in the soil—immediately induce him to become
an owner and cultivator of the soil. It is the best
naturalization, and the germ will produce the
growth and the fruit of love of country, and de-
votion and willingness to serve it, in preference
to any and all others. Sir, take the Irishman, if
you please, he who has suffered from the oppres-
sions of the English Government, through himself
and generations of his ancestors past, who has
never been allo,wed to own a foot of land. It was
beyond his means to acquire an acre, and it was
not the policy of the Government to allow it.
Transplant him to-morrow to your rich and fertile
lands in the West, and give him a quarter section
of land there, and who do you think he will serve?
Where will be his ties? About whose Govern-
ment and whose people will the fibers of his heart
cling and its emotions beat? Will it be for the
Government that has oppressed and driven him
out from his native land, or for that Government
which has treated him thus parentally and kindly?
Sir, it would be a thousand fold better naturaliza-
tion law than all the forms of your statute-books,
and residence for five years in your corrupt and
corrupting cities in the East.
The policy now incorporated in the bill, as it
comes to us from the House, has been adopted in
a number of the States. The State which I in
part represent is one of them. We did not do it so
early as some of our sister States. Illinois, Mich-
igan, Iowa, and, I believe, Wisconsin, adopted
the policy earlier than we did. Let me call the
attention of the Senator who moves this proposi-
tion for a moment to the fact that you are getting
now, at this period, a better class of foreign emi-
gration than you formerly did. Many years ago
—1 do not speak of any particular period—no one
came here but those whom abject poverty, and
misery, and persecution at home sent here. This
was because people abroad had very little faith or
confidence in the form of Government, theclimate,
and the prospects before them here. But, sir,
since that time, in more late years, our Govern-
ment has a better credit and reputation abroad;
our institutions are better known, their stable
character has been developed; and now it is that
you are drawing from abroad a better class of
foreign emigrants, with capital, with means, with
money in their pockets to invest here. You get, to
be sure, with them a more worthless class. The
States surrounding Indiana adopted this policy
wisely and prudently before we did. They said,
the sooner we open up to these foreigners—think-
ing, intelligent, men of learning and of wealth—
the exercise of political rights, and give them an
influence and a voice in taxing their property, the
readier will they come into our States and settle
with us. That was their policy. Indiana saw it
in a very short time. We were getting the sedi-
