2164;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
claimants stialb release said E. W; Moore from any liability
ori'account of tbe claims above referred to. _
SetO 2. Be it further resolved, That this joint resolution
take effect from and after its passage.
Report of Senate Committee.
Committee Room, January 14,1848.
Hon.. J. A. Grier, President of the Senate.
The select committee to whom was referred th& joint
resolution for the settlement of the accounts of E. W.
Moore, Post Captain commanding the late navy of Texas,
(and a joint resolution for the relief of persons who fur-
nished supplies for the late navy of Texas,) have had the
same under consideration, and beg leave to report that, in
conformity with a joint resolution of the last Legislature,
the comptroller was u required to settle the accounts of
E. W. Moore, Post Captain, and report his action to this
Legislature for their final ratification."
The'accounts and vouchers have been examined and
methodically arranged by the Comptroller, and have been
subjected to a rigid scrutiny by a committee of the House
of Representatives,-whose report accompanies the resolu-
tions, The same accounts and vouchers have likewise been
examined by your committee, and they deem it proper to
state that the resolutions propose a simple acknowledgment
of the claims presented, requiring no appropriation of land
or money, and if adopted, place the claims among the out-
standing liabilities of Texas.
As an act of justice to those who have heretofore gallantly
sustained the honor of the late Bepublic through her naval
arm, your committee recommend the resolutions to the
favorable consideration'of Jhe Senate.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
R. M. WILLIAMSON, Chairman,
PHILIP M. CUNEY,
A. M. PHILLIPS,
JESSE GRfMES,
HENRY J. JEWETT.
Note.—Both joint resolutions passed and were approved
by the Governor, January 24,1848.
It is said, however, that he is a defaulter to this
Government. Now, allow me to call your atten-
tion to a very short note from the Solicitor of the
Treasury:
Treasury Department, >
Solicitor*® Office, january 18, 1851. >
United States vs. Edwin )
W. Moore, late*Lt. in > Suit docketed to recover $906,11.
United States Navy. >
The clerk of the circuit court of the District of Colum-
bia, for the county of Washington, on the 20th of Decem-
ber, 1850, reports to this office that this case is settled by
order of the district attorney.
J. C. CLARK, Solicitor.
Here, then, is the receipt of your proper officer,
dated in 1851, showing that the account had been
settled. I have no wish to go into the details as
to the charges of murder, treason, peculation, and
defalcation. There can be no necessity for going
into those details. Here are ail the resolutions of
the committee of investigation. Here is the in-
dorsement of the Legislature of Texas, of three
different Legislatures* and by an unanimous vote,
declaring that it was their intention, when they
annexed themselves to the United States, that the
officers Bhould go with the Texan navy. Now, I
put it to every Senator here, is not the action of
the Texan Legislatures entitled to some consider-
ation? Ought not gentlemen to ponder before
they make up th«r minds to turn these men out
into the world, without any protection, without
any guarantees, without any means of support
unless by devoting their attention to some other
profession, of which they know nothing, when
no wrong is done to them, when no man in the
Navy is superseded, but when eight men are
simply added to the American Navy?
I repeat, Mr. President, the question is, whether
these officers are worthy of association with the
American Navy ? I have upon my table resolu-
tions which were passed by the people of Texas,
before the return of this little squadron from their
cruise on the ocean, at different points of the
State, at different times and places, all of the most
eulogistic and approving character, a few only
of which I will here quote.
At a large and general meeting qf the citizens
of Galveston, pursuant to public notice, held at
Shaw's Hotel, May 20th, 1843, his Honor John
M. Allen, Mayor of the city, was called to the
chair.
The following preamble and resolutions were
unanimously adopted:
^Jier®as> all time, and in every civilized country,
it hassbeen deemed alike the duty, the pleasure, and the
pride of communities of freemen to distinguish, by every
proper demonstration of esteem and regard, those who
cave signalized themselves by acts of heroic patriotism
for the interest, safety, and honor of their country s where-
fore, it is by this meeting,
"Resolved, That the late chivalrous conduct, and almost
reckless self-devotion of Commodore E. W. Moore and the
brave officers and men under his command on the coa*>t of
X ucatan, in a conflict with a greatly superior naval forge of
Mexico; while it is calculated to elevate our national char-
acter abroad, has justly entitled him and them to the fullest
measure of their country's gratitude.
" Resolved^ That the probable results'of the late gallant
actions and spirited bearing of our little navy may be justly
held as of scarcely less importance to the national weal and
Independence, than the victory of San Jacinto in 1836, and
consequently, that in our opinion Colonel James Morgan,
by giving his previonsly avowed sanction to the naval expe-
dition by the way of Yucatan, has acted nobly for his coun-
try honorably for himself, justly towards a brave and mere-
torious officer, and, in fine, in such a way as to secure for
himself the deep and lasting gratitude of his country."
At a meeting of the ladies of Galveston, May
24, 1845, the following preamble and resolutions
were unanimously adopted:
" Although we feel it does not become us to meddle, in
any manner, in public affairs, yielding to the " lords of
creation" the right to applaud or censure the wisdom or
folly of political management, we yet claim it as our pecu-
liar prerogative to bestow thanks and applause on the gal-
lant and brave, and upon an occasion like the present,
cannot withhold the expression of our gratitude from those
who have protected our homes from the incursions of a
cruel and barbarous enemy, and relieved us from the fears
and anxieties by which we were constantly harassed.
During the absence and inactivity of our gallant little navy,
we have felt the deepest solicitude for our homes and chil-
dren. From that we have been most happily relieved by
the late well-timed movement of Commodore Moore and
our esteemed ciuzen, Colonel Morgan. The bravery and
gallantry of the Commodore, his officers and men, and the
wise and prompt action of Colonel Morgan in sanctioning
the sailing of the fu>o uesseJs to the coast of Yucatan, deserve
and have our deepest and most lasung gratitude. There-
fore,
" Resolved, That we tender the cordial expression of our
gratitude and admiration to Commodore Moore, his officers
and men, for their efforts in behalt of their country at a
most critical period in its affairs.
" Resolved, That we tender a like expression of feeling
to Colonel James Morgan, who so nobly and patriotically
risked his reputation and life in his country's cause.
" Resolved, That we will furnish, at the earliest opportu-
nity, a badge for Commodore Moore and each of his offi-
cers, which we will request them to accept as an evidence
of our gratitude and high esteem for their valor and patriot-
ism.
(t Resolved, That the secretary send a copy of these reso-
lutions to Commodore Moore, Captain Lothrop, and Colo-
nel Morgan."
The citizens of the county of Matagorda, pur-
suant to a public call, held a meeting in the town
of Matagorda, June 10,1843, at which a series of
resolutions were unanimously adopted, the sixth
of which is the following:
«Resolved, That to Commodore Edwin W. Moore, for his
daring gallantry, the country owes a debt of lasting grati-
tude and honor; that we tender him the thanks due to a
soldier without fear, and a man without reproach, whose
achievements have already adorned the annals of his coun-
try. Let his fate be what it may,"a splendid victory or an
utter wreck, his honoris safe, and his destiny is glorious.
Long may he live to wear the laurels he has so nobly
won."
"We have not only the assemblages of the people
at which they indorsed the patriotic services of
these men, but we have other and higher testi-
mony. I hold in my hand a book which I think
is entitled to consideration, written by an officer
of the American Navy, Lieutenant Semmes; its
title is "Service Afloat and*Ashore." Without
tresspassing on the time of the Senate to read it,
(but which 1 will publish in my remarks,) I will
only say that he declares the whole conduct of
Commodore Moore and his little band, through-
out the whole of that great struggle for the rights
of man, was worthy of the proudest days of chiv-
alry; and he says that, next to the hero of San
Jacinto, E. W. Moore is entitled to more credit for
the liberties of the Republic of Texas, than any
man who lives. More than that, he teaches a
lesson to his brothers in the American Navy which
it would do good if each of them could hear, and
feel, and appreciate. He says, thauso far from
opposing the incorporation of this little band into
the Navy of the United States, his proud heart, as
an American sailor, as a man devoted to his coun-
try, beats with longing, anxious expectation, for
the hour to come when justice shall be done to
this little patriotic band, who sacrificed all but their
honors and their lives to vindicate their country,
and to add undying honor to their names.
Extracts from Lieutenant Scmmes's Book.
{( A revolutionary, or a government de facto, must give
to itself a reasonable degree of firmness and stability, be-
fore it can be recognized. This Texas effectually did, in
the course of the next few years. She not only made good
a defensive position ; she did more : she built and equipped
a fleet, and giving her * lone star' proudly to the breeze,
under the guidance of the gallant Commodore Moore,
drove her enemy's cruisers from the sea, and shut up his
ports. * * * *
_ ^stri^ of country between San Luis Potosi and
Salullo, a march of five or six days, is an arid desert, not
even affording water, in many places, to the parched and
travel-worn soldier. It was almost a physical impossibil-
ity, therefore, for Mexico to carry on a war of any duration
againstTexas, by land. But what if the sea had been open
to her ? The result might have been very different, and
the United States, instead of being the giant empire she is,
might still be circumscribed, on the south and west, by
the Sabine, content to delay her great march of progress
many years yet. History will bear me out, when I affirm,
that next to General Houston, the hero of San Jacinto,
Texas owes more to Commodore Moore than to any other
man who has figured in tlfe drama of her revolution. With
an energy and ability possessed by but few men, he took
hold of the discordant materials which Texas was collect-
ing for the formation of a navy, (a work, generally, of time
and much patient toil,) reduced them to system and or-
der, and presented to the world the spectacle of a well
organized marine, bearing the flag of a Republic not four
years old!
"In 1840, when President Santa Anna declared the
coast of the rebellious Republicin a state of bloekade, the
gallant Texan commodore put to sea, and not only pre-
vented the enemy Irorinmempting to enforce his blockade,
but proceeded off his principal port, (Vera Cruz,) and
blockaded him instead. The whole Mexican coast was
scoured by his little squadron, consisting of a sloop of war,
a Plainer, and three or four schooners, and several cap-
tures were made. He not only kept the coast in a state of
constant alarm, but proceeded up the river Tobasco, cap-
tured the town of that name, which he retained possession
of tor three weeks, and levied a contribution on the peo-
ple, which enabled him to support his squadron for nearly
a year, without drawing a dollar from the publie treasury !
Subsequently he entered into a league with Yucatan, which
gave much alarm and concern to Mexico, and from which,
among other advantages, resulted the no inconsiderable
one, of his being able, still further, to support his squadron,
without expense to his then impoverished country, fte
engaged and beat off the enemy's squadron (consisting of
two heavy steamess and other vessels) of much superior
force; and, in short, by his gallantry, energy, and judg-
ment, caused Mexico, in the language of Mr. Webster, to
abstain, * during all this time, from any new attempt to es-
tablish her authority in this Territory.'
" The reader will pardon me, if I pause to make a re-
mark here, not strictly relevant to my subject. This gal-
lant officer, to whom Texas owes so much, was shame-
fully neglected in the treaty of annexation. He had been
bred in the naval service of the United States, and should
have been returned to this service, as the least reward that
could have been bestowed upon him, for the gallant and
able services he had r^Bdered He bad been involved in
some difficulties, it is true, with the authorities of Texas,
but it is precisely thiough those difficulties, that I sec him
in the most enviable light. He bore himself through the
whole of them as a high-minded, honorable officer, who not
only had the interest ofhis country at heart, but understood
it, and served it, much better than those who differed with
him in opinion. He maintained a discipline in his squad-
ron, which none but a man of firmness and courage could
have maintained, and caused the flag of Texas not only to
be feared by its enemies, but respected by neutrals.
" It is to be hoped that our own Government will speedily
make amends to this gallant mau for the neglect with which
he has been treated by Texas. Now that Texas is a por-
tion of our territory, any services which may hare been
rendered to her, have,in fact, been rendered to us. It has
been objected that Commodore Moore abandoned his own
service to enter that of a foreign State; and that this
should prevent him from returning. How shallow must be
the reasoning founded on such an objection ! This is, on
the contrary, one of the strongest arguments "Why he should
come back, since, instead of being a drone, content to grow
fat, and idle away his existence in the lap of peace, it shows
him to have been a man of boldness and enterprise, worthy
of the profession in which he had been trained, and a ser-
vant to be sought after, if the interests of the Government
are to be considered. In becoming a Texan, he did not
cease to be an American—the Texans were all Ameri-
cans."
Sir, I am vindicating the character of Commo-
dore Moore. Here are the testimonials of his own
countrymen in public meetings assembled. Here
are th^. testimonials of his own Legislature, his
own Congress, time after time expressed. Here
is the testimony of an honest officer of the Amer-
ican Navy. Here are other testimonials, to which
I might refer; but I come to one higher than all,
and above all, and which eclipses all. I come to
an authority which none will dispute, and none
gainsay. I will read the testimony of the distin-
guished, honored, and illustrious hero of San Ja-
cinto—the Senator from Texas, [Mr. Houston-,]—
and he will pardon me while I read it:
" Some of the most gallant commanders of the American
Navy, who had distinguished themselves, and added lustre
to the character of the country during the last war, had
been taken from ouroommercial marine, and had,ofcourse,
been without any previous training in maritime war, and
yet they sustained the honor of the American flag as
proudly and as gallantly on the briny surge as could have
been done after the most assiduous preparation. He trusted
American officers ever would do so; and he was prepared
to pledge himself that those of Texas never would disgrace
that beloved star-spangled banner which throws its folds to
the wind in every sea. If any of them, owing to sickness
or any other Providential intervention, had been prevented
from that personal experience which they might have ob-
tained in active service ; and if others, following the bent
of an ardent temperament, and weary of the inactivity of
peace, had voluntarily engaged in the service of a foreign
friendly power, was it to be made an objection against their
being admitted to a place and a command in the American
Navy? As well might objection be made to those who
resisted the invasion of the Texan soil, and achieved and
