1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5m
it was not only sent back to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, but it was sent
there with instructions to report it as a bill simply
to extend the patent. Considering this vote, I
must express my surprise that the bfll is here,
after that expression of opinion by the Senate, in
the form m which we now see it. I supposed that
the opinion then expressed by the Senate would
be to some extent followed by the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office; but it seems they
have disregarded the intimation given by the Sen-
ate at that time, and have deemed it best to bring
the bill before the Senate in the form in which it
was under consideration at the last session. I
then said, and I say now, that I have no objec-
tion to voting at once, without a single word of
explanation, for the mere extension of the patent
of these gentlemen; and I had hoped the bill would
come up and be passed without objection, in that
form. "VVe have just passed a bill to which the
Senator from Delaware made objection, providing
for a simple extension of a patent; but here is a
bill of most extraordinary provisions, which it is
now said, at the first time when it comes up at
this session, may not be postponed for one week.
I desire it to be postponed for another reason.
As 1 have said, I wish to address the Senate upon
this bill; and when I do so, I wish to have before
me a copy of the original patent of Moore and
Hascall, in order that I may comment upon it,
and upon the provisions of the bill in connection
with it. I ask the Senator from Michigan that he
will so favor me, or, if not me, the Senate, as to
have in his possession when this bill shall come
up again, the patent of Moore and Hascall, that
we may have an opportunity to refer to it; and I
hope he will not insist on the consideration of the
bill at this time, when the patent is not here, and
cannot be obtained readily, and when the provis-
ions of the bill are most extraordinary, and the
Senate has once before expressed its opinion upon
those provisions so far as to recommit the bill
for reconsideration to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, with instructions, if not ex-
press, at least implied, that it should be reported
back as a bill simply extending the patent.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I was in favor
of the bill which was under the consideration of
the Senate for the relief of Moore and Hascall at
the last session of Congress, and have seen no
reason to change the opinion which I then enter-
tained. But I hope there will be no difficulty, as
I think there ought to be no difficulty, in agree-
ing to the postponement of the bill until next Fri-
day, to allow the Senator from Virginia to be
heard upon it. If the bill is right, it can stand the
test of investigation. But if it is wrong, and if
it can be shown to be wrong, those of us who
have been in favor of it ought to have an oppor-
tunity of hearing the argument against it, so that
we may retract our course if we have been in
error. I hope there will be no difficulty about the
postponement.
Mr. SEWARD. I have something to say upon
the question of this bill now, as I have had here-
tofore; but it is within my knowledge that the
Senator from Virginia has expected and designed
to discuss this question, and, therefore, pursuing
that courtesy which has always been extended, I
believe, in such cases to any member of the Sen-
ate, and was this morning in regard to another
case, I shall concur in the postponement.
Mr. STUART. I shall acquiesce in the dispo-
sition of the Senate in respect to the postponement
of this bill; but, in doing that, I beg leave to ask
the attention of the Senate for a moment while I
correct a very great error into which the Senator
from Wisconsin has fallen, and while I relieve the
Committee, on Patents arid the Patent Office, of
which I am a member, from the inference at least,
if not the direct charge, which is to be drawn from
his remarks. I spoke what I said in the outset, not
from what I had heard from others, but of what I
saw and heard myself. I did not allude, and do
not intend to allude, to the argument made by the
Senator from Wisconsin. I stood here in the Sen-
ate and listened to it, and I was surprised that any
Senator of his known intelligence should be so
deeply in error as he was at that time in respect to
this bill and its merits. What I said was strictly
true. It was with difficulty that the chairman of
the Committee on Finance could be prevailed on to
allow this bill to come up when it did at that late
period of the session; and it was only by strong im-
portunities that he did consent. His reason for ob-
jecting was, that he considered the whole time of
the session necessary for the consideration of the
appropriation bills. He finally, however, did con-
sent; and then the bill provoked, I think I may
say, an angry discussion. The Senator from Wis-
consin, I recollect, was peculiarly agitated, and
said some strong things very strongly—much
stronger, I thought,than thecircumstances warran-
ted. But thebiil was recommitted without instruc-
tions. When the papers relating to it were at this
session withdrawn from the files, on my motion,
and referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office, they were sent there with the mere
indorsement on them that the case was " recom-
mitted to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office." The Senator is mistaken in supposing
that there was a single instruction. What might
have been his inference, is quite another thing;
but I assure him that the committee received it at
the present session without any instructions from
the former Senate at all.
I did not desire to say as much as I have said.
All I wish, however, is simply that in the post-
ponement of the question, it shall not be done with
any prejudice upon the minds of Senators. I
think the Senator from North Carolina is eminently
correct when he says that this bill will bear the
test of examination anywhere. All I ask for it is
such a consideration as every such measure is en-
titled to in the Senate of the United States. Now,
I am perfectly willing to consult the wishes of the
Senate, and let the bill be postponed until next
Friday. At that time I hope the Senator from
Virginia will be here.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it ad-
journ to meet on Monday next.
A. J. WILLIAMSON.
The bill for the relief of Lieutenant A. J. Wil-
liamson was read a second time, and considered
as in Commitee of the Whole.
It directs the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury to ascertain, from such competent evi-
dence as may be submitted to them, the amount of
property lost by Lieutenant A. J. Williamson, by
the burning of the steamer South America, on the
Mississippi river, in December, 1851,and thepay-
ment of the amount so ascertained, not exceeding
#1,000.
Mr. Williamson, then a lieutenant in the
United States Army, was ordered, in December,
1851, to conduct a detachment of one hundred
recruits from Newport barracks, Kentucky, to
San Antonio. On the 8th December they em-
barked on board the steamer South America for
New Orleans. On the passage the vessel took
fire, and was consumed, by which disaster fifteen
of the recruits were drowned, and nearly all the
clothing and baggage was consumed. Assistant
Adjutant General Cooper, who was at that time
in New Orleans, certifies to the truth of the facts
stated, and says that " the Secretary of War
directed, in April, 1851, that the lost articles
should be replaced without cost" to the recruits.
It seems, therefore, but just that Lieutenant Wil-
liamson should also be remunerated.
An adverse report has been previously made in
the case, but aside from the additional evidence
now produced, the report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, made at the first session of the last
Congress, in the case of the petty officers and sea-
men on board of the United States steamer Mis-
souri, at the time of her destruction by fire at
Gibraltar, which was sustained by the action of
the vSenate,-seems to have settled the rule for such
cases in favor of the petitioner—the Senate having
passed the bill for the remuneration of the officers
and seamen of the Missouri, for losses occurring
under analogous circumstances.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and was read a thiid time, and
passed.
DEMPSEY PITTMAN.
The bill for the relief of Dempsey Pittman was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It proposes to require the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury, under the direction of the
Secretary of War, to audit and settle his account
I against the United States, for his military services
in Florida, in the year 1838, and pay him such
compensation and allowances as may be found to
be justly due him, with the provision, however,
that the amount shall in no case exceed the pay
of a colonel of infantry for five months.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read a third time, and passed.
WILLIAM P. S. SANGER.
The bill for the relief of William P. S. Sanger
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury Department to pay him the
same rate of compensation for the time he was
employed as engineer at the Norfolk navy-yard
as was allowed by the act of Congress, approved
the 28th of September, 1850, to James Heron, for
services which he had rendered at the Pensacola
navy-yard.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading,and was read a third time, and passed.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL AENEAS MACKAY.
The bill for the relief of Mrs. Helen Mackay^
administratrix of Lieutenant Colonel ^Eneas Mac-*
kay, late a deputy quartermaster in the United
States Army, was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill provides that the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury, in settling the accounts
of Lieutenant Colonel iEneas Mackay, deceased,
deputy quartermaster general in the United States
Army, shall allow, as a credit for &25>000, the re-
ceipt of Captain William D. McKissack for that
amount* dated the 1st of May, 1847, as well as
the receipt of Captain McKissack for a similar
amount, dated the 14th of August, 1847; and that
the Secretary of the Treasury pay to Mrs. Helen
Mackay, administratrix of Colonel iEneas Mac-
kay, deceased, whatever balance may be found to
be due to her late husband, upon a final settlement
of his accounts.
Colonel Mackay was deputy quartermaster
general in the United States Army, stationed at
St. Louis, Missouri, in 1847, where he disbursed
large sums of money on account of the Mexican
war. In the settlement of hijg accounts at the
Treasury Department, in 1847, he was credited
j in his second quarterly account by $25,000 paid
: by him to Captain McKissack, as per receipt
; dated May 1, 1847—and in his third quarterly
I account of the same year he was credited by
1 $25,000, also paid to Captain McKissack, as per
i receipt dated August 14, 1847, and- upon a final
I statement of his account he is shown to have a
; balance to his credit, on the books of the Treas-
, ury Department, of about $7,000.
j Colonel Mackay was in the city of Washington,
j from February to September, 1848, engaged in the
1 settlement of nis accounts, and claiming payment
I of the balance due him, which however was not
i paid him up to the time of his death in 1850. Since
| his death, his widow has repeatedly applied to the
Department for a nnal settlement of his accounts;
, when, much to her surprise, she was informed that,
1 upon a reexamination of Colonel Mackay's ac-
i counts, the receipt dated May 1,1847, had beenre-
1 jected, and that her husband was a defaulter about
$18,000. The reason advanced by the Department
i for rejecting this voucher is, that Captain McKis-
I sack makes no return of it in his accounts, and it
is alleged that these two receipts, each for $25,000,
are for the identical sum of money.
The existence of the receipts in the hands of
Colonel Mackay are prima facie evidence that both
amounts were paid over by Colonel Mackay, and
both received by Captain McKissack, and their
possession would entitle Captain McKissack to a
• verdict in any court of justice. The committee
1 also find the most abundant and satisfactory proof
that the $25,000, for which Captain McKissack
I gave the receipt of May 1,1847, was paid to him,
i and do not think that Colonel Mackay should be
made to suffer for the neglect of another officer.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. WALKER. I would inquire of the Sen-
ator who reported the bill whether there was any
proof which tended to satisfy the committee that,
in point of fact, the two receipts were not for the
same sum of money ? If there is no proof that
