1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2165
maintained the independence of the Texan Republic, that
they were not graduated at West Point. As welt might
Texan citizens be excluded from seats in the two Houses of
Congress because they had not received a collegiate educa-
tion, nor enjoyed the same facihtieswith others of consult-
ing libraries, and becoming familiar with the classics. If
a doctrine like this was to be established, Itexcis might not
be fully represented in either House of Congress. But it
was not by such a test that the merits of this bill were to
tried." ***** *
" Some of her officers had devoted themselves for years
to naval pursuits alone, and had thereby been cut off from
all other avocations. Nor coufd they, in point of morals,
demeanor, or honorable conduct, disgrace American officers
as associates. They were themselves Americans; their
origin was the same ; their political and moral training the
same; nor would they disappoint tlie just expectations of
those with whom they were to be connected."
After this I need say no more on this point.
But, let me refer again, very briefly, to the points
involved in the amendment of the Senator from
Texas, [Mr. Rcsk.] I think we are bound by
every consideration of justice, and equity, and
magnanimity, to incorporate these men into the
American Navy. It does no wrong to any man;
it does no injustice to any man; it postpones no
man. The question is, are they worthy of this
association ? I leave you, sir—I leave the Senate—
and I leave the world, to judge from the records
of the country whether they are worthy or not.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I know the
importance of time at this period of the session,
and I regret that I shall have to limit myself to
some four or five minutes; but, sir, I understand
that the honorable Senator from Tennessee has
read from a speech of mine on this subject, and a
few remarks explanatory of that may be necessary
for me. I was out at the moment, and did not hear
it; but I understand that he has read it. When
that speech was made, it was a distinct under-
standing between my colleague and myself that 1
should vote for the Texas navy bill, because there
were meritorious officers not only impliedly, but
directly interested in the result of it. ' He was to
speak on the occasion; but he was very much in-
disposed when the day arrived, and was too unwell
to attend the Senate. In consequence of his ab-
sence I delivered the speech in support of the bill.
If the Senator will refer to that speech, he will
perceive that I spoke of those of the Texas navy
who were in service at the time of the annexation.
Some two or three years previous to the annexa-
tion, I think, Commodore Moore was dishonor-
ably discharged from the service of Texas, for
flagrant offenses, and none of the remarks made
in the speech applied to his case.
Sir, the Senator has spoken of the resolutions
of the Texas Legislature. We know how easy
it is to get resolutions passed in a Legislature
adverse to the Executive, particularly when they
goto impugn his acts. It is very easy to get such
things upon ex parte representations. There were
gentlemen who emigrated to Texas after the tur-
moils of the revolution, and they were unprepared
to investigate these matters, and would of course
adopt any resolution, or sign any recommenda-
tion, that was handed to them. They had no dis-
position to investigate the matters, and I do not
think, therefore, that the resolutions to which the
Senator has referred, help the case at all.
The Senator also referred to the finding of the
court-martial in the case of Commodore Moore.
He admits that it is conclusive on the subject of
disobedience of orders; but he asks who does not
disobey orders? I have no doubt Commodore
Moore thought it was a perfectly immaterial mat-
ter. He was sworn to obey orders, but he did
not choose to do it.- His obligation was of very
light import, and seemed to have no moral or bind-
ing force upon him. But, sir, that offense of dis-
obedience of orders embraced, piracy, murder, and
treason, all at once. Yes, sir, that act of disobe-
dience of orders, with one fell swoop, embraced
the whole catalogue of criminalities charged upon
him. Did he not disobey the order by which he
was directed to sail to Galveston ? He disobeyed
four successive orders. He was suspended from
command. He was ordered into arrest. Two
commissioners were sent, with a proclamation, de-
nouncing him as a pirate, if he dared to sail with
the flag of Texas upon the high seas; and in the
face of this he ordered a court-martial, and by it
men were tried and executed. Could he rightly
do it under such circumstances? Wo,sir. When
homicide is perpetrated, except by the sanction of
the law, and by the hand of the proper appointee,
it is murder. It may not always be murder tech-
nically, but it is murder morally. Thus he stands
before the world.
We are told, further, that he threw his private
fortune into the scale for Texas. What was it.
A mere pittance. To be sure, there had been a
defalcation hereof a few hundred dollars. Where
did he take his private fortune? When he was a
delinquent to this country, did he munificently
bestow it upon Texas? Sir, he was the recipient
of all _ that was stipulated m the contract with
Yucatan. He received all the money, and dis-
bursed it himself. He might have called it his
private fortune, for he was the proprietor of the
navy from 1839 to 1842, when he was dishonor-
ably discharged from the service; but I deny that
heperformed a day's service under the orders of the
Government of Texas, for Texan defense or the
vindication of Texan honor. The President of
Texas, in 1840, entered into a compact with
Yucatan, and subsidized the navy, and sent this
commodore with it, and he remained until gome
time in 1842,'at sea, not fighting the battles of
Texas, but fighting in a rebellion between a re-
volting State, and the Federal Government of
Mexico. After he came back, he ran away with
the navy again, and returned to his old haunts;
but he never struck a blow for Texas, for her
liberty, or for her honor, and not one day did he
sail to protect her ports; but during two succes-
sive invasions of the enemjf, he was either at
Yucatan or in the port of New Orjeans. Of seven
very fine vessels, he brought back the Austin and
the Wharton, with a wounded man on each,as he
said. These are the great trophies of his vic-
tories; this the proud history of his triumphs,
with the exception of dodging the sixty-two pound
shot. He did that, and for that reason alone, I
suppose, he is entitled to honorable association
with the officers of the American Navy. That
should give him an admiral's position, because
none of them, from Paul Jones down to the last
gallant tar who stood upon an American deck,
ever had the dexterity to jjodge a sixty-two pound
shot.
But, sir, there are men in the Texas navy who
have merit; there are men connected with that
navy who discharged their duty to the last, and
showed no disloyalty to the Government, and for
them I should be willing to provide.
Sir, it was an easy matter to go to the Legisla-
ture at any time, and get through resolutions. It
was easy to confederate with the court which was
ordered, not in accordance with the law. It was
a matter of grace with the Executive, to say that
a court-martial might be assembled, because that
was an ex post Jacto proceeding. The law had
been, that no officer could be tried but by his
peers; there was but one commodore; and there-
fore it was alleged no trial could take place; but
he was to roam the pirate of the world, I suppose,
without any reprehension, or liability to removal.
The President of Texas, in his case, exercised an
inherent right, which resides somewhere. There
is a remedy to correct vast evils and crimes that
are glaring. The President took it upon him-
self to rebuke this man in a proper manner, and
to exercise the power which, it appeared upon
the face of the commission, he was authorized to
exercise; for every officer holds his commission
during the pleasure of the President. It was so
in General Washington's commission; it is so in
every commission down to the present time. It
was so solemnly adjudicated in a case decided
thirty years ago. When Commodore Porter was
upon trial, it was decided that the President had
the right to dismiss him, without the intervention
of a court. Mr. Adams laid it down as a correct
principle, and it was acquiesced in by Congress,
that it was a right appurtenant to the President.
If it were not, what would be the consequence?
If an individual who was the general-in-chief,
were to invite an enemy into your camp, or at-
tempt to betray the nation, would not the head of
the Government have the right to arrest him,
though it might have been arranged improvidently
that he could only be tried by his peers?
Sir, it is a very strange and remarkable thing,
that the sympathies of Texas should be so much
enlisted in behalf of this individual, who has tra-
duced and denounced for years to Senators the
person who is now addressing you. It is stranger
still, that notwithstanding all his efforts to shield
his immaculate honor, his redoubtable courage,
and his " dodging " faculties, he should find that
the person whom he has assailed eontinjiouply,
has been indorsed by the almost unanimous voice
of Texas, by three successive senatorial elections,
although he never visited the seat of gQverly^ent
from the time it became a State until his third
election, and never wrote a letter to a member of
the Legislature upon the subject of the election,
and one who intends, if he lives, to restore to them
the office which he holds, not grudgingly, but to
return it to them unspent, with the time unex-
hausted.
But, sir, I will not descend to the petty inci-
dents connected with the transactions of this indi-
vidual. All I wish is to vindicate Texas against
the imputation of having received any n^n's
services without making compensation. Suyshe
has had no contributions of valor, of blood, or of
chivalry, which she has not rewarded amply and
munificently. Some of them who claim to have
rendered her great benefits are like the one I spoke
of the other day, and like the one who is now the
subject of remark. They say they conferred
benefits on Texas, when the fact is that they
never met an enemy in the cause of Texas, and
never raised an arm to defend her honor or her
flag under the orders of the Government of Texas.
If they have been filibusters on other nations, I
care not for them. 1 will vindicate Texas to the
last. She has enough sons whoare worthy of such
a mother, and who may well wear her honors;
but X will have no bastard to come in and claim
their birthright.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was here received from the House
of Representatives, by Mr. McKEiN, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the House had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses, on the bill
authorizing the extension of the Alexandria and
Washington railroad into the District of Colum-
bia, and conferring certain privileges on the Balti-
more and Ohio Railroad Company.
Also, that they had passed a bill to repeal'the
act entitled "An act to aid the Territory of Minne-
sota in the construction of a railroad therein,"
in which they requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
ALEXANDRIA AND WASHINGTON RAILROAD.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the committee of confer-
ence on the part of the Senate on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill "authoriz-
ing the extension of the Alexandra and Wash-
ington railroad into the District of Columbia,
and conferring certain privileges on the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company," reported that they
had had the subject under consideration, and
recommend that the Senate recede from its dis-
agreement to the amendments of the House, and
that the said bill, as it passed the Housed be
adopted, with the following proviso to the second
section, which conferred on the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company the right to run a branch
road on the eastern side of the Potomac to a point
opposite Alexandria:
Provided, however, That this section shall remain sus-
pended for two years from the first day of January, 1855,
and if, at the end of that time, the Alexandria and Wash-
ington Railroad Company shall not have completed a rail-
road to Alexandria, and have the same in good running
ordpr, in pursuance of the requirements of the preceding
sections of this act, then the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company shall have the privilege of extending their road
by either of the routes authorized by this act: Jlnd provided
further. That if Said Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany shall not have executed so much of the provisions of
tlus act as relates to their company by the first day of Jan-
uary, 1859, then this act shall be void.
The Senate proceeded to consider the above
report; and they concurred therein, and resolved
that the bill be so amended.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Wholij,
resumed the consideration of the naval appropn- ■
ation bill, the question being on Mr. Rusk's
amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There are butone
or two points on which I desire to reply to the
Senator from Texas. I take him, first, at his con-
cluding remark. He says he is ready to vindicate
the honor and the character of Texas. Why, sir,
he need not have advertised that. His whole his-
tory illustrates it; but while he is attempting to
vindicate that nationality, and that honor, and
that glory, and that chivalry, I ask him to pause
