1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1307
Well, sir, if they are to wait until they become
proprietors of land, t pray you what becomes of
the principle of unlimited suffrage ? But it is said
you must give them the land. Well, how does
that qualify them to know what the institutions of
the new Territory should be? It may give them
a desire that those institutions should be right;
but to desire, and to know how to accomplish
thing, are two very different qualities. It is true,
as the honorable Senator says, that many persons
come to settle in this country, who are men of
character, men of intelligence, men who, at once,
would be able to assume and discharge respectably
the functions of a citizen; but we must recollect
that is not the character of the class altogether,
nor the character of the class generally. Wheie-
fore, I think, the wisdom of our forefathers was
true and right. They required that foreigners
should undergo a probation, should live among
us, should signify their intention to become citi-
zens; tune should elapse afterwards; the eye of the
community should be upon them; and evidence
should be given finally to their upright deportment
their good moral character, their exhibition of an
attachment to the institutions of the country, be-
fore they were clothed with the character of citi-
zens.
The Senator from Indiana says that citizenship
and suffrage are not the same thing. Undoubt-
edly; but citizenship is the status which is pre-
supposed to exist in every man before he is capa-
ble of receiving the right of suffrage. That was
the notion of our forefathers. It is a discovery of
modern times, thatamanmay be a political member
' of a community, so far as to exercise the powers
of the ballot-box, to vote for legislators, to elect
all the officers of the community, and yet that he
should not have a citizenship in the country which
he thus aids in governing. When the Constitu-
tion of the United States was framed, and it was
said therein that the electors of the members of
the House of Representatives should be those who,
under the State constitutions, were entitled to vote
for the most numerous branch of the State Legis-
lature, the idea of unnaturalized foreigners voting
had entered the minds of no people, of no State
in the Union. I know it is past reach; but, ac-
cording to my judgment, every provision in the
constitution of any State in this Union, which
now or hereafter may authorize an unnaturalized
foreigner to vote, is m conflict with the spirit and
principle of the Constitution of the United States.
1 know we had in the constitution of my own
State, adopted in 1776, a provision which con-
ferred all the rights of citizenship, the power of
holding real estate, and the right of voting, upon
foreigners who came there to settle, and who had
resided twelve months, anfPtalten the oath of alle-
giance. But we have alwaysconsidered that from
the moment the Constitution of the United States-
was adopted, conferring the power of naturaliza-
tion upon this Government, ipso facto that provis-
ion of the State constitution was annulled.
Mr. President, although I concede that this is
not a paramount matter with me, though I admit
there is a high principle in this bill which I will
carry out without this amendment if I cannot ob-
tain the amendment; yet I see no reason why, be-
lieving the amendment to be right, I should not
vote for it now, as I voted for it when it was pro-
posed before, and when I then deemed it to be
right. If it had been the case, that a decided and
undoubted expression of the opinion of the House
of Representatives had been obtained upon this
amendmentand found to be adverse to it, I should
vote against it; but no such opinion having been
expressed, no opportunity having been afforded
for its expression, no evidence being furnished but
that a majority of that House is for it, I wish to
put the amendment here, and give the House an
opportunity of saying, whether it meets their ap-
probation or not. If it does not, I shall not be
for losing the bill for want of the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I think it prob-
able that my naked vote upon this subject, either
one way or the other, would not be very well un-
derstood; and the occasion, perhaps, is one that
requires of me to make a few remarks, by way of
explaining the course [ may think proper to pursue
upon this subject. Justice to others, and justice
to myself, require it.
The issues which have grown out of this bill
scarcely leave any gentleman the right to consult
his independent judgment. I am free to say so.
I may, in limine, say, that if I had been in the
House of Representatives, I should have voted
with the one hundred and thirteen, in favor of the
bill without this provision. I will say, further, that
whether the amendment be adopted or not, I shall
vote for this bill. .Nay, further, I do not know
but that there may be such a change of circum-
stances, during to-day or to-morrow, as may re-
quire of me, rather than to put this bill m jeopardy,
by sending it back to the other House, or putting
it in a position where it will be subjected t'o the
hazards of parliamentary proceedings, to waive
the opinion—the very strong opinion—which I en-
tertain upon this subject, I have already given a
vote in favor of the amendment. It was not intro-
duced at my instance; or on consultation with me
or my friends. I believed it right, and I voted for
it. 1 think I have gone very far in reconciling
myself to vote for this bill, with some of the prin-
ciples which have been attributed to it by those
who are likely to vote for it. 1 have gone very
far, when I admit that I shall vote for the bill,
whether it contain this amendment or not.
Now, sir, we propose to bring into existence
two sovereign States; and at this time, as far as
our legislative Government goes, we are to in-
fluence their destiny. As has been said by my
honorable friend from Indiana, we are about to
give to the people of Kansas and Nebraska a blank
piece of paper, or a stone, upon which they are
to write the laws that are to influence the destiny
of those republics. I am one of those who do
not believe that any people settling upon our
Territories have the right of self-appropriation.
1 do not believe in the principle that the transient
population settling upon our Territories have the
right of self-investiture of sovereignty, to shape
out with their fingers what shall be the bounda-
ries of this State or that State; or to assume, with-
out the previous action of Congress, the right of
forming themselves into a State, and forming such
a constitution as they may think proper. There-
fore, when I delegate to any people this very
high office, this important function of making
laws, and of doing more, of putting into existence
institutions which are to influence the destinies
of this Confederacy, I have a right to pause.
In doing this I am not willing, for one, to give
the right of suffrage or the right of voting, for
those who are to make the laws, to any but those
who are, by birth or by naturalization, American
citizens.
I have been told that there are those who live
abroad who would have equal capability with
Senators here to form a system of laws. f. shall
not dispute it; and perhaps if, by my legislative
choice, I could discriminate so far as to select this
man or that man to be a citizen and make laws
for me, I might be willing to assume upon myself
the office of doing so. But, sir, it is a different
thing when we are to invite foreigners to come
here—foreigners who are unaccustomed even to
the principles of the common law, the magna charta
from which we derive all our notions, hot red re-
publicans from France or from Germany. When
the selection is not to be confined to those who
have in some measure been accustomed to the
administration of the English law, either in Great
Britain or Ireland, I would pause for a long time
before I would devolve such an office on those
who have been invited here, and especially after
I have seen the demonstration that has been made
by irresponsible crowds of foreigners not know-
ing what they are about. Have I not already
seen that Abolitionists have invited this very class
of persons to join them? Under their influence,
they have met and have dared to burn in effigy one
of the American Senators, foracting upon the grave
responsibilities of his position here in this Senate
house. If the option were given to me to allow
such persons to come and vote, I would exclude
them, whilst I might admit a very different class.
I have, therefore, strong opinions upon this sub-
ject—not constitutional I grant. I admittheprac-
tice has varied. I have taken some pains to have
a synopsis of your laws upon this subject pre-
pared, and I will state it to the Senate
Northwest Territory.—Ordinance 1787.
Qualification of Voters.—That a freehold in fifty
acres of land in the district, having been a citizen
of one of the States, and being resident in the
district, or the like freehold and two years resi-
dence in the district, shall be necessary to qualify
a man as an elector of a Representative.
1798. Mississippi.—Same as the above; ordi-
nance 1787.
1800. Indiana.—Same.
]804. Louisiana.—Legislative Council.
1805. Mic higan.—Same as the ordinance 1787.
1809. Illinois.—Same as the ordinance 1787.
1812. Additional legislation on the subject, as
follows:
That upon the admission of the Illinois Terri-
tory into the second grade of territorial govern-
ment, in conformity with the provisions of the act
entitled "An act for dividing Indiana into two
separate governments," each and every free white
male person who shall have attained the age of
twenty-one years, and who shall have paid a
county or territorial tax, and who shall have re-
sided one year in said Territory previous to any
general election, and be at the time of any such
election a resident thereof, shall be entitled to vote
for members of the Legislative Council and House
of Representatives for the said Territory.
[First departure from the ordinance 1787.]
1812. Missouri.—That all free white male cit-
zens of the United States, above the age of twenty-
one years, who have resided in said Territory
twelve months next preceding an election, and
who shall have paid a territorial or county tax,
assessed at least six months previous thereto, shall
be entitled to vote for representatives to the Gen-
eral Assembly of said Territory.
1817. Alabama.—Same as ordinance of 1787.
1819. Arkansas.—Same as Missouri, 1813.
1836. Wisconsin.—[Freehold qualification first
stricken out.]—That every free white male citizen
of the United States, above the age of twenty-one
years, who shall have been an inhabitant of said
Territory at the time of its organization,shall be
entitled to vote at the first election, and shall bo
eligible to any office within said Territory: Pro-
vided, That the right of suffrage shall he exercised
only by citizens of the United States.
1838. Iowa.—Same as Wisconsin.
1849. Minnesota.—Same as Wisconsin and
Iowa, with the additional words in the proviso,
and those who shall have declared, on oath, their
intention to become such,and shall have taken an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, and the provisions of this act.
From this statement of our laws on the sub-
ject it will be seen that our legislation has shown
a greatdegree of indifference in regard to it, by
those who have superintended it. At one time it
would have been very wrong of Congress to re-
quire none but citizens to vote, when, in fact, the
Territories were so remote that citizens could not
very well get there. Hence, in the early settle-
ment of the country, many persons did vote who
were not citizens; but they were required to be
actual residents, and a property qualification was
imposed. In 1809 actual settlers, with one year's
residence, were allowed to vote.
In view of this variation in our policy on this
subject, I am free to say I have no constitutional
scruples. My objection is broadly to the policy
of devolving upon unnaturalized persons coming
from abroad the right of shaping our territorial
governments. I do not know what course I
might have taken if this were a new question;
but I have considered the subject, and I have
I brought my mind to this conclusion. I do not
1 say that my objections are so insuperable that
they may not be overcome; but at present I retain
them, and they are very strong upon the subject.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, when this amend-
ment was originally introduced by the honorable
Senator from Delaware to the Senate bill, J voted
for it; and it is known to that Senator, and to
other Senators on this floor, that! had a right to
expect that if his amendment were incorporated
l into the bill he would vote with me for it. But
j although his amendment was incorporated into
the bill, he did not vote for the measure; and in
that respect I was disappointed.
Mr. President, I made no speech upon the sub-
ject of this bill, nor do I design to make one. It
'has been my habit, when others on this floor have
fully discussed the piinciples of any measure so
that they could go to our common constituency,
to rest myself satisfied with my vote in accordance
with what I thought right. The friends of this
measure have believed, I believe, that it contains
one great principle which will prevent future suc-
cessful agitation upon the subject of slavery, and
that principle is that the people of the Territories,
