1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
biscuits. Now, if it be go, he must have got his
invention from Mrs. Bobo, of Alabama, for she
certainly made better biscuit than anybody in the
world. I do not conceive that we should extend
this privilege to this individual; for 1 can prove ^y
my friend from Alabama, [Mr. Clav,] who sits
beside me, and by any man who ever stayed at
Mrs. Bobo's house, that she makes better biscuit
than anybody else in the world; and if this man
has the best plan for making biscuit, he must have
got.it from her. [Laughter.]
Mr. SEWARD. I can remove the honorable
Senator's objection. The bill does not propose to
extend the patent. It only removes a difficulty
which stands in the way in the examination of
the question at the Patent Office, whether he is
entitled to an extension or not, he having been
disabled from coming in time; and the gentleman
from Mississippi and the gentleman from Alabama
can go and taste his biscuit, if they choose.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 11; as follows: -
YEAS—Messrs. Atcliison, Badger, Chase, Dawson,
Evans, Everett, Fessenrten, Fish, Foot, Hnmlin, Jones of
Iowa, Mason, Morton, Pettit, Sehastian, Seward, Stuart,
Sumner, Wade, Walker, and Williams—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Clay, Fitzpatrick,
Geye.r, Gwm, Johnson, Pearce, Kus,k, Slidell, ana Thom-
son of New Jersey—11.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed far a
third reading; and was read a third time^and
passed. /
JOHN BRONSON.
The bill for the relief of John Bronson was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It appropriates §2,915 18toindemifyJohn Bron-
son, of the city of Detroit, for the loss of mer-
chandise which fell into the hands of the enemy
in consequence of the impressment, by order of
an officer in command of a detachment of United
States troops, of the wagons and teams with which
that merchandise was being removed to a place of
safety, at the time of the evacuation of Fort George,
in the year 1813.
Mr. BAYARD called for the reading of the re-
port of the Committee of Claims, and it was
read.
It appears that in 1834 Mr. Whittlesey, from
the Committee of Claims of the House of Repre-
sentatives, made an adverse report on the same
claim, on the ground that the testimony then be-
fore the committee did not fix the day on which
the loss occurred; and that the testimony of the
officer making the impressment, was not adduced,
nor that of other officers cognizant of the facts.
The committee, therefore, came to the conclusion
that " as far as the circumstances in the case are
disclosed," they did not bring the case within the
principles previously recognized. At the next
session of Congress, the affidavit of Joseph G.
Odale, deputy quartermaster in the service of the
United States, and personally cognizant of all the
material facts, was produced, in which he says:
" Being on a retreat from Fort George, in Upper
Canada, and at a place called Salt Battery, at
Youngstown, on the Niagara river, in the State of
New York, the American troops, at that place,
overtook a number of loaded teams, among which
were two wagons and horses, loaded with mer-
chandise, belonging to John Bronson. All of
said teams were impressed into the service of the
United States, by order of Colonel C. Hopkins,
then in command of the United States troops, and
the goods of said Bronson were taken from the
wagons and left in the public road, and said
wagons immediately loaded with the baggage of
the United States troops and moved on; the enemy
being near, in pursuit of said United States troops,
the property of said Bronson must have fallen
into their possession." The deponent adds that
Colonel Hopkins is dead. He estimates Mr.
Branson's loss at §2,000 or more.
In full view of the circumstances, as set forth
and established by this and other competent testi-
mony, it appears that property to a considerable
amount belonging to the claimant, who was at the
time a sutler in the service of the United States,
was placed by his direction in wagons, for the pur-
pose of conveying it to a place of security at the
time when Fort George was evacuated by the
American troops.
It further appears that whilst the wagons so
employed were on their route, they were over-
taken by a military force commanded by an officer
m
of the United States, and pressed into the public
service; and that the property of the claimant was
left on the road, with the enemy approaching, and
was lost to him.
The claimant submits a detailed schedule of the
goods lost, specifying the quantity or weight of
each item, with the market value, which he veri-
fies by oath, amounting to $2,915 18; and that
sum, without interest, the bill proposes to pay.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, 1 have had no
opportunity to examine the particulars of this bill;
but I am aware of the general fact that there is a
disposition to bring up all these old claims, which,
since the year 181V, were either, acted upon, or
might have been acted upon, under the general
laws of Congress, if the parties had chosen to pro-
duce them when there were living witnesses for
their full investigation. There is a disposition
now to bring them upon testimony obtained after
the lapse of twenty-five or thirty years.
Sir, in my examination of that class of cases
arising out of injuries during the war of 1812-'J4,
I find that under general laws Congress author-
ized a commissioner to examine into all classes of
injuries, specifying them m the law where it was
thought proper relief should be granted. They
further provided that the President of the United
States might make such rules and regulations as
were proper for the purpose of taking testimony in
relation to the claims which were presented before
the commissioner. Great numbers of claims were
made. The then President of the United States,
Mr. Madison, and the then Secretary of War, Mr.
Crawford, we re the authors of those rules and
regulations. Amongst others they established one
rule which I believe to have been of the highest
importance, and one which, if this bill be now
passed, it was nugatory to have established then.
That rule required, in reference to the action of
the troops of the United States, that the testimony
of the commanding officer under whose authority
the act was done should be given, or not being
given should be accounted for.
Now, it is very evident that this rule was ne-
cessary, essentially necessary, because the Gov-
ernment is not responsible for the illicit destruc-
tion of property by soldiers, even of the United
States, without orders—wanton trespasses of sol-
diers. That principle was conceded then, and I
presume it will hardly be denied now, but if the
act was done under the authority of the com-
manding officer, under an emergency of war, the
Government held and holds itself responsible.
Hence his testimony, if he was living, was requi-
site, because he was theproper person togivesuch
an order; but if the party can lay by for twenty,
or thirty, or fifteen, or ten years, until that officer
be dead, and then come forward and tell you, by
secondary evidence, that that officer's testimony
cannot be procured now, the result is, that it
was folly to establish such a rule, because the
more remote the transaction the less probabil-
ity there is of getting at the truth of the facts.
If this course be permitted, a party has only to
lay by, so that some time may elapse, and the
testimony of the commanding officer cannot be ob-
tained. I am not willing, therefore, to admit this
case on the ground of delay, or defective applica-
tion, unless the claimant can show me that this
testimony could not be obtained at the time when
the original petition was presented, because I re-
gard the testimony as materially and absolutely
essential. If Senators will take the trouble to ex-
amine they will find that there are cases in which
testimony has been presented to a committee tend-
ing to show that the commanding officer was dead
when he was actually alive. I recollect one case
distinctly, relating to a claim which may possibly
hereafter come before the Senate, in which a bill
had actually been reported by the committee to
the Senate; but the commanding officer, who was
alleged to have given the order, having heard of
the grounds upon which the bill was put, wrote a
letter to the committee, stating that he had never
given such an order as was contended, and that
no such acts had taken place under any direction
of his, as was alleged in the petition. That let-
ter appears on the public records. In consequence
of it the bill was rejected.
It follows of necessity that if you can dispense
with that evidence which was necessary at the
time, by the party laying by until the death of the
officer takes place, you aie rendering that rule
which was then established entirely nugatory.
Again, Mr. President, when that law was
passed, as a general law, it provided apro per mode
of adjudicating upon these claims of all kinds.
There was no want of notice. The regulations
ajid the modes of proof were all published for ?lx
weeks, under the orders of the President, in every
newspaper which published the laws of the United
States. Thepublic recordsshow that if this party
had jtTst claims he was bound to come in before
the commissioner. There was a period of two
years allowed to the commissioner; but he trans-
cended his authority, as to some branches of
relief, and reported so loosely that the President
became alarmed at the extent to which he would
involve the interests of the Government, from what
he supposed to be an improper construction of
the law, and hence he suspended the execution of
the commission until Congress could act further
upon the subject. Congress did then reform the
law of 1816, and ultimately transferred from the
commissioner the performance of the duties under
the law to the Treasury Department. The cases
were heard there. All those who chose to make
claims came before the Department and made them.
They were reported upon and acted upon—either
rejected or admitted. The pressure, however,
was so great that, subsequently, Congress again
passed a general law, in which they authorized an
extension of time.
The first law was limited in its operation to
March, 1818 or 1819—1 do not recollect which.
Congress then extended the provisions of the
laws of 1816 and 1817 to cases which had been
previously presented, and undetermined and un-
disposed of for a period of nine months, and re-
ferred them to the Treasury Department for de-
cision, and they were all acted upon under that
second law. From that time there is no doubt
that there have been, here and there, private cases
which have crept through, founded upon what is
called additional testimony, which means nothing
more than cumulative testimony, or that species
of testimony which arises in ex parte representa-
tions from the lapse of time, dispensing with testi-
mony which would have been essential under the
original law, and essential not as a technical re-
quisite, but in order to ascertain the true state of
the facts.
Under these circumstances, Mr. President, I"
cannot, as at present advised, vote for this bill.
Possibly, if I were to examine the case minutely
I might alter my opinion in relation to it; but
from the mere cursory reading of the report a
Senator is not able to give to it the examination
which he would desire. I am opposed to it on
these general grounds. When the bill was before
Congress years ago it was rejected. From my
ownexperience, in the examination of these cases,
I have found that what is called additional testi-
mony is, in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred,
nothing more than cumulative testimony; and
that, too, when the facts of the case, by lapse of
time, have passed from the memory of man, or
when the still greater change occurs, that lapse of
time has ripened '.into fact that which originally
was mere impression or hearsay. The lapse of
time sometimes, by constant impression on the
mind of the witness, ripens into fact what before
was but hearsay, and swears positively to that
which he would probably have stated at first only
hearsay information. This is necessarily incident
to the defects of humanity, arising from the ravages
which time will make in the human memory and
the human intellect, no matter how bright may be
either the one or the other.
Under the circumstances I cannot vote for this
bill. It was rejected formerly by Congress, and
1 am not prepared to overturn that decision on
any statement which I see of additional testimony,
or any proof, that the testimony which the law
required, and required in the soundest principles
of justice, could not.be obtained at the time when
the claim was originally presented. If it was not
obtained in consequence of the defect of the party,
that is his own fault; and it would be an entire
delusion to permit him now, when years have
gone by, to waive testimony which was considered
essential then, when it has arisen from his own
neglect that it was not procured.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I reported this
bill from the Committee of Claims, but I do not
know that I can say anything which will more
satisfactorily explain the case to the Senate than
the report explains it, for the report was made
