2168
THE .OONGRESSIOIf AL GLOBE.
August 3,
kingv they-were regularly organized, and had a
constitution of a most stringent character, and
most annihilatory to Houston. Well, after all
this had been done, after repeated meetings, they
sallied out one day into Galyeston. A cloud had
been threatening; it started up not larger than a
man's hand; a flash of lightning came, struck
their flag staff, and gave such an electric shock
. to this secret society that it never met again.
[Laughter. 1
Mr. WELLER. I have a remark or. two to
make. It is somewhat strange that at this period
of th(?session, when we have not time to discuss
t questions which are properly before us, that an
hour should be consumed in irrelevant debate.
The character of Commodore Mo", is not in-
' volved in the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Texas, [Mr. Rusk.] If what the other Sen-
ator from Texas [Mr. Houston] says is true—
that Commodore Moore is no longer a part of the
Texan navy, the amendment will in no form or
shape affect him, beSause it does not propose to
incorporate into the American Navy any one who
has been discharged. If Commodore Moore, as
the Senator says, was dishonorably discharged
previous to the annexation, this amendment in no
wiseaffects him. And again, if the representations
of that Senator be true, that Commodore Moore
is a pirate and murderer, 1 apprehend that the
Senate of the United States would never confirm
him, if the Executive dared to send such a char-
acter here for a commission in the Navy. That
amendment requires that the persons admitted to
our Navy shall be nominated by the President of
the United States, and confirmed by the Senate.
When the nomination is sent here, then, but not
till then, in my judgment, the proper time will
ihave&rrived for the Senatorfrom Texas to indulge
j,in his denunciation.
.. ijMr. President, you will allow me to say, whilst
4 am up, that the Senator from Tennessee [Mr.
ones] has shown that the Legislature of Texas,
"5j'nore than one occasion, indorsed the conduct
f-Commodore Moore, after the transactions to
vhieh the Senator [Mr. Houston] alludes, had
■j,taken place. Besides, public meetings were held
,jn various parts of Texas in which resolutions
:,were passed applauding his conduct during the
* './evolution in the very highest terms. Nor have 1
.."heard anything derogatory to his character from
any other quarter than from the Senator from
, Mr. HOUSTON. I will ask the Senator if he
. heard the documents read ?
Mr. WELLER. I did not, because I was not
here; but I have read a portion of the speech of
the Senator from Texas, which, in my judgment,
was entirely out of place. I shall never, at any
, time, avail myself of my position here in the Sen-
ate, to denounce, in the most opprobrious terms,
. men who have conferred signal advantages upon
my State—my personal wrongs must be adjusted
elsewhere. It is a matter of taste, however, and
the Senator from Texas and myself may differ
about it. He sees proper to indulge in it, and he
has the right, as a Senator, if he chooses, to bring
- his personal grievances before the American peo-
ple, through this body.
- But, Mr. President, I say that the Senate has
nothing to do, at the present moment, with this
question; that if Commodore Moore has been
discharged from the Texan navy the amendment
does not apply to him; and if he be a murderer and
> assassin, he is the last man that the American
Senate would ever confirm. If he is sent here
for confirmation, then, but not till then, will be the
time for the Senator from Texas to arraign him
before us. But I desire to say, sir, that I was in
the other branch of Congress when the resolutions,
providing for the annexation of Texas were passed
on the 3d of Mar™, 1845; and I undertake here,
to-day, to say that in voting for those resolutions
e ?s votins' as ' supp°sed, for the incorporation
of the whole of the Texas navy into the American
Navy, and that I did not understand by the term
"navy, merely the munitions of war, and the
few vessels which then constituted the whole of
the navy of that Republic, but it included the per-
sonnel as well as these. That was my understand-
mg of those resolutions when they were passed;
and even if there be doubt now as to the proper
construction to be given to it, I ask whether this
great and powerful nation is to give such a strict
construction as will operate gross injustice upon
those gallant men, who aided originally in estab-
lishing the independence of Texas, and whose
patriotism enabled us to derive the advantages
which we have received from the acquisition of
that immense territory, is the grossest injustice
to be perpetrated upon them on a mere technical
construction ? Does it become us as Americans,
as magnanimous' and generous men to refuse this
simple act of justice to those who periled their
lives in throwing off the yoke of Mexican bondage
and establishing the independence of Texas? Sir,
for one I shall be compelled from a sense of duty,
no matter what the consequences may be, to vote
for the amendment presented by my friend from
Texas.
Mr. HOUSTON. I, of course, must tender
my thanks to the Senator 
Mr. BAYARD. I regret to do so, but I must
call the Senator from Texas to order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have been attacked, sir.
I have been attacked.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Walker
in the chair.) A point of order is made. The
Senator from Delaware will please to state it.
Mr. BAYARD. The point of order is, that
according to the rules of the Senate, no member
can speak more than twice in the same debate
upon the same subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not understand the rule to be so.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 cannot but appreciate the
monition which the Senator from California has
seen proper to notice me with, to teach me some
of the proprieties of a Senator, and, as 1 under-
stand it, a gentleman. He is not in the habit of
bringing his private quarrels or griefs here, or of
availing himself of his senatorial position to
assail any one. I commend the propriety of the
gentleman. I have not availed myself sof my
senatorial position to attack any one; but when
attacked in my senatorial position, I responded to
the attacks made upon me. If the gentleman is
acquainted with the facts, he will find that at the
last session of Congress^the Senator from Mary-
land-[Mr. Pearce] asked me a question, to which
I responded, but merely in a short sentence, inju-
rious to no one, and attacking no one; and that
response of mine, in connection with an attack
made upon that Senator by the individual Moore,
became a subject of correspondence and of abuse
of myself, which was indorsed by an official edi-
tor. In response to that, I availed myself Of my
position to vindicate myself against the charges.
I did not assail any individual unprovokedly; but
I did repel assaults that were made upon me di-
rectly. I had been apprised of their continuance
for eight or ten years, but until presented in a
tangible shape, I had passed them by. That is
the position in which I am placed; and if the gen-
tleman has a new system of courtesy, of chiv-
alry, or gallantry, with which I have not been
acquainted, or if he chooses to read me a lecture
when it suits him to do so, I certainly ought to
feel humbly indebted to him for it. I have lived
up to this .date in the exchange of courtesies, and
an observer of the proprieties of life; but if I have
to look to a younger gentleman than myself, I
certainly have lived to but little purpose. I should
be much obliged to him, whenever he sees a de-
parture from the proper courtesy and respectful
senatorial demeanor if he would suggest to me, in
a more private manner, what the propriety will be,
and I shall be most happy to adopt his sugges-
tions.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the vote will be taken on
the amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. I called the honorable Sena-
tor from Texas to order, because I considered the
whole of this discussion to be irrelevant to the
question before the Senate. The rule of the Sen-
ate, under which I raised the point, is imperative,
and it was solely on that ground, and no other,
that I raised it. I take no part in this dispute. I
have nothing to do with it. I do not consider that
it has anything to do with the merits of the public
business. We have but a few hours left in which
we are to close up the business of the session, and
pass the appropriation bills which are before us;
and it was for that reason, and-because I thought
that an irrelevant discussion should not go on, con-
trary to the rules of the Senate, that I called the
honorable Senator to order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Walker.]
The Chair owes the Senator from Delaware an
apology. He did not, at the time the point was
made, remember the precise terms of the rule; but
it seems that the Senator was right, and the pres-
ent incumbent of the Chair was wrong; and that
the Senator made the question of order with pro-
priety.
Mr. RUSK. I shall not indulge in any debate
All this discussion, and these questions, are totally
irrelevant to the amendment which I have offered.
It does not present a question as to any individual,
but it proposes to authorize the President of the
United States to incorporate into the Navy of the
United States the officers belonging to the Texas
navy at the time of annexation. If it should be
adopted, and become a law, (as I trust it will, for
I believe it to be nothing but an act of justice,) it
remains with the President to inquire who be-
longed to the Texas navy. That question does
not come up here now. - It will come before the
President, and it must be determined by the laws
ef Texas.
Mr. DAWSON. Is there no compulsion on
the President?
Mr. RUSK. No, sir; none whatever. The
amendment" authorizes" him to do it. Then the
question will present itself, who belonged to the
Texas navy? That will be a question for the
President to determine, under the Texas laws.
As soon as he determines that, the qualifications
of whatever officer he nominates will necessarily
become a question bef&re the Senate on his con-
firmation.
The question was taken by yeas and nays; and
resulted—yeas 14, nays 22; as follows:
YT2AS—Messrs. Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge
of Iowa, Douglas, Houston, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones
of Tennessee, Morton, Peitit, Rusk, Seward, Thompson of
Kentucky, and Weller—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bright, Chase,
Fish, Fnzpatrick, Gillette, Gwin, Hunter, Mailory, Norris,
Fearee, Pratt, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart, Sumner, Thomsoa
of New Jersey, Toombs, Wade, and Walker—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
DANIEL STEENROD.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill for the relief of Daniel
Steenrod.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the naval appropriation
bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend the bill by
adding after the clause " for preparing for publica-
tion the American Nautical Almanac, $28,880,"
the words:
Provided, That any naval officer who may be charged
with the preparation, superintendence, or publication of
the Nautical Almanac, shall receive no compensation for
such duties beyond Ms shore duties pay proper.
Mr. PEARCE. I hope the Senate will not
agree to thai amendment. The object of it is to
reduce the compensation which is paid to the very
distinguished and intelligent officer who presides
over this work. He receives now $3,000 a year.
That is the sum which you allow to the officer in
charge of the ordnance; it is the same salary
which is allowed to the officer in charge of the
Observatory; and they are his juniors in rank.
The superintendence of the nautical almanac
requires the very highest degree of astronomical
science. I do not believe there was another officer
in the Navy competent to begin the work, which
Lieutenant Davis has carried through with re-
markable success. I believe the American nau-
tical almanac is now universally admitted to be
superior to the British. Its tables are fuller. They
are more accurate. The work is one of prime
necessity. No ship can go to sea without it. It
is indispensable to navigation; and it is a great
discredit to the country that its publication was
not commenced before. Well, sir, the work re-
quiring the very highest degree of science, and
arduous and continual labor, it does seem to me
the officer in charge of it, ought to receive the
salary now allowed to him, which is no more
than is allowed to officers on scientific duty in
other branches of the service who are his juniors.
I know there has never been any act expressly
authorizing the allowance of that salary to him;
but it has been paid for a number of years, and
the appropriations have been made accordingly.
1 That was a recognition at all events of the pro-
