1310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
the outset of this argument, 1 beg their pardon;
and 1 shall be ready to admit it when they explain.
I thought it was the principle of non-intervention
which was held to be so important. I thought
that was the doctrine of the Senator from North
Carolina at that time,and that he had no hostility
particularly to the Missouri compromise. On the
contrary, 1 thought that the honorable Senator
held that it was perfectly constitutional, and that
it was only necessary to repeal the compromise in
order to give place to the principle of non-inter-
vention.
In regard to this amendment, I mistook the Sen-
ator from Virginia, m the outset of his remarks,
in relation to its being an abstract question. But
I would ask that honorable Senator, and I will also
ask the honorable Senator from South Carolina,
if they have not yielded up, one after another, in
the support of this bill, every principle contended
for by the ultra State Rights party of the South,
except the simple repeal of that compromise?—
whether they have not made a general free-will
offering and sacrifice to our northern friends?
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I certainly
would not undertake to be the exponent of the
State Rights party from the South; but I do not
know any constitutional principle that we have
yielded.
Mr. BELL. Then I understand again. That
is a new revelation. I understand that the hon-
orable Senator thinks that the Constitution will
protect slavery in these Territories, pass it when
you will.
Mr. BUTLER. I understand, if you takeaway
all restrictions, and give us a fair chance, we are
as good as anybody else. [Laughter.]
Mr. BELL. That brings me to another ques-
tion. 1 thank the honorable Senator, because it
enables me to introduce a little moie gracefully
the idea I wanted to bring in, which it would
otherwise have taken some circumlocution to get
at. Why the necessity with those honorable
Senators, who rely on the integrity and inviola-
bility of the Constitution, of repealing the Mis-
souri compromise?
Mr. TOOMBS. Will the Senator allow me to
answer him ?
Mr. BELL. Certainly.
Mr. TOOMBS. The principle which I under-
stood I was supporting, was the amendment of
the honoiable Senator from Illinois, for which you
voted, and for which I voted; for this repeal you
and I both voted.
Mr. BELL. The repeal of the principle of the
Missouri compromise.
Mr. TOOMBS. For the principle of the bill,
and the amendment which tne Senator from Illi-
nois introduced, you and I voted, and agreed to
jn the caucus of its friends.
Mr. BELL. That is not a fair answer to the
question which I put; and 1 would not have asked
such a question of the honorable Senator, though
I will not complain of it. I shall have occasion,
perhaps, to explain it. With regard to the repeal
of the Missouri compromise upon constitutional
grounds, the honorable Senatoi says I voted for
it when offered as an amendment. That is not
an answer to the question, I respectfully submit.
He says his great object is to secure the repeal of
the Missouri compromise, because it was an un-
constitutional act, and that is the great principle
which he will not hazard by voting for the Clay-
ton amendment. I do not know whether the
honorable Senator voted for that.
Mr. TOOMBS. I was not here when it was
voted upon. I shall vote against it now.
Mr. BELL. The honorable Senator says he
will vote against it now, which implies very
strongly, I think, that he would have voted for it
then. That brings up what I want to state to the
honorable Senators from South Carolina and "Vir-
ginia. Suppose they are violating no principle,
that they are making no sacrifice to the honorable
Senator from Illinois, and to the northern gentle-
men who have gone for this bill, because they
consider they are shielded still by that aegis of the
Constitution which heretofore has protected the
rights of the slaveholder in all the Territories since
the Government of the United States was in oper-
ation over them by act of Congress, what I wanted
to know was why the necessity of this bill, if the
Missouri compromise act was unconstitutional?
As { have already said, (not in thisdebate,) again
and again, I thought there was no warrant in the
Constitution to authorize its passage. I have said
out of the Congress of the United States, and be-
fore the people, perhaps a hundred time£, that if
the South saw proper to make an issue upon this
slave question, it should have been done in those
times when there was great agitation in the South
upon this subject, and when these questions came
up for consideration in 1820-'21. That was the
time when the South should have stood by what
they considered their rights, and should not have
yielded. They were then strong. The North
was not feeble, to be sure, but the South might
expect to have stood successfully on that occasion.
It would have been at some hazard, it is true, but
then was the time to have made resistance to this
measure.
Now, in regard to those gentlemen who contend
that that act was unconstitutional, and therefore
ought to be repealed, when it was proclaimed that
this principle of non-intervention was an import-
ant one to be established in the country, or recog-
nized by the Congress of the United States, why
did not they rely upon the protection of the Con-
stitution? I had intended to put the question,
whether it was not intervention instead of non-
intervention in fact? We know that the compro-
mise acts of J850 left New Mexico and Utah free
territory. Well, what did the honorable Senators
who hold these extreme opinions in the South
then rely upon? What did those who agreed to
that compromise rely upon ? What did the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia rely upon on that
occasion when he supported those bills? It was,
as 1 understand, the desire to stand on the Con-
stitution, and to establish this principle of non-
intervention, and to allow the people to settle and
arrange their institutions under that Constitution ?
The Territories of Utah and New Mexico, when
they came into the Union, were free Territories
by the law of Spain and Mexico. The question
was raised, whether that really was prohibitory;
whether that was the condition of the country,
and whether slaves could go there with safety?
Those who were in favor of the compromise bills
said, whether they can or not, we will risk the
judicial tribunals in the decision of the question.
Then why, if the principle of non-intei vention
was incorporated in this bill, as I thought it was
at iirst, interfere or insist on now what seems to be
a mere abstraction, the repealing of the Missouri
compromise, after that principle was adopted by
a large majority of the Senate? it was supposed,
at that period of time, that slavery might go into
Kansas and Nebraska, because it was slave Ter-
ritory by the laws of the country from which we
acquireu it. They did not stop with the removal
of the Missouri compromise, but they further
went on to interpose or intervene by abrogating
the effect of the treaty of 1803.
But, sir, I do not mean to go intojj? argument
on this question. I mean to say now, that with
regard to this proposition, i voted for it before.
It was near the close of the debate in the Senate
on the bill; and at that time, I understood that
every southern Senator was in favor of it; and
when that question was mooted about the House,
it was believed that no bill could be carried through
there; that southern members would not vote for
it unless that amendment was incorporated into
it; and when that was voted in, I did not believe
the North would vote for it; so that the bill, as it
was agreed to by the Senate, it was presumed,
could not be carried through the House.
Mr. President, at that time, as well as now, I
did not see that there is the same interest or im-
portance involved in the question which the hon-
orable Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Bad-
ger,] or tfte honorable Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Peakce] conceive to be in this proposition.
Formerly it was understood that the bill could not
pass the House. There was some question, per-
haps, whether with the Clayton amendment m,
if fully considered, it would not, at all events,
diminish the vote in the Senate, but for the
prospect of striking it out in the House of Repre-
sentatives. I remember very well that I was struck
by an argument used by an honorable Senator
either from Iowa or Wisconsin, which was pre-
sented very briefly. It was asked, when the amend-
ment was moved by the Senator from Delaware,
why will you make this invidious and odious dis-
crimination between the privileges of foreigners
going into Minnesota and those going into Ne-
braska, which is just adjoining? It looks a little
unreasonable, and it is what these people can
never understand or comprehend. It will create
ill-feeling, and may lay the foundation of ill-feel-
ing.
But with the principles of this bill now, as they
stand incorporated in it, coming from the House
without the Clayton amendment, or as we sent it
from the Senate, it can be of no great importance
whether these people be admitted to vote in that
Territory or not. The difference is the time that
must elapse between the declaration of their in-
tentions to become citizens of the United States
and the expiration of their terms. It necessarily
implies those very feelings described by the hon-
orable Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge,] I think
it was, before the bill passed from this body. If
I considered that it was of such great importance
as the honorable Senators from North Carolina
and Georgia, arid other Senators have stated, that
we should risk nothing by the Clay ton amend-
ment, I would vote against it now. If I could
be convinced thatthe condition of things described
by the Senator from Indiana would arise at an-
other session of Congress, and that the common
sense or patriotism of the country, including the
South as well as any portion of the North, would
not forbear to press such a species of legislation
as was calculated to produce an effect so appalling
to every patriot, then I would not vote for it.
Again, if honorable Senators from the South
have made up their minds that there is a principle
of such high importance involved Jn this bill, a
principle connected with the stability of our insti-
tutions, the integrity of the Constitution, and the
preservation of the Union, I have nothing to say.
They are right, according to their own judgment;
and if I believed that there was the high principle
alluded to by the honorable Senator from North
Carolina, I do not think I would risk it there.
But what I mean to say is, that if honorable Sen-
ators from the South hold these opinions, that
there is great importance to be attached, as they
say there is, to the passage of this bill, and so
great and fundamental a principle is to be estab-
lished by it, then I think they ought not to vote
for this amendment, and, if I understood that was
the sense of a clear majority of southern gentlemen
on the subject, I should not vote for it myself;
but, sir, I know of no means of drawing such a
conclusion, that I can rest upon satisfactorily. If
honorable Senators from the South have made up
their minds to vote for this bill, without the
amendment, whether it carries or not, I think
there is a very decisive reason, which has not
been stated yet by any gentleman, why they
should so vote.
If the South shows a disposition to exclude these
aliens until they become naturalized citizens under
the laws of naturalization as they stand, when we
know that some half a million are flowing in upon
us every year, and that these new Territories, and
not only these, but every other Territory m the
northwest, is soon to be filled up with this class of
population, they will go with the feeling that the
slaveholding States of the Union would have
excluded them if they could; that it was their
purpose and disposition to do it, but they voted in
vain because they were in a minority; and why
would we, and why should we, implant such a
feeling as that in the bosom of whole districts and
countiesoftheseGerman emigrants, to say nothing
of the Irish who are likely to go there, unless we
can do it with effect at all events? At the time
when t1 is proposition was made in the Senate the
argument was that there was something more than
a mere abstraction in this bill, and some few hon-
orable Senators, not many of them, said to me
privately that they thought there was a chance
that slavery would go into the Territory of Kan-
sas. That was one idea which honorable Sen-
ators may have had at that time in support of this
bill.
Mr. President, I have stated my sentiments in-
coherently, because they have all occurred to me
in the progress of this debate. I mean to say that
if honorable Senators, and those from the South
particularly, have made up their minds to vote for
this bill, whether the Clayton amendment is at-
tached to it or not,I considerit impolitic that they
should do so. They ought not to show what their
disposition was without power to execute any
scheme of policy in relation to it. To be sure,
it might all result in having no decided effect in
that foreigners would go in, and it might never^be
