1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
The bill was reported to the.Senate without
amendments, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read a third time and passed.
KEOKUK AND DUBUQUE, IOWA.
On motion of Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, and by
unanimous consent, the bill to constitute Keo-
kuk, in the State of Iowa, a port of delivery, was
read a second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
It proposes to make Keokuk a port of delivery
in the collection district of New Orleans, and
makes the usual provisions for the appointment of
a surveyor of customs.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. If my colleague has no
objection. I move to amend the bill by adding to
it Senate bill (No. 207) to constitute Dubuque a
port of delivery, as an additional section.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I have no objection.
Both have been reported from the Committee on
Commerce unanimously,-and both have the sanc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury. The two
points are a hundred miles apart.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Then I move to amend
the bill by adding the following: ^
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That Dubuque, in the
State of Iowa, shall be, and is hereby, constituted a port of
delivery, and shall be subject to the same regulations and
restrictions as other ports of delivery in the United States;
and there shall he appointed a surveyor of customs, to re-
side at said port, who shall, in addition to his own duties,
perform the duties and receive the salary and emoluments
of surveyor, proscribed by the act of Congress,.approved on
the 2d of March, 1831, providing for the payment of duties
on imported goods at certain ports therein mentioned, en-
titled " An act allowing the duties on foreign merchandise
imported into Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cincinnati, Louisville, 1
St. Louis, Nashville, and Natchez, to be secured and paid
at those places," and the said city of Dubuque, and the said
port of delivery be, and is hereby, annexed to, and made
part of, the port of New Orleans, and all the facilities and
privileges afforded by said act of Congress of the 2d of
March, 1831, be, and are hereby, extended to the baid port
of Dubuque.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, was read a third
time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, its title
was amended, so as to read, " A bill to constitute
Keokuk and Dubuque, in the State of Iowa, ports
of delivery.
SOLAR COMPASS.
The engrossed bill to enable the United States
to make use of the solar compass in the public
surveys was read a third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein# the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 10, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE SEIZURE OF THE BLACK WARRIOR.
Mr. PHILLIPS. 1 desire the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution of in-
quiry. The property of a portion of my constit-
uents has been confiscated by virtue of a foreign
Power, under circumstances, as they now appear,
of great aggravation. This is a question which
concerns not only my own constituents but in-
volves the interest and honor of this Government.
S ask that the resolution be read, and I trust that
its character will at once secure for it the consid-
eration its importance demands, and that it be at
once adopted.
The resolution was read, as follows;
Resolved, That Che President be requested, if not incon-
sistent with the public interest, to communicate to this
House any information he may have received relative to
ihe detention of the steamer Black Warrior, the seizure of
.her cargo, or the imprisonment of herofficeis. Also, any
information m reference to any other violaiion of our rights
by the Spanish authorities.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope that resolution will be
allowed to pass.
No objection being made to its introduction, the
question was taken upon its adoption, and decided
in the affirmative.
So the resolution was agreed to.
PENSIONS TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois, asked and
obtained leave, and introduced joint resolutions of
the Legislature of Illinois, instructing the Sena-
tors, and requesting the Representatives from that
State, to procure the passage of a bill extending to
the surviving officers and soldiers of the war of
1812 the same pensions which have been granted
to others who have served their country in other
wars.
The resolutions were read, and ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
LIGHT-HOUSE ON COHASSET ROCKS.
Mr. FULLER. Before we proceed to the reg-
ular order of business, I ask the indulgence of the
House to allow me to introduce, from the Com-
mitteeon Commerce,ajointresolution,and'to have
it considered at this time, to enable the Secretary
of the Treasury to act upon a very important
matter. It requires immediate action. I have the
letter of the Secretary in my hand, which I will
read, if any gentleman doubts the propriety of the
resolution.
The joint resolution was then read a first and
second time by its title, as follows:
Joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury, and the Light-House Board to determine
upon the site, plan, and mode of constructing the
light-house upon Cohasset rocks, and for other
purposes.
Mr. FULLER. The resolution has been con-
sidered very carefully by the committee, and I ask
that the letter of the Secretary may be read.
A Member. No need of that.
The reso! ution was then ordered to be engrossed,
and read a third time; and having been engrossed,
it was subsequently read a third time, and passed.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask leave to introducea
memorial from the Smithsonian Institution, with
a view of having it referred to the special commit-
tee appointed early in January. It is a memorial
asking Congress to authorize the Treasury De-
partment to receive $150,000, saved from the ac-
crued interest, on the same terms as those on which
the original bequest was received.
The SPEAK.ER. There being no objection, it
will be so ordered.
Mr. BISSELL. I rise to a privileged question.
I desire to make a report from the Committee of
Conference on the bill relating to the compensa-
tion of the San Francisco sufferers.
The SPEAKER,. The previous question having
been ordered to be put upon the bill under con-
sideration yesterday, it will require the consent
of the House to allow the gentleman from Illinois
to make his report.
Mr. CLING-MAN. I hope there will be no
objection.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
the gentleman from Illinois has the floor to make
his report.
The report of the Committee of Conference was
then read, as follows:
The Committee of Conference upon the two disagreeing j
votes of the two Houses upon the bill for the relief of United j
States troops who were sufferers by the recent disaster to i
the steamship San Francisco met, and, after a full and free t
consultation, agree to recommend that the Senate recede 1
from their second amendment, disagreed to hy the House of
Representatives, to this bill, (H. R. No. 135,) and that the
bill be further amended in section one, line rune, by strik-
ing out the word "four," and inserting in lieu thereof the
word " eight."
JAS. SHIELDS,
JAMES C. JONES,
it. w. johnson,
Committee on the fart of the Senate.
XV. II. BISSELL,
j. r. chandler,
Committee on the part of the House of Representatives.
The'question was then put; and the report of
the committee was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama. I ask the unan-
imous consent to present resolutions from the
General Assembly of the State of Alabama, with
a view to have them referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The resolutions set forth that there are large
tracts of fine lands in the State of Alabama re-
maining unsold, which are now considered poor,
and which at present bring in but little revenue to j
the General Government; and if the price of those
were materially reduced, that the revenue arising j
from the sale of the same to the Government and j
to the State would be greatly increased. Congress ;
is invoked to give the subject its earliest attention,
and materially reduce the price of the same.
The SPEAKER. "There being no objection*
the resolutions will be received, ana referred to- the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar.
MINNESOTA RAILROAD BILL..
The SPEAKER. There is a question already
pending under the operation of the previous ques-
tion, which is on laying the following bill upon
the table:
An act to aid the Territory of Minnesota in
constructing a railroad in said Territory for mili-
tary, postal, and for other purposes.
Mr. DEAN.. As 1 made the motion to lay the
bill upon the table, and asked the yeas and nays,
I withdraw the call for the yeas and nays, and
will also, with the consent of the House, with-
draw the motion to lay the bill upon the table;
but I shall renew it at the proper time.
Mr. AIKEN. I asK the unanimous consent of
the House to withdraw the memorial and papers
of Susannah Wayne Pinckney from the files of
House, for the purpose of presenting them to the
Senate.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,it
will be so ordered.
Mr. MILLSON. I want to test the bill in its
present consideration, therefore I move to lay the
bill and amendments on the table;, and upon thai
motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish to inquire of
the Chair whether this is the regular order of
business, and whether it must necessarily take
precedence of all other business?
The SPEAKER. It is the regular order of
business, and the mam question having beer*
ordered to be now put, no other business is in
order until it is disposed of.
The question was then put; and decided in the
negative—yeas 72, nays 107; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken,Thomas H. 15ayly, JBelcher, Ben-
nett, Bocock, Boyce, Carpenter, Caskie, Chastain, Chris-
man, Colquitt, Craige, Dean, Dent, Drum, Ewing, Faulk-
ner, Fuller, Gamble, Giddings,Goode,Grey,Grow, Hamil-.
ton, Aaron Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Wdey P. Harris",
Hastings, Haven, Hendricks, Hibbard, Hiester, IngersoH,
Dame! T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kitt>
redge, Kurtz, Lane, Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch, McMuf-
!jn, McNair, McQueen, Maurice, Millson, Morrison, Mur-
ray, Andrew Oliver, Peckliam, Bishop Perkins, Poweli,
Pratt. Preston, Puryear, Seward, Seymour, Shaw,Shower,
Skelton, Gerrit Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
Snodgrass, Stratton, Straub, Andrew Stuart, Vail, Vansant,
Wade, and Ilendrick B. Wright—72.
NAVTS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Barfc^-
dale, Benson, Bissell, Breckinridge, Bugg, Campbell, Ca-
withers, ChambPrlam, Chandler, Chase, Claik, Chugman,
Cobb, Cook, Coiwin, Cox, Crocker, Cullom, John G. Da-
vis, Thomas Davis, Dawson, De Wilt, Dick, Dickinson,
Disney, Dunbar. Eastman, Eddy, Edgcrton, Edmands, El-
lison, English, Farley, Franklin, Goodrich, Green, Green-
wood, Harrison, Ilenn, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Johnson,
Roland Jones', Ken, Knox, Lamb, LimUley, Macdorrild,
MeDougall, Mace, Macy, Malteson, Maxwell, Middfes-
warih, John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Morgan, Nichols,
Noble, Norton, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Pennington,
Phelp-s, Phillips,Pringlc, Heady, Reese Richardson, Riddle,
David Ritchie, Thomas Rite hey, Robbms, Rogers, Russell,
Sage, Sapp, Shannon, Simmons, Sincleton, William R.
Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Hestnr L. Stevens,
John L. Taylor, Thurston, Tracy, Upham, Walbridge,
Walley, Warren, Ellihu B Washbume, Israel Washburn,
Wellb, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook,
Wheeler, Daniel B. Wright, and Zolhcotfer—lfl7:
So the House refused to lay the bill and amend-
ments upon the table.
Pending; the call of the roll—
Mr. DOWDELL (who-was not within the bar
when his name was called) asked the unanimous
consent of the House to vote.
Mr. REESE objected.
The SPEAKER. On yesterday, the motion
was submitted to reconsider the vote by which the
fourth amendment reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union was
adopted, and a further motion was made to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table. The ques-
tion now pending before the House is upon this
latter motion, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. LILLY. I ask that the amendment may
be reported to the House before we are called to
vote upon it.
The amendment was read by the Clerk, and is
as follows:
