60S
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
" Insert at the end of the third section, the following:
"Provided, however, That the money arising from the
sales of the reserved sections shall be paid over to those
States which have received no grant of the public lands for
interna! improvements, according to their representation in
Congress."
The question was put; and decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 95, nays 90; as follows:
YEAS—-Messis. Aiken, Ashe, Belcher, Bennett, Benson,
Boyce, Bridges, Bugs, Carpenter, Caskie, Chandler, Chas-
tatn, Chusman, Colquitt, Cox, Craige, Crocker, Thomas
Davis, Dent, Dick, Dickinson, Edmonds, Edmundson, Ethe-
ridge, Everhart, Ewing, Farley, Fuutkner, Franklin, Fuller,
Giddinss,Goode, Goodrich,Grey, Aaron Harlan, Haven, Hib-
bard, Hiester, Hill, Howe, Daniel T.Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Kerr, Kittiedg'*, Kurtz, Letehct, Lilly, McCulloch, McMul-
lin, McNair, McQueen, Matteson, Maurice, May, Meacham,
Middlcswarth,Millson, Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Andrew
Oliver, Peckham, Bishop Perkins, Pratt, Preston, Pringle,
Puryear, Ready, Reese, Riddle, David Ritchie, Rogeis, Rus-
sell, Sabin, Sage, Sewatd, Shaw, Shower, Simmons,Skel-
ton, William Smith, Snodgrass, Straton, Straub, Thurston,
Tracy, Upham,Vail, Vansant, Wade, Wallpy, Israel Wash-
burn, Tappan Wentworth, YVheeler, and Zollicoffer—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombte, James C. Allen, Thomas
H. Bayly, Bull, Banks, Barksddle, Benton, Bissell, Bocock,
Breckinridge, Campbell, Caruthers, Chamberlain, Clark,
Clingman, Cobb, Cook, Corwin, John G. Pavis, Dawson,
Dean, De Witt, Disney, Dowdell, Dunbar, Eastman, Eddy,
Eilgerton, Ellison, English, Gamble, Green, Greenwood,
Grow, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Harrison,
Hastings,Hendricks, Henn, Hughes, Hunt, Ingersoll, John-
son, George W. Jones, Rolond Jones, Knox, Lamb, Lind-
ley, Lind ley, Maedonald, MrDougall, Macv, Maxwell,
JohnG. Miller, Simih Miller, Nichols, Noble, Norton, Olds,
Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Pennington, Phelps, Phillips, Pow-
ell, Richardson, Thomas Ritchey, Robbins, Snpp, Sey-
mour, Shannon,Singleton,GerntSmith, Samuel A Smith,
William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stan
ton, Alexander H. Stephens, Hestor L. Stevens, John L.
Taylor, Walbridge, Wurryn, ElhhuB. Wa^hburne, Wells,
John Wentworth, Westbrook, Daniel B. Wright, Iiendrick
B. Wright, and Yates—90.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
.table.
After the roll had been called, and before the
result was announced—
Mr. HARLAN, of Indiana, who waa without
the bar when his name was called, asked the
unanimous consent of the House to have his name
recorded.
Several Members objected.
Mr. HARLAN then stated that had hp been
within the bar he should have voted " No."
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, who was also without
the bar, stated that he should have voted " jN^."
Mr. DEAN. I now move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. "WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from New York will not press that mo-
tion, but will allow the vote to be taken on the
passage of the bill. Let lis friends take care of it
now. I hope the gentleman from New York will
withdraw his motion to lay the bill upon thetable.
[Cries of " No !" " No !" and " Order !"]
Mr. DEAN. I cannot withdraw it.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. 1 rise to a ques-
tion of order. As I understood the proceedings
of the House this morning, a vote was taken on
the motion to lay this bill upon the table immedi-
ately before the last vote. The question of order
that I raise is, whether that motion can be again
made now ?
The SPEAKER. As there has been action on
the subject of the bill since that motion was voted
on, the motion of the gentleman from New York
is in order, according to the practice and the rules
of the House.
Mr. WRIGHT. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
any motion until order is restored.
Mr. WRIGHT. That is the very point which
I wish to make, that order be enforced.
Mr. McCULLOCH. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now is on the
motion to lay the bill on the table, on which mo-
tion the yeas and nays are ordered.
The roll was called, and the question was de-
cided m the affirmative, there being—yeas 126,
nays 66, as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Aiken, Jnmes C. Allen, Thomas H.
Bajly, Barksdtlle, Belcher, Bennett, Benton, iio-
cock, Boyce, Bieckiuiulae, Bridge, Campbell, Carpenter,
Ca^kte. Chamberlain, Ohastairi, Chrisman, ClarK, Cobb,
Colquitt, Craige, John G. l>avi«, Dawf-on, Dean, Dent,
Disney, Dowdell, Dtunt, Dunbar, Eastman, Eddv, Edger-
ton, Edmundson, Eihot, Ellison, English, Ethendge, Evv-
ing, Faulkner, Fuller, Gamble, Giddings, Goode, Green,
Grow, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Hast-
ings, Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hiester, Hughes,
Ingers-oll, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J.
Glancy Joints, Roland Jon*s,Keitt, Kittredge, Knox, Kurtz,
Lamb, Lane, Letcher, Lilly, Lindsiey,McJDougall, McMul-
lin, McNair, McQueen, Maurice, Maxwell, May, Smith
Miller, MiHson, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Noble, Norton,
Olds, AndrewOJiver, Orr, Peckham, John Perkins. Phelps,
Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Preston, Puryear, Thomas Ritchey,
Sapp, Seward, Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Sin
gleton, Skelton, Gernt Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith,Georsre W. Smyth, Snodgrass, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Stratton, Straub, Andrew Stuart, Vail,
Vansant, Wade, Westbrook, Wright, and Yates—120
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Appleton, Ball, Benson,
Bugg,Caruihers, Chandler, Chase, Clingman, Cook, Cor-
win, Cox, Crocker, Cullom, Thomas Davis, De Witt, Dick,
Dickinson, Edmands, Everhart, Farley, Franklin, Good-
rich, Greenwood, Grey, Harrison, Hill, Howe, Hunt, Kerr,
Lindley, McCulloch, Matteson, Meacham, Middleswarth,
John G. Miller, Morgan, Pennington, Bishop Perkins,Prin-
gle. Ready, Reese, Riddle, David Ritchie, Robbins, Rogers,
Russell, Sahin, Sage, Simmons, William R. Smith, Alex-
ander H. Stephens, John L. Taylor, Thuiston, Tracy, Up-
hain, Walbridge, Walley, Elhhu B. Washburn#1, Israel
Washburn, Wells John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth,
Wheeler, and Zollicoffer—66.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois, when his
name was called on the above vote, said: When
a bill is upon the table, it is dead. While it is
off the table, it .is alive; and while there is life
there is hope; and this is my reason for voting
44 no" now.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I rise to a privileged
question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
will state his privileged question.
Mr. LANE. I move to reconsider the vote just
taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The question was taken; and the latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to ^privileged
question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
will state his privileged question.
* Mr. RICHARDSON. The Committee of the
Whole has reported two or three little bills, and
if there is no provision in them to appropriate part
of the money to the old States I trust the House
will pass them. One of these bills is for the con-
struction of a road in New Mexico—not a railroad,
but a common wagon road. I ask that that bill be
now taken up and considered.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SKELTON. I ask for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is, first, the consideration of certain Senate
bills.
The following Senate bills were then read a first
and second time by their titles,and referred as in-
dicated below:
An act to incorporate the proprietors of the
Glenwood Cemetery—to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
An act for the relief of Conrad Wheat, jr., or
his legal representatives—to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Samuel Prioieau, deceased—to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
An act authorizing a patent to be issued to Peter
Ponsin, for certain lands theiein described—to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
An act for the relief of Zadoc C. Ingram—to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that when tins House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. SOLLERS. 1 ask for tellers upon that
motion.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Bayly, and it was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As it appears evi-
dent that we shall not go into committee to-day,
I think if the gentleman [Mr. Edgerton] will per-
mit the few bills in reference to Territories which
have come from the Committee of the Whole to
the House to be disposed of, we could then adjourn.
But if that is not done, I move that the House do
adjourn now.
Mr. EDGERTON. I would state to the House,
that during this whole session, but one solitary
day has been devoted to the consideration of pri-
vate claims. But one single day on which they
could be discussed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask one
question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can do so by
leave of the House.
Mr. JONES. I would say Saturdays are pri-
vate bill days; and they have been considered on
those days.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. JONES. I move that the House do now
adjourn. *
The question was put; and the motion was not
agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the motion
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole upon the Private Calendar, it was
put, a/nd decided in the affirmative.
^ PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The House then resolved itself into a Commit-
tee of the Whole House upon the Private Calen-
dar, (Mr. Campbell in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The bill first in order for
consideration is No. 51, being a bill for the relief
of the widow and heirs of Elijah Beebe.
The fyill provides that the sum of $3,016, ad-
judged to be due and owing to the widow and
heirs of Elijah Beebe from the Sac and Pox tribe
of Indians, by the Hon. Henry Dodge, when
Governor of Wisconsin Territory, shall be de-
ducted from the first annuities that may become
due to the said tribe of Indians.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I call for the
reading of the report in the case.
Mr. ORR. Tha report in this case embraces
seventeen pages; and I think I can so state the
question so that the House can understand it in a
much shorter time than by the reading of the
report.
This is an application, Mr. Chairman, by the
legal representatives of Elijah Beebe, for indemnity
for depredations committed upon his property by
the Sac and Pox tribe of Indians, in the year
1821, west of the Mississippi river, in what is now
called the State of Iowa. The questions for the
committee to determine in this case are,first, as to
the destruction of the property; and second, as to
the liability of the Government to pay for this
property. The Committee on Indian Affairs, who
examined the matter, were satisfied that the case
was made out. One of the witnesses, who was
with him at the time, testified to it. He was
driving a stock of cattle and hogs to a fort upon
the Upper Mississippi—Fort Snelhng, I believe—
from Charaton, frontier point in the State of Mis-
souri, for the purpose of supplying that fort.
While Mr. Beebe and his men were on the way,
the Sd.cs and Poxes came upon them, and drove
off their stock, of upwards of twenty head of cattle,
which they succeeded m reclaiming. The next
day the Indians again assailed them, drove off
some twenty-eight head, and destroyed them.
They also drove off, and they were lost to those
parties, some four hundred and fifty head of hogs.
A witness, whose credibility is certified to by the
honorable gentleman from Missouri, in the report
which I hold in my hand, testifies that he was
with Beebe when the property was destroyed.
The objection which has been started to the bill,
and the only report, so far as I know, is in the ques-
tion whether this Government is liable in a case of
this sort where property belonging to citizens of
the United States was destroyed by the Indians ?
Now, by the act of Congress passed 1802, regu-
lating intercourse with the Indians, it is provided
that if any Indians belonging to any tribe in amity
shall steal, take, or destroy any property belong-
ing to any citizens of the United Stales, the party,
on making complaint to the Indian agent, shall be
reimbursed from the next annuity paid to the In-
dians so taking or destroying his property, in case
annuities are due to such Indians. But if the In-
dians receive no annuities, then the act gives a
full guarantee that the parties suffering shall be
fully reimbursed out of the Treasury.
Now, sir, at the time when these depredations
were committed the Sacs and Foxes received no
annuities. They were committed in 1821. Beebe
