1312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25.
Mr. PHELPS. I will state for the informa-
tion of the gentleman from California, and the
members of the House generally, that if we will
remain here for the ordinary time to-day, we can
dispose of all the amendments to the deficiency
bill, and report it to the House. Let us talk less
and vote more.
Mr. WALSH. I object to the postponement
of the special order.
PRINTING OF THE REPORT UPON BANKS.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury desiTes to have a few copies
of his report on the subject of banks printed. I
therefore Bubmit the following resolution, that it
may be referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That fifteen hundred extra copies of the
annual report of ihe Secretary of the Treasury on the con-
dition of the banks of the United States, communicated to
the House of Representatives on the — instant, be printed
for the uee of the Treasury Department.
The resolution was referred, under the rule, to
the Committee on Printing.
AFRICANIZATION OF CUBA.
Mr. DUNBAR, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the resolutions of the Legislature of Louis-
iana, upon the subject of the Africanization of
Cuba; which were referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
CASE OF CAPTAIN GIBSON.
Mr. ORR. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to present the proceedings of
two public meetings in my district, convened to
give expression of opinion on the subject of the
recent outrage committed by the Dutch authorities
in the East Indies on the person and property of
Captain Waiter M. Gibson, late a citizen of South
Carolina. He was seized in the Island of Java
and tin own into prison at Batavia, upon pretense
of having been guilty of sedition against the Dutch
Government in their Indian possessions. He was
thrice tried for the offense and acquitted by their
judicial tribunals; but the Governor was dissatis-
fied with the result of these trials, and he was a
fourth time tried by a star chamber court, where
he was not allowed to confront his accusers, or be
represented by counsel. He was convicted, and
sentenced to death; but a day or two before the
sentence was to be executed, he succeeded in
making his escape. His vessel, the schooner
Flirt, and its contents, were confiscated by the
Dutch authorities, and all the earnings of his life
sacrificed to Dutch injustice, intolerance, ajid
cupidity.
The meetings were held at Pendleton and An-
derson, and were composed of persons of high
character and intelligence. The persons compos-
ing; the meetings were acquaintances of Captain
Gibson; they had known him many years, and j
they indorse his character, his integrity, and his ,!
woith. They ask this Government to demand ii
and enforce full reparation for this outrage upon jj
the person of one of their fellow-citizens. The
resolutions at Pendleton were drafted and pre-
sented by my predecessor here, Hon.R. F.Simp-
son, himself a man of high character and intelli-
gence, and contain the expression of opinion of
Captain Gibson's former neighbors us to his
worth, and the enormity of the outrage perpetrated
on him.
Mr. KNOX. I object. I do not understand
why the resolutions cannot be presented under
the rules. j|
Mr. ORR presented the resolutions under the ij
rule, arid referred them to the Committee on For- jj
eign Affairs. ij
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Chandler in the
chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The House has resolved
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union for the purpose of considering the
special order, upon which the gentleman from
California [Mr. McDougall] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. PHELPS. With the permission of my
friend from California, who yields me the floor
for that purpose, I move that the further consider-
ation of the Pacific railroad bill be postponed until
to-morrow.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will state, with the
leave of the committee, that 1 do not consent to
this arrangement, except upon the.express under-
standing that to-morrow we proceed to the con-
sideration of the special order.
Mr. PHELPS. I make the motion to suspend
the consideration of the special order with a view
of finishing this bill to-day. I believe we can do
it in the course of two hours.
The CHAIRMAN. It is moved th*t the fur-
ther consideration of the special order of the day,
which is the Pacific railroad bill, be postponed
for the day, with the view of taking up for con-
sideration the deficiency bill.
Mr. WHEELER. Upon that motion I demand
tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to make an inquiry. I
wish to know whether a majority can suspend the
consideration of a special order, or whether it
requires unanimous consent to do so ?
Mr. WHEELER. I move a call of the House.
There is no quorum here.
The question then being upon Mr. Phelps's
motion,
Mr. WHEELER demanded a division.
The House then divided; and the Chairman
reported—ayes 78; but before the vote in the
negative was declared,
Mr. PHELPS said: I withdraw the motion I
made, for the purpose of submitting it m another
form.
Mr. DEAN. I renew the motion that the
consideration ofthe special older be postponed till
to-morrow, and that the deficiency bill be now
taken up.
Mr. MORGAN. I would like to know whether
gentlemen have a right to vote on both sides?
The CHAIRMAN. There is no rule on that
point.
The question being on the motion to postpone
further the special order for the consideration of
the Pacific railroad bill,
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell,
and Davis of Indiana, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 91, noes 29.
So the special order was further postponed, and
the deficiency bill was again taken up.
The forty-fourth amendment was reported, as
follows:
For compensation of the judge of fust instance in civil
cases for the district of San Francisco, California, per ap-
pointment dated 2lst of September, 1M9, by the lute Gen-
eral li. Riley, while Governor of that country, from the
1st October, 1849, to the 1st April, 1850, ;£7.'>0.
Mr. PHELPS The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that Senate
amendment.
The question was put; and the amendment was
concurred in.
The forty-fifth amendment was then read, as
follows:
Strike out of the original hill the following :
For compensation for the discharge of United States con-
sular duties at Constantinople, in confbimity wnh the act of
Congress approved August U, 184$, $3,594 50, or so much
theieof as may be necessary, to be paid, under the direction
ot the Secretary of State, to such person or persons as may
be entitled to the same, or any portion thereof.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence m that amend-
ment.
The question was put; and the amendment was
concurred in.
The forty-sixth amendment was then reported,
as follows: |
At the end of the bill add the following section : i
Sec. 2. Jlndbeit fuil/ter enactcd, That all books, papers, !
documents, and records in tiie Department of the Jfnteiior, j
may be copied and certified, under the seal of that Depart- j
ment, (which is hereby recognized as legal,) m the same i
manner as those in the oilier Executive Departments may '
now by law be, and with the same foice and effect. |
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to oiler an amendment
to the amendment. The amendment I propose is
purely of a legal character, and involves the appro-
priation of no money. I send it to the Clerk's
desk that it may be read.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
Add to the Senate amendment the following :
And in all cases where a seal is necessary by law to any
commission, process, or .other instrument, provided for by
the law of Congress, it shall be lawful to affix the proper
seal by making an impression therewith directly on the
paper to which the seal is necessary ; which shall be as
valid as if made upon wax or other substance.
Mr. COBB. That is the law now.
Mr. HAVEN. I have a word to say in refer-
ence to that amendment, and a word only. It
has been decided repeatedly in the courts of the
northern part of the Union, that a seal, properly
,speaking, is not such unless it is made by an im-
pression upon wax, or upon some other adhesive
substance. Difficulties have arisen in reference to
seals of the different Departments of the Govern-
ment of the United States upon commissions, in
some of the northern courts of the United States,
upon the very ground that the impression was
directly upon the paper, instead of upon wax or
other adhesive substance. I thought to avoid this
difficulty in future by adopting the amendment
which I have offered.
The question was then put upon Mr. Haven's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the Senate
amendment, as amended, it was put, and con-
curred in.
The forty-seventh amendment was then reported,
as follows:
Sec. 3. Jlndheit further enacted, That hereafter the
commissions of ail officers, under the direction and control
of the Secretary of the Interior, «hall be made out and
recorded in the Department of the Interior, and the seal of
the said Department affixed thereto, any laws to the con-
trary notwithstanding : Provided, That the said seal shall
not be affixed to any such commission before the same shall
have been signed by the President of the United States.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that Senate
amendment.
The question was then put; and the amendment
was concurred in.
The forty-eighth amendment was then reported,
as follows:
Sec. 4. Jlnd be U further enacted, That before any pay-
ment shall hereafter be made to any invalid pensioner
whose name shall have been upon the pension list two
years, he shall produce to the agents for paying pensions, to
whom ho shall apply for payment, the affidavit of two sur-
geons or physicians, satisfactory to the Secretary of the In-
terior, stating, from personal examination, the continuance
of the disability, describing it, for which the pension was
originally gianted, and the rate of ouch disability at the
time of making such affidavit, blank forms of which shall
be furnished by the Commissioner of Pensions to agents for
paying pensions, for the use of pensioners; and if in said
affidavit the disability shall be stated at a rate below that
for which the pension was originally granted, he shall only
he paid at the rate stated in said affidavit. Said affidavit
shall be filed by said agents, and carefully preserved, and
copies thereof shall be transmitted, with the semi-annual
returns of said agents, to the Commissioner of Pensions,
who shall file them wnh the original papers of said pen-
sioner, respectively: Provided, That when the pension
shall have been oriemally granted bv a special act of Con-
gress, or for a total disability for the loss of a limb or other
cause, which cannot be removed, either in whole or in
part, the above affidavit shall not be required.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrenee in that
amendment. I think the matter is before the
Committee on the Judiciary in this House. If I
mistake not, a communication was referred to that
committee yesterday. I think that it should un-
dergo an examination before that or some other
committee of this House. We have, therefore,
recommended a non-concurrence in the amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike
out after the word affidavit as follows:
" Said affidavit shall be filed by «aid agents, and carefully
preserved, and copies thereof -shall be transmitted, with the
semi annual returns ofsiud agents, to the Commissionerof
Pensions, who shall file them with the onginal papers of
said pensioner, respectively : Provided, That when thepen-
sion bhall have been originally granted by a vpecnil act of
Congress, or for a total disability for the loss of a limb or
other cause, which cannot be removed, either in whole or
m part, the above affidavit shall not be required."
Mr. Chairman, in my opinion, the adoption of
the principle contained in this amendment will be
tantamount to a repeal of your invalid pension
law. It will, at least,so embarrass those who are
entitled to them, as, in many cases, to make it im-
possible for them to get them. The invalid pen-
sion law operates mostly for the benefit of private
citizens, who, in time of war, have volunteered
in the service of the country. You have provided
by that law, that, where they have become dis-
abled in the service of the country, they shall re-
ceive a pension, sometimes two dollars a month,
