1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2171
o'clock and gone on with other business, so that
it requires a motion to take it up.
Mr. WELLER. Suppose gentlemen^allow us
a short time to pass a number of House private
bills?
Mr. SLIDELL. I think there can be no ob-
jection to the light-house bill. There is no amend-
ment to be offered to it. The bill was adopted
after consultation between the committees of the
two Houses, and certainly it is desirable to pass
it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will submit the question on the motion to take up
the light-house bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ac-
cordingly, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill from the House of
Representatives " making appropriations for light-
houses, light-boats, buoys, &c., and providing for
the erection and establishment of the same, and for
other purposes," which had been reported from
the Committee on Commerce without amendment.
Mr. STUART. Now, I hope the Senate will
consent to take the question on the passage of the
bill without reading it at length.
Mr. WELLER. I wish to knew what is in it.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill, but
before he concluded
Mr. WELLER said: I have heard enough of
that bill to satisfy me that it is all right, and un-
less somebody else calls for its reading, 1 withdraw
my call.
There being no objection, thefurther reading of
the bill was djspensed with. It was then reported
to the Senate without amendment, ordered to a
third reading, read a third time, and passed.
MINNESOTA LAND BILL.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask the Senate now to take
up the bill from the House of Representatives
repealing the act making a land grant to the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER, (Mr. Walker.)
If there be no objection, the bill will now have its
first reading.
Mr. STUART. I prefer not to take up that
question how. I have no objection, however, to
the bill being read a first time.
The bill from the House " to repeal an act to
aid the Territory of Minnesota in the construction
of a railroad therein" was read a first time, and
ordered to a second reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, it will now have its second reading.
Mr. STUART. I object.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had passed the following bills
of the Senate without amendment:
An act to authorize the S.tate of Illinois to select
the residue of tfie lands to which she is entitled
under the act of 2d of March 1827, granting land
to aid that State m opening a canal to connect the
waters of the Illinois with those of Lake Michi-
gan;
An act to constitute Cairo, in the State of Illi-
nois, a port of delivery;
An act to authorize the State of Wisconsin to
select the residue of the lands to which she is en-
titled under the act of 8th August 1846, for the
improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers;
An act constituting San Pedro, in the State of
California, a port of entry and delivery; and
An act to vest in the several States and Territo-
ries, the title in fee of the lands which have been
or may be certified to them.
Also, that the House had passed the following
bills of the Senate with amendments, in which
they requested the concurrence of the Senate:
An act to incorporate the National Hotel Com-
pany of Washington City; and
An act to constitute Pilatka and Bayport, in the
State of Florida, ports of delivery respectively.
MRS. HELEN MACKAY.
Mr. ATCHISON. There are a few private
bills, in which my constituents are interested,
which I ask the Senate, as a favor now to take up.
The first is House bill "for the relief of Mrs.
Helen Mackay, widow of the late Colonel iEneas
Mackay deputy quartermaster-general, United
States Army."
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
Its object is to direct the payment of $6,537 09
to Mrs. Mackay, as allowance of commissions
for disbursements of special appropriations by
her late husband, Colonel ^Eneas Mackay, prior
to September 30, 1838.
General Jesup and Major General Scott bear
testimony to'the long and faithful service of Col-
onel Mackay, who disbursed millions of dollars
of the public money, without the loss of a dollar
to the Government; but the committee do not
place the claim to relief on the ground of a faith-
ful discharge of official duty, but on the ground
that he performed a service that was extra official,
and for which his representatives are entitled to a
reasonable compensation at the hands of the Gov-
ernment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oidered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
CAPTAIN LENDEUM.
Mr. WELLER. I ask the Senate to take up
the joint resolution from the House of Represent-
atives, for the relief of brevet Captain J. H. Len-
drum, of the United States Army. The bill is to
enable him to settie his accounts by giving parol
testimony to supply the loss of vouchers destroyed
by the fire m San Francisco.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution.
It proposes to authorize the accounting; officers
to credit Captain Lendrum with ^2,970 14, being
moneys disbuised by him out of the quaitermas-
ter's funds, and the sum of $3,725 25 disbuised
out of the moneys belonging to the civil fund, the
vouchers for which were destroyed or lost by the
fire in the city of San Francisco, May 4, 1850.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
M'ELHINBY, MATTHEWS, AND CRJBBEN.
Mr. ATCHISON. There is another bill which
I ask the Senate to take up, the bill from the
House of Representatives, " for the relief of Wil-
liam J. McElhiney, E. P. Matthews, and Law-
rence Cribben." It is only to quiet a title to some
lots in the town of St. Charles.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
It is designed to authorize McElhiney, Mat-
thews, and Cribben, each, to enter the portions of
the southeastfractional quarter of fractional section
ten, and the southwest fractional quarter of frac-
tional section eleven, west of the St. Charles Com-
mons, in township forty-six north, of range four
east, in the district of lands subject to sale at St. \
Louis, in Missouri, now in possession of each of j
them, upon producing proof,to the satisfaction of
the proper land officers, of the extent of their pos-
sessions, respectively, and paying therefor the
minimum price of the public lands, and upon proof
and payment being made, ceitificates and patents
shall be issued therefor, as in other cases of the
sale of public lands.
It appears that each of the petitioners has pos-
sessed and cultivated, for several years, a small !
fraction of land, part of the southeast fractional j
quarter of section ten, township forty-six, range j
four east, lying in the county of St. Charles, Mis-
souri. They derived their possession from on#*
Joseph Aubrey, who entered upon, cultivated, and
improved a part of the land, more than twenty
years ago, for the purpose of securing a preemp- :
lion right thereon; and that Aubtey, and those {
claiming under him, have had continued and !
uninterrupted possession of the same until the j
present time. There is no one asserting an ad- ;
verse claim to the land possessed by the petition- i
ers, and it could not be entered heretofore, as is !
represented, because the boundary line of the St. [
Charles commons had not until recently been !
settled. 9 j
The bill was reported to the Senate without j
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a j
third time, and passed. j,
"WARREN COUNTY, MISSOURI. |j
Mr. ATCHISON. There is but one other !i
case m which the State of Missouri is interested, j;
and that is a small matter. It is House bill " for j,
the relief of the inhabitants of school township ii
forty-five,, range one, in Warren county, Mis-
souri."
A motion to take up the bill was agreed to;* and
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill.
Its object is to authorize the board of directors
of common schools for the township named, to
select and set apart for the use of schools, one
half of a section of any of the public lands in the
land district within which the county is situated,
in lieu of the half of said section sixteen, which
is covered by the concession to one Kinaird.
In the year 1800 a concession of six hundred
arpents of land, situated in the St. Charles divi-
sion on the river Tuque, was made by C. D, Deias-
sus, the Lieutenant Governor of Upper Louisiana,
to Andrew Kinaird, and was transferred by Kin-
aird to one John Long, and subsequently by Long
to James Macky. in 1810 those claiming under
Kinaird are represented to have taken possession
of the iand embraced in the concession by Delas-
sus, and have made valuable and lasting improve-
ments upon the same. The title to these six hun-
dred arpents was confirmed by the act of Congress
of 4th July, 1836,iS confirming certain land titles in
the State of Missouri." It also appears that, upon \
the surveys of the land within the State of Mis-i
souri by the United States officers, one half of the®
sixteenth section, which was granted by act of Con-
gress for the use of schools, was located by the
survey upon or covered a part of that cession.
Of the other half of the section, only one hundred
and twenty acres have been sold at one dollar and
a quarter per acre; and the only valuable part is
embraced within the confirmation mentioned.
The petition is signed by forty-eight inhabitants
of the township, arid the commissioner, directors,
and clerk of school township forty-five, of range
one,'west, certify thatthe signers constitutea major-
ity of that township. Thecommittee do notdeem
it matenal to inquire as to the title under the act
of Congress granting the sixteenth section for
school purposes, or that under the act of Juty",
1836, confirming the title under the concession by
Delassus; and as they believe the Government
will not be prejudiced by granting the prayer of
the petitioners, that the title under its act of con-
firmation will be quieted, and the school fund
probably incftased, they think the prayer of the
petitioners for the location of a half section, in
lieu of that embraced in the confirmation, upon
any of the public lands within that land district,
ought to be granted.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
NATIONAL HOTEL COMPANY.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. There are some Sen-
ate bills on the President's table which have been
returned from the House of Representatives with
amendments. I ask that they be taken up, so that
the amendments may be acted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
lay these bills before the Senate. Senate bill en-
titled " An act to incorporate the National Hotel
Company of Washington city," has been re-
turned from the House of Repiesentatnes with
an amendment, to add the following additional
sections:
Sf.c. 8. Jlnd be it further enac^d, Thatearh of tlrf stock-
holders m thesaid National Hotel Company of Washington
city, shall be held liable, m ins or her individual capacity,
for all the debts and liabilities of the paid company, however
contracted or incurred, to be recovered by suit a* other
debts and liabilities before the couit or tribunal having
jurisdiction of the caus^.
Sec. 9. jind be it further enacted, That U may be lawful
tor Congress hereaiter to alter, amend, change, or lepeal
the foregoing act.
The amendment was agreed to.
PORTS OF DELIVERY.
Senate bill " to constitute Pilatka and Bayport,
in the State of Florida, ports of delivery respect-
ively," was returned from the House with two
amendments, the first of which was to add the
following additional section:
Sec. 2. *3nd be it further enacted, That Keokuk and
Dubuque, in the State of Iowa, be, and hereby are, consti-
tuted ports of'delivery, within the collection district of New
Orleans; and there «hull be appointed a surveyor of the
customs for each of said ports, who shall reside thereat.
Said surveyor shall perform the duties, and receive the
salary and emoluments prescubed by the act of Congress,
approved the second day of March. J831, entitled An act
allowing the duties on foreign merchandise imported into
Putsburg, Wheeling, Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis, and
Natchez, to be secured ana paid at tho&e places.
