604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
would assume the privilege of controlling my con-
stituents, and not be controlled by them. I would
mould public opinion, that public opinion might
not mould me. I am not one of those who hang
upon, or wait for the expression of public opinion,
in order that their acts might be controlled by it.
1, as a Representative of an honest and intelligent
constituency, will do what I believe to be right;
and if my constituents do not choose to indorse
my action, they doubtless will let it alone.
Let me give a lesson of wisdom to my friend
from Indiana, [Mr. Lane.] He had better under-
take to control the sentiments of his constituents,
than to be controlled by them; and he will find that
out after a little while. It is true, that a man may
be successful now and then by falling in with what
is considered the public opinion of his constituents;
but in Maryland, he who endeavors to elevate
popular sentiment is the man who, after all, is the
most successful.
!n conclusion, let me say, that I shall vote for
all appropriations to satisfy private claims, if they
have the slightest Semblance of justice, because
the vigilance of the members of this House on the
committees will detect those which are not valid.
Mr. LETCHER. I listened, Mr. Chairman,
with the closest attention to the remarks submitted
by my friend over the way, [Mr. OrR,] in pre-
senting this bill for the consideration of the com-
mittee, and I cannot agree with him at all, either
in his statement of the merits of the bill, or in the
conclusions at which he has arrived in regard to
its justice. This is a claim which is alleged to
have originated in the year 1821, for the loss of
various hogs and twenty-two head of cattle.
The claim is predicated upon a provision in the
intercourse act of 1802, to which 1 desire now to
call the attention of the committee, and then I
shall endeavor to show that the claim does not
come withm the provisions of that law. I will
read the provision I have alluded to:
"It is provided by the 14th section of what is called the
Mntercousc act,'approved April 2, 1802, ' that if' any In-
dian or Indian?-, belonging to any tribe in amity with the
United States, shall poiiip over or cross the said houndaiy
line into any State or Territory inhabited by citizens ot the
United States, and there take, steal, or destroy any horse,
horses, or other properly belonging to any citizen or inhab-
itant of the United Slates, or either of the territorial dis-
tricts of the United States, or shall comma any murder, vio-
lence, or outrage upon any such citizen or inhabitant, it
shall be the duty of vuch citizen or inhabitant, his represent-
ative, attorney, or agent, to make application to the super-
intendent, or such other person as the Piesident of the
United States shall authorize for that purpose, who, upon
being furnished with the necessary documents and pioofs,
shall, under the direction or mstiuction of the President of
the I'm led States, make application to the nation or tribe to
which bucli Indian or Indians shall belong, for satisfaction ;
and if such nation or tribe skull neglect or rejuse to make
satisfaction in a reasonable time, not exceeding twelve
months, then it shall be the duty of the superintendent, or
other person authorized as aforesaid, to make return ot his
doing< to the President of the United Stales, and forward
to him all the documents and proofs tn the ca-e, that such
further steps may be taken us shall be proper to obtain smt
islaction lor the injury; and m the mean tune, in respect to
the property so taken, stolen, or destroyed, the United States
guaiuni) to the party mjuied an eventual indemnification."
Now, sir, this claim originated in 1821, as is
alleged by the claimants, it is also stated that in
1822 the claimant applied for relief, by filing his
claim before the Supeiintendent of Indian Allairs,
giving a list of these hogs and cattle, with the
prices, and furnishing him with the evidence, prov-
ing his loss satisfactory upon all these points.
This is what the claimants allege, as I understand
from the report.
Now, sir, I shall endeavor to show from this
report, and from the evidence of Mr. Wells, the
witness most relied upon to support this claim,
that there was no documentary proof, nor evidence
of any sort whatever, presented to the Superin-
tendent of Indian Affairs at the time the memo-
randum of this claim was filed at the office of the
St. Louis agency, showing that any loss had been
sustained; nor is there any documentary or other
evidence, in respect to these Indians, by which
we can ascertain to how great an extent they
were guilty of wrong m bringing about the loss
of this property.
The witness relied upon is Solomon Wells, and
the affidavit bears date 10th January, l&i.'j. It
purports to have been sworn to before Moses
Scott. But there is no evidence that Moses Scott
was a justice of the peace; theie is nothing to
show that he was authorized to administer oaths
or to take affidavits until the 20th day of June,
1837, when John Ruland, clerk of the court for
the county of St. Louis, certified as to his official
character and qualifications.
Now, sir, I think the inference is entirely a fair
one—and, I take it, it is the only inference which
can be drawn—that this evidence could not have
been filed in the office of the Superintendent of.
Indian Affairs before it was placed m a legal shape, I
so as to be made available in support of the claim, j
If filed, it could not have been filed before the 20th j
June, 1837. Then in 1821 this loss is represented !
to have accrued. But not until the 20th day of j
June, 1837, is the deposition of Solomon Wells i
perfected and placed in legal shape by being certi- j
fied to by the clerk of the court for the county of j
St. Louis, a period of nearly sixteen years. j
But, sir, this view is confirmed by looking at j
the date of the testimony of the other witnesses j
relied upon in this case. Another witness relied j
upon is D. G. Bates, whose statement bears date
on the 24th day of September, in the year 1836,
within some eight or nine months of the date of
the other statement. Then, again, the deposition
of a man of the name of J. W. Shull, living in the
State of Illinois, is introduced, and that bears
date July 1, 1837. Now, is ltnot very clear, from
the dates of these depositions, that the neces-
sary steps required by the provision of the inter-
course law, which is referred to authorizing the
allowance of this claim, were not taken, and that
the claim was not prosecuted in such a way as to
furnish evidence of the liability on the part of
these Indians for this amount, which would au-
thorize it to be deducted from the allowance to be
paid over to them by the Government of the
United States.
Then there is accumulated evidence on this sub-
ject in the report, which evidence shows when this
claim was first brought to the attention of the Sac
and Fox Indians. I read from the report:
Rock Island, September 28, 183S.
T certify that I laid the within claim before the Sac and
Fox Indians at the treaty at Rock Island, September, 18.36,
and after it was lead to theui by the interprets of the Gov
eminent, they denied any knowledge of the claim, and
refused to pay it. JOSEPH M. STREET,
United States Indian %3gent.
Now, so far as we can judge from the papers
exhibited here by the applicants themselves in be-
half of this claim, the necessary steps in order to
establish the liability on the part of these Indians
were not taken until an interval of fifteen years
had elapsed between the occurrence for which they
claim compensation and the application to the
Indians to fix the liability upon them.
Mr. ORR. Read the next letter.
Mr. LETCHER. Here it is:
Galena, Jlugust 11, 1838.
Dear Sir: Inclosed you will linrl the documents of the
claim of the widow and heirs of the late Elijah Beebe, de-
ceased, against the Sac and Fox Indians, foi depredations
committed by litem, and winch has been ^o often presented
in some shape or other since the year 18*23;
—Was itpresented in 1823, when the proofs re-
lied upon to sustain it, bear date in 183G and 1837?
ami which was allowed by Governor Dodge, as you will see
by the certificate inclosed. Itisduected by the War De-
partment that the claim be pioceeded with according to the
inteicourse act of 1802, section 14.
That is the section of the intercourse act to
| which I have called the attention of the committee:
| J beg that you will, theiefote, at the next annuity payment
j to the san! Indian*, present the chum to them foi payment,
| and make return ot the proceedings as the regulation re
! quires.
Will you have the coodness, likewise, to inform me what
shall be done in lelation then-to; and in ease ot refill tn
pay, to forward the documents of your report to the War
Department immediately, in oider that no lurther delay may
take place.
I am, respectfully, yours, See.,
CHAS. S. HEMPSTEAD,
Jltt'y for Bccbe's rc/>'s.
General Josfpii M. Strfet,
Agent for fhc Sac and Fox Indians.
T. S. Please observe that the above claim was dismally
presented under, and is to be governed by, the intercourse
act of 1802, and nnt under subsequent acts.
Now, here follows the report of the Indian
agent, Mr. Street, upon the second application
: made to the Sac and Fox Indians in 1838:
S kc and Fox Agency, September 8, 1838.
The accompanying claim of Elijah Beebe was presented
to the am! Fox Indian??, at the rime of the payment of
their annuities for the year 1838, and explained to them.
They replied, in substance, that the same claim had before
been pjesented to them, and they had refused to pay it,
because the depredations were committed by other Indians
than the Sacs and Foxes. They now repeated then* refu-
sal to pay, aitei a full explanation of the nature and
amount ot their claim. JOS. M. STREET,
United States Indian *.£gcnb.
Then, sir, I take it that the evidence in regard
to this case, if it established anything, established
clearly and incontestably the fact that the first
steps which were taken to bring this case to the
attention of the Sac and Fox Indians, were taken
at their council'in the year 1836. Now, sir, I
submit that this committee—where there has been
this intermission of fifteen years, in which there
has been bo attempt to couple these parties as the
guilty parties with this loss, and where there has
been no proof to show that they are the guilty
parties, filed in due time and according to the pro-
visions of the law—I submit, I say, that it would
be improper for us now to undertake to say that
by the law we should deduct from the annuities
which we are now paying to these tribes of In-
dians the amount of compensation claimed by the
heirs of Beebe.
Let me, however, before I notice the second
section of the bill, look at another fact connected
with this matter. Mr. Wells, who is the chief
witness relied upon, states that they set out from
Chariton, on the Missouri, with these, cattle and
hogs, to go to the military posts on the Upper Mis-
sissippi.
Mr. ORR, (interrupting.) For the purpose of
fulfilling a contract at Saint Peters.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well. They are going1
to fulfill a contract. Mr. Shull, whose testimony
is also given here, states that he was informed by
Mr. Beebe that they started " from St. Louis for
Lord Selkirk's settlements on the Red river of the
North." Mr. Wells states what he believes the
number of cattle to have been, and what he be-
lieves to have been the number of hogs; and he
states, also, the evidence of their loss by the In-
dians. He saw evidence that one hog had been
killed—as well as I recollect his statement.
Well, sir, what has been done with this claim
since? After it was refused to be paid by the In-
dians, in 1836, it was again brought forward in
the year 1838, as stated, and the Indians having
again failed to pay it, the claim was then laid be-
fore the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, [Mr. T.
Hartley Crawford,] who examined it, and filed
his decision on the 1st of January, 1839.
Mr. Letcher read from the decision the fol-
lowing extracts:
"The first thing that strikes the mind is the length of
time that has elapsed since this claim originated, without
any steps, so far as we know, being taken between 1821 and
1836, that were required for its settlement. Itis an alleged
depredation, for which, if properly established and support-
ed, jirovision is made by the fourteenth section of 1 he inter-
com se law of 1802. That law requires that in such eases
the party injured shall apply, by himself, attorney, agent,
or representative, to the Indian superintendent or agent,
who, upon being furnished with the necessary documents
and proofs, shall apply to the proper Indian nation or tribe
for satisfaction,' and if they refuse it for a reasonable time,
not exceeding twelve months, the said supeiintendent or
agent shall make return of his proceedings and the pioofs
to the President, that such further steps can be taken as
may be pioper to obtain satisfaction lor the injury; and in
the mean time the United States guarantee to the party an
eventual indemnification, f t appear* that foveph M. Stieet,
Indian Agent, on the 28th September, 1836, at the treaty of
Kock Inland, laid the claim before the Indians, who, alter
it was read to them, denied any knowledge of it, and refused
lo pay it. It is ptobable the deposition of Wells alone was
read to them at that tune, as Mr. Street's certificate is on it,
and that of Bates was taken but four days before, at some
distance, but both may have been submitted. The claim
was again presented, by the same agent, at the payment of
the annuities for 1838, and explained, with all the pioofs
now before me, and again rejected, with the allegation that
it was before presented, and that the depredations were
committed by other Indians than the Sacs and Foxes. It
was latd before the late commissioner for adjusting th.e
debts of these Indians, under the treaty of 21st October,
1837, who correctly decided that it was not within the treaty
provision under which he acted, and it is now presented at
this office for allowance.
(t What is the evidence ? The only witness who testifies,
and was with Mr. Beebe when this property is alleged to
have been destroyed, is S. Wells. He says the Indians took
twenty-eight head of cattle, which they afterwards aban-
doned and left with the whites. He then states that twenty-
two head were lost, as he verily believes, and at least four
hundred and fifty hogs; and that he saw evidence of the
killing of one hog. It is manifest that this witness has no
distinct knowledge of ihe loss : he states not a positive fact,
but his belief, and talks of at least so many hogs, and the
large number of four hundred and fifty. The affidavit of
Mr. Shull details conversations with Mr. Beebe, and says,
further: That the Indians admitted one band had dispersed
a diove of cattle and hogs, belonging to a white man, and
lmd killed some of them ; and that anothei band offered
beef hides for sale, saying they had killed the cattle on the
waters of the Des Moines. To say nothing of the incon-
sistency involvedin ihe admission of the Indians' charging
one band, and the fact of offering hides for sale by another,
the deposition establishes no one fact against these Indians.
The testimony of Mr. Bates is still more lame; it is, with
one or two exceptions, hearsay, but proves that one other
