1314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
$4,000 salary, he was unwilling that any invidious
distinction should be drawn between the mail
agent and the postmaster at San Francisco, whose
salary is $4,000. The postmaster at San Fran-
cisco being here, and hatftng expressed his entire
willingness that the salary of the agent shall be
increased j and further than that, that it was abso-
lutely necessary that the services of such a man
as we now have there should be secured, the Post-
master General does not hesitate to say that the
salary now asked is nothing more than a fair re-
muneration for the labors of this office.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Chairman, I wish to oppose
the amendment of the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Latham,] and the suggestions made by the
gentleman from Ohio, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the PostOffice and Post Roads, [Mr. Olds.] •
If the statement of the gentleman from California |
made here to-day be correct, that the Postmaster
General told him this morning, that although he
informed the Committee of Ways and Means
when the bill was before it, that $4,000 was a
proper amount to fix this agent's salary at, yet
he now thought it ought to be $5,000, then I am
opposed to the Postmaster General, and 1 am cer-
tainly opposed to this amendment of the Senate.
Sir, the Senate propose to increase the pay of this
mail agent from $1,600 per annum, where it is
now fixed, to $5,000 per annum; and this in-
creased pay to commence on the 1st of July, 1853,
when a competent and faithful man, I presume, j
who discharged theduties well for the former sum, !
was displaced; and the present incumbent, who
is here to see about this increase of the salary,
was put in. Why, sir, it is but little more than
a month past that these amendments were before
the Committee of Ways and Means, when the
Postmaster General recommended $4,000 for this
salary; to-day he recommends $5,000. It seems
that if we are to follow his judgment, we are to
run this salary up at the rate of $1,000 a month
until this bill is passed.
Mr. LATHAM. I begthegentleman's pardon.
Mr. HAVEN. The gentleman, sir, has but
just told us that the Postmaster General recom-
mended $4,000 only when the matter was before
the Committee of Ways and Means, and that &-
day he told the gentleman himself it ought to be
$5,000. It occurs to me, sir, that here is a good
and sufficient reason why the House acted wisely
this morning in postponing the consideration of
all other business, so as to dispose of this defi-
ciency bill immediately; for the longer it lays
on our table, the greater the deficiencies grow;
and the imagination of the Postmaster General,
and his recommendation too, have, in about one
month's delay, swelled, on this officer's salary
alone, $1,000. These salaries, sir, seem to be
growing large by degrees, and beautifully more
magnificent. [Lauglftcr.] Let us strike out the
amendment at once, before it takes another rise.
I am opposed to the suggestions and views
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Olds.] Sir, if
his business is to lavish public money upon the
employees of the Government connected with the
Post Office Department, I will give him the credit
of doing it well, and of moving upon this House
in that direction with great power and giant strides.
He has raised their compensation, and that of the
deputy postmasters, by a bill which he reported,
and which has passed this House. He now seeks
to raise the salary of this mail agent, and he also
has a bill, reported by himself, and pending here,
to levy an increased tax, or burden, upon thecor-
respondence of the country, for the purpose of;
thereby further increasing the salaries of these j
"officials. I repeat, I am opposed to all of this. CpI-'
ifornia officers all, or nearly all, have double pay I
now. I agree, I concede she should have double j
pay. She has double ability and pertinacity on ;
this floor, and in the other House; and it is but nat- '
ural that she should have double pay, and double |
plunder, in all cases whatever. There, however, j
it ought to stop. They tell us in this case that 1
the ordinary compensation to mail agents is $1,000 j
a year, and to this agency $1,600 the year. Ac- j
cording to the rule then, sir, they should stop this !
man at $3,200 for this office; but they are not. sat- j
issfied with that, and a month ago demanded $4,000; I
and now, the Postmaster General, following in the J
adventurous lead of the Senate, is ready to go, and '
actually recommends, as high as$5,000. I object '
to it. i will not vote it. 1 may stand alone, but
I will not vote for it. I hope this committee and
the House will put their mark of reprobation on
the practice now too frequent, and sought to be
earned out here.
1 ask gentlemen seriously to look at this matter, j
and this tendency of things. There is another \
ground which makes this course of legislation ;
very objectionable, and highly repugnant to a fair |
minded man. And that is, by the bill already
passed providing additional pay to deputy post-
masters, to which I before referred. Such in-
creased pay commences, I believe, on the 31st of
March, 1853, precisely the time when the Admin-
istration got fairly under way in removing com-
petent men, who had always performed the
business faithfully, without increased pay and
without complaint, and in putting in«their places
men who, I fear, had followed its standard only
because the whole command was but a baggage
train and carried the plunder. It is a discrimin-
ation against old faithful officers who had done
their duty, and in favor of new recruits who had
never served together before, and who, when they
enlisted, were promised pay, not, it is true, from
the day of the enlistment, but from the earliest
moment their commander could get control of
the Treasury. This amendment of the Senate,
which I am opposing, is placed upon the same
principle; for it provides the increased pay is to
commence back, on the 1st of July, 1853.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Olds] has another bill pending in the House,
and which was up for discussion this morning,
which proposes to increase the rates of postage—
and for what? Why, sir, further to increase the
pay of these deputy postmasters and officials; for
remember, sir, their pay is graduated by the
amount of postage collected. What a spectacle
does this present; these additional burdens and
charges placed upon the correspondence of the
country, upon its commerce, its literature, its
business; all to pay—no, not to pay, for that :
was done before—but to increase the pay and re-
wards of these officials of the Government. Why,
it is not only a tax upon the commerce, literature,
and general business of the country, but it stoops
to plunder the poor servant men and girls of tne
country, who have to pay this increased postage \
upon the humble, but kind and necessary letteis
that they write home to their friends whom they
have left behind upon the other side of the Atlan-
tic, and upon the affectionate and kindly greetings
and remembrances that pass between the honest,
hard working, but separated citizens of our own
country. All of this, sir, I repeat, to reward deputy
postmasters and increase the pay of post office
officials, and at the.unblushing rate of running
this agent up at one lift from $1,000, for which
the duties have always been well done before, to
§5,000; and us the Senate amendment proposes
the increased pay shall commence about a year
back, it will be giving, in the aggregate, about
$10,000 to this officer, by this one enactment.
Sir, I hope the committee will vote the amend-
ment down.
Mr. LATHAM. If there be no objection, 1
will withdraw my amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was accord-
ingly withdrawn.
Mr. WALSH. Mr. Chairman, I move to
strike out the word "dollars" in the amendment
under consideration. I have not the slightest
doubt, sir, that this gentleman, whose salary is
asked to be increased to $5,000, does possess a very
high order of capacity; according to the office-
setker's interpretation of the phrase " high order
of capacity,'' which means a capacity and talent
of an abstracting order.
Sir, I am opposed to this whole bill, from fust
to last; and i caution gentlemen on this floor
who claim to belong to the same party that I do,
to beware how they cut loose from the moorings
of the Democratic party. [Laughter.] I contend,
sir, that this deficiency bill, from first to last, is
wrong; and I contend that this practice of the
Senate in sending in various bills to us, under cover
of one title, with amendment after amendment
which are in gross violation and falsification of
the character of the bill as set forth in the title,
ought to be rebuked, and rebuked promptly, by
this House. Now, the assayer at California only
receives $5,000 a year; and that office is ten times
more important than that of mail agent.
Sir, my friend from California [Mr. Latham]
says that the postmaster of California is here, and
recommends this increase of salary. This post-
master has got a salary of $4,000 a year, and he
recommends $5,000 to be given to the mail agent.
After the mail agent gets bis salary increased to
$5,000, we will see another bill introduced draw-
ing comparisons between the salaries of both
officers; and we will hear arguments that when
the mail agent receives $5,000 a year, the post-
master should receive $7,000. If the postmaster's
business is arduous, 1 should like to know why
he is loitering round Washington, instead of at-
tending to his business in California. Will the
gentleman from California be good enough to
reply to that inquiry?
Mr. LATHAM. I will answer, if the gentle-
man from New York will permit me.
Mr. WALSH. With the greatest pleasure.
Mr. LATHAM. The gentleman is here for
the purpose—as designated by the Postmaster
General—of regulating the affairs of the postal
system for California, and not at his own option
or solicitation.
Mr. WALSH. And, sir, that gentleman has
obeyed his instructions in the fullest sense. He
has gone to theextent of the letter, and is determ-
ined to arrange the affairs of the post office to his
own individual benefit.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to say a word
in opposition to the amendment which was last
offered.
I suggest to my friend from New York [Mr.
Haven] that he is mistaken as to the relative im-
portance of the duties performed by the officers
of the assay office m California, and those of the
special mail agent of the Post Office Department
in that State. I say to him that there is not in
the Slate of California an officer upon whom is
devolved a higher responsibility than that which
is imposed upon the special mail agent. That
agent there does not occupy the same position,or
perform the same duties,as do the mail agents of
the United States generally. By the law regula-
ting the Post Office Department, a large number
of duties are charged upon the post office itself,
which, in California, devolve upon the special
mail agent. It is a more important office than the
assay office. That officer is as important an offi-
cer as is the head of the customs in San Francisco,
uhose compensation is $10,000 per annum.
Mr. WALSH. Will my friend from Califor-
nia permit me to make one remark ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Certainly.
Mr. WALSH. I know gentlemen—I do not
know as 1 ought to use that term here, as the
persons to whom I refer do not belong to this
body—I know individuals occupying the position
of mail agents who are utterly incapable of earn-
ing a dollar and a half a day by any legitimate
employment. In the first place, they are too
stupid to earn it intellectually, and too lazy to
earn it physically. [Laughter.]
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will simply say to the
gentleman, in reply to his remark, that the present
special mail agent of the Post Office Department
m California, is a man who was selected with
special reference to his competency and integrity
I wish to say to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. IIaven,] who alluded to the compensation
of previous mail agents, that a bill has already
been passed by the Senate for the relief of the
special mail agent appointed by the last Adminis-
tration. That bill was sent to the House, was
referred to the House Committee on the PostOffice
and Post Roads, and has been reported to this
House by them, and it is now upon your Private
Calendar. So it appears that there has been no
disposition on the part of the majority of this
House to provide for the present mail agent in
exclusion of those who have heretofore served the
Government in that capacity.
Mr. Fry, the present special mail agent for Cal-
ifornia, was not in the city of Washington when
the appointment was made, but was engaged in
private business at home. He knew nothing
about the contemplated appointment, or that his
name was connected with it. When it was an-
nounced to him that he had been appointed such
agent, he thought that the compensation was alto-
gether inadequate. The California delegation in
Congress, after advising him that Congress would
raise the rate of pay, sat down and pledged them-
selves in writing that they would exert all their
influence in Congress to induce them to raise his
compensation to $5,000; and it was only in con-
