1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I
1317
select between the two elected by the different
branches. Under the existing law the Executive
Departments may procure all their printing by one
of the printers, or they may make such division
between the two as they may think proper. But
under the section which the Senate propose to
insert, and a part of which the Committee of
Ways and Means propose to strike out, it is pro-
vided that so much of the printing for the Executive
Departments and bureaus of the Government as
is ordered by the said act to be done by the public
printer, shall be equally divided between the print-
ers of the two Houses.
Now, I want to call the attention of the commit-
tee to the conTusion and difficulty that, it seems to
me, must necessarily result m carrying outthis pro-
vision, if it is practical to carry it out at all, so as
to make an equal division of the matter between
the two offices. It will give rise to endless diffi-
culty. The heads of Departments, and the heads
of bureaus, each have their own printing to be
done, independent of that done by the others; and
what rule are they to adopt by which the printing
ordered by the Departments or bureaus shall be
divided in equal quantities to the printers of the
two Houses, or divided in such a manner as that
each shall receive the same amount of compensa-
tion ?
Mr. HENN. I wish to inquire if, under
this section which the Senate have ordered to be
adopted, every document that is ordered to be
printed by the Departments would not have to be
given to both printers, and whether we should not
have to pay for composition at both offices?
Mr. PHELPS. That would depend upon the
manner in which the division was made. If the
law was so construed that every document ordered
by a head of a Department, or by a head of a
bureau, of which one thousand copies were to be
printed, must be given five hundred copies to one
printer, and live hundred to the other, we should,
of course, have to pay the expense of double
composition; for that is provided for in a prece-
ding part of the section.
Mr. WALSH. 1 will suggest that, as far as
the matter of double composition is concerned,
it would be impracticable to carry it out in the
manner suggested by the gentleman from Iowa.
It is to be carried out as far as practicable, and
that settles the whole matter.
Mr. NICHOLS. I agree with the gentleman
from Missouri in what he has said upon the im-
propriety of adopting the amendment of the Sen-
ate. I do not see why any of it should be retained,
and I therefore move to strike out the whole
section.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be in order to op-
pose the amendment offered by thegentleman from
Missouri, if the gentleman desires to make any
remarks.
Mr. NICHOLS. I do not desire to speak upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I do. I am glad
to hear the gentleman from Missouri say that the
Committee of Ways and Means have agreed to
the first portion of the amendment of the Senate,
which is to the effect that the printer of each
House is to do the printing ordered by that House.
It will lead to a little additional expense, to be sure,
but then I consider that a matter of small importance
when taken in connection with the much more
important question which is involved. The im-
portance of this amendment cannot be better illus-
trated than by what has already occurred since the
election of two different printers by the two differ-
ent branches of Congress. There is now a con-
troversy going on between these printers in refer-
ence to the printing of the Patent Office report, and
a controversy in respect to which it seems to me
impossible that there can be two opinions. I have
examined the matter carefully; but the Joint Com-
mittee on Printing have decided that they have no
jurisdiction over the subject. One of these parties
'is a friend, the son of a friend, and the grandson
of my grandfather, and I advised him to ask for
a mandamus from the court, so clear did I consider
the case. He went into the circuit court, and that
court decided that the Committee on the Public
Printing was the tribunal for the decision of the
matter. The Committee on the Public Printing
decided that it had no jurisdiction. The case has
now gone to the Supreme Court; and there is no
knowing what may be the decision of that Court.
All of us who are lawyers know the difficulty of
getting a mandamus. It is an extreme remedy.
There it is: the circuit court, one of the ablest
courts in the country, saying that the Committee
on the Public Printing has jurisdiction, and that
committee saying that it has no jurisdiction; and
you leave it to an employee of the Government to
decide in matters of right, utterly irresponsible to
anybody. You give him an amount of patronage
in respect to the press relating to a large job that
ought not to be intrusted to any irresponsible indi-
vidual on the face of the earth, unless he wants to
open the floodgates of corruption. It is better
that a little more should be paid for printing than
that this state of things should be permitted to
exist. I agree with the Committee of Ways and
Means in respect to that matter.
Now I come to the point on which I disagree
with them, on which the Senate proposes that the
Executive printing should be divided equally be-
tween the two printers. Well, it does not follow
that when one thousand copies of a circular are to
be printed, that five hundred copies are to be printed
by one office, and five hundred by the other, and
that both are to be paid for composition. The
obvious meaning of the clause is, that there shall
be an equitable distribution of the printing be-
tween the printers of the two Houses. Well, is not
that right? is not equality equity? Why, sir,
do you mean, in a country where more depends
on the purity and independence of the press than
upon anything else on the face of the earth, to put
it into the hands of the Departments to foster the
printer of one House of Congress at the expense
of the printer of the other House? When the
two Houses, for political or other purposes, choose
different printers, are you to put it into the hands
of the Departments to crush one and to build up
the other? Are you to put it into their power to
hold & rod of terror over both presses?
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I understand
the amendment of thegentleman from Missouri
is to strike out. I am instructed by the Joint
Committee on the Public Printing to move the fol-
lowing amendment to what is proposed to be
stricken out:
Provided, That composition in no case shall be paid for
where the work is not actually performed.
The object of that amendment is simply to pre-
vent the Government's having to pay for compo-
sition which is not actually performed; for in-
stance, in cases where the headings and soforth are
changed, and the same type is used to print doc-
uments for the Senate which have been ordered
by the House, or for the House which have been
ordered by the Senate.
Mr. PRATT. I am opposed to theamendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky, and certainly
there is no reason why I should not be opposed
to the whole amendment of the Senate; for there
is no more propriety in incorporating such a sec-
tion in the deficiency bill, than there would be in
incorporating a section to organize two companies
of United States dragoons. It is entirely out of
place. I hope the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky will not prevail, and that the good
'leense of this committee will reject the section en-
tirely. v
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanton's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HAVEN moved a pro forma amendment,
and said: Mr. Chairman, I desire to say a word
or two in reference to this matter. It is true that
the Committee of Ways and Means have recom-
mended the course which has been stated by the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] but that
committee will do me the justice to say, that I told
them, in reference to this particular amendment,
that I could not concur with them in that commit-
tee, in this committee, in the House, or anywhere
else; and that I would consider myself at full lib-
erty to oppose it here and everywhere.
I agree, Mr. Chairman, with the gentleman
from Connecticut, [Mr. Pratt,] who hasjustad-
dressed the committee, that this whole section
ought to be stricken out of this deficiency bill. It
has no business here; it has no business anywhere.
The law that was passed at the first session of the
last Congress, after great labor and much discus-
sion, tribulation, and difficulty, answered our
purpose very well. Since then our printuig has
been well done, and upon good paper, and, as it
happens, upon not unreasonable terms. Whether'
it is wise or unwise that the two Houses should-
have power to elect different printers, is not a
matter which I propose now to stop t<j ^discuss;
for the law gives them that power. But I do in-
tend to say, that if the two Houses choose to elect
different printers, I am opposed, and, ifi niy Opin-
ion, sound policy is opposed, to any increase of
the pay for the work. - : • ' •
Sir, what will the people of the country say of
this Congress? Let us pause for moment, and
see where we are, and what we are doing. There
are bills upon your table-in relation to all t!ie "or-
ganized Territoriesof the Union, proposing to sep-
arate the office of superintendent of-Indian affairs
from that of Governor, and to give additional
compensation to the Governors, and an entirely
new, independent, and additional salary to the su-
perintendents of Indian affairs. '
We have been making with a liberal hand new
ports of entry, to make places for new custom-
house officers and appointees^ We have created
new land districts and established new land offices,
drawing after them new registers, receitffers, clerks,
and employees; and in the bill which passed this
House the other night, (at the hour when burgla-
ries are generally committed,) for the organization
of the two Territories of Kansas and Nebraska,
where the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, speak-
ing from the spot, says that on the 11th of Octo-
ber last there were but three white men to be gov-
erned, you propose to make two new Governors,
two superintendents of Indian affairs, two -secre-
taries, six judges, two marshals,1 and two district
attorneys, giving them all as high salaried as the
officials inany other Territories receive; and I may
be allowed to add, 1 hope, Mr. Chairman, byway
of parenthesis, and as showing the beauties of
non-intervention as contained in that bill, not one
of this brood of officers are to be elected or chosen
by the people of those Territories, (if there are
any people there;) but they are to be selected,
commissioned, and forced upon that people by a
non-intervention Administration in this city of
Washington—more than a thousand miles from
the people to be governed—the people having not
one word to say on the subject, and nothing to do
with it but submissively to bow to this central
Government. And the selection is to be made
from the expectant and anxious men who are
singing praises to the great doctrine, or principle,
as they say, of non-intervention, and of allowing
the people of the Territories to govern themselves
in their own way. What fallacious reasons can
be made satisfactory to men who can find none
more substantial for perpetrating a great wrong.
In addition to all these new places, as a reward
to faithful followers, you have on your table bills
for the creation of the office of a new surveyor'
general for New Mexico, for Utah, and, I believe,
for Washington and Minnesota, with a corps of
clerks and employees to each. Sir, I will not go
further with the enumeration now.
All of these places, and many more of like
character, seemingly made for the occasion,are to
be filled, and the officers are to be paid by this
General Government.
Well, sir, this is by no means all; for here, in
this bill, it is proposed to raise the salaries of
officers in California, and now we have this prop-
osition to increase the pay for the public printing.
We cannot move a step in this House, without
voting away money, money, and voting for pat-
ronage, patronage, and voting plunder, plunder,
m every way and shape; we are fastened to this
system of legislation, and cannot escape; we are
like poor Mr. Pickwick, who had to lead his ter-
rible horse round and round all day, and could
not get rid of him. Now I would be liberal, and
I would give money and patronage where the
good of the country requires it. Nay, I have
gone further, and voted it when there was any
reason for it whatever; but I put my foot down
here; I intend this House shall know, and 1 want
the country to know, that all of this legislation is
nothing, and means nothing but money, patronage,
plunder, and jobs, and is only needed to stop the
cry of hungry partisans, who can be quieted
only in this way, and by these means.
Sir, if the Senate have seen fit to go into a, fool-
ish crusade for the purpose of getting up an addi-
tional office or printing establishment, so as to give
additional pay, let them take care of their own
children; let them provide for their own offspring.
It is sufficient for my purpose to know that, under
the law passed, through much difficulty, the print-
i ing business has so far worked well; and there is
