1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB£
2175
same condition in which it would hane been if
there had been no change, and carry out all the
objects which Congress had in view. Then cer-
tainly no censure can attach to anybody on account
of this affair.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, I have lis-
tened to the Senator from I ilinois, in his statement
of facts as to what occurred in the House of Rep-
resentatives; and I am authorized to say that the
committee who had the matter under investiga-
tion, were unanimously of opinion that the alter-
ation was material, and affected the intention of
the House of Representatives. When that re-
port came before the House, the whole facts were
made known to the members of that body, and
they instantly adopted, as a substitute, a bill re-
pealing the former act, on the ground that the
whole matter had been tainted with fraud,"and
they lookediupon the repeal of the law as the only
means of shielding and protecting that body from
imputations.
Now, sir, it is known to us all that there are
imputations against the manner in which business
is conducted here, and a feeling is generally en-
tertained that there is no exact certainty in the
results of our legislation. For tne purpose of
making this thing at once prominent, not only
before Congress, but before the country, and to
carry out the determination of the two Houses of
Confess to shield and protect themselves from
such imputations, this is.the best mode that can
be adopted. Yourdecision that this pubiicmeas-
ure shall be put a stop to, will make it more prom-
inent on your statute-book, and will rally the
feelings of the country in favor of Congress, and
the determination of Congress to put down all
fraud, and not to shield if in any form or shape.
But, even if it be untrue that there was any fraud
in this matter, the best plan is to stamp it with
the strongest judgment that we can place upon it;
and as my colleague said, if this bill in favor of
Minnesota be a just and right one, we can pass it
again. I voted against it; but, at the proper time,
I would rather vote for it than let the bill, as it
now stands, remain on the statute-book with the
imputation which it conveys to the country.
The people of Minnesota need fear no danger
in relation to their rights. They have had noth-
ing to do with this matter. It is one which I
hope and believe has been accidental; but we can-
not wipe from the mind of the country the im-
pression that there was something wrong, and
especially when the investigating committeeof the
House unanimously reported that the alteration
was material, vesting the entire rights in relation
to these appropriations of land in one company
instead of the Legislature of the Territory.
I repeat with my colleague that it is better to
repass the law de novo than to let it pass under
any mode we could adopt here to shield us from
imputation. Sir, I look upon it as the most un-
fortunate thing m the world that any charge of
impropriety should be brought against the conduct
of members or officers of Congress, and we ought
to be exceedingly cautious and jealous when we
have a suggestion of that kind made. "We should
let our determination be of such a character as to
show that in future such things cannot pass un-
noticed. I make no imputations. On the con-
trary, I hope every member is innocent. But,
sir, here was an amendment made to a bill which
had already passed both Houses, and passed
through the enrolling clerks, and committees of
examination, and received the assent of the Pres-
ident. Such things should be guarded against.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, there is a view
of this subject which it seems to me, is material,
and yet which has not been adverted to at all.
When the law was passed by the other branch of
the national Legislature it contained a provision
by which this land was conveyed to any railroad
company which had been constituted and or-
ganized." I learn from the honorable Senator
from Illinois, that while this legislation was going
on, the Territorial Legislature of Minnesota con-
stituted, or in other words chartered a company.
It was then a company constituted but not organ-
ized, so that the act at the time it passed the lower
branch of the national Legislature was entirely
inoperative, because there was no company which
was both " constituted and organized." There-
suit, therefore, of the change of the word " and"
to "or" made that legislation effective, which was
otherwise entirely inoperative, because a company
which had been simply constituted, was then priv-
ileged to take this land. As the Legislature de-
signed, it was to be a company which had been
constituted and organized, and in fact there was
no company, both constituted and organized at
the time.
Now, Mr. President, the law of Congress is the
will of both branches of the national Legislature.
It is manifest that the law which is now upon
your statute-book upon this subject, is not the
will of the lower branch of the national Legisla-
ture. They have passed an act repealing that
law, thereby announcing in the strongest terms,
their disapproval of what has been inadvertently
done for them, and we are asked to relieve them
of the obligation of an act which was not their
will. It seems to me that it is our constitutional
obligation to do it. If I am correctly informed by
my honorable friend from Illinois, in regard to the
facts in this case, it is still more certain that this
obligation exists upon us, because there was no
sompany constituted and organized at the time of
the passage of the act, and consequently the
grant which was made by your law when it passed
was entirely inoperative, but was made operative
by the alteration.
Mr. BUTLER,. I wish to ask what is the "pre-
cise question before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois
to the amendment of the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. DOUGLAS. So as to make the original
bill read as if there had been no alteration.
Mr. BUTLER. Will that not have the effect
of sending, it back to the House of Representa-
tives ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Either will have that effect.
It must go to the House m either event.
Mr. PEARCE. My motive for urging my
amendment in preference to that of the Senator
from Illinois, is, that the House ofRepresentatives,
in which this bill originated,in which theerror or
perversion of the bill arose, have adopted this
mode of remedying the evil; and I think, m def-
erence to that House, we ought to adopt the pro-
cedure which is agreeable to them, unless an
overruling necessity should require a different
course.
Mr. BENJAMIN. And the House refused to
adopt the proposition of the Senator from Illinois.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected, and the question recurred upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Pearce.
• Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to save the grant to
the Territory m some mode, and I will now offer
it in a shape to which, I hope, there will be no
objection. I offer now the original bill, in the
precise form, word for word, in which it passed
the House of Representatives, and then adding
to it a clause repealing the former bill. I do not
think the people of the Territory ought to suffer*
by this transaction in the House. My object is
to savejto them the grant of land for their road in
some form, if possible, and in a form satisfactory
to Congress, at the same time that we vindicate
the honor and the records of the country, i offer
now, as an amendment to the amendment of the
Senator from Maryland, the bill, word for word,
which passed the House of Representatives, with
this additional section:
And he it fwither etnuted, Th at the act entitled u An act
to aid the Territory of Minnesota in the construction of a
railroad therein," approved June 29th, lb54, be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
This will repeal the former act, and at the same
time make a new grant; and that new grant will
be in the precise form m which the original bill
passed the House of Representatives, word for
word, comma for comma. Certainly, I think,
there can be no objection to that. I move it as
an amendment to the amendment.
| Mr. DAWSON. The only objection to it is,
j that that bill would necessarily die between the
' two Houses.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Not at all: no more than this.
Mr. DAWSON. They have sent us a bill in
accordance with their sentiments, and if we coucur
in it, the matter will be closed.
Mr. STUART. The proposition of the Sena-
tor from Maryland is an amendment, and will
; have to go back to the House if adopted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The difficulty is, that my
friend from Georgia is opposed to all these bills.
Mr. DAWSON. Not at all. I have no such
feeling. I wish to let the House have their will;
and I do not wish to shield this transaction from
the House ofRepresentatives. It is just to them
that we should pass the provision as they have
sent it to us.
Mr. DOUGLAS. What better vindication can
the House of Representatives have than for us to
pass the bill, word for word, and comma for com-
ma, as they passed it ? That is the most thorough,
vindication that can be made. The only point is,
shall we go beyond that, and take away from the
people of Minnesota what we have granted to
them? My object is to save the grant to the peo-
ple. Jf you make the grant now, and repeal the
previous act, the grant will take effect from the
passage of this bill. { ask for the yeas and nays
upon my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. I agree with what fell last from
the honorable Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Pearce.] Here has been presented to us by the
House of Representatives a case of mal-practice
of some kind. Whether it originated in improper
motives or otherwise, I am not further informed
than by what fell from the honorable Senator
from Michigan. He says that the committee of
the House have exonerated those who made these
alterations from any improper motive. I hope it
may turn out so. • i have never seen the report,
but the fact is, that improper dealing has been had
with the legislation of the country. The House
of Representatives have raised a committee of in-
quiry. The report of that committee of inquiry
we have never seen; but the House have sent to
us a bill to repair what has been done, and that
bill is to repeal their former legislation. Now, I
think, in that state of things, when we have not
time to investigate it, we should not hesitate at
once to take what the House have sent us, and
adopt it.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, I concur in the
object the Senator from Illinois seeks to attain.
A grant of land has been made by Congress to
the Territory of Minnesota; and no person, I sup-
pose, desires todeprive the people of the Territory
of the benefits of the grant which Congress has
deliberately made. The people of the Territory
are not implicated in these transactions, whatever
they may be, and it would be wrong to visit upon
the people the consequences of certain transac-
tions m which they have had no participation
whatever. I rose for the purpose of suggesting
to the Senator from Illinois that, while we vindi-
cated the action of the House by concurring in
their own proposition, we should, notwithstand-
ing, take up the bill as the Senator from Illinois has
indicated u and pass it, and send both to the House
j of Representatives together. That would answer
| every purpose of justice to the people of the Ter-
; ritory; and it would at the same time vindicate
| the honor of the House of Representatives, I
j will also suggest to the Senator from Illinois
' whether it would not be better, in passing the bill,
to conform to what was the original intention of
its framers by including the word 14 future" in
the place wheie it was stricken out, as well as the
word " or," where it was substituted for "and."
Then I think every object of honor and justice
could be attained.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If it be the wish of any por-
tion of the Senate to put in the word 44 future,"
, as well as the word 44 or," I am entirely willing
to do that. The reason 1 did not insert it was,
I that it was stricken out previously to the passage
i of the bill.
! Mr. CHASE. It was not stricken out by the
| House.
| Mr. DOUGLAS. It was stricken out by the
i committee, and the House concurred in their ac-
I tion. I wish to suggest, however, that I do not
j think the repealing clause should be separated
j from the clause enacting the new law, and for a
| very evident reason: one might be concurred in,
and the other lost. My object is to save the grant
j to the people at the same time that we vindicate
j "the House. Thegranting clause may just as well
I go in the same law with the repealing clause, and
, then everything will he safe. The amendment I
now propose is the House bill with this alteration
, in it.
Mr. CHASE. Then I would suggest that,by
unanimous consent, the pending bill be passed by
! informally, and that we take up the bill proposed
j by the Senator from Illinois, and pass it, and send
