THE
GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1854.
.New Series....No. 137.
to all concerned. 1 shall, therefore, vote for the
amendment of the Senator frum Illinois.
Mr. BUTLER. I think it is a very high duty
on this body, to send back the bill with the amend-
ment proposed by the House; that is to repeal the
original law entirely, and leave the House with a
Wank sheet of paper, so far as regards legislation
for this Territory on this subject. I understand,
as the original bill was passed by the House and
came to the Senate, it came with the word " or"
in it, forbidding an incipient company to have a
franchise; butthe word " and," in some way, has
found its way into the law—a word that gives an
entirely different interpretation to it. The differ-
ence between " and "and "or," in the connection
in which the alteration is made, is to prohibit a
franchise or give one. I think we are bound to
send this proposition back to the House in the
terms that they ask; and, therefore, I shall vote
against all amendments, and accept the proposi-
tion which has come from the House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Wecannot put things back
exactly as they were. The amendment*of the
Senator from Illinois will not do it, and the reason
is this: The bill, as it originally passed, provided
that the grant might inure to a company consti-
tuted Si or " organized. There was no company
then constituted " and " organized, and, therefore,
the word 44 and " was stricken out and " or " in-
serted} so as to enable the grant to inure to a com-
pany then constituted, but not yet organized.
Since that period a company has been organized.
St is now a company constituted and organized,
and if you repass the bill, even as it originally
passed the House, yo*u carry out the very object
chat was had in view by those who made this
alteration.
^ Mr. DOUGLAS. Allow me to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Louisiana to the fact that
he has misconstrued the bill as it passed the
House. The bill, as it passed the House, con-
tained a provision that the lands should not inure
to any company " heretofore constituted and or-
ganized." The change which was made was
to substitute "and" for " or" so that the land
should not inure to any company heretofore con-
stituted "and" organized. Now, I propose to
pass it in the precise language of the original
House bill, so that it shall read that the land shall
not inure to any company heretofore constituted ,
or organized. As the company to which the Sen- j
ator alludes is both constituted and oiganized,
it certainly cannot take, in any event, under this
grant. Under the grant I propose by my amend-
ment, no company heretofore constituted or or-
ganized can take the land, and it leaves it to a
future Legislature of the Territory of Minnesota
to provide what disposition shall be made of the
grant, and all companies are cut off.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator put ita
"future Legislature."
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will, with pleasure. I so
modify it in the third section.
Mr. CHASE. I would suggest to the Senator
from 'Illinois the expediency of withdrawing this
proposition as an amendment, and passing it as a
separate bill after having concurred in the action
of the House. The House has already taken that
action, in vindication of its honor, and in vindi-
cation of the legislation of the country, which it
deemed requisite. Anything less than concurrence
with the House in that action would haidly be
that courtesy which is due from one branch of the
Legislature to the other. While there is no Sena-
tor who desires to deprive the Territory of Min-
nesota of the grant of iand, many Senators will
be constrained, both from their original principles
in respect to these grants, and also from their def-
erence to the House, to vote against this proposi-
tion as an amendment, though they would cheer-
fully consent to allow the Senate to take it up and
pass it as an independent proposition.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not think I shall be able
to agree with the Senator from Illinois. I think
there is, without being able to say what the
cause for it is, a stain on our legislation. I feel
that it cannot be wiped away except by an un-
137
conditional repeal; and I believe, though I will
not give my reasons for that belief, since i do not
think it would be parliamentary, that this is the
only way in which we can effect that purpose,
and repeal the bill which has erroneously passed
into law. After this amendment shall have been
adopted, and the repeal effected, I shall be per-
fectly willing to vote for the bill of the Senator
from Illinois, if he wilt present it as an independent
proposition. Then it will be in the power of the
House to do what they think proper, I think,
by departing from that plan, you will, in effect,
Hiough not m form and intention, sanction the
wrong which has been committed, and, therefore,
make the evil double.-
Mr. JOHNSON. It is evident to every one
here that the character of legislation in this in-
stance has assumed somewhat an aspect of vin-
dictiveness. There has been irritation gotten up
on this subject; and though 1 have no idea that
gentlemen are conscious of the fact, it does carry
with it something of the aspect of vmdictiveness; .
and whenever that is the case, there is almost |
always something that is not right. j
The Senator from Illinois proposes to enact the i
original bill precisely as the House passed it, and i
as they declare they meant. What morecan they j
ask ? The House passed the bill originally. We
know very well that it is difficult to get such bills !
through that House. If we send this proposition
back without amending it it| the manner in which ,
the Senator from Illinois proposes,and if weafter- j
wards send a bill making a grant of land, we send
it to its certain death. Is it right to act upon the
interests of a people living at a distance in this
manner, when they have no representative on this
floor, and when we must see the result to which
it will lead ? Why notdo what ought to be satis-
factory to the House, and so far as coercion may
be considered to be used in it, use the coercion
which is necessary; that is to say, exercise our i
proper rights here to pass the bill as the House '
originally passed it. What more can they ask, j
or what more ought to be done? I cannot see j
that more ought to be demanded or expected in |
justice. It is proposed to pass the bill precisely j
as the House original!^ passed it, and as they !
declare they meant. When we do that, assuredly ! 4 .......   , _
it ought to be sufficient. 1 hope the amendment! hands of the Government, favors at least equal to
The Senate passed the Minnesota railroad bill,
and passed a great many other railroad bills; but
the Minnesota bill seems to be the only one which
received any favor in the House of Representa-
tives. Now, if, in the pfesent state of this affair,
we are disposed to send back Minnesota rail-
road bill to the House, I know of no reason why
we should not send back to them other railroad
bills which we have passed. Two or three have
been passed for the benefit of my State; one or
two for the benefit of your State, Mr. President,
[Mr. Walker in the chair,] some for the ben-
efit of the State of my friend from Louisiana; and
some for the benefit of other States, f know not,
sir, what view you and other gentlemen may take
of this subject; but I know of no reason which
should induce me to vote for a railroad for Min-
nesota which should not be equally binding upon
me to vote for a railroad bill in Mississippi, Ala-
bama, Louisiana, in Michigan, or in other States
of the Union. Why this Territory should be se-
lected out as the pet child of the nation, I am
unable to understand. Now, when we have the
whole matter in our own hands, I, for one, am for
defeating this whole proposition, or else for in-
ducing the House to take up the remainder of our
railroad bilks and pass them. They have thought
proper to repeal the Minnesota bill, and send it
back to us. The Senator from Illinois proposes
to reinstate the original Minnesota bill, by way of
amendment to that act of repeal; and if that be
done, I am disposed to put my Mississippi rail-
road bills in the same act, as amendments, and
send them to the House of Representatives, and
say to them tl let the Minnesota railroad bill stand
as it is, or we will do nothing."
If, however,-as I said in the outset, it be the
temper of the Senate to concur with the House in
the repeal of the Minnesota bill, and then to adopt
the views of the Senator from Ohio, and reenact
the Minnesota bill afterwards, as a separate meas-
ure, 1, for one, will stand aloof. I shall not, how-
ever, consent to see the Minnesota bill passed a
second time through the Senate, and go to the
House, giving favors to that Territory, to the ex-
clusion of ail the land States in the Union. I
know of no reason why my State, and half a
dozen other land States, should not receive, at the
of the Senator from Illinois will prevail.
Mr. SEWARD. 4t seems to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, that if we are under any obligation to act
upon this subject at all, it is on the ground of
comity to the House of Representatives. It is in
the House of Representatives that this mistake
has occurred; it is the House of Repiesentatives
that seeks to correct the mistake. The committee
of the House has reported that no one is in fault,
and it has reported one remedy as sufficient to
vindicate the House. The House has dissented
from its committee, and has adopted another and
more extreme remedy; and if we are to act upon it
at all, it seems to me it should be to allow the
House, with our cooperation, to vindicate its own
integrity, and the integrity of its records; and if
so, they are to be the judges of what the form of
this vindication should be. Therefore, it seems
to me that while we should allow the bill they
have sent here to pass, we should allow them
also free liberty to correct the mistake, and, at
the same time, as it seems to me, we could mani-
fest adherence to our original intention, in the
form in which we have once already expressed it; !
that is, to give the same quantity of land as before, ;
and for the same purpose, to the Territory of '
Minnesota. The form in which we shall do it is 1
not very material; but I am inclined to think that
that would be the proper couise, and it would be
more m accordance with the spirit in which we
should act towards the House. I think we should
pass the repealing clause by itself, and then make
the grant in a separate bill.
Mr. BROWN. If it be the temper of the Sen-
ate to pass the bill as it came from the House of
Representatives, I have no objection; but if amend-
ments are offered and adopted, I shall conceive it
to be my duty to propose more amendments.
that which you give to the Territory of Minne-
sota. With that view I give notice to the Senate
now, that when it shall be in order, I mean to
move my Mississippi land bill as an amendment
to the proposition of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. WELLER. I sincerely hope we may be
able to obtain a vote now. Every Senator here
must be ready to vote upon the question. If the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Illinois
be adopted, the effect will be to make that the law
of the land, which neither branch of Congress
ever intended should become a law. That will be
the inevitable effect, whether the Senator from Illi-
nois desires it or not. Such, in my judgment,
must be the effect. There will be no great public
loss in postponing this question till the next ses-
sion. At the next session we can pass the ori-
ginal bill, as the House intended it should pass. In
the mean time, the temper in which the House
have passed this bill, clearly demonstrates that
they intend to do nothing*but wipe out this law;
and, under the circumstances, I am in favor of
wiping it out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Illinois to the amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. Iproposetot (Senatorfrom
Illinois, if he pleases, to strike out the last sec-
tion of his amendment—the one repealing the
former law.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There would not bp any ne-
cessity for reenacting the law, if the old one were
not repealed.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not wish both to go to-
gether. I wish to separate them.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My idea is to put them both
together, so as to save time and carry out the
wishes of Congress, so that Minnesota shall have
