1820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Chastain] wiil withdraw that motion,
as 1 think we can get through most of the amend-
ments this afternoon.
Mr. CHASTAIPJ. 1 withdraw the motion.
Mr. WALSH. I renew the motion to adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 hope the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Walsh] will not insist upon his
motion. Let us go through with the bill, and
agree to the amendments that are not controverted.
Mr. WALSH. I would prefer having the op-
ponents of the bill present as well as its friends,
who, by an express order, have been hunted up
by the boys.
Mr. HOUSTON. There are some amendments
upon which we can all agree.
Mr. WALSH. There is not one which I am
in favor of.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The amendments
will all be read through; and if any gentleman de-
sires a separate vote upon any amendment he will
designate it, and then t$ie House will proceed to
rote on such amendments upon'which a separate
vote was not asked.
Mr. WALSH. I withdraw my motion that
the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will
report the amendments.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I desiresimply
to ask whether the same object cannot be attained
with a great saving of time by gentlemen naming
the amendments upon which they require a sep-
arate vote, without having them all read?
Mr. WALSH. I wish to inquire whether, in
the first reading of the bill, if a vote is not de-
manded upon an amendment, it is considered as
equivalent to passing it?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
upon concurring with the amendments of the Sen-
ate as amended by the Committee of the Whole.
They have been considered in Committee of the
Whole, and reported to the House. The question
now is in concurring or non-concurring with
these various amendments.
Mr. TRACY. I desire a separate vote upon
each one of these amendments.
Mr. KNOX. Has the previous question been
seconded ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It has been sec-
onded, and the main question has been ordered to
be put.
Mr. KNOX. I would inquire whether a mo-
tion to adjourn would now be in order?
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. KNOX. I move, then, that the House
adjourn.
'The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to adjourn.
The first, second, third, and fourth amendments
of the Senate (published in the proceedings of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union in yesterday'h proceedings) were read con-
secutively, and severally agreed to.
The fifth amendment of the Senate, providing
certain payments to John Bo/.man Kerr, was read.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, I ask the
yeas and nays on that amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is it the desire of
the committee to take the question now, or wait till
we have disposed of all the amendments to which
there may be no objection ?
Mr. HAMILTON. It is better for the com-
mittee to pass on now, and take the yeas and nays
afterwards.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there be no
objection that course will be pursued,
Mr. WALSH. [ object.
Mr. HAMILTON. If the yeas and nays are
called now we may not have a quotum.
Mr. WALSH. And is it proper to pass this
bill without a quorum ?
Mr. HAMILTON. I do not mean to intimate
that; but 
Mr, WALSH,(interrupting.) i ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, or
the gentleman who has charge of the bill, [Mr.
Phelps,] whether, if there is no objection to the
proposal to pass on now, and let the yeas and
nays be called afterwards, he will press a final vote
on this bill to-day?
Mr. PHELPS. Not upon any controverted
question. I hardly understand the gentleman's
question. If objection be made to any amend-
ment, and the yeas and nays be ordered, the ques-
tion will not be taken til! to-morrow. I am de-
sirous, myself, that there should be a full House
to-morrow on_paseing the bill.
Mr. WALSH. Weii, will you agree not to
press the bill to a final vote to-aay if 1 withdraw
my objection ? •
Mr. PHELPS. Certainly.
Mr. WALSH. Then i withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I rise to appeal to
my friend and colleague [Mr. Letcher] in refer-
ence to this matter of Mr. Kerr. It is a proposi-
tion which 1 belteve to be just; and I beg he will
withdraw hie objection to it, and let it be agreed
to. It is the first favor I have ever asked from
my colleague, and if he grant this,I will never ask
another from him.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] is not in order.
Mr. LETCHER. I have the greatest respect
for my colleague, and I shall be very willing to
comply with his request so far as I can; but there
is an important principle involved in this amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All this is out
of order.
Mr. LETCHER, (continuing.) And I know
that if I do not, somebody else would call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The following Senate amendments, in which
the Committee of the Whole recommended a con-
currence, were agreed to by the House:
Nos. 6, 7, 8, 9, 11, 13, 15, 16, 17,18, 19, 21,
22, 23, 27, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 44.
The following amendments, in which the Com-
mittee of the Whole recommended a Bon-concur-
rence, were rejected by the House:
Nos. 11, 12, 14,20, 26, 48.
The following amendments of the Senate, in
which the Committee of the Whole recommended
a concurrence with amendments, were so con-
curred in:
Nos. 38, 39, 43,46, 47,50.
The following amendments of the Senate com-
ing up in order for concurrence, were objected to,
and tne yeas and nays demanded on their adop-
tion, as indicated below:
No. 10, by Mr. Letcher.
No. 24, by Mr. McDougall.
No. 25, by Mr. Letcher.
No. 36, by Mr. Stanton, of Kentucky.
No. 37, by Mr. Bridges.
No. 40, by Mr. Tracy.
No. 41, by Mr. McDougall.
No. 42, by Mr. Latham.
No 45, by Mr. Russell.
No. 49, by Mr. .
No. 51, by Mr. Bayly, of Virginia.
No. 5:2, by Mr. Morrison'.
No. 53, by Mr. Our.
Mr. PHELPS. The Clerk need not read the
fifty-fourth amendment, as there will be a sepa-
rate vote demanded upon it.
Mr. WALSH. 1 move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
The \ louse then (at a quarter to three o'clock,
p. m.) adjourned until to-morrow at twelve, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 25, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Millburn".
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the credentials of
Hon. Francis Gillette, chosen by the Legis-
lature of Connecticut a Senator from that State
for the unexpired term of Hon. Truman Smith,
resigned.
The credentials were read, and the oath pre-
scribed by law having been administered to Mr.
Gillette, he took his seat in the Senate.
RAILROAD IN MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. BROWN. I have been waiting for several
days to get an opportunity to introducealittle bill
which is interesting and very important to a por-
tion of my constituents, if to nobody else. I now
ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to allow
me to introduce, at this time, a bill further to
amend an act entitled " An act to appropriate the
proceeds of the salea of the public lands, and to
grant preemption rights," &c., approved Septem-
ber 4, IS41.
Leave was granted; and by unanimous consent
the bill was read a first and second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes further to amend the sixteenth sec-
tion of the act of 1841, so as to give the consent
of Congress to the change of the route of the rail-
road therein mentioned, authorized by the act of
the Legislature of the State of Mississippi, en-
titled " An act further to amend the several acts
incorporating the Southern Railroad Company,99
approved the 4th of February, 1854; and that the
two per cent, of the sales of the public lands,
relinquished by the act of Congress of 1841 to
the State of Mississippi, may be applied to the
construction of a railroad on the route adopted by
that company, under said act of the Legislature
Mr. BRO^VN. As I wish to have this bill
passed now, I ask the Senate to indulge me for a
moment in explaining it. It simply proposes to
change the route of a railroad so as to avoid a
very heavy grade—one which is found, upon sur-
vey, to be impracticable, but which, by the act of
Congress making the grant of two per cent, on
the proceeds of the public lands to the State of
Mississippi, it is required to pursue. The State
of Mississippi has asked for this; and I suppose
no one else is interested in it. That is the whole
bill, though it has a very potential title.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it he to
meet on Monday next.
RESCUE OF LIEUTENANT STRAIN.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have been unanimously
directed by the Committee on Foreign Relations
to report £>ack to the Senate the joint resolution
introduced by me a few days since, " manifesting
the sense of Congress towards Commander Ed-
ward Marshall, commanding her Britannic Ma-
jesty's ship Virago, and the officers and crew
who were detached by his order for the relief of
the surveying party under the command of Lieu-
tenant J. G Strain." 1 trust that, by the unani-
mous consent of the Senate, this resolution may
now be considered and passed.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to the considera-
tion of the joint resolution.
It proposes to request the President to procure
gold medals, with suitable devices, one to be pre-
sented to Commander Edward Marshall, com-
manding the Virago; another to William C. For-
syth, first lieutenant; one to Dr. William Ross;
and another to Paymaster W. H. Hills, as a
testimonial of national gratitude for theirgenerous
and humane conduct, and well-directed efforts in
extending relief to the surveying party of Lieu-
tenant Strain, and saving thirteen suffering Amer-
icans from death.
It proposes, also, to authorize the President to
cause to be paid to each of the boat's crew who
were engaged in the rescue of the surveying party,
the sum of one hundred dollars, as evidence of the
high sense entertained by Congress of their gener-
ous assistance.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read a third time, and passed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. FISH presented two petitions of citizens
of the State of New York, remonstrating against
the repeal of the Missouri compromise; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SEWARD presented resolutions adopted
at a meeting of the Cortlandt District Theological
Society, of the Methodist Episcopal Church, held
at Cineinnatus, New York, protesting against the
repeal of the Missouri compromise, or the organi-
zation of the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas,
without a prohibition of slavery therein; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of the city of New
York, remonstrating against a repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
