610
THE CONGRESSIONAL QLOBE.
March 18,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
stiucted to iiiijuiit' int«  the expediency of granting the re-
versionary interest of the United Stales in the Jot known
formerly a« " the city burial giocmd," in Burlington, Iowa,
to the trustees of the Burlington University.
A. paper on the subject, submitted by Mr.
Dodge, was also referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. GW1N. The Select Committee to whom
was referred the subject of a railroad from the Val-
ley of the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean, have
instructed me to repoit "A bill for the construction
of a railroad from the valley of the Mississippi
to the Pacific ocean." I will state, Mr. President,
that there are other matters connected with this
subject which the committee have not yet disposed
of; and I am instructed by the committee to say,
that they do not yet make a final report.
The bill was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the commit-
tee to move that the consideration of the bill be
postponed to, and made the special order of the
day for, this day two weeks. This subject is of
great importance, and we desire that day fixed for
its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
VERMONT SENATORSHIP.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution respecting the right of the Hon. S. S.
Phelps to a seat in the Senate.
Mr. PHELPS continued the speech in advo-
cacy of his right, which was left unfinished on
Wednesday last, when he addressed the Senate
on the same subject. The speech will be found
in the Appendix.
Having- concluded,
Mr. BADGER next addressed the Senate in j
reply to a portion of the argument of the gentle-
man fiom Vermont. [See Appendix.]
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I desire, and deem
it due to myself and to the State which I in part
represent, to submit some remaks to the Senate
upon the question now before us.
Mr. SEWARD. If the honorable Senator will
give way I will move to postpone the further con-
sideration of the subject, with a view to proceed
to the con."?ideiation of Executive business.
Mr. FOOT. I will yield to the disposition of
the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I make that motion.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the honorable Senator
from New York withdraw that motion for a mo-
ment, to allow me to make an explanation?
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly.
Mr. PI IELPS. Mr. President, it is due to the
honorable Senator from North Carolina, and it is
due to myself, that I should disclaim the slightest
disposition or consciousness of anything m my
remarks, or in my manner, which should be offen-
sive to the honorable Senator. It is due to myself,
because, after a service of something more than
twelve years in this body, although i have never
mixed much m the ordinary current debates of
the body, I believe I have never before been sub-
jected to the imputation of uttering anything offen-
sive to any gentleman in this body.
Mr. BADGER. Why, Mr. President, I thought
my friend fiom Vermont understood me to say
expressly that I had not the remotest idea that he
intended any such thing. 1 thought I explained
that. Rut I assure him I do not feel the smallest
degree of offense—not the slightest—quite the con-
trary.
Mr. PIIELPS. Well, sir, if there was no in-
tention it must have been my misfortune, for
which { am no moie answeiable than any gentle-
man is for the want of personal beauty. But one
word more. The honorable Senator seemed to
think that there was something, I suppose, m the
remarks with reference to the significance of the
word " then." I used that expression.
I have insisted from the beginning; that the word
" meeting," as used m the Constitution, meant
the commencementof the legislative session. The
honorable Senator took the ground that the word
" meeting" was equivalent to the word session,
and embraced the whole period ofthe session. I
understood him to argue,in support of his inter-
pretation of the word " meeting," that the word
"then," which meant "at that period," settled
the question that the word meeting must mean the
whole session. That I understood to be the Sen-
ator's argument. My reply to it was this, in sub-
stance: you give the word " meeting" my interpre-
tation to mean the commencement of the session,
and then give the word " then" the ordinary sig-
nification to mean "afterwards;" that was my
understanding.
Mr. SL1DELL. I renew the motion to post-
pone the further consideration of this subject, for
the purpose of proceeding to the consideration of
Executive business. ~
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business; and, after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 13, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Navy Department, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the House of the 27th
ultimo, requesting the Secretary of the Navy to
communicate to the House whether,in his opinion,
the steamships employed in the ocean mail service
are of a proper construction to be converted into
vessels-of-war, in the event of their being required
for such a service. The communication states:
The ocean mail steamers accepted by the Navy
Department under contract are—
1st. Those running between New York and
Liverpool, viz:
Atlantic, accepted April 30, 1850; built 1849.
Pacific, accepted May 15, 1850; built 1849.
Arctic, accepted October 10, 1S50; built 1850.
Baltic, accepted November 7, 1850; built 1850.
2d. Those running between New York and
New Orleans, Havana, and Chagres, viz:
Georgia, accepted January 26,1852; built 1849.
Ohio,"accepted January 24, 185J; built 1849.
Illinois, accepted September 30,1851; built 1851.
George Law,accepted February 13, 1654; built
1853.
3d. Those running between San Francisco and
Panama, viz:
California, accepted October 5,1848; built 1848.
Panama, accepted November 28,1848;built3848.
Oregon, accepted December 9, 1848; built 1848.
Columbia,accepted October 1,1850; built 1850.
Tennessee,accepted October 1,1850; built 1848.
Golden Gate, accepted July 31,1851, built 1851.
That the Tennessee was stranded on the coast,
in the summer of 1853; and that the San Fran-
cisco recently lost at sea, was intended to supply
her place.
That, from communications upon the subject
from experienced naval constructors, and from the
report submitted to the House in March, 1R52,
the Secretary of the Navy thinks, that while it is
demonstrated conclusively that these steamers are
admirably adapted for performing the service in
which they aie now engaged, he was of the opin-
ion that the demons!lation was also clear that the
general principles of construction on which they
are built are such that it is impracticable to con-
vert them into vessels of war, to be relied upon
for efficient service as men-of-war. They might,
however, be made available in the transportation
of men and munitions, and might be strengthened
and lendered capable of bearing a small armament,
I such as would enable them to annoy the enemy's
commeice,and do good service as privateers.
Before the reading of the communication was
completed,
Mr. HAVEN said: As this seems to be a lengthy
communication, withoiU being read further, I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
Mr. BOCOCIv. I hope the gentleman will in-
clude m his motion that to pi int. It is necessary
j that it should be before the House in a printed
i form.
Mr. HAVEN. I will include the motion in
that to refer.
The communication was then referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HUNT. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to make a personal explanation.
[Cries of " Go on !" " Go on !"]
There was no objection, and Mr. Hunt pro-
ceeded to say:
Mr. Speaker, a debate of a personal character, in
which I participated, took place in the Committee
of the_Whole, when we were last assembled. I
have risen, sir, to correct, in substance, the report
of it published in the Globe of Saturday last. The
report abounds in errors; and is, I trust uninten-
tionally on the part of the reporters, partial and
unjust towards me, and attributes to me a style of
expression entirely foreign to my character. But I
shall look only to what I deem material in it. It
< omits an offensive part of the language used by the
■ honorable member from Indiana, and presents his
; remarks so«nodified and softened as almost to give
! an air of captieusness to the just exception I felt
i it my duty to make on the occasion. In conform-
j ity with a determination not to submit to any mis-
I representations of my conduct, I will now make
[ the necessary corrections.
I The honorable member from Indiana charged
I the honorable member from Maryland with hav-
| ing declared that he would mould the sentiments
' of his constituents, and not be moulded by their
i sentiments. The honorable member from Mary-
! land endeavored to turn aside animadversion, by
• saying, " Not exactly." But the honorable mem-
i ber persisted in holding him to the expression—
; and continued, "The gentleman may mould the
| sentiments of his curly-heads; but thank God I repre-
sent a constituency that does not require five men to
I count as three;" and eulogized his constituents, and
I spoke these words with bitterness and scorn. I
• felt the language so uttered offensive to me, and
to every Representative on this floor of a slave-
holding constituency, and I excepted to it as out
of order; and, in the course of the remarks I made
to the Chair, I stated what it was. The honorable
member from Indiana then declared that he did
not cast any aspersions? on members from slave-
holding communities; but that he was replying
I only to the member from Maryland. Excited and
I dissatisfied, in common with, I believe, a majority
| of the House, at the bearing and language of
the member, I claimed a right to reply to him.
My friend from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] who was
in the chair, anxious to prevent strife, and mis-
taking, 1 think, the application of the technical rule,
m the case where the remark of the honorable
member from Indiana had been allowed to pass
i without check, decided that I had no right to ad-
I dress the Blouse. I respectfully took an appeal,
| which was sustained by a majority of the House
I present. Seeing the House m a state of ferment
; and confusion, I contented myself with remarking
i that I would pursue the matter no further, consid-
; ering the action of the House as a sufficient rebuke
1 of the honorable member from Indiana. To this
the honorable member made a reply, which I did
j not hear, hut which, on inquiry from my place,
1 was told, by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
! [Mr. Dawson,] did not reflect personally on me.
j On Saturday, sir, I read the report I have
. spoken of. I desire to call the attention of the
honorable member from Indiana to the concluding
remark in it, imputed to him:
" I will pay to the gentleman from Louisiana, that if he in-
tend- to apply the term ' rebuked'to me foranv>entiment
, I have attend I laugh it to scorn ! Ye*, Mr. Chairman,to
i scorn ! I have u'tcred no expression intended to di^paiaae
i members upon this floor lepre&cnting bondoi free temtory."
i I now call upon the honorable member from In-
: diana to state whether he used the language of
; scorn and defiance personally and to me.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I ask
i the unanimous consent of the House to make a
personal explanation.
Mr. HUNT. I beg that the gentleman will
direct his voice this way, for I lost what he said
on a former occasion.
Mr. LANE. I will endeavor to do so.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the gentleman shall make his expla-
nation ?
[Cries of "Yes!" "Yes!"]
Mr. LANE. I had hoped that this personal
explanation would have taken place when the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Sollers] was
present; but as the gentleman from Louisiana has
chosen to bring it forward now, I will, of course,
