1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2119
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the bill making appropriations
for fhe naval service for the ye?'• ending 30th of
June, Icdo, the pending question being on.the
amendment of Mr. Mallory to provide a retired
list.
Mr. MALLORY called for the yeas ahd navs,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 29, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Bell, Benjamin, Bright, Brodhead,
Brown, Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Gillette, Gwin, Houst m,
James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory,
Ma^on, Rockwell, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Shdell, Sum-
ner, Thomson of New Jerse/, Walker, and Weller—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Adamss, Allen, Clay, Cooper, Dawson,
Evans, Gever, Morton, Nonis, Petut, Stuart, Toombs, and
Toucey—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I have another amendment:
Jln&bc it further enacted, That naval pursers shall here-
after be styled paymasters, and all laws, rules, and regula-
tions applying to pursersshall apply to thein as paymasters :
Provided, That this change of name shall not be held to
affect their pay, rank, or duty.
That is simply a change in the name of a grade
of officers. No money or interest is concerned in
it one way o  another.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think this is very idle legis-
lation. We all know what pursers are. I cannot
conceive the necessity for this.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I offer the following:
And be it further enacted, That the two general orders of
the Secretary of the Navy, dated August 31, 1846, and May
27,1847, upon relative rank, shdU have the force and effect
of law.
That is to legalize the relative rank of pursers
and surgeons in the Navy as it now exists. It is
deemed to be necessary in consequence of. an
opinion of the Attorney General that it is a mat-
ter coming within the cognisance of Congress, and
not that of the Secretary of the Navy.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 have one other amend-
ment:
Jind he it further cnacted, That the pay of the hoat-
swains, gunners, carpentets, and sailmakers of the Navy,
shall be as follows: On leave or waiting orders, per an-
num, $G00; shore duties, per annum, £700 ; sea service,
per annum, .$'900; and an addition of two per centum upon
thu foregoing rates for every year's sea service, and an ad-
dition upon sea pay of ten per centum when serving in
ship'' with four hundred men, and twenty per centum
when serving m ships with nine hundred men.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the bill will now be
ordered to its third reading.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is now in the
Senate, and I have an amendment to offer. I pro-
pose to strikeout the clause appropriating §13,400
for the navy-yard at Memphis, and to insert the
amendment which I offer in these words:
And be it further enacted, That all the grounds and ap-
puiienances thereto belonging, known as the Memphis
navv yard. Shelby county, Tennessee, be, and the same are
hereby, ceded to the mayor and aldermen of the city of
Memphis, for the use and benetitot *aid city ; and that the
Secretary of the Navy order the commandant of the said
navy-yard at Memphis to surrender to the mayor of Mem-
plus said property.
Gentlemen have said that it was nonsense to
have this navy-yard. I hope the Senators from
Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,] Missouri, [Mr. Atchi-
son,] and Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,} will vindicate
the amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. I understand from the Sena-
tor from Tennessee that the grounds were given
for this purpose by the city of Memphis. If that
be so, believing that it is unwise in the Govern-
ment to appropriate them for any such purpose,
I will return them with a great deal of pleasure,
so far as I have power.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. In order to sat-
isfy the Senator, I propose to read from a report
of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. GWIN. Oh, no! We will take it for
granted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to stand
right about the facts; and I shall hold the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and especially the Sen-
ator from California, [Mr. Gwin,] responsible for
them. Here is an extract from a report made by
that Senator from the committee two years ago:
u By the act of loth June, 1844, Congress authorized (he
selection atid purchase of a sue for a navy-yard and depot
at Memphis, the language of said act being as tollows;
<£ 1 That ihe President of the United States be, and he is
hereby, authorized to select and purchase a site for a navy-
yard and depot at the city of Memphis, and to erect such
buildings, and make such improvements thereon, as may
be necessary for the construction and repair, and for the
accommodation and supply of vessels of war of the United
States; and that the President is authorized and empowered
to piuchase any water-rights which may be necessary to
propel the machinery appertaining to said navy-yard, or
which may be useful in the operations of said navy-yard ;
and that he be further empowered to receive any donations
of lands water right?, or rights or way, which the author-
ities of the city ol Memphis, or any other body-corporate,
or any person or persons, may deem proper to make or
grant to the Government of the United States; and that the
sum of $100,000 be appropriated,' &c.
" In pursuance of this law, a site was selected within the
city ot Memphis, by a board of officers duly appointed for
that purpose. A number ut private lots, and a large portion
of the 4 public landing,'and of seveial streets and alleys,
were included within the limits ot the site thus selected for
the navy-yard and depot. These puvate lots were sold by
the owners to the corporation or Memphis, at a price be-
lieved to have been veiy inadequate; and ti.e said corpo-
ration, with the consent and approval of the citizens, m
public meeting assembled, conveyed the whole property to
the United States, without demanding air thing more than
the costot the private property which had been purchased
as aforesaid. The motive tor this liberaiiiy on the part of
the citizens and public authorities of Memphis, was to
secure to that city the advantages of such a naval estab-
lishment as had been provided for m the law above quoted.
For the : aine reason, the Legislature of the State surren-
dered jurisdiction over the premises to the United State*,."
That was the report of the committee two years
ago. If that is nonsense, just give it back to us,
and let us have it.
Mr. GWIN. The first question is on striking
out the appropriation for the navy-yard at Mem- ]
phis entirely. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Walker.)
Will the Senator from California allow the Chair
to make a suggestion? The Senator from Ten-
nessee proposes to strike out a certain part of the
bill, and then comes up his amendment to insert, as
follows: " that all the grounds and appurtenances
thereto belonging," &c. ''Thereto," points to
something previous.
Mr. GWIN. Belonging to the navy-yard at
Memphis. I suggest to the Senator that he should j
let it be an additional section. '
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I donotdesire the
Congress of the United States to make an appro- j
priation for the navy-yard, and then give it away. !
My proposition is to strike out the appropriation ,
for the navy-yard. Strike that out, and then I j
shall offer this as an additional section. |
Mr. GWIN. That is it. The first question is j
on striking out the appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair j
wishes to call the attention of the Senator from :
Tennessee to the reading of what he proposes to '
insert in the bill. It is a separate section: " that |
all the grounds and appurtenances thereto belong-
ing, known as the Memphis navy-yard, Shelby i
county, Tennessee." Then it is not designed to |
be attached to any other part of the bill. !
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My purpose ia to j
strike out the appropriation for the navy-yard at
Memphis; and then I shall move that as a separate i
and additional section. \
Mr. GWIN. Then the Senator must add " the |
navy-yard at Memphis," because that is not in j
the amendment. i
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Of course that is
in it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
then is on striking out the following clause: ,
Memphis* Tennessee.—For excavation and embankment, !
smiths' shop, store-house, and repairs of all kinds,
$13,400.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. Now, the question is on theaddi-
tional section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now arises on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, in the form of an additional
section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BELL. The hill is now in the Senate. I
renew the proposition which was rejected when
it was before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole:
Provided, That the accounting officers of the Treasury,
in settling the accounts ot the late navj agent nt Memphis
shall not deduct the sum of $-2,964 59, received by him,
and parsed to hi* credit on the books ot the Treasury De-
pal tment. fiom hi1' -.alary a^ acting purser, provided for by
the act making impropriations for the naval service of the
countiffjjbr the year ending the 30th ot June, 1853.
I propose not to say a word upon the subject,
unless some gentleman chooses to discuss it fur-
ther. If that should be done I shall think it due
to read the law in regard to it.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes nineteen,
noes not counted.
Mr. MASON. I wish to offer-ah amendment
to the bill to provide for the introduction of gas
into the navy-yard at Portsmouth. Virginia. I
understand it has met the approbation of the
committee, and is recommended by the head of
the Bureau.
Mr. GWIN. I have no objection to that.
Mr. MASON. The amendment will be in the
following clause:
Norfolk, Virginia.— For brick saw-sheds, completing
store-house No. 14, sheds and machinery for saw-mill, set-
ting up engine, boilers, and machinery, culvert, continua-
tion o( quay walls, dredging channel, reservoir, commenc-
ing foundry, and machinery fot the same, extension of
ship-house and slip, and repairs of all kinds, $152,281.
To insert after " slip" the words " gas fixtures
&nd pipes for lighting ground and building," and
to make the appropriation, $162,281.
The gas has been introduced into the town.
The object of3 the amendment is to introduce it
into the navy-yard and the large public building
there.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill ordered to a third reading.
It was read a third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills and joint resolution:
An act to constitute Pilatkaand Bayport, in the
State of Florida, ports of delivery respectively,
and Keokuk and Dubuque, in the State of Iowa;
An act making appropriations for light-houses,
light-boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the
erection and establishment of the same, and for
other purposes;
An act for the relief of William J. McElhiney,
E. T. Matthews, and Lawrence Cribben;
A joint resolution for the relief of brevet Cap-
tain J. H. Lendrum; and
An act for the relief of Mrs. Helen McKay,
widow of the late Colonel ^Eneas McKay, deputy
quartermaster generalof the United States Army.
Which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore.
EXTENSION OF THE SESSION.
Mr. STUART. I placed on the table yester-
day a resolution for the purpose of extending this
session if it should become necessary. I have
been appealed to by several Senators to call it up,
and let be disposed of. 1 should like to do so at
this time, prefacing it simply by saying that, indi-
vidually, I have no solicitude about it. I have
been informed by the Committee ©n Enrolled Bills,
that it will perhaps be impossible, or very diffi-
cult, some say impossible, for them to read all the
enrolled bills between this andlhe time fixed for
adjournment. I only want to take up the resolu-
tion, and let the Senate dispose of it as they think
proper. The time has arrived, when, if anything
is to be done, it should be disposed of.
Mr. GWIN. I am informed that the House
have acted upon this question, and have refused
to extend the ume. I hope the Army appropria-
tion bill will be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The motion of
the Senator from Michigan is first in order. The
resolution was introduced yesterday,and theques-
tion is on taking it up.
Mr. GWIN. I hope it will not be taken up.
Mr. PETTIT. We had better exercise a little
calmness and caution in what we are doing. I
am informed, and 1 do not doubt its truth, that
if the bills which we mustnecessarily passbefore
we adjourn, were at this hour in the hands of the
clerks in the Secretary's office, they could not be
enrolled by twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. GWIN. Who is your infoimant?
Mr. PETTIT. That is what I feel under no
obligation to answer, although desiring to be very
polite in that.
Mr. GWIN. I am utterly opposed 
Mr. PETTIT. I believe I have the floor. If
the Senator has it he can proceed to talk. We
have legislative business which must be acted
upon; we must have an Executive session for
