1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
611
respond. I have understood, I will say to the
gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Hunt,] that the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Sollers] is quite
sick; and I had hoped that this personal explana-
tion would have been postponed until we had
heard further in reference to his condition.
I desire, in the first place, Mr. Speaker, to make
a general statement to this House. I am no ad-
vocate of slavery. I am no slavery propagandist;
and yet my history will prove that I have gone as
far, and will go as far, judging from that history,
to maintain the constitutional rights of gentlemen
representing slave States upon this floor, and
maintaining the constitutional rights of their con-
stituents. I will go as far in doing them justice in
sustaining their constitutional rights as any man.
I hail from a State that occupies the summit of the
conservative position—the State of Indiana, the
State of my birth, has said aeain and again that it
knows no East, no West, no North, no South—that
knows nothing but the Union, and the rights of the
people of each and every State under the Constitu-
tion. I say that my history will prove that I have
gone as far, and am willing to go as far, in sus-
taining the rights of the South, the rights of every
State of this Union, as any man upon this floor,
or elsewhere. I know no difference between north-
ern and southern States. I shall know no differ-
ence. Brethren all—all interested in perpetuating
the harmony and integrity of this Union. I shall
go as far as any of you in trampling out agitation
in the North, and as far as any of you in trampling
f out agitation in the South, which is calculated to
disturb the harmony of the Union.
So much for generalities. Now, as to this dis-
cussion. I do not see how I can refer to this dis-
cussion without the presence of the gentleman
from Maryland. I do not see how I can do it,
and yet I am compelled to, as the House will
discover. The gentleman from Maryland, as the
members will remember, was speaking of the in-
fluence of claims agents upon members of this
House. When I heard him I stepped across the
area, and called the attention of the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] to the sentiment
expressed by the gentleman, and desired that he
would respond. I kindly and courteously, as I
thought, interrupted the gentleman from Maryland,
and asked him to correct his remarks, that is, I
called his attention to them. His response to me
was, that I wanted to gain notoriety with him,
and that he would teach me a lesson of wisdom.
And what was that lesson ? Why, that he would
teach me to mould the opinion of my constituents,
and not to be moulded by them. That was the
retort to me of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. .Sollers.] He said that playfully. There-
mark was a playful one; and I so considered it.
My retort was likewise a playful one. If thegen-
tleman from Louisiana [Mr. Hunt] understood
it otherwise he misunderstood it, and was mis-
taken. It was a playful remark. What was the
retort? The gentleman from Maryland tried to
teach me a lesson from wisdom; and what was
my retort? That the gentleman from Maryland
must be mistaken about moulding the opinion of
his constituents; and referred playfully to the pre-
sumption that he must have intended to allude to
that portion of his constituency which required
five to count three. It was a playful remark; and
it was neither intended to be offensive to the gen-
tleman from Maryland nor to any other gentle-
man on this floor.
The gentleman from Louisiana arose in his seat
and complained of mv remarks. Now, I ask
every member of this House to look at my expla-
nation in answer to his [Mr. Hunt's] complaint.
Is it not full, perfect, complete, ample? My re-
sponse was, that { did not intend to disparage Rep-
resentatives on this floor of either bond or free ter-
ritory. Could I go further? Was it not as ample
as I could possibly have made it ? The gentleman
from Louisiana will bear in mind that I pressed as
hard as any gentleman on this floor that the gen-
tleman from Maryland as well as himself—the
gentleman from Louisiana—should he heard. It
was then in the confusion that I heard the word
" rebuke" applied to me from the mouth of the
gentleman from Louisiana. What was mv re-
sponse when I heard that word "rebuke?" It
was that I laughed it to scorn.
Sir, I do not admit that the gentleman from
Louisiana, or any other gentleman on this floor,
has the right to " rebuke" me—the power, the au-
thority, to "rebuke" me. No, sir, I deny the ex-
istence of such right. And let me say here, in all
kindness, to the gentleman from Louisiana, that
his reported remark is, I think, as unjust to me as
my remark to him. There is no difference be-
tween us in that resper.t. His remark was that
the House had, by their vote, vindicated the Con-
stitution and rebuked me. Now what are the
facts? 1 was as loud as any member of that com-
mittee in the expression of my desire to hear these
gentlemen, [Messrs. Hunt and Sollers,] and my
colleagues voted with the majority on that occa-
sion—I myself did not vote on either side. It
seemed to me that if any gentleman was rebuked
by that vote it was the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Campbell,] who was chairman of the commit-
tee; arid I know that it was not intended as a
rebuke to him, nor was it intended as a rebuke to
any one. I repeat, sir, that I think that this very
remark, as reported of the gentleman from Louis-
iana, is as unjust to me, as it is untrue in fact.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I reiterate that the en-
tire discussion, on my part, was a playful one. It
was not intended to be offensive to the gentleman
from Maryland; and if the gentleman fiom Lou-
isiana did not intend to apply the term " rebuke "
to me, then my response to him is not offensive,
because what I said was this:
" I will say to the gentleman from Louisiana that if be
intends to apply the tenn ' rebuke' to me for any sentiment
I have uttered, I laugh it to scorn ; yes?, Mr. Chairman, to
scorn. I have uttered no expression intended to disparage
members upon this floor representing bond or free terri-
toiy."
That is the report, and I can only repeat, in
conclusion, that I do not acknowledge the rightof
any gentleman upon this floor to rebuke me. It
cannot be that he has any such power or authority.
If the gentleman from Louisiana did not intend to
apply that term to me J did not intend to apply to
him the terms which I used. If he did, if he
chose to assume that authority, I deny his au-
thority, as my language plainly indicates. If, on
the contrary, he presumed to utter such a term,
I now stale in reply to his question, that /did intend
the language used by me on Friday /as#, to apply in
response to the remark made by htm on that occasion.
He is to be the judge as to the application.
Before I take my seat, I will say, in conformity
with a request which has just been handed me,
that although Mr. Sollers is quite sick, he is
better than he has been.
Mr. HUNT. I am sorry for the sickness of
Mr. Sollers, but cannot, for the life of me, see
how that circumstance can affect a question be-
tween the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Lake]
and myself, as to his intention to use the language
of defiance and scorn towards me 
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, (interrupting.)
I was not present when the gentleman from Indiana
made his remark in reference to the health of Mr.
Sollers, and being fearful that this rumor might
reach his family, causing unnecessary apprehen-
sion, I think it proper to say that there is no
ground for such a rumor as has reached the gen-
tleman from Indiana.
I saw Mr. Soi.lers yesterday. He boards at
the same house with me. Although he was quite
sick yesterday morning he is much better, and at
no time has he been in such a condition as to ex-
cite apprehension.
Mr. IjpVNE. I am very glad to hear theexplo-
nation of the gentleman. I was informed, after
I came into the House this morning, of the rumor
I which I stated.
i Mr. HUNT. The gentleman commenced his
I remarks with some generalities, as he called them,
i and to^k occasion to laud the State of Indiana tor
| her honor and patriotism, and for her respect for
| the Constitution of the United States. Sir, this
! vindication, if it is to be called such, was no*
I broughtfoith by any remarks I hod rm<de. I said
| nothing of Indiana, or of any other State in this
! Union. The comse I puisued was strictly in de-
, fense of southern States from the remarks of the
■ gentleman from Indiana, reflecting on the constit-
j oency of those States, and wounding mysensibil-
S ities, and the sensibilities of e\evy gentleman rep-
! resenting a slaveholding constitueney.
I The gentleman now says that his retort was a
playful"one. Sir, upon my word, I never was
more astounded since I was born. It was con-
sidered in quite a contrary light by every gentle-
man around me. The offense was general, and
there was a general indignation. Everyone neat
me, and, indeed, throughout the whole House, re-
sented it as I did; and I believe I but spoke the
feeling of every gentleman of sensibility both North
and South who heard his remarks, and witnessed
the manner of them. His manner was biting and
scornful, his brow was knitted, and there was a
sardonic play of his features, which indicated
plainly and broadly that the sentiment he uttered
did not proceed from a playful heart.
He says now that the remarks were uttered
playfully. Really, sir, we live in such a strange
world, and men play such fantastic tricks, that it
is within the range of possibility that the gentleman
intended to be playful. I hope, however, in con-
sideration of the feelings of those with whom he
is associated upon this floor, that he will hereafter
abstain from the indulgence of this extraordinary
species of play, which carries pain to the bosom
of his fellow-members.
This is a matter which does not involve the
character of Indiana, which no one has assailed,
but the particular conduct of the gentleman from
Indiana himself on a particular occasion. He has
removed what was understood to be the gravamen
of the offense. He stated that he had said nothing
to call forth my remarks, and having said nothing
to call them forth, he considered my comment.as
entirely unjustifiable, and that he, therefore, only
replied to a remark of rebuke from me which
had no foundation for its justification and support.
Am I to sit silent, and hear sentiments expressed
on this floor which every one fek as aspersing the
character and the honor of the constituency I rep-
resent, and not respond in appropriate language
of indignation and censure? But the gentleman
now declares solemnly, after deliberation, that his
remarks were made entirely in a playful mood.
The rule of honor is, in these cases, to receive as
true the assertions of an adversary. I must, there-
fore, receive what the gentleman says now as in
earnest, hoping that hereafier he will be careful
not to indulge in that kind of playfulness which
resembles very much that of the cat when it
pounces upon the mouse.
Sir, I am not captious. I am a man of honor,
that would rather die than wound, without just
cause, the feelings of another; but I am a man of
sensibility, and so long as 1 have a voice to speak
or an arm to raise, I will never submit to an affront
in this place or any other.
(C I'll right my wrong where it is given,
Were it even in the court of Heaven."
I now dismiss this matter, satisfied that I have
been borne out in my whole course, from the com-
mencement to the end of this discussion, with the
approbation of every man of honor on this floor
from the North and the South.
WILLIAM CARR LANE.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in or-
der to be upon the motion of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Miller,] lying over from last Mon-
day, to suspend the rules for the purpose of in-
troducing a resolution in reference to paying the
contestant from New Mexico per diem and mileage. ,
It was read by the Clerk, as follows:
Retired. That the Ser<ieant-at- Arms be directed to pav
to Wdlinrn Oarr Lane, who has contested the seat of Jos6
Emann.il Galleons, the Dr-h^ate fiom New Mexico, the per
diem and mileage allowed ?h" Delegate fiom said Territory
fiom the commencement of this session up to this day.
Mr. EDGERTON. Is the resolution before
the House?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The motion is to
suspend the ru!es.
Mr. MILLER. I desire, with the consent of
the House, that the yeas and nays may be with-
drawn upon this motion, and that the inatter may
be referred to the Committee on Elections.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. We are
just as well prepared to decide this question now
as after the Committee on Elections have reported
upon it.
The resolution was again reported.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to suspend the rules, and the result was—yeas 70,
nays HO: as follows:
YEAS Willi?. Allen, Appleton, Benson, Ben-
ton, C?mliters. Hhandlfr. C'msc. Cook. Onrwin,
Crocker, .5"int G. Pavi*. Dawson, Dick, Dickinson. Dis-
ney. Dunbar, Eastman, Eddy. ftdgertou. EdmamK Eivirg,
Fa'iky. F:nnklni, Giddine*, Goodrich, Greenwood, Grey,
Aaron Harlan. Harrison, Haven, Hendricks, Henri, Howe,
Hunt, Kerr, Knox, Lindley, McCulloch, McDousall,
Mace, Mattes-on, Midriic-^warth, John G, Miller, Mor-
gan, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Pennington, Pringie, Puryear,
