2i82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
arras, but take from him his discretion, they never
will be done right.
I have wished only to state to the Senate why it
ia I cannot go now to change the determination
to which Congress came at the last session. To
have the arms properly made, they must be under
the superintendence of the Executive, and we
cannot change the responsibility in the mode pro-
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had concurred in the resolu-
tion of the Senate for suspending the 16th and 17th
joint rules of the two Houses for all bills which
have been passed, or wftich may be passed during
the present session.
Also, that they had passed the following bills;
in whifih they requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
An act to repeal the first proviso in the fourth
section of the act entitled "An act granting bounty
land to certain officers and soldiers who have been
engaged in the military service of the United
States," approved September 28, 1850; and
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Putnam.
THOMAS BRONAUGH.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had agreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill for the raiief of Thomas
Bronaugh.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills:
An act to constitute Cairo, in the State of Illinois,
a port of delivery;
An act to authorize the State of Wisconsin to
select the residue of the lands to which that State
is entitled under the act of 8th August, 1846, to
aid in the improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin
rivers;
An act to authorize the State of Illinois to select
the residue of the lands to which she is entitled
under the act of 2cl of March, 1847, granting lands
to aid that State in opening a canal to connect the
waters of the Illinois river with those of Lake
Michigan;
An act to vest in the several States and Terri-
tories the title in fee of the lands which have been
or may be certified to them;
An act authorizing the extension of the Alex-
andria and Washington railroad into the District
of Columbia, and conferring certain privileges on
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company;
An act for the relief of Sylvanus Culver;
An act to amend the provisions of the fifty-
sixth section of the act entitled "An act to regu-
late the collection of duties on imports and tbn-
nage," approved 2d of March, 1799;
An act constituting San Pedro, in the State of
California, a port of entry and delivery; and
An act to incorporate the National Hotel Com-
'pany of Washington City.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the above
named bills.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the Army appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. The honorable Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Bayard] seemed to read the
amendment now before the Senate as a denial of
the right of the President to select either civilians
or officers of the Army to perform the services
required. I do not so understand it. As the pro-
vision came from the House, it was an absolute
denial, so far as it regarded the right of the Presi-
dent to employ any other than civilians. The
Committee on Finance propose to give the Pres-
ident discretionary power, so that he may take
either civilians or military men. How that can
be tortured into an absolute obligation on the part
Of the Executive 
Mr. BAYARD. If the honorable Senator re-
fers to me, that is exactly the ground I take. I
think.it ought to be left to the Executive discre-
tion. As the law now stands, it gives the Presi-
dent that discretion, ft ostracizes nobody. He
jnay appoint a mechanic or an officer of the Army;
put the House have agreed to a provision which
we seek to strike out, and 'which disqualifies an
fffgger of the Army.
Mr. BRIGHT. I so understand it. The Com-
mittee on Finance, as I understand the amend-
ment, propose to give the discretionary power to
the President, so that he may take either a civil-
ian or an officer of the Army, and by concurring
in that amendment we shall give that discretion.
I understand, then, that the Senator from Dela-
ware is in favor of that.
Mr. BAYARD. I am in favor of the recom-
mendation of the committee.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then no one is opposed to it.
Let us vote. Time is much more important than
the amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. The honorable Senator from
Indiana declares that nobody is opposed to the
amendment. Well, sir, as far as I can speak for
myself, he is mistaken. I am opposed to it. I
am in favor of the provision as it came from the
House. 1 do not think that military men are fit
for this employment. I think they are very Ex-
pensive—much more so than anybody else in our
employment. They do everything upon a most
expensive scale. They spend plenty of money
for their own comfort and officers' quarters, and
very little for the public interest. If the Senator
supposes nobody is in favor of this provision in
the bill, he is mistaken. I am one who favor that
provision as it came from the House, and am
against the recommendation of the committee.
Mr. TOUCEY, (and others.) So am I.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER. This is not the first time I
have given my attention to this subject. This
thing of opposing military superintendence of the
armories has a local origin. Yes, sir, it origina-
ted about Harper's Ferry and Springfield; and 1
recollect in 1853, committees from those localities
came here besieging Congress and making repre-
sentations that were not true. I undertake to as-
sume the responsibility of saying that they made
representations which were not true. At that
time my friend, Colonel Huger, was superintend-
ent of the armory at Harper's Ferry; and 1 recol-
lect a respectable gentleman was superintendent of
the armoiy at Springfield; and now I undertake
to say that this proposition to exclude military
gentlemen from the superintendency of those
armories is an implied censure upon them. .The
military superintendency is the system which has
been in operation for some time; and has it not
worked well? Why should it not work well?
What temptation has a military man to see that
the work is not well done? Surely, we can trust
it to the soldier, who is under military responsi-
bility, that the arms shall be made uniformly the
best. He has no temptation to give way to the
money-making spirit of the contract system. 1
say it is unjust to exclude a military man from the
employment, if he should otherwise be fit for it;
and yet I hear the Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] say that the very thing which he is in
favor of, is to pass a law ostracizing and pro-
scribing a class of persons who are more fit for
the position, as experience has shown. I under-
stand very well the temper in which this origina-
ted, for I had a conference with those committees;
and I understood the marked and positive manner
with which they spoke of military gentlemen. I
can see no reason for changing the system. So
far from giving the superintendency to mere civil-
ians, I would confine it exclusively to military
men; but I am willing to leave it to the President,
to select whom he pleases.
Mr. SEWARD. I am in favor of that view of
the subject which has been taken by the House of
Representatives. I think it is all moonshine to
suppose that it is necessary to have a military offi-
cer to superintend the making of muskets for the
Army. I think I can demonstrate that view of the
proposition. In the first place, all the ordnance of
the United States is made by civilians, and we
have no national armory for it, under the care of
military officers. In the next place, all the side
arms are made by civilians, by mechanics, and
are not manufactured at public armories. In the
next place, Mr. Colt, who invented the revolver,
and has brought it into use in this country and in
Europe, is the great armorer, so far as that arm
is concerned, for the armies of this country and
the armies of the eastern world, and he is a civil-
ian. Now, all that is necessary is to have officers
to test the arms in the armories, and let their man-
ufacture be open to competition. If that shall be
done, there will be no necessity for putting officers
of the Army into mechanics' and artisans' avoca-
tions.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Fornet, their Clerk,
announcing that they had parsed a bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of John Putnam,
in,which they requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
d ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the Army appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. TOUCEY. I shall only state one fact
which may not be in the recollection of the Sen-
ate. The legislation that took place here in 1853
was by general consent, intended to leave the
matter in the mean time to the President, but in-
tending, also, that there should be a commission,
which was carried out. A commission was sent,
and made an examination. It consisted of Chan-
cellor Walworth, of New York; Andrew J. Ste-
venson, of Virginia; ex-Governor Steele, of New
Hampshire; and Colonel Henry D.Smith, of Illi-
nois, who was a practical mechanic, and had been
concerned, through the most of ins life, in the
construction of fire-arms. As I understand, they
were unanimous in favor of the change, and re-
ported in favor of it. There were one or two mil-
itary men—I do not now remember the number-
connected with the same commission, and they dis-
sented from the report. The War Department
goes with the Army. That is the state of the
case.
Now, sir, I undertake to say that the provision
which comes to us from the House of Represent-
atives carries out the voice of the public with re-
gard to these institutions. I am not willing, for
one, in a purely mechanical establishment, where
the whole knowledge of the subject belongs to
mechanical skill and experience, to put over the
body of men there who are mechanics, and who
are acting professionally, a military man who
may be a perfect adept in war, and in the use of
fire-arms, but yet could not manufacture a fire-
arm, or direct its manufacture without the aid of
mechanical skill. I am not willing to subject cit-
izens to military rule while acting in their own
proper business.
Mr. PEARCE. I should like to know what
the Senator from Connecticut means by " military
rule " being enforced over the mechanics m the
armories ?
Mr. TOUCEY. 1 will answer. I mean the
military rule to which those men are subjected in
those establishments.
Mr. PEARCE. I say there is no " military
rule" there The superintendency is exercised on
the same principle, and under the same rules and
regulations, whether you have a civil or military
superintendent. There is no such thing as " mili-
tary rule" exercised over those men. The most
of the armorers are mechanics; and the superin-
tendent is put there with a general superintending
power; but Ije exercises no military law. The
difference between the two superintendences is
that the rules which exist by law and by the
authority of the Department are enforced under
one system, and not under the other. I doubt
very much whether it is necessary to keep up the
armories at all. We have now over six hundred
thousand stand of arms.
Mr. CASS. That is more than we want.
Mr. PEARCE. And more than we shall want
for a long series of years, probably.
Mr. CASS. Will the honorable Senator permit
me to state that, I think, it will be found, on an
examination of the arsenals, that we have now as
large a stock of muskets as Napoleon had when
he went to Russia.
Mr. PEARCE. That, 1 think, ought to be
enough; but still allegations have been made here,
in reply to which I desire to say a few words.
Nobody has pretended to show to the Senate that
there will be any increased economy by adopting
the civil superintendency. It would be very easy
to make that charge, if it were made. But some-
thinghas been said about the petitions which have
been sent here, and the unanimous report of the
civilians who were part of that commission. Sir,
1 do not hesitate to say, that I would not give a
rush for their opinions. There was not one of
