1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6(5
fr. Brtsc
itheaffir.
he^
move that that bill be laid aside, and that the
House take up the deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. GROW. I wish simply to call the atten-
tion of the committee to this bill. These codifiers
have been at work ten months, and have not re-
ceived a cent of pay. It is no more than justthat
this House should make appropriations to pay for
work which they have ordered by law.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I would be verf
happy to yield to the gentleman; but I am under
instructions, and I feel bound to make my motion
that we lay aside the bill which has been read,
and that we take up the deficiency bill.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I will remark,
in relation to the bill first in order upon the Calen-
dar, and which has already been read, that it will
not occupy over ten minutes.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The question is
not upon passing over the bill in question, but it
is upon the motion of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, that the committee will now proceed to the
consideration of the deficiency bill.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Brrok
inridge's motion; and it wasdecided intheaf^rm-
ative.
So the committee agreed to take up the
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON". I move that the first read-
ing of the bill be dispensed with, and that it be
taken up and considered by sections.
The CHAIRMAN. There being no objection,
that course will be pursued.
The first section of the bill was then read, as
follows:
il Be it enacted, 4'c., That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby appropriated, to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year ending the
30ih of June, 1854, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated^ namely."
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move to amend by
striking out the first section of the bill.
Before the usual course of debate is commenced
upon everything, I wish to say a few words in re-
lat on to the bill now under consideration. After
I have said a few words, I propose to yield the
floor to gentlemen, who will takeupothersuhjects,
as usual, that have no reference to the bill now
before the committee.
A few days ago I submitted to this House a
resolution, that when the Committee of Ways and
Means wished to change, in any respect, the esti-
mates of the Government, that they should report
to the House the reasons therefor in writing. Ob-
jection was made to the introduction of the resolu-
tion, which was a fair, reasonable request, as I
thought, on my part. The six free States of the
Northwest, it is well known, are entirely disfran-
chised upon the Committee of Ways and Means.
We have no voice there, and we cannot be heard
in that committee. The Administration sent in
estimates, from the different Departments, to this
House, and those estimates, so far as i examined
them, were perfectly satisfactory. The Adminis-
tration were anxious to have those estimates of
the Departments carried out by this House.
Among these estimates there were some of vital
importance to the northwestern States. I do not
know the reasons which have actuated the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in striking out those
estimates. They may have very good reasons for
doing so. The majority of that committee belong
to the same party to which I profess to belong.
I would like to sustain a Democratic Adminis-
tration; but when a Democratic Committee of
Ways and Means are at war with a Democratic
Administration upon matters of such importance
to my section of the country, am I asking too
much when I ask that the Committee of Ways
and Means shall submit in writing their reasons
for differing from the Administration ? I have
these estimates placed upon my desk—estimates of !
much importance to my constituents. I cannot \
be heard before that committee in reference to the |
necessity or propriety of these estimates; but in I
looking over the bill before the House I find these .
estimates have been stricken out. Stricken out !
for what reason? I understand—for I was not !
present myself at the time—that the main reason j
for defeating the first deficiency bill was that the j
House had voted in these estimates. !
i do not know what may have been the reasons j
causing that defeat, but I will say, as a matter of j
compromise to the Committee of Ways and I
-for I shall only trouble the committee but i
a few moments longer—that if they will agree to
put into the bill the estimates as they come from
the Departments, I will go with them in voting out
of the bill everything that does not come recom-
mended by some one of the Departments.
Sir, I desire to stand by the Administration,
and 1 desire that the Committee of Ways and
Means shall aid me in doing so. But, sir, the
estimates are here, and the Committee of Ways
and Means have never told us why they have
stricken them out of this bill. I think it is the
right of the House—it would, in my opinion, add
much to the peace and harmony of the country,
it would add much to the confidence of the coun-
try in the Committeeof Ways and Means—if that
Committee, whenever they strike out estimates
presented by the Departments, will give their rea-
sons therefor in writing. Let them, when they
report an appropriation bill, have the estimates
printed along with their reasons for striking them
out.
Now, Mr. Chairman , I am anxious to pass this
deficiency bill, and I will sustain the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means in pressing
it to a vote at as early an hour as possible. I will
sit with him here as long as he chooses to finish
the bill, if he will adopt this course and put in it
the. estimates coming from the Departments. But
I must say that I shall go with those who will aid
me in getting these estimates inserted in the bill.
Now, sir, I will tell the House what I think is
due to the Democratic party: If we, as a party,
intend to stop the construction of certain public
works—if we, as a party, undertake to say that
such and such custom-houses shall not be com-
pleted, or that such and such a marine hospital
shall not be completed, is it not due to us that the
Committee of Ways and Means shall bring in a
bill providing for the sale of the sites and of the
custom-houses themselves ? What are we to do
with them ? What can we do with them? They
remain as a monumentof—what? Are they anion-
ument of the policy of the Democratic party that
they begin and will not finish ? Is is not a mon-
ument of the cowardice of the Democratic party,
that they begin and will not finish, but are afraid
to sell ?
Now, sir, T know it was used very strongly
against Mr. Van Buren when he was President,that
he ordered the sale of certain public works—that
he ordered the timber and materials to be sold,
thereby showing unmistakably that he did not in-
tend to finish these public works. Butin this case*
we are entirely ignorant as to what is to be done
with these custom-houses and marine hospitals.
You will not complete them, and you will not bring
forward any measure for their sale, and 1 certainly
hope that if these buildings are not to be com-
pleted a bill will be brought into this House show
ing to the country what our true policy is. Our
policy must be either to complete these works or
to sell them.
I do not intend to say anything about the par-
ticular merits of these several custom-houses. I
know nothing about any of them, except a very
few. But if there are any of them that ought not
to be completed I think our friends on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means ought to point out
which they are, and if there are any that ought
to be completed they should say so. But let us
know the ground upon which we stand.
Now, Mr. Chairman, 1 will avow this much in
relation to the public works in the West. I will
go with the Committee of Ways and Means in
inserting m their deficiency bill all the works for
which the Department have put in estimates, and
which they wish to have completed; and I will go
with them, also, to keep out of the bill all those
works which have not been heretofore provided
for or authorized by law. I now yield the floor
to those who have speeches to make for home
consumption.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I do not wish to
detain the committee at this time upon this bill,
but I feel it due to myself to say something in ref-
erence to these appropriations which have been
made for custom-houses, and especially in refer-
ence to the proposition to make a long lease at a
high price, with an alternative proposition to pur-
chase the property for which the lease has been
made, in the city of New York. I happen to knew
something of the history of most of these appro-
priations for custom-houses; nnd I beg leave to say
here, in my own vindication, that I have never
known laws more recklessly violated than all of
those laws have been.
Many of these appropriations for the erection
of custom-houses originated at the time that I was
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and in every one of them ue put a provision
requiring that such a plan should be adopted as
that in no event would more money be expended
than was then appropriated. If there is an ex-
ception to that rule I am not aware of it. We
appropriated so much money, and we required in
each of those cases that no more money should
be expended than was appropriated. If anybody
will look at the terms of those laws they will
find that we left a margin for architects. As sen-
sible men we knew very well that we could not
define precisely what many of those buildings
would cost. We left a margin, therefore, for
architects, and in those bills we invariably pro-
vided that the expenditures should in no event
exceed the appropriations made.
I think that in that matter there has been a gross
disregard of the will of theCongress by the power
that administers the distribution of this fund. I
make no exception in any case. We made specific
appropriations." We made a condition in those
appropriations, which has been utterly disregarded
in every case.
But, sir, I think the most palpable disregard of
the will of the Congress which has been made at
all has been in respect to this question, which
precisely arises in the case now before the com-
mittee. I have not read the bill; but, if I under-
stand it correctly, there is an appropriation to
purchase the lots in Wall street, New York city,
adjoining the custom-house there, for which up-
wards of §500,000 are to be given. It was not
the meaning of Congress, as 1 undertake to say
from a pretty accurate knowledge of the views of
the House on the subject, it was never the mean-
ing of Congress that §500,000 were to be expended
for the establishment of an assay office in New
York city. We all know—you know, Mr. Chair-
man—the contest that was had upon this floor on
that point. We never designed that a Mint, with
all its appliances, was to be built up in New York.
The judgment of the House was against it. There
was not a reason on the face of the earth which
could address itself to a disinterested man in this
body to bring him to the conclusion for the estab-
lishment of a Mint there. You could, with one
tithe of the interest on this very investment of
$500,000, have sent every man's gold from the
city of New York to Philadelphia for coinage.
I think that all the gold which ever arrived in
New York could have been sent to Philadelphia
to be coined for $15,000. 1 speak after some little
examination of this matter. I do not think that I
am mistaken; and I say that the interest on the
very money that is proposed to be given for those
banking houses in New York, adjoining the cus-
tom-house, would pay for carrying every man's
gold to Philadelphia, and insure its transmission
I there and back. I am quite sure that I arn not mis-
' taken in these facts. We were pressed on here,
! as all will recollect, to remove the Mint from
| Philadelphia to New York.  
; My own opinion is now, as it always has been,
] that there should be but one Mint in this country,
! as I believe there is but one Mint in any other
| country. 1 do not believe that in Russia, or in
' France, or in England, or anywhere else, there is
i more than one mint; and I would willingly vote
; this morning to abolish every one of your Mints,
1 in Georgia and elsewhere, and would also vote to
; take the Mint from Philadelphia, and to locate it
i in the District of Columbia.
' I would do that upon principle, and not because
I entertain any jealousy of the city of Philadelphia,
i I think there ought to be but one Mint in each
nation, and that that Mint ought to be at the seat
j of Government.
] Sir, I am opposed, as I always have been, to
' the removal of theMmt from Philadelphia to New
York; and I did suspect—as I now see that 1 truly
and resonably suspected—that even m the estab-
lishment of that assay office in the city of New
York, a nucleus was to be made by which the
coinage of money m the United States—its legal
coinage—was to be carried to Wall street 
Mr. FLORENCE, (interrupting.) Will the
gentleman from Virginia allow me to call his at-
tention to a fact which very forcibly applies to the
subject he is dis'eussing ? I mean the expense at-
