616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
tending the establishment of the assay office in the
city of New York?
Mr. BAYLY. Oh, I understand all that.
Mr. FLORENCE. But 1ft me say that I find
herein lines 104-'9 of the 5th page of
the deficiency bill, that $46,400 is required to be
appropriated to pay for the service of officers'
clerks and workmen in the assay office of New
York. Forty-six thousand four hundred dollars !
This large appropriation of money may have
been overlooked by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bayly;] hence my desire to call his atten-
tion particularly to it. That, in connection with
the fact that all the bullion arriving in New York,
to be either assayed or refined in that office, can be
carried to Philadelphia at the cost of transporta-
tion of only $15,000 a year is, in my judgment, a
• very important item for consideration atthis time;
and I desire to have the consent of .the gentleman
from Virginia to refer to this subject just at this
point in his Remarks, because I consider it of great
importance in support of his argument.
Mr. BAYLY. Well, Mr. Chairman, that is
perhaps a very pertinent point—as I have no
doubt you will recognize it to be—for the gentle-
man from Philadelphia to make 
Mr. FLORENCE, (resuming.) Wei), now,
thatfact, taken in connection with this, that $53,000
is also to be paid 
Mr. BAYLY, (interrupting.) But 1 have noth-
ing to do with the interests of Philadelphia or New
York on this point. [Laughter.] Nothing at all.
I am looking at the matter in the light in which
it concerns us all, all the citizens of the United
States.
Mr. FLORENCE. I only want to show that
this assay office is an immense burden upon the
Treasury; costing, as it does, $100,000 a year, or
perhaps more, when less than one fifth the sum
is sufficient for the purpose 
Mr. BAYLY, (interrupting.) The gentleman
from Pennsylvania has shown that remarkably
well; and I am very much obliged to him for the
assistance he has rendeied me in the argument.
But it does not happen to touch the point of my
argument at all. [Laughter.]
Sir, the whole question of these Mints is a ques-
tion of Government patronage, and it has been so
from the beginning. It has never been anything
else than a question of Government patronage.
There ought to be, I argue, but one Mint. There
is no hardship in requiring the people of the
country to carry their gold to the Mint. I admit
here to-day—as 1 admitted some years ago—that
so far as California is concerned, there was an ex-
ception in the predicament in which that State
found herself. There was the locality where most
of the gold to be coined was collected. There was
great propriety, therefore, in allowing, at least, an
assay office there. J had no difficulty whatever
in voting to do so. But there is no use for all these
Mints. Whenever we have had propositions here
to remove the Mint from Philadelphia to New
York, they have been defeated. This proposition
to purchase these houses adjoining the custom-
house is nothing on the face of the earth but to
consummate purposes which Congress did not
conlemplate; that is, to have two Mints, one in
New York and one in Philadelphia, within ninety-
five miles of each other, or, so far as insurance
is concerned, within a quarter of one per cent,
of each other, and in fact less than that. Is
this Government to give five hundred thousand
dollars for an assay office in New York when
it has already a Mint in Philadelphia, which is
within a quarter of one per cent., or less, of the
Mint itself, so far as carriage and insurance is con-
cerned? My opinion is, that it would be a most
unjustifiable and reckless expenditure of the pub-
lic money. I do not think that the Congress of
the United States, when they appropriated money
to establish an assay office m New York, contem-
plated any such thing.
Well, 1 know that the Committee ofWaysand
Means come before us—for every member of
which I have the greatest respect—and tell us it is
economy to do it; that they have agreed for such
a lease, but that they can save money by buying
these lots. Why were they leased? I under-
stand, from authority upon which T place great re-
liance, that for five thousand dollars—I will not
say for fifty, or seventy-five, or a hundred thou-
sand dollars—but for five thousand doilais spaces
in New York could be bought which would be
quite as convenient as this lot. But gentlemen
come here and say it is a convenient thing to have
an assay office near the customhouse. Why
have it near the custom-house? Why not'have
it a mile off, upon any avenue upon which an
omnibus runs? Is there any difficulty in that?
The man who has gold enough to have it refined
can have no difficulty in going a mile or two to
have it assayed at the public expense, when it is
to be for his benefit? None at all.
Suppose he has to go a mile or two* has he any
right to complain of that ? Suppose he has to go
further, and make a journey of ninety miles to Phil-
adelphia to have his gold coined, has he any right
to complain of that? I do not think he has. I do
not think that by buying a lot immediately adjoin-
ing the custom-house you thereby promote the
convenience of men whohavegold to assay. Five
hundred thousand dollars for two lots in Wall
street! The Committee of Ways and Means
come here and ask us to buy the old sites of two
banks in Wall street. They tell us, that it is a
matter of economy to purchase these sites; and
how do they make out their case? How do they
attempt to prove that it is a matter of economy to
make such a purchase. They pile Pelion upon
Ossa. They show first that they have given
$50,000 or more for a lease of buildings to use as
an assay and refining office, and then, after giving
this emormous price, they come to the conclusion
that it would be better to buy the building.
Theonly justification whatever that they give for
the proposition to purchase is the enormous price
that they have given for the lease of the property.
I do not speak without having made inquiries into
this matter, and I know the facts of which I speak.
I know that a site just as convenient and as well
suited for all the purposes for which an assay
office is wanted, and for which it is now proposed
to appropriate $500,000, can be purchased for
$5,000. I know how this thing will result. I
predicted years a^o that it would end in this way,
and that you would have Mints established in New
York and in Philadelphia—about ninety miles dis-
tant from each other. It was ignored at the time.
It was denied that there was any such purpose in
contemplation; but that is what it is coming to,
and 1 desire now to wash my hands of it. I do
not mean to vote for any $500,000 to buy this
Wall street assay office.
Paris, it is said, is France. I do-not want New
York'to become the United States, and I do not
want especiaHy that Wall street shall become
New York. There is no reason on the face of the
earth—and I desire any gentleman to reply to me
if he can—I say there is no reason upon the face
of the earth why this assay office should be put
into Wall street rather than in any other street in
i the city of New York. 1 think—and I desire to
i express the opinion before the committee—that
! the lease of that Wall street property was in direct
' contravention of the intention of Congress, and
i that it was improper in every respect.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN obtained the floor and
i said: I believe, Mr. Chairman, that as the House
i is now in Committee of the Whole on the state of
i the Union, general discussion is in order?
i The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
I Mr. CUTTING. Is the gentleman from In-
I diana entitled to go on with his speech ? I thought
1 either the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stan-
ton] or myself was entitled to the floor.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. X thought 1
was properly entitled to the floor, but I do not
claim it, because I did not understand it to have
been awarded to me.
! Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I do not wish to
! trespass upon any man's right to the floor. I
1 ask the Chair to decide who is entitled to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana is entitled; it having been awarded to him
by the Chair.
! Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I would inquire of
the gentleman from Indiana whether he desires to
address the committee at this time?
- Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. It is for that purpose
that I have risen.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I have only to re-
| mark, that at a proper time I desire to make a brief
i explanation of the bill. If the gentleman will
yield the floor for that purpose I will do so now;
. if not I shall do it when a proper opportunity oc-
' curs.
t The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark
that it is customary to award the floor to the
gentleman reporting a bill to open the discussion
upon it; and, in accordance with tha custom, it
would have been proper to have recognized the
gentleman from Kentucky in preference to the
gentleman from Indiana. The Chair, however,
did award the floor to thegentleman from Indiana,
and if he desires it he may proceed.
- Mr. CHAMBERLAIN obtained the floor, and
addressed the committee in opposition to the repeal
of the Missouri compromise, as contained in the
Nebraska bill. His speech will be published in
the Appendix.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE obtained the floor.
Mr. HENN. Will the gentleman give way to
allow me to move that the committee do now rise?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I was about to make
that motion myself. Before doing so, however,
I will say to the committee that 1 shall improve
the first occasion in making a brief explanation
of the bill now under consideration. It is imma-
terial to me whether I proceed to do it now or
wait till to-morrow.
Several Members. It is too late now. Make
it to-morrow.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Then I will yield to
the gep-tleman from Iowa.
Mr. HENN. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The question was put, and the motion agreed
to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr.
Chandler] reported that the Committee of the
Whole on.the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the Union generally under consider-
ation, and particularly bill of the House (No.
271) to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1854, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. 'BOCOCK. I appeal to my colleague to
withdraw that motion to allow me to introduce a
resolution which it is very important should be
adopted. It will occupy but a short time.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw the motion.
APPOINTMENT OF CADETS AT WEST POINT.
Mr. BOCOCK. I wish to state to the House
that a difficulty has arisen in relation to the appor-
tionment of cadets among the vacant congres-
sional districts, growing out of the fact that there
has been a rearrangement of congressional dis-
tricts in some of the States, by which two cadets
in some instances are thrown into one district.
After consultation with the Secretary of War and
with many gentleman of this House, 1 have pre-
pared a joint resolution, for the introduction of
which I ask the unanimous consent of the House,
and to which 1 hope there will be no objection.
It is
A joint resolution explanatory of the law regu-
lating the number of military cadets to be appointed
to the Military Academy at West Point.
[Cries of " Read for information !"]
It was then read through by the Clerk. It pro-
vides, that nothing m any act of Congress now
contained shall be construed to deprive any con-
gressional district in the United States of its right
to a cadet at the Military Academy at West Point;
but that whenever, by a rearrangement of the
congressional districts in any State, more than one
cadet shall be thrown into the same congressional
district, notwithstanding said fact, there shall be
appointed, in,the manner now prescribed by law,
one cadet for every other district from which there
may be no cadet at said institution, to be entered
at th® commencement of its next regular session.
There was no objection, and the resolution was
received, and read a first time by its title.
Mr. BOCOCK. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to the resolution, but that it will be passed at
once.
Mr. PRESTON. I would ask the gentleman
from Virginia, as I did not hear the language of
the resolution very distinctly, whether or not it
increases the number of cadets by leaving one for
each of the old districts, and awarding one to each
of the new also; or whether it provides that the
number shall be the same, and merely declares
that one shall come from each congressional dis-
trict in the Union?
Mr. BOCOCK. If the gentleman will allow
