k 'i'T-i
1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6J7
me to make a statement I can in two minutes give
him and the House the information he desires.
Mr. PRESTON. I yield the floor to the gen-
tleman for that purpose.
Mr. BOCOCK. The law now existing on this
subject has two provisions. The first is, that
there shall be appointed to the Military Academy
at West Point as many cadets as there are repre-
sentatives in the Congress of the United States.
That is the first provision. Then there* is another
provision that there shall be one appointed from
each congressional district.
Now the question arises with the Secretary of
War, when there is a conflict between those pro-
visions, which shall be the ruling requirement?
He holds himself bound by the first, that is, that
there shall be no more cadets at the Military Acad-
emy than there are congressional districts. A
difficulty has arisen from the rearrangement of
the congressional districts. Take my own State,
for example. We had fifteen districts before;
we have thirteen now, and m the rearrangement,
counties from which cadets had been appointed
for one district have been thrown with counties
from which cadets had been appointed for another
district. At the present time, there is one district
in the State of Virginia from which there are two
cadets. They are both in the Academy and have
been there for two years. The Secretary of War
has no power to get rid of them. If those two
cadets are left in, of course, if the Secretary holds
himself bound by the requirement that there shall
be no more cadets from that State than there are
congressional districts, some other congressional
district must be left vacant. The Secretary has
written to inform us that there are six vacancies
.for the State of Virginia, and seven districts from
which the cadets to nil them are to to be appointed.
Now, how is it to be determined which of the
seven districts shall be left vacant, and which not?
Mr,. CLIJNiGrMAN. I desire^o ask the gentle-
man how many cadets this joint resolution would
add to the present number?
Mr. SKELTON. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. BOCOCK. Let me get through with my
statement.
Mr. SKELTON. I want to know if this reso-
lution is before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SKELTON. I did not hear the Speaker
ask if there was any objection to its consideration.
The SPEAKER, the Chair so asked.
Mr. SKELTON. I intended to have objected,
but no opportunity was given me. :
The SPEAKER. The Chair certainly asked i
if there was any objection to the consideration of :
the resolution. |
Mr. PRESTON. I yield the floor to the gen- |
tleman from Virginia, to enable him to conclude ;
his statement. j
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir- !
ginia will suspend until the joint resolution has
been read a second time. It will then be open for i
amendment. !
The joint resolution was then read a second
time by its title. '
Mr. BOCOCK, (resuming.) I have the floor I
by the consent of the gentleman from Kentucky, ;
and I desire to answer the question propounded ,
to me by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. j
Clingman.] The Secretary of War informed me j
.on Saturday that the total increase for the whole !
United States would be eight cadets, and at the !
first examination, in the ordinary course of things, j
by the rejection of those who do not come up to the I
requirements, by dismissal for bad conduct, and ;
other causes, the excess will probably be reduced; (
at any rate at the end of one year there would be j
only three excess, and at the end of two years ,
there would be only an excess of one; a contin- ;
gency which, he informs me, would in no way ;
affect the efficiency of the institution to accom- !
modate cadets, and would not be in any way un- i
acceptable to htm, the institution, or the country, i
Mr. PRESTON. I understand the gentleman
from Virginia to only ask temporarily eight
cadets?
Mr. BOCOCK. That is all.
Mr. PRESTON. 1 do not desire to embarrass
the gentleman. I understand him to say that the
difficulty now existing will begin to rectify itself
at the expiration of the present cadetship?
Mr. BOCOCK. At the expiration of this aca-
demical year, even if there be no dismissals, which
is never the case. At the end of two years there
will be only an excess of one, and at the end of
three years there will be none.
tylr. PRESTON. I am willing to pass the res-
olution, without throwing any embarrassment in
the way. I knew it increased the number of
cadets, but not to what extent. I assumed the
floor to obtain an explanation from the gentleman
from Virginia. Having obtained it, and, inas-
much as 1 think the resolution ought to be passed
at once, and I do not desire to debate it, [ call for
the previous question.
The question was then put on seconding the
call for the previous question; and, on a division,
there were—ayes 68, noes 23; no quorum.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the gentleman from Kentucky to withdraw his
call for the previous question, and move to refer
the resolution to some of the committees, that it
may be kept before the House.
Mr. PRESTON. I am of opinion that it is
best to pass the resolution now. I, therefore,ad-
here to my call for th'e previous question. I de-
mand tellers on seconding the call.
Mr. SKELTON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn; there being, on a division—ayes 35,
noes 63; no quorum.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ascertain
whether there is a quorum present or not.
Mr. SKELTON. I move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. PRESTON. With the permission of the
House I shall withdraw my call for the previous
question.
Mr. BOCOCK. Oh, no! There is a quorum
present; and we can vote down the motion that
there be a call of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. ] ask for tellers
on the motion that there be a call of the House.
Tellers were not ordered
The question was then put; and the motion was
not agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I wish to
ask the Speaker whether the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Preston] could not let this matter
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
now, and then in the morning move to reconsider
the vote by which it was so referred, and thus make
it all right ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky might do so if he thought proper. The
pending motion before the House is a demand for
the previous question.
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. Speaker, there is not
a quorum of members present in the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ascertain
whether there is a quorum present.
After a count, the Speaker announced that there
was no quorum in the House—there being only
103 members present.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. PRESTON. I believe, Mr. Speaker, I
had the floor, and I now desire to shift the ques-
tion. I therefore withdraw the motion for the
previous question, and move to refer the joint res-
olution offered by the gentleman from Virginia to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. Speaker, there is no
quorum present, and therefore the motion of the
gentleman trom Kentucky cannot be regularly
acted on.
The SPEAKER. It cannot. A motion to ad-
journ has been made by the gentleman from New
York, and that is the motion now before the
House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would ask
the Chair whether, if the motion for adjournment
is carried now, the joint resolution would go as
No. 11 on the list of business on the Speaker's
table?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. ORR. And would it be in order to con-
sider it in that order ?
Mr. SPEAKER. Such is the universal prac-
tice.
The question was then put on the motion to ad-
journ; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. PRESTON. I claim the floor for the pur-
pose of pressing the motion which I made before.
I withdraw the call for the previous question,and
I move to refer the joint resolution to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SKELTON. i rise to a question of order.
Is it in order to make any. such motion when there
is no quorum present?
The SPEAKER. The motion can be made
and entered, but cannot be acted on while there is
no quorum present.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put and agreed to.
The House thereupon (at four, p. m.) adjourned
till to-morrow, at twelve, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 14, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved*
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. WALKER presented the petition of James
Lawrence and others, praying the establishment
of a'weekly mail from Richland Centre to New-
port, Wisconsin; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CLAY presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Alabama, praying that a grant of land
may be made to complete the geological survey of
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Ala-
bama, praying that the right of way may be
granted, and a donation of land made, to aid m
the construction of such railroads as have been
chartered by the State; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Wil-
liam D. Merrick and Benjamin C. Howard, spe-
cial agents of the State of Maryland, asking for
the passage of an act to explain and correct the
erroneous construction of a law of Congress, ap-
proved 13th May, 1826, authorizing the payment
of interest due the State of Maryland; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
CLERICAL PROTEST.
Mr. EVERETT. I have been requested to
presenta memorial, remonstratingagainst the pas-
sage of the Nebraska bill. It is signed, as I am
informed, by three thousand and fifty clergymen
of all denominations and sects in the different States
of New England—perhaps a very large majority
of the members of the clerical profession in those
States. There are, I am informed, three thousand
eight hundred clergymen of all sects and denom-
inations, and this is signed by over three thousand.
I have been requested to present it for the consid-
eration of the Senate, and I hope that it will receive
the attention due to the large number of clergy-
men by whom it is signed, and the great weight
of opinion displayed in it on the part of the mem-
bers of that profession. I move that it lie upon
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS subsequently rose and said:
A memorial has been ordered to He on the table,
which was presented a few minutes ago by the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ev-
erett.] i desire to submit a word or two of
comment upon it, and therefore I wish to have it
read. f think it is not respectful to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Illinois
moves to take up the memorial which was ordered
to lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would now like to have
the memorial read.
It was read,,as follows:
To the Honorublefhe Senate and House of Reyresenlatives
m Congress awmhlpd:
The underpinned, clergymen of different religious denom-
inations in New England, hereby, in the name ot Almighty
God, and m his presence, do solemnly protect agamet the
passage of what is known as the Nebraska bill, or any re-
peal or modification of the existing legal prohibitions of
slavery m that part of our national domain which it is pro-
posed to organize into the Territories of Nebia^ka and
Kansas We piote t against it as a great moral wrong, as
a breach of faith eminently unjust to the moral principles
of the community, and subversive of all eonfideocc in na-
tional engagements; as a measure full of danger to the
peace and even the existence of our beloved Union, and
exposing us to the righteous judgments of the Almighty:
and your protectants, as m duty bound, will ever pray.
Boston, Massachusetts March 1 1854.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My only object is to call the
