2186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 8,
of the amendment, the Army will be made what
the country desires it should be—efficient.
^ Mr.'DAWSON. The lowest clerks in your
Departments receive about twelve times as much
as a "private soldier in the Army. We have
raised the salaries of our clerks in this city twenty
' per cent., and yet it seems that the pay of the
officers and soldiers of the Army of the United
States cannot be increased; but they are to subsist
upon arms and hard service. I hope the amend-
ment will be agreed to.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Atcluson, Benjamin, Brodhead, Butler,
Clay, Dawson, Fessemten, Fish, Houston, John'son, Jones
^ of Tennessee, Mason, Pratt, Sebastian, Seward, Slidplt,
Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Walker,
and Welter—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bright, Brown, Chase,
Dodge of Iowa Evans, Fitzpatnck, Geyer, Gillette, fetut,
Rockwell, Toombs, and Wade—14.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. The next amendment which
I have.to offer is to carry out the provision of an
existing law:
Jlnd be further enacted, That the amount which may
be found necessary to pay, under the act of 27th March,
1854, the widows and orphans of the Unseed Slates troops
who perished by the recent disaster to the steamship San
Francisco, be paid out of any money in the Trea*uiy, not
othrrwise appropriated, and the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury Department be, and they are hereby, au-
thorized and directed to cause the balance due, on the books
of the Treasury, on account of the advance of pay to offi-
cers of the United States Army, whose widows or children
may be entitled to the benefits of the second section of
said act of 27th March, 1854.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I have still another amend-
ment in regard to the board of officers appointed
by the act passed in 1.852, to examine certain
claims in California:
•And be it furtker cnactcd, That the board of officers ap-
pointed under the sixth section of the act making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1853, approved August 31, 18.*5i2, is hcieby author-
iiird and duceted. in addition to ilie powers and duties,
already eoiiN-m'd upon it, to extend Us examination to
claims arising from the destruction of property by the troops
serving under the command of Lieutenant Colonel John C.
Fremont, m California, in the years 1846 and 1817, by his
orders, as well as tor the destruction of property by the
enemy, caused by the occupancy ol the claimants' piem-
isea by the. said troops; Uiat the said board is empowered
to examine wiine-ises under oath, and take testimony, if
necessary, m California or elsewhere; that {or the payment
of the claims heretofore reported favorably upon by the
boaid, including that numheied 197, being the chum of
Santiago Arguello, and amounting to $11 >548, and for the
compensation of the members of s,aid board, for their period
of service if* such, at a rate not exceeding per
annum, each,deducting therefrom their Army pay, the sum
of .1159,^)0, be, and the same is heieby, appropriated out
of any money in the Tieasury not otherwise appropriated!;
and that the Seeiotaiy of the Treasury is hereby tiuthoii/.ed
and directed to pay to the treasurer of said board, out of
any money in die Treasury not otherwise appiopriatcd, the
fmii o( $9,Of 10 tor contingent expenses ol *uid hoard, in-
cluding tin ir office lent, eleik lure, stationery, fuel, pay-
ment of witness tees dulv summoned to the board, at rates
not exceeding those paid by the United States diMiiet couit
in California, or elsewhere, as the case may be, and ihe
traveling expenses of said board not exceeding sixteen cents
per mile to each member, and other incidental expenses.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and njlys
on the amendment. If this bill is to be turned
into an omnibus, I want to see the vote upon it.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. WELLER. I have not heard what the
objection of the honorable Senator from Delaware
was. From the position in which he usually
stands, it is utterly impossible to hear htm. I
will state, however, that this board was organized
on the31stof August,1852. They havehad claims !
presented to them to the amount of $^55,803. I
They have suspended and ruled out £411,000. \
There have been withdrawn and paid $170,000;!
rejected $153,933; and finally passed, $129,000. |
All that the amendment proposes is, that the I
board shall have authority to sit in the State of j
California for the purpose of taking testimony in
connection with these claims. I stated to the Sen- s
ate, on a former day, that in my judgment, un- ;
less the board were sent to the State of California i
there was great danger that a very Iarg;e amount j
of fraudulent claims would be allowed; that that \
w«s the only place of which 1 had any knowledge j
where the proof could be obtained that would j
enable the board to pass in a proper manner upon
them, f undertake to say, therefore, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the only question presented is, whether
the authority shall be given to the board to sit in
the State of California, if, in the opinion of the
Secretary of War, they should do so. It is the
only place where fraudulent claims can be de-
tected. I know that there have been fraudulent
claims made;*and I know that there are some
forged claims now in existence; and that unless
the board pursue a cautious course, unless they
avail themselves of all the testimony, which can
be obtained nowhere else than in that State, there
is great danger of a large amount of money being
filched from the Treasury. It is, therefore, to
protect the public Treasury that I have proposed
this amendment; and <you will allow me to say,
also, Mr. President, that the committee have care-
fully examined the report made by this board of
commissioners at the present session of Con-
gress. They seem to have examined the claims
with very great care; and I may say that I know
of no court which could have investigated them
better, I ajn glad that they have done so, because
I am anxious that all just and honest demands
should be paid; but 1 am not willing that fraudu-
lent, trumped-up ones, which I know to be in ex-
istence, should be paid. I do not, however, wish
to consume time. I ask that the vote may be
taken.
The question was taken by yeas and nays; and.
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Mkssis. Atchison, Benjamin, Brodhead, Daw-
son, Dodge of Iowa. Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Jones of
Tennessee, Sebastian, Seward, Thomson of N«w Jersey,
and Weller—1*2.
-NAYS— Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bright, Brown, Butler,
Chase, Clay, Cooper, Douglas, Evans, Fessenden, Fitzpat-
riek, Foot, Geyer, Gillette, Houston, Hunter, Pratt, Rock-
well, Slidel!, Sumner, Toombs, and Wade—23.
• And the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WELLER. The next amendment which
I have, is to add:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the act approved Sep-
tember *28, 1850, entitled " An act granting bounty lands to
certain officers and soldiers who have been engaged m the
military service ot the United states," an act approved
March 23, 1852, entitled "An act to make land warrants
assignable, and for other purposes," and an act approved
Februaiy 3, 1853, entitled " An act to continue half pay to
certain widows and orphans," shall not be so construed as
to deprive any widow of the benefits therein granted for the
services ot h« r husband, though she may have married
again: Provided, however, That the applicant is a widow
at the tune of making the claim.
Mr. SEWARD asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and taken—yeas 23, nays 11;
as follows:
YftAS—Messrs. Adnm^, Benjamin, Brodhead, Brown,
Chase, Cooper, Bodge of Iowa, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Geyer,
Gillette, Gwin, Houston, Johnson, Jones of Fowa, Jones of
Tennessee, Peuit, Sebastian, Seward, Sumner, Wade,
Walker, and Weller—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Bright, Clay, Evans, Fessenden, Fish,
Uuntcr, Pearce, Pratt, Rockwell, Slide!!, and Toombs—11.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mir. WELLER. The next amendment is to
add:
•dnd be it further enacted, That the sauie allowance, in
lespeet to ration*, be hereafter made to the military com-
mandant of the Hebuylkill arsenal, in the quailerma&ter's
department, a* to the commandants of the arsenal in the
ordnance depainnent.
I have a letter of the Secretary of War in re-
gard to this.
The question was put; and the Presiding Officer
declared that the "noes" appeared to have it.
Mr. WELLER. I hope, sir, the Senate will
not vote down an amendment, until they hear the
report in relation to it. I was surprised some-
time ago to find that an amendment which I had
offered had been voted down, although no inti-
mation of any objection to it had been given.
Now, if there be any objection to this amend-
ment, I trust Senators wilt not vote upon it with-
out ascertaining whether their difficulty cannot be
obviated. I have a letter from the Secretary of
War, which I think will satisfy every Senator that
it ought to be adopted Certainly some explana-
tion ou^ht to be asked for, before it is summarily
voted down.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I have another amendment.
And be it further cnacted, That the Secretaiy of Warbe,
and lie is hereby, authorized and directed to receive and
cause to be placed on the files of hi4' Department such ad-
ditional mu-'ter rolls; of the battalion of volunteers com-
manded by Lieutenant Colonel John C. Fi£mont in Cali
forma, duly authenticated by the proper officers, as have
not h< rctoiore been leceived ami filed ; and to cause such
a correction of the muster-roll to be made m regard to the
peno'd of enlistment, terms of service, and amount of pay
of the members of said battalion a* upon satisfactory proof
he iiKiy deem right and proper, as tar a-s practicable, to cor-
respond to the pay ioil of the paymaster of said battalion
in respect to pay and services, so that all who served in
the military servicc of the United States in California
during the late war with Mexico, whether undei the com-
mand of naval or military officers, may be entitled to all
the benefits of all the acts of Congress providing for the
emoluments of the volunteers m the Mexican war.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask for the yea$ and nays
on that. We have a very short time now to legis-
late upon this appropriation bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WELLER. The amendment makes no
appropriation. Congress made an appropiiation
of $101,000 to pay all those men who had served
in California. They were to be paid, under tfie
law that was passed, according to the pay-rolls
in the War Department, filed by the paymaster
of the battalion. Some of the muster-rolls were
filed in the Navy Department. The effect of the
amendment is to transfer those rolls from the
Navy Department to the War Department. It
will place those whose names are on the rolls in
the Navy Department on a footing with the others.
They were intended to be covered by the ori-
ginal law, but by confining it to the rolls in the War
Departments portion of them being in the Navy
Department, have been excluded.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 ask the Senator from Cali-
fornia whether he is anxious that this bill should
become a law?
Mr. WELDER. I apprehend that is hardly a
serious question. The Senator, I am sure, cannot
suppose that I would stand up and offer amend-
ments for the purpose of defeating the bill, or put
them on a bill which I supposed was about to be
defeated^
Mr. BRIGHT. I supposed the honorableSen-
ator was friendly to the bill. I had no doubt of
it. I merely intended to suggest that there was
no probability that this amendment could be con-
sidered and acted upon by the House. It is ut-
terly impossible. I think the bill is already loaded
to an extent which defeats it.
Mr. GWIN. TheSenator, a short time since,
reported from a committee of conference, that the
Senate gave up five of their amendments to every
one that the House agreed to; and I think we had
better send down ten or fifteen times as much as
we intend to retain on the bill. The Senator says
that we give up nearly everything to the House.
We, therefore, should not vote down a measure
when it is a proper one. This is merely trans-
ferring the pay rolls from one Department to
another.
Mr. BRIGHT. I understand that perfectly;
but it is very apparent that these amendments
cannot be considered by the House.
Mr. GWIN. Let us try them anyhow.
Mr. PRATT. I would inquire if there is any
limitation in the amendment that there shall be
no payments beyond the amounts heretofore ap-
propriated ?
Mr. WELLER. I have no objection to such
a limitation.
Mr. PRATT. I understand that $101,000 have
been heretofore appropriated for the purpose of
paying these soldiers; and this is merely ex-
tending the list. If the Senator will put in a lim-
itation, in the form of a proviso, that no more
money shall he paid than has heretofore been
appropriated, I shall have no objection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from California modify his amendment?
Mr. WELLER. I have no objection to doing
so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the amendment as modified.
On a division, ten Senators voted in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. GWIN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Walker.)
They have been demanded before, and refused.
On counting the negative side, but seventeen
Senators rose—no quorum voting.
Mr. GWIN. Now we can take the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER. I shall vote against the amend-
ment, because I do not see that it is important
whether the roll is in one place or the other. I
cannot see at this time that it is very important.
Upon another occasion, and on another bill, I
may be ready to vote for it.
Mr. GWIN". It is important, inasmuch as
they cannot £et their pay unless this is done.
Mr. DAWSON. Here is the law which made
the appropriation: *
