618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
attention of the Senate to the memorial. It is pre-
sented, after the final vote of the Senate, as a pro-
test against our action—against the action in which
largely more than two thirds of this body con-
curred. It protests against our action as being a
breach of faith, as involving a moral wrong, as
destructive of all confidence, and as subjecting us
to the righteous judgment of the Almighty, It is
presented, too, by a denomination of men calling
themselves preachers of the Gospel. Sir, it has
been demonstrated in debate that there is not a
particle of truth in the allegation of a breach of
faith or breach of confidence. It has been demon-
strated so clearly, that there is no excuse for any
man in the community for believing it any longer.
Yet, here we find that a large body of preachers,
perhaps three thousand, following the lead of a
circular, which was issued by the Abolition con-
federates in this body, calculated to deceive and
mislead the public, have heiecome forward, with
an atrocious falsehood and an atrocious calumny
against this Senate, desecrated the pulpit, and
prostituted the sacred desk to the miserable and
corrupting influence of party politics. It matters
not whether the description is confined to nairow
limits, or whether it extends to all the clergymen
of New England. It matters not whether the
misrepresentation has taken a broad scope, or
been confined to a few; 1 hold it as our duty to
expose the conduct of men, who, under the cloak
of religion, either from ignorance or willful mis-
representation, will avail themselves of their sacred
calling to arraign the conduct of Senators here in
the discharge of our duties. Sir, I hold that this
Senate is as capable of judging whether our action
involves moral turpitude, whether it involves the
subversion of morals, whether it subjects us to
the judgment of the Almighty, as are these polit-
ical preachers, whose protest proves them to be
without any reliableinformation upon the subject.
It is evident, sir, that these men know not what
they are talking about. It i3 evident that tliey
ought to be rebuked, and required to confine them-
selves to their vocation, instead of neglecting their
flocks, and bringing our holy religion into disre-
pute by violating its sacred principles, and disre-
garding the obligations of truth and honor, by
presenting here a document which is so offen-
sive that no gentleman can indorse it without vio-
lating all the rules of courtesy, of propriety, and
of honor.
Sir, there seems to be an attempt to pile upon
our table offensive document after offensive docu-
ment, slander after slander, libel after libel, m
order that the Abolition press may copy it as
coming from the records of the Senate, and go
back and give it credit in the country. They are
smuggled in here, the offensive matter concealed
from our knowledge until we happen to look into
them and see what they are, and then these gen-
tlemen expect to carry on a political campaign by
quoting from our own lecords that we are traitors
to our country, traitors to God, and traitors to
humanity. I think it is tune that this miserable
system o'electioneering by violating the rules and
courtesies of the Senate, to get an indorsement
of libels, which men ought to be ashamed to adopt,
should be exposed and rebuked. I am not willing
that they should be permitted to pile up slander
of that kind, insult of that kind, upon our table,
and let it then be used for such a purpose. You
know, sir, that that memorial is not intended to
affect the action of the Senate. We have no such
bill before us. Ouraction is passed. It is not for
the purpose of influencing our official conduct.
Why is it brought here ? There can be no other
object in presenting it here now than simply to
furnish capital for organizing a great sectional
party, and trying to draw the whole religious com-
munity into their schemes of political aggrandize-
ment. I think that men ought to be able to rely
upon argument, and upon truth, and upon reason,
instead of resortingto these things for the purpose
of stimulating: excitement for political ends, i have
no motion to submit, but I felt it to be my duty to
call the attention of the Senate to the memorial.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think that a petition of
this kind ought to be received, and that it is not
subject to the charge brought against it by the
Senator from Illinois. It does not arraign our
action by being drawn up after that action was
had. The Nebraska bill passed this body on the
m«ht of the 3d, or rather on the morning of the
4rh hwtJMrt*. The memorial appears Co be dated
on the 1st of March. I cannot think that it meant
any indignity to the Senate. There is nothing
expressive of any such feeling in it. It is a right
that all individuals in the community haver, if
their terms are respectful, to memorialize the
Senate of the United States upon any subject.
Whether there is any ulterior object m this 1
know not; but from the date of the memorial, and
from the number of signers, I am induced to be-
lieve that the memorialists thought there was
something wrong in that bill; and if they believed
that its passage would be a breach of faith on the
part of the Government, they had a right to say
so. I took the liberty of making the same charge
here. There were more questions than that of
non-intervention involved in that bill. It involved
an infraction of faith with the Indians, of pledges
given to them under all the solemn forms, yet
mockery, of treaties. That was one point in-
volved; and I charged that the passage of the bill
would be a violation of plighted faith in that par-
ticular. Was it a violation of faith to disregard
the Missouri compromise, which was of so much
antiquity and utility to the country? That is a
matter of discussion. I have not arraigned the
action of any gentleman since the passage of the
bill, but anterior to it I gave my opinions m re-
lation to its character, as a disregard of treaties,
and as a flagrant violation of the plighted faith of
the nation towards the Indians. With respect to
the Missouri compromise I believe its repeal to
be as flagrant a breach of faith as the violation of
treaties made with the Indians.
I have not charged Senators with corrupt mo-
tives, nor have I charged them with anything self-
ish; but 1 certainly can see no more impropriety
m ministers of the Gospel, in their vocation, me-
morializing Congress than politicians, or other indi-
viduals. 1 do not believe that these ministers have
sent this memorial here to manufacture political
capital, to have it entered on the records of the
Senate, so that it might be taken back, and dissem-
inated through the country. Sir, it comes from
the country. I told you that there would be agi-
tation; but it was denied upon this floor. Is not
this agitation? Three thousand ministers of the
living God upon earth—his vicegerents—send a
memorial here upon this subject; and yet, you tell
me, that there is no excitement in the country !
Sir, you realize what I anticipated. The country
has to bear the infliction.
Sir, the coup d'etat was not successful. The bill
did not pass before the community was awakened
to it. The community was awakened to it not
alone in New England, for I have seen letters
from the South and West stating that it was there
regarded as a breach of faith; and I can see no
wrong in ministers expressing their opinion in re-
gard to it. This protest does not attack the repu-
tation of Senators. It does not displace them from
their positions here, ltdoes not impair their capa-
bilities for the discbarge of the high functions
which the Constitution has devolved upon them.
I see nothing wrong in all this. Ministers have
a right to remonstrate. They are like other men.
Because they are ministers of the Gospel they are
not disfranchised of political rights and privileges;
and, if their language is respectful to the Senate,
in anticipation of the passage of a bill which was
obnoxious to them, they have a right to spread
their opinions on the records of the nation. The
i great national heait throbs under this measure; its
, pulse beats high; and is it surprising that we
, should observe the effects of it ? f trust, sir, that
! the nation may yet again see the blessed tranquil-
, hty that prevailed over the whole country when
j this " healing measure " was introduced into the
1 Senate. The nation's position was enviable. It
: was una^itated. There was not, in my recollec-
< tion, a time so tranquil, and a community more
happy. A nation more prosperous existed not
| upon the earth. Sir, I trust that there will be no
; continuance of agitation; but the way to end it is
] not to make war upon memorialists. Let them
; memorialize if they think it necessary. If they
state what is incorrect, let the subject be referred
to committees, and let the committees give an ex-
position of the truth, and lay it, in reports, before
the public, and then the intelligence of the nation
; will determine as to what is right, and what con-
; siderarion ought to be given to it. 1 would not take
; away the liberty to indulge in the freest expression
j of opinion, or the exercise of the rights and privi-
j leges whfch bfelong t'o any porCiofl of to country;
yet I would discourage agitation. I may hold the
contents of this protest, to some extent, heretical;
yet they are not expressed in such offensive lan-
guage as would justify a denial of their right to
memorialize. If it had been intended to impugn
our motives or our actions, either as corrupt or
immoral, we could bear it. The people surely
have a right to think and speak upon our action.
We are n^t placed in a position so high that we
are elevated above the questioning power of the
people. They have the right to look into our ac-
tion, and investigate our conduct; and, if they do
not approve of it, to express their opinions in re-
lation to it. I shall never make war upon them
on that account; yet, I trust, that, whatever dis-
position may be made of the bill which we have
passed, the agitation has already reached its acme;
and that, from this point it may decline, until the
country is again restored to peace and happiness.
Mr. MASON. That it is the right of the citi-
zens of the United.States to petition Congress, or
either House of it, upon any subject that may be
presented to them, is never denied, never should
be denied; and such petition upon any subject of
public interest should be received and treated with
the respect which is due to citizens. I trust I
shall never see the day when the Senate of the
United States will treat the authors of such peti-
tions, upon any subject proper for legislation pend-
ing before the body, coming from the people of
the United States with aught but respect. But I
understand this petition to come from a class who
have put aside their character of citizens. Itcomes
from a. class who style themselves in the petition
ministers of the Gospel, and not citizens They
come before us—I have not understood the peti-
tion wrong, I believe—as ministers of the Gospel,
not citizens, and denounce prospectively the action
of the Senate, in their language,as a moral wrong;
and they have the temerity, in the presence of the
citizens of the United States, to invoke the ven-
geance of the Almighty, whom they profess to
serve, against us. Sir, ministers of the Gospel are
unknown to this Government, and God forbid the
day should ever come when they shall be known
to it. The great effort of the Ameucan people
has been, by every form of defensive measures,
to keep that class away from the Government; to
deny to them any access to it as a class, or any
interference in its proceedings. The best illustra-
tion of the wisdom of that policy is to be found
in the character of this petition. Ministers of the
Gospel,! repeat, are unknown to the Government.
Their mission upon earth is unknown to the Gov-
ernment. Of all others, they are the most en-
croaching, and, as a body, arrogant class of men.
What do these ministers say ? Do they as citi-
zens enter into a statement of the facts of which
they complain ? Do they recite what will be the
political effects of the measure which they con-
plain? No; they inform us that they come here,
through their petition, in the presence of the Al-
mighty, and invoke His vengeance upon the Sen-
ate of the United States as about to commit, in
their judgment, a great moral wrong.
Now, sir, I am peifectly willing to let any num-
ber of citizens protest against the measure which
has recently passed the Senate. They have a
right to do so, in respectful language, such as be-
comes gentlemen in addressing each other. If
thirty thousand, or three hundred thousand citi-
zens come from New England, let them be heard.
It is a respect due to them; but when they come
here, not as citizens, but declaring that they come
as ministers of the Gospel, and, as the honorable
Senator from Texas declared them to be, viceger-
ents of the Almighty—so I understood him to de-
clare, possibly he meant vice-regents to supervise
and control the legislation of the country—I say,
when they come here as a class unknown to the
Government, a class that the Government does
not mean to know in any form or shape, not to
recommend or to remonstrate, but to denounce our
action as a great moral wrong, because they claim
to be the 44 vicegerents" of the Almighty, we are
bound—not from disrespect to them as citizens,
not from disrespect to the cloth which they do
not grace, but from respect to the Government,
from respect to that sacred public trust which has
been committed to us—to carry out the policy of
the Government and refuse to recognize them.
Sir, their object, as was well said by the Senator
from Illinois, has been agitation—agitation; and
I presume that their cloth tfrid their m?nfstry will
