THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. €.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MAY 30, 1854.
New Series.... No. 84.
cate its own right by reconsidering the resolution,
and adopting the amendment suggested by the
Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is to me a matter of entire
indifference who does the printing of this docu-
ment; but it is desirable it should be done, and I
think it is desirable that the Senate should vote
understandmgly upon the matter, or I would not
again trespass upon its attention. Having been
somewhat familiar with it, I beg to state in a very
few words what 4s my view of the matter.
The law provides that when the printing of a
document is first ordered in the Senate, and sub-
sequently in the House, it shall be printed- for
both Houses by the Senate printer; and when
first ordered in the House, and subsequently in the
Senate, it shall be done by the House printer.
Now, sir, the first part of the Patent Office report
was communicated to the Senate early in the ses-
sion. I have not before me the day, but it was
early in the session^ Subsequently, and long
afterwards, the second part of that report was
communicated to Congress. The first part of it
was ordered to be printed m the Senate; the sec-
ond part in the House. What is the true con-
struction in relation to this matter? What is the
law? What constitutes a document? That is
the true question to be settled. By the law of
1837, it is made the duty of the Commissioner of
Patents to make an annual report upon the arts
and manufactures. That is all the law there is
in existence which requires any report from the
Commissioner of Patents. The law, therefore, is
complied with when he sends here what we call
his mechanical report. That is all the report he
is required to make by law. That was ordered
to be printed, first in the Senate, next in the
House, and both editions were printed, or are in
process of being printed, by the Senate printer.
W hat number the document bears has no earthly
connection with the subject. What the Senate vote,
by its order, to make a document, is a document
under the law. We vote to print the President's
message and accompanying documents. It is
subdivided into three or four parts, as the Super-
intendent of the Public Printing shall deem proper,
but it makes but one document, because—and I
beg Senators to bear in mind what 1 say—there
is but one order of Congress in ordering it to be
printed. What we order to be printed at this
time, by this vote, constitutes a document, whether
it is two, ten, or one hundred pages. That is, in
the language of the law, a document; and the
whole number of documents that we order to be
printed must be printed by the printer of the Sen-
ate, if it is first ordered here. Now, sir, if the
second part were the same document, only one
vote was necessary in the House or Senate for
the printing of both. You might want an addi-
tional vote for an additional number, but a vote
to print the first part, if the two be one document
in law, must necessarily have carried the printing
of the second. What was the view of the Senate?
They took no such view of it. We ordered, by a
separate vote, the second part to be printed. The
House did the same; and by its own order made
it a document.
This, sir, is my view of the matter; and I think
I could cite here a great many illustrations of it.
We find the President's message and accompa-
nying documents sent to us, but we find additional
reports emanating from the Departments. I have
one m my recollection now. I recollect very well
that the Secretary of War, either this year or last
year, stated in his report that there was a certain
matter upon which he was not fully prepared at
that time to report. Was it not in regard tot he
surveys for the Pacific railroad? I think it was.
He therefore did not communicate them as apart
of his annual report, because he had not them
complete. What did hedo? Subsequently, when
he got them, he sent them in. What did we do ?
Printed them separately, and made, by our own
order, a separate document of them. I hold, un-
der this law, that the President may send in his
annual message, accompanied by the annual re-
ports of the heads of the different Departments;
84
and if the Senate should so choose, it is perfectly
competent, under that law, to say that we would
order the President's message and the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury to be printed, and stop
there; and by so doing we would make it a docu-
ment. That is the language of the law. What
we order to be printed is a document; and, taking
the case which i have stated, if we take the Pres-
ident's message and report ol the Treasury De-
partment, and say that we will order them to be
printed alone, and pass no vote in relation to the
others, what would be the document? Why, it
would be the President's message and report of
the Treasury Department. Suppose we subse-
quently ordered the reports of the other Depart-
ments to be printed, the order of the Senate would
make another document of them. If the order to
print them was made at a different time from that
when the first order was made, they would be
another document, no matter what the number
would be. That would not vary it, because it
would be an order of the Senate to print a certain
number at a certain time, while the other would
have been another order, at another time, for an en-
tirely distinct thing.
So it is in relation to this matter. While this
report is by law a thing which has two parts, the
one coming here under the direction and by the
requirement of law, and the other under only an
annual appropriation requiring the Commissioner
of Patents to collect certain reports; and while
they have the same number put upon them heie,
we stamp upon them tiie character of two docu-
ments by our own votes, and by our own distinct
orders; I hold that notwithstanding the number,
they are two distinct reports—one mechanical,
the other agricultural.
I think that there is but one case to be found
where the printing of the second part of a docu-
ment has followed that of the first; and that was
the document upon the exploration of the river
Amazon. That report consisted of a first and
second part, and the vote ordering the first part
to be printed, also, at the same time, ordered the
second part to be printed, and consequently the
Senate at that time, although they both made one
report, looked at them as two documents, draw-
ing a distinction between a report and a docu-
ment. There were two parts to a report, and the
Senate made two documents of it; but to super-
sede the necessity of a subsequent motion to print
the second part, which was the second document,
the motion was made for the whole when the first
part was printed. Now, if when the Senate or-
dered the mechanical portion of the Patent Office
report to be printed, it had, at the same time, or-
dered the agricultural portion to be printed, one
would have followed the other. But by its own
action, by a distinct and separate order, it has
made them two documents. It has made two
documents, even if they were one report; though
I deny that they are the same report. One is m
relation to mechanics, and the other in relation
to agriculture. This is the view I take of the
matter; and it is in accordance with the uniform
practice of the Senate. It is the opinion of the
Superintendent of the Public Printing; and, in
accordance with that opinion, I understand he
has delivered the work to the public printer. It
is a question for him to decide, and not for the
Senate. I think, myself, that it was inappropriate
for the House to declare that theirs should be
printed by the printer of the House, because it
was what was beyond their control, and what
they could not do. You have a law placing that
power m the hands of an executive officer; and
that power he was bound to discharge under the
sanction of an oath and under a bond. If he be-
lieved that one printer or the other, under the law,
was entitled to it, he had nothing to do but to
discharge his duty, and to discharge it as he un-
derstood the low.
I have nothing further to say upon the subject.
If the Senate shall be disposed to reconsider and
pass the order with the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Pennsylvania, 1 can only say
that I shall make no further objection to it; but I
will regard it as a vote directly in opposition to
the law.
Mr. PRATT. While the Senator was speak-
ing I referred to the law, and also to copies of the
Patent Office report. To show that I was entirely
right in the remarks which I made when I ad-
dressed the Senate, I shall read a sentence from
the seventh section of the law:
"That when any document sha'il be ordered tcbe print-
ed by both Houses of Co!i£re.^> the entire piinting of such
document shall be done by the printer ofth.it House which
first ordered the same."
There is no dispute in reference to this matter,
that the mechanical part of the report was first,
presented to the Senate, and by the Senate'was
first ordered to be printed. If, therefore, the agri-
cultural portion of the report constitutes a part of
the same document, the Senator concedes that it
comes within the letter of that clause of the sev-
enth section of the act of 1^52, which I have read
for the information of the Senate. I hold in my
hand the PatentOfHce report for 1852. Part first
is the mechanical part, and the Commissioner
says:
ct T have tho honor to transmit to you, as required by law,
that poition of the repoit of tins office, for the year 1852,
which teiales to aits and niauulactuies.5'
It is marked Document No. 55. I come to the
agricultural portion of the same report; and the
Commissioner goes on to say that he now has the
honor to transmit that portion of the report relating
to agriculture. It is marked Document No. 55,
precisely the same as the other.
I think, therefore, that I have stated what must
convince every impartial mind that this is one
report, the whole and entire report, constituting
one and only one document; and that, under this
clause of the act of 1852, wherever a document
has been ordered to be printed, it is to be printed
entirely by the printer of the House in which it
is first ordered. That is the proposition for which
I contend. I know that the honorable Senator
from Mainedoes notde&ire to do injustice to any-
body; but it is a proposition which there is not a
legal mind here—I venture to say my honorable
friend from Michigan, who espouses the other
side, cannot get up and say I am wrong—that
does not see that, under this law, the printer of
the Senate is entitled to the printing of the entire
document, I know that neither my honorable
friend from Maine nor any other Senator, desires
to do injustice; but the effect of not agreeing to
the amendment suggested by the Senator from
Pennsylvania would be illegally to deprive our
printer of the emoluments of the office to which
he is entitled.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to state the fact that
while each part of the Patent Office report has the
same number, it is only and entirely our number.
It comes herewith no earthly number upon it.
The Commissioner of Patents communicates his
report separately and distinctly, at two different
times, with no number upon it.
Mr. PRATT. But as one document.
Mr. Hx\MLIN. No, sir; not as one docu- *
ment. And then numbers are placed upon them
by the Secretary of the Senate, when he sends
them out, simply as an arbitrary method of desig-
nating them, not for the purpose of consolidating
them or making them either one report or one
document.
Mr. STUART. I think that if I can have the
attention of the Senator from Maryland, we shall
not disagree about this question; certainly,! hope
not. I am not going to discuss the question as to
whether this report is one or two documents. I
will only suggest to the Senator and to the Senate,
that it may very well be one report, and yet two.
documents, within the meaning of the law. But,
for the purpose of my argument, that does not
alter the question. I submit that the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing is the agent, selected by the
law to determine the question as to who shall do
the punting. Th's being my view of the law—■
and I think the Senator himself will not dispute
it—I submit again respectfully to the Senate that
if the Superintendent disagrees with ua, he will
