1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2187
Jlml he it faither enacted, That for the pay and equip-
ment of mounted riflemen, finding their own horses and
forage, volunteering and serving under the command of
Captain John C. Fremont, in California, in the year 1846,
upon the muster roll now on file in the War Department,
and applies for the volunteers in said service, $168,000."
Apart of the muster-rolls are in the Navy De-
partment, and cannot be transferred to the War
Department to meet the appropriation. The ob-
ject of the amendment is merely to justify the
Secretary of War in transferring them to his De-
partment, and then the money appropriated two
years ago will be paid out under those muster-
rolls.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Benjamin, Brodhead,
Cha«e, Dawson; Fessenden, Geyer, Gillette, Gwin, Hous-
ton, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Jones ot Tennessee, Sebas-
tian, Seward, Stuart, Toucey, Wade, Walker, and Weiler
—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Bright, Brown, Butler, Clay, Cooper,
Evans, Fish, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Hunter, PetUt, Pratt, and
Rockwell—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLE R.. The last amendment which
I have is the following:
*.lnd he it further enacted, That in the event the Secre-
tary of War shall deem it inconsistent with the interest of
the military service to furnish a sufficient portion of the
military building at Fort Leavenworth for the use of the
territorial government of Kansas, the sum of $-25,000 shall
he, and in that contingency hereby is, appropriated for the
erection of public buildings lor the use of the Legislature
of Kansas, to be expended under the direction of the Gov-
ernor of t-aid Teimory,
Mr. !)A WSON. The public houses in which
the officers of the Army live are now engaged. By
the Kansas bill the civil authorities are authorized
to locate their seat of government there. Since its
passage, the Secretary of War has signified to the
committee that those buildings could not be given
up. In consequence of that communication, this
appropriation is proposed to be made. It is neces-
sary to enable them to carry on the government.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I submit an amendment
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, embracing
appropriations for carrying into effect Indian trea-
ties which have been ratified since the passage of
the Indian appropriation bill:
Shau ilea.—For the first installment of interest, at five per
cent, on ^4D,000 for education, per third article of the treaty
of Ma\ 10, lb.lt, 5->,0')0.
For ihfir-t of eight annual installments of money, m
oajmcnt for lands, per third article of the treaty, May 1U,
*1851, 4100,1)00.
For tue expenses of surveying the lands, and setting
apart the surplus, as provided m the lifth article ot the
treaty, May 10, 1854, $9,936.
For payment for relinquishment of certain permanent,
and other annuities, and satisfaction for losses, damage*.,
ami claims, per eleventh article of the treaty ot May iO,
1851, -^7,000.
Kashiu/xia, and Peoria, and JVeo, and Piankcihaw.—
Foi the expenses of surveymgthe lands, as provided in the
third and iourth articles of the treaty of May 30, lt\>4,
$5,900.
The payment of the fiiit of three installments in money,
of ,^13,000 each, lor piucha^e of formei permanent anmi-
Ui<^« and relinquishment of claim* and damages, per sixth
article yt the treatv of May 30, IS.")!, ,^13,000.
Fur the nr^t of five installment--, lor support of a black-
smith and assistant, per bixth article of ihe treaty ot 30th
May, i*C>4,.$7->0.
For tiie first of five installment", foi the purchase of iron
and <teel, per sixth article of the treaty of 30th May, 1854,
$220.
For the erection of a smith shop, and purchase of tools
therefor, pei sixth article of the treaty ot 30th May, 1854.
$L20.
Mutinies.—Foi the expenses of surveying the lands as
provided in the second article of the treaty, June 5, 1854,
.$7,452.
For interest, at the rate of five per centum, on $50,000,
for educational 'purposes, &c., pei thud article of the ueaty
June 5, .$2,300.
lleapiiropiiauon : For payment of the valuation of im-
provements on lands ceded, as stipulated in the sixth article
of the treaty of 1834, and the seventh article ot the treaty
of (the amount having been eained to the surplus
fund by warrant No. 94, of September^*, 1852,) per fourth
article or the treaty, June 5, 1854, ^8,000 68.
For the payment to the Miamips residing on the ceded
lauds of the first of six equal annual installments for pur-
chase of former perpetual and other annuities, and relin-
quishment of claim*, &o., per louith article of the treaty,
June 5,18)4, $31,739 11
For payment m full to John Grigg and Sash-o quosli, as
provided Hi the fourth article of said last mentioned treaty,
$9,(^9 >0.
For payment of the claims of Miamies who live on the
ceded lands, for damages and loss of stock and other piop
erty, and lor losses ot improvements, &c., caused by
their removal from Sugar Creek, per fouiih article of the
treaty, June 5, 185-1, $7,775 82.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN". Another amendment be-
comes necessary in the form of a proviso to that, 1
to annul certain appropriations made in the Indian
appropriation bill:
Provided, That the following appropriations contained in
the Indian appropriation act; passed at the present session,
are hereby annulled and repealed '
For fulfilling treaties with the fShawuees:
Perinanen' provision /or salt, >>60 j blacksmith and assist-
ant, $i?40 ; iron and steel, $220.
For fulfilling treaties with the Piaukeshaws:
Permanent annuities, .$^00.
For fulfilling treaties with the Weas:
Permanent annuity, .$3,000.
For fulfilling treaties with the Miamies:
Money in lieu or laborers,$250 ; agricultural implements,
$200.
For fulfilling treaties with the Delaware?:
Permanent annuity, iourth article, treaty of August,
1795, $1,000 ; penuanent annuity, third article, treaty of
September, 1B09, $500 ; permanent annuity, fifth article,
treaty of October, 1818, $4,000; permanent annuity, article
supplementary, &.C., 1625),41,000 ;permaiients provision for
blacksmith, October, 1818, $720.
Permanent provisions tfir iron and steel for shop, October,
1818, $220.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the unanimous consent
to make a report from the committee of conference
on the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. WELLER. That will necessarily take
gome time; because I shall have to find out what
amendment numbers one, fourteen, sixteen, and
so on, is.
Mr. SEBASTIAN". I have another amend-
ment:
Menomonees.—For payment of expenses incurred in
negotiating the articles of May 12, 1854, with the Me-
nomonees, supplemental and amendatory to the treaty of
October, 1843, 5950.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next amendment
which I have is:
And be iffurther enacted, That the sums appropriated
by the act of March 3, 3840, for the removal and subsistence
of the Menomonees, and lor the establishment of a manual
labor «chool, &e , for them, and now remaining in the
Treasury, together with the suni> lor the pay ot a miller,
heretotoie appropuated, be paid to, and extended tor the
benefit of said Menoinonee Indian-;, according to the stipu-
lations of said supplementary and amendatory articles.
I The amendment was agreed to.
j Mr SEBASTIAN. The next is to perform a
treaty with the Creeks:
For pa>merit, as stipulated by the article dated June 13,
1854, supplemental}' to the treaty at Fort Gib-on, Novem-
ber 3, 4^28, to individuals of the Creek nation for claim*
for property abandoned and Io-.t in consequence of their
emigration \v M of the Mississippi, to he distubuted under
the direction of the clue! a^eut ot the United State*, to the
Creeks, in the proportion as set forth and determined in
the schedule referred to in the second article of said treaty
of November 3, 1828, ^350,000 . Fronde!, however. That
the appropriation ot $17,500 foi merest thueon, contained
in the Indian appiopnation act, passed at the present ses
siori, he, and the same is hereby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The last amendment
which I have from the committee is to insert:
For extra clerk hire for tli
for one year, commencing
$5,600.
For pavment of the expenses of the delegates of the Creek
nation, now in this city, vl,iy(J 55.
Mr. PETTIT. The first part of that amend-
ment seems to leach from the first of August next.
It must have been drown up some days ago.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, it means this August, and
I so modify it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have another amend-
ment, which I do not oiler from the Committee on
Indian Affairs:
That the joint resolution entitled " A resolution explana-
tory of the act appropriating money for the lemoval of the
raft of Red river," approved January?, 1853, be, and is
hereby, repealed, and that the Secretary of the Department
of War be authorized to expend the appropriation in refer-
ence to Red rivci laft m such a way,and for such purposes
as he may approve, having in view the improvement of the
navigation ot Red river in and around said raft.
Mr. PRATT. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that.
Ii Mr. SEBASTIAN. As the yeas and nays are
!j called for, a few words will explain the amend-
ment to the Senate. In the first place, Mr. Presi-
;• dent, the appropriation which it seeks to control
jl has aheady been made; and unless some provision
'l is made in re£?trd to it, it will become ineffectual,
!j because it will relapse into the surplus fund. In
jj the next place, the amendment does not propose
ij to divert the fund to another purpose, but only to
jj enlarge the discretion of the Secretary of War,
|| and enable him to carry out the object of the ap-
service of the Indian office
m 'he 1st of August next,
propriation. Unless it is passed, that appropriation
will be placed m thesingular predicamentof being
the only one contained m the last river and harbor
bill which is tied up from the purpose for which it
was made. This proposition is embraced precisely
in the river and harbor bill which we have just
passed. It is also embraced in a resolution which
passed this body, I think, without a division, and
'went to the other House; so that it has been de-
liberately sanctioned by both Houses; and yet, in
consequence of not being on the same bill, there is
no certainty that it will pass. I omitted to move
it to the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, at
the suggestion of the Senator from Virginia that the
Army bill was the proper place for it.
Mr. HUNTER. I did not say'I thought it
right. I thought it more proper in the Army
than in the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
I cannot vote for it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. He thought it more proper.
The expenditure is to be made by the Secretary of
War. It is, therefore, peculiarly appropriate to
the Army appropriation bill. It contains no new
appropriation. It simply carries out the object
indicated in the old law. I will simply remark,
in conclusion, that an amendment involving pre-
cisely the same-principle was Incorporated, by a
deliberate vote of the Senate, upon the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill. I allude to the one
offered by the Senator from North Carolina [Mr.
Badger] in reference to the use of a former ap-
propriation for his State. The principle and pre-
cedent have been sanctioned by the deliberate
votes of the Senate; and, with this explanation, I
submit the question.
Mr. PRATT. This very appropriation is con-
tained in the river and harbor bill; and although
I believe it to be right, yet I believe all the other
appropriations m that bill are right, and 1 wish
them all to share the same fate, if this is to be
contained in another bill, so as to give it additional
chance, we might as well add that whole bill to
this.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This is not an appropria-
tion now made for the States of Arkansas and
Louisiana. The appropriation was made in the
river and harbor bill twoyearsago. All theother
appropriations made in that bill have been ex-
pended. This particular appropriation alone re-
mains unexpended by reason of a particular limit-
ation contained in the appropriation hill which
has prevented the Secretary of Wai f  om carrying
out the object of the appropriation, k is true we
have put it in the river and haibor bill acain this
year, but it is too late in the session for that bill
to pass. The object is not to put us m any better
position than anybody else, but to give us the
same rights that all others have already enjoyed.
The appropriations made two years ago for all
other sections of the Confederacy have been ex-
pended in their favor. This one appropriation for
j the benefit of Louisiana and Arkansas has not yet
been expended, and the object of this amendment
is to enable the Secretary of War to expend it.
Mr. SLIDELL. I wish simply to make one
I observation m reply to the objection of the Senator
from Maryland He objects to this amendment be-
cause the same provision is contained m the river
and harbor bill. I think he was silent when a
similar proposition was made in relation to the
1 improvement of the Albemarle sound, and added
jj without a dissenting voice m the Senate to the
j; civil and diplomatic bill, though that very provis-
|; ion is embodied in the river and harbor bill,
'i The question being taken on the amendment
by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 33, nays 4; as
, follows:
YEAS Messrs. Adam«, Atchison, Benjamin. I>iod-
I head, Ullage, Clay, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Kvans, Fes-
ij senden, Fi*h, Foot, Geyer, Gwin, Houston. Johnson, Jones
of fowa, Jones of Tenne-see, Mallory, Morton, Pearee,
i: Rockwell. Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Slidell, Stu;ut,Thom-
j; son of New Jersey,Toombs, Toucey, Wade, Walker, and
i| Weiler—33.
j, NAYS—Messrs. Bright, Hunter, Mason, and Pratt—4.
II So the amendment was agreed to.
j! MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
;! A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
'> nounc.ing that the Speaker had .signed the bill for
' the relief of Thomas Bronaugh,and for the repeal
! of the <£ act to aid the, Territory of Minnesota in
; the construction of a railroad therein," approved
: the 29th of .Tune, 1*354, and the joint resolution
j directing the presentation of a medal to Com-
