1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
619
enable them to agitate with some success. I say,
then, Mr. President, in my judgment it is due to
the Government, to the public trust which we are
here to administer, that we should carry out the
policy of the Government and refuse to recognize
these ministers of the Gospel in coming here. I
move, therefore, that the petition be not received,
as the best evidence of the sense of the Senate of
its character.
Mr. BUTLER. It has been received, f believe,
and all that is left is to protest against the protest-
ants. I have great respect, Mr. President, for the
pulpit. 1 have such a respect for it that I would
almost submit to a rebuke from a minister of the
Gospel, even in my official capacity; but they lose
a portion of my respect when I see an organiza-
tion, for, I believe, the first time in the history of
this Government, of clergymen within a local pre-
cint, within the limits of New England, assuming
to be, as the Senator from Texas said, the vicege-
rents of Heaven, comingto the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, not as citizens, as my friend from Vir-
ginia has said, but as the organs of God—for they
do not come here petitioning or presenting their
views under the sanction of the obligations and
responsibilities of citizens under the Constitution
of the United States, but they have dared to quit
the pulpit, and step into the political arena, and
speak as the organs of Almighty God. Sir, they
assume to be the foremen of the jury which is to
pronounce the verdict and judgment of God upon
earth. They do not protest as ordinary citizens
do; but they mingle in their protest what they
would have us believe is the judgment of the
Almighty. When the clergy quit the province
which is assigned to them, in which they can dis-
pense the Gospel—that Gospel which is repre-
sented as the lamb, not as the tiger or the lion—
when they would convert the lamb into the lion,
goingabout in the form of agitators, seeking whom
they may devour, instead of the meek and lowly
representatives of Christ, they divest themselves
of ail respect which I can give them. Sir, the
ministers of the Gospel are the representatives
of the lowly and poor lamb—of Christ; but when
the men who have signed that paper—I do not
know with what ends; I do not say a word against
them as individuals, for I have no doubt they are
good and respectable, and many of them Christ-
ians—assume to organize themselves as clergy-
men to come before the country and protest
against the deliberations of the Senate of the
United States, they deserve, at least, the grave
censure of the body.
Mr. ADAMS. During the discussion of the
Nebraska bill before the Senate I did not open
my mouth; nor should I now but for the remarks
1 which have fallen from the distinguished Senator
from Texas, my old and familiar friend. He
says there is agitation, and that the display upon
your table is evidence of it. Suppose there is
agitation; at whose door ought the fault to lie, if
there be fault? Was the action of this body right
or wrong? If we did what was right and proper,
according to the republican institutions of this
country, and agitation arises out of it, the respon-
sibility neither rests upon the distinguished Sen-
ator who introduced the bill nor those who voted
for it. What was that action? This body, by
its vote, removed a legislative censure upon the
institutions of the South—a censure which has ex-
isted for more than thirty years, and under which
we had lived submissively until now for the sake
of peace. For the first time in thirty years when
■ that censure could be repealed, when the southern
States place themselves as the Constitution places
them, upon an equality with the northern States,
we are committing a very great outrage when we
simply say that the people of every portion of this
country within the limits of our constitutional
authority shall be governed by their own laws in
their own way. That is the whole of it.
I concur with my friend from South Carolina
in regard to the petition which has been presented
and ordered to lie on the table. It is addressed
to the Senate and House of Representatives by a
body of individuals as ministers of the Gospel. I
trust I h^ve as high a regard for their vocation as
any other individual, and as much respect for the
ministers of peace and good will on earth as any
other individual; but when they depart from their
high vocation, and come down to mingle in the
turbid pools of politics, I would treat them just
as I would all other citizens, I would treat their
memorials and remonstrances precisely as I would
those of other citizens. It is so unlike the apos-
tles and the ministers of Christ at an early day,
that it loses the potency which they suppose the
styling themselves ministers of the Gospel would
give to their memorials. The early ministers of
Christ attended to their mission, one which was
given to them by their Master; and under all
circumstances, even when the Saviour himself
was upon earth, and attempts were made to in-
duce him to give opinions with reference to the
municipal affairs of the Government, he refused.
These men have descended from their high estate
to assail the action of this body. The Senator
from Massachusetts, in presenting the petition,
has done what he considered to be his duty;
but I would remark, however, that with all the
respect which belongs to the high character of
those individuals as ministers of the Gospel, their
petition should, under the circumstances, receive
no more respect from us than if it came from any
other private citizens.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I have the mis-
fortune again to differ from my friends in relation
to this measure, but that difference is not sufficient
to induce me to enter anew into the discussion of
it. I will, however, discuss the propriety of this
memorial. The gentlemen misapprehend its char-
acter entirely. I undeistood the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia—but I may have been mis-
taken—to say that it invoked the vengeance of the
Almighty God upon the Senate.
Mr. MASON. In substance it does, as I un-
derstand.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no invocation con-
tained in the memorial. It is a respectful protest,
stating their appreciation of the measure then
pending before the Senate of the United States,
and not one word is contained in it derogatory to
the Senate at the time it was drawn, and there is
no invocation of wrath or vengeance upon the
members of this body. It is a respectful protest,
in the name of the Almighty God.
By the expression which I used when I was up
before, that they were the vicegerents of the Al-
mighty, I merely intended to say that they were
harbingers of peace to their fellow-men; and if it
was a lapsus linguat or improper expression, it
does not change the intention that I then enter-
tained in my mind, of expressing a belief, that it
was nothing else than an extraordinary emer-
gency that diverted men from their ordinary pur-
suits m the ministry of the Gospel to engage at
all in, or to step even to the verge of, the political
arena.
We are told, Mr. President, that this was in-
tended for the purpose of agitation. It is certainly
a manifestation of agitation; but it could not have
been intended to create agitation, for the thing was
done, and here is one of its developments and
consequences. Yet, sir, I can see nothing wrong
in the memorial, so far as I am concerned. If
ministers of the Gospel are not recognized by the
Constitution of the United States, they are recog-
nized by the moral and social constitution of soci-
ety. They are recognized in the constitution of
man's salvation. The great Redeemer of the world
enjoined duties upon mankind: and there is the
moral constitution from which we have derived all
the excellent principles of our political Constitu-
tion—the great principles upon which our Gov-
ernment, morally, socially, and religiously, is
founded.
Then, sir, I do not think there is anything very
derogatory to our institutions m the ministers of
the Gospel expressing their opinions. They have
a right to do it. No man can be a minister with-
out first being a man. He has political rights; he
has also the rights of a missionary of the Sayiour,
and he is not disfrancnised by his vocation. Cer-
tain political restrictions may be laid upon him;
he may be disqualified from serving in the Legis-
latures of the States, but that does not discharge
him from political and civil obligations to his coun-
try. He has a right to contribute, as far as he
thinks necessary, to the sustentation of its insti-
tutions. He has a right to interpose his voice as
one ofits citizens against the adoption of any meas-
ure which he believes willinjure thenation. These
individuals have done no more. They have not
denounced the Senate, but they have protested, in
the capacity of ministers, against what I and other
Senators on this floor protested. They have the
right to do it, and we cannot take that right from
them. They will exercise it. The people have the
right to think, and they will exercise that right.
They have the right of memoralizing, and they will
exercise that right. They have the right to express ,
their opinions, and they will exercise that right.
They will exercise their rights in reprobation or
commendation at the ballot-box, too; and preach-
ers, I believe, vote. They have the right to do so.
They are not very formidable numerically, but they
have the right to do this as ministers of the Gos-
pel, as well as we Senators have a right to vote for
the adoption of a measure; and if it is not in ac-
cordance with their opinions they have a right to
condemn it. They have the right to think it is
morally wrong, politically wrong, civilly wrong,
and socially wron^, if they do not interfere with
the vested rights of others in the entertainment of
those opinions.
I understood my honorable friend from Missis-
sippi to say, that the South had been groaning for
a long time under this oppressive measure. The
South, sir, are a spirited people, and how they
could have submitted for more than a third of a
century to this indignity, this wrong, this act of
oppression, which has ground them down in their
prosperity and development, and never have said
a word about it until this auspicious moment ar-
rived, and that, too, when political subjects have
been agitated at the North and South,that it should
have been reserved for the action of the present
Congress, after all others had glided by without
complaint, rebuke, remonstrance, or suggestion of
appeal, is a most extraordinary thing. My friend
does notapprehend it; but there was no excitement
out of this Capitol, or out of the city of Washing-
ton. It originated here. This was the grand labo-
ratory of political action and political machinery.
The object was to mature the measure here, and
inflict it, by a coup d'etat, upon the nation, and
then radiate it to every point of the country. The
potion does not react pleasantly. There is a re-
sponse, but how does it go down ? Not well. The
physic works; it works badly; it works upward-
I am willing to receive any memorials that are
presented to this body which are respectable in
terms, whether they come from preachers, politi-
cians, civilians, or from the beggars that congre-
gate about your cities, and 1 will treat them with
respect and kindness. As long as they are re-
spectful in terms to this body, though they ex-
press their apprehension of a calamity about to
fall on the country, it brands no man; and if they
denounce a measure in advance, it is what they
have a right to do. We have a more eligible po-
sition here to advocate our opinions than individ-
uals have in social life to maintain their positions.
We have all the panoply of power and State sov-
ereignty thrown around the members of this body
to guard and shield them against attacks; but they
are thrown in the midst of the community with-
out any shield, except it is the shield of morality
and propriety of conduct which gives protection
to their person. While they express themselves
respectfully I shall never treat with disrespect
preachers or any other individuals who come be-
fore this body to give us their opinions upon po-
litical subjects.
Mr. EVERETT. Mr. President, as this me-
morial was presented by me, I think it my duty
to say a few words to the Senate by way of ex-
plaining my relations to it. Just after the Senate
came to order this morning,! was called from my
seat to the door of the Senate Chamber, and there
requested to take charge of it—this memorial. The
gentleman in whose hands it was, with whom I
had not the pleasure of a previous personal ac-
quaintance, was introduced to me, as I have no
doubt he is, as a most respectable member of the
clerical profession: and I was requested by him
to take charge of the memorial, and present it to
the Senate. Seeing that it was a very voluminous
document, and one which I could not carry with
me to my seat, and there hand it, in the usual
manner, to the attendants of the Senate, I directed
one of them near me at the door to take it imme-
diately to the table of the Secretary, so that I have
had no opportunity whatever of inspecting it. I
presented it to the Senate but a moment or two
after it was placed in my charge, and, in point of
fact, I had not read a word of it before I cast my
eye over it and a few of the signatures at the head
of it, in conjunction with the Senator from Illinois,
the chairman of the Committee on the Territories,
as we were standing together at the Secretary's
