210&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
J
mander Duncan N. Ingrahum; which were then
signed by the President pro tempore.
The message also announced that the House
had passed, without amendment, Senate bill to
incorporate the Pioneer Manufacturing Company
of Georgetown, District of Columbia.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill " making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expensed of Government for the
year ending: the 30th of June, 1855, and for other
purposes."
Mr. HUNTER asked unanimous consent to be
allowed to present the report of the committee of
conference on that bill; bur,objection being made,
the Senate continued, as in Committee of the
"Wfcole, the consideration of the
ARMV APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have an amend-
ment to offer which has been estimated for by the
Department:
For the construction of a military road from the Rio
Grande, near Ei Paso, to the river Colorado, and for sink
ingweJls thereon, $12,0&O, to be expended under the di-
rection of the Secretary of War.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I offer an amendment to come in
after the appropriation " for pay of the Army:"
Provided, That hereafter the officers of engineers in
command of, and superintending work-*, shall be entitled to
the pay and emoluments attached to their brevet rank during
the period of their service m such commands.
I will, in a word, explain this amendment: Two
officers of the engineer corps are now engaged in
superintending the works at Fort Point and Alca-
tras Island, in the Bay of San Francisco. They
are both brevet officers, but do not receive the pay
of their brevet rank. It is a highly importantand
responsible station. They have disbursements to
make of enormous amounts of money, and receive
nothing but their ordinary pay.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MASON. 1 have an amendment to offer.
It is to insert after the appropriation for repairs
and improvements, and new machinery at Har-
per's Ferry, the following:
For the erection of anew arsenal at Harper's Ferry,
$27,000.
For the purchase of a house and lot on Cliff street, at
Harper's Ferry, at its junction with Shenandoah street,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, $8,830: Provided,
Thai whatever portion of this" appiopriation may be required
therefor, shall be applied towards removing said house.
For repairs and improvements to the rifle works at Har-
per's Ferry, $5,500.
Mr. President, these proposed appropriations
are amongst the estimates from the War Depart-
ment for die armory tit Harper's Feiry. They
were^tven to me by the member of the House
who is now at the head of the Military Com-
mittee there, with the information corroborated by
the papers which he showed me, that they were
taken from a series of estimates made by the War
Department; and he requested that I would offer
them.
Harper's Ferry is not far from my own resi-
dence, and I happen to know personally that the
arsenal where the arms are now stored, from its
position, was subject to inundation from the river
some two or three years since, and the War
Department then asked for authoiity to be en-
abled to build a new arsenal, on'higher ground.
They commenced it, and this appropriation will
enable them to complete it. The other item is for
the purchase of a house, which, I can say, from
my knowledge of the premises, is desirable to be
purchased and to be removed, in order to avoid
risks of fire. It is a policy which has been pursued
by the Government, to avoid the risk of fire by
purchasing adjacent buildings, when necessary.
These items have been selected from the appro-
priations recommended by the War Department,
as those most important; and i submit them to
the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is very obvious
that these armories are to be a source of continual
annoyance to us. The Secretary of War, in his
letter which was read hereto-night, and which, I
think, was treated with great indifference, because
his recommendation was rejected, stated that we
have now six hundred thousand stand of arms in
the notional armories. We have upwards of two
millions deposited with the States. Now, sir, I
think we had better get rid of the whole matter,
and, therefore, I offer this amendment as a sub-
stitute for that offered by the 'Senator from Vir-
ginia:
Jind be it further enacted., Th U the President of the Uni-
ted States be, and he i  hereby, authorized and diroct <1 to
cauhe to be sold, to the highest bidder, after sixty days'
^notice in oneor more newspaper^ published in the cities of
Washington, Baiiimnie, Philadelphia, New York, and Bos
ton, the grounds and properly otvned by the Government at
Springfield, in Massachusetts, and Harper's Ferry, in Vir-
ginia, and used asarinohes of the United States.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I think it not
at all improbable that, if it becomes the estab-
lished policy of this Government to leave the re-
sponsibility for the manufacture of arms to the
Executive, and to take away the control, it must
result in changing the whole scheme of manufac-
turing arms, and it will pass over to private con-
tract. I think that must be a necessary result, if
the Executive cannot be responsible, if you take
away the control, as has been done by an amend-
ment, which has prevailed, to the bill. But yet,
until that is done, the public property ought to be
preserved. As 1 said before, there is no arsenal,"
or proper place for storing arms, adequate for the
purpose, at Harper's Feiry at present. I shall
vote against the amendment of the honorable Sen-
ator from Tennessee, but reserve to myself, as a
Senator from Virginia, to determine upon the
policy of changing the whole system, and giving
it over to private contract, if the policy prevails
of leaving the responsibility with the Executive,
and taking away from him the control.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 am opposed to both amend-
ments for the present. The amendment of the
Senator from Virginia is for the building of a new
arsenal at Harper's Ferry. That is a matter
which ought to have gone befoie the Committee
on Military Affairs of this body. The Senator
has referred to the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs in the House of Representatives.
He should have presented the amendment to that
House.
Mr. MASON. I was informed by that gentle-
man that he did present the amendment, in a differ-
ent form—in a very general form. There is a
fund at Harper's Ferry, derived from the sale of
certain public property there, amounting, 1 think,
to $80,000 or $90,000. When the proportion
was presented to the House of Representatives, it
was, to leave that fund at the discretion of the
War Department, to be expended at Harper's
Ferry for various purposes of improvement, these-
among thefest. It was voted down by the House
in that form, and we, therefore, selected these as
: the most important items of the estimates of the
| War Department.
j Mr. DAWSON. I have every confidence in
| the gentleman lepresenting that district in the
{ House of Representatives; but I say to the Sen-
ator now, and 1 say to the Senate, that it is better
| to let the matter pass over. The object is to re-
move a House which belongs to an individual out
i of a particular street. A year or two n^o, I think,
I an appropriation of $10,500 was made for the
| purpose of beginning the new arsenal. That
' appropriation of $16,500 lias not gone in that
direction.
Mr. MASON. Part of it.
j Mr. DAWSON. You say part of it has not
1 gone. They have done nothing.
; Mr. MASON. They have done a little.
Mr. DAWSON. They may have gone on,
and ilug a found'ation, but that is a small begin-
ning. My objection is, that the change which
has taken place in relation to the armories by the
vote to-night, has produced a feeling in the mind
of the Senator from Virginia which has almost
brought him to vote for the entire repeal of the
laws establishing armories. Then why should
we now make an appropriation of money to build
all arsenal in the neighborhood of that armory,
to take care of the public arms. The better plan,
and the prudent one, is that which I suggest:
to avoid, for the present, any appropriation for
j these armories, especially when it is based upon
I facts which we do not thoroughly comprehend.
I am also opposed to the amendment offered by
my friend from Tennessee; and 1 beg to say to
him that I think it is better to let this matter lie
over until the next session of Congress, when
the subject can be taken up and thoroughly inves-
tigated; and if his proposition shall succeed to
dispose of the armories, any further appropria-
tions will be unnecessary. 1 think, however, the
Senate ought not now, under the existing circum-
stances, to vote a single dollar of appropriation
for arsenals or armories. I hope Senators will
concur with me in that opinion.
Mr. MASON. 1 said this, and I repeat it: if
the Executive is to remain responsible for the
management of the armories, you must leave the
control with the Executive; and if you take away
the control, it must result in the change of the
whole system; 'but until that is done, there ought
to be some means provided for preserving the arms
which are made.
Mr. DAWSON. Now, I will ask the Senator
from Virginia whether this amendment of his is a
recommendation of the Department, ar presented
from a committee?
Mr. MASON. It was my misfortune not to
be heard by the honorable Senator who makes the
inquiry. I said it had been estimated for by the
War Department, was before the House in a more
general form, rejected there, as I am informed,
because of its general character, and presented
here in the form of specific appropriations.
Mr. DAWSON. The estimate for the pre-
ceding year, I think, was $16,500, and that amount
was appropriated. There was no estimate for this
purpose laid before the Committee on Military
Affairs of this body; at least, none that I saw.
Mr. SLIDELL called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment of Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, to the
amendment; and they were ordered, and being
taken resulted—yeas 21, nays 25; as follows:
YE4S—Messrs. Atchison, Bayard, Benjamin, Brod-
lieail, Butler, L'liase, Clay, Dawson, Douglas, Evans, Fish,
Fuzi>atriek, Geyer, Gillette, Gwm, Jones of Tennessee,
Peaicr, I'unit, Sumner, Toombs, and Wade—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Adam>, Bright, Brown, Cooper, Dodge
oflowa, Fessenden, Fool, Houston, Hunter, James,.John-
son, M.illory, Mason, Morton, Norris, Pratt, Kockwell,
Itu--.k, Sebastian, Seward, Slideil, Stuart, Toucefy, Walker,
and Weller—25.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. Mason's amendment was also rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to offer the following
amendment:
For the purchase of three thousand stand of Sharp's
rifle, ,59(),0U0: Provided, The Secretary of War, after fair
practical test thereof, shall deejn the purchase advisable
ami proper.
I wish simply to read the statement of the Ord-
nance Bureau and the Secretary of War upon
this subject:
War Department, >
Washington, "July 29,1654. \
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your letter of the 27th instant, inclosing a resolution of the
Senate, directing the Committee on Military Affairs to in-
quire into the expediency of an appropiiahou for the pur-
chase of the Shatp's rifle" (or the use of tho Army of the
United States, and asking whether they art1 necessary, and
vvh.ii aiun should be appropriated for the purpose.
In reply I transmit you a report of the Colonel of Ord-
nance on the subject, in whose views I concur, and recom-
mend an appropriation of $90,000, subject to the restric-
tions stated bv him.
The resolution of the Senate is herewith returned.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JEFF. DAVJS, Secretary of War.
Hon James Shields, Chairman Committee of Military
Affairs.
Ordnance Office, )
Washington, July 2d, 3854. >
Sir: In answer to General Shidds's letter of the «7th
infant, respecting the expediency of an appropriation for
the purchase of Sharp's rifles, 1 have the honor to report:
In the examinations and tu.xls of breech loading arms,
by boards of officers, Sharp's piinciple has been pronounced
superior to others, and his arms most suitable for the use
of mounted troo^*. Some of them have been purchased
arid i?sued lo the troops, and are now undeigoing the final
test of trial in actual service. Reports of the resulrof that
test have not yet been received; but there is reason to
suppose that they will be favoiable. If they should ba
such as to warrant the adoption of the arm into the United
States service, there will be required, to supply all the
mounted troops with arms made on \hU principle, of pat-
terns suitable for the different kinds of mounted tioops,
r'flemen, and dragoons, about three thousand; to preserve
which, with their appendages, will require about $90,000,
As the adoption of Sharp's arms is dependent on the re-
sult of the practical test, their purchase should be author-
ized, subjecfto theiesultof that test; which will be effected
by an appropriation for the purchase, if the Secietary of
War should deem it advisable and proper.
General Shietd^'s letter, with its niclosure, is returned
herewith. Respectfully, your obedient servant,
II. K. (JKAIG, Colonel of Ordnance.
Hon. Jeff. Davis. Secretary of }V~ar.
Thus we have a distinct recommendation of
