1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2189
Colonel Craig, of the Ordnance Bureau, and of
the Secretary of War. The object of this pur-
chase is to obtain arms to equip three thousand of
our mounted troops. It is for a specific object,
and is dependant upon theise^ult of the final test.
So far as testa have already taken place, they are
pronounced by the War Department to be su-
perior to any other description of arms which
have been in the possession of the Government
of the United States, I believe it will be well to
make this appropriation. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to offer the amend-
ment, and [ hope it will be adopted.
Mr. HRODHEAD. I do not understand this.
But a few minutes ago we send mechanics were
the proper persons to judge of the manufacture of
arms, and that they must be employed for that
purpose. Now it is proposed to refer this ques-
tion to the War Department, and, of course, to a
board of officers. How is the Secretary of War
to ascertain the practicability of this arm > It"is
well known that the Secretary of War will refer
this matter to a board of officers, or iud^e of it
himself. |
Mr. TOUCEY, It has already been exam- !
ined.
Mr. RRODHEAD. Then it has been by mil-
itary officers; and I supposed we had decided in
favor of mechanics. I am opposed to this special
legislation.
Air. JOHNSON. The feeling under which the
SeTiator from Pennsylvania makes those remarks
can be very plainly seen. His feeling is that of
regret, not to express it in any stronger language,
that a particular view which he has had in regard
to the public service has not been sustained by
the votes of the Senate to-night in reference to the
armories. There is no inconsistency between the !
proposition which we offer—to purchase arms
made by private individuals when they are deemed ■
fit by the Department after a practical test—and ,
voting against putting Army officers to superin- I
tend the making of arms. They are two entirely j
distinct and separate matters. One relates to the
supervision of the armoiies, the other to the pur- ;
chase of arms to equip the forces of the United j
States. I regret that we cannot all agree, and i
have but one view upon any public subject; but i
I humbly submit that there is no fuch mconsist- :
ency as the Senator from Pennsylvania thinks in
this instance I see no propriety in the complaint i
which he makes, for this amendment relates to 1
the purchase of arms already made, and the other
to the supervision and direction of the making: of
them.
Mr. DAWSON. It is true,no doubt, as stated 1
by my colleague on the Committee on Military
Affi'irs, (Mr. Johnson,] that a majority of the ,
committee have to-night recommended this appro-
priation. 1
Mr. JOHNSON. May I ask the honorable j
Senator one question > How often has he partici- !
pated in the same kind of action that he should
lay a stress upon the word "to-night," as to the
action of the committee in tin's instance?
Mr. DAWSON, I have not objected to that,
but I say that this appropriation has been recom-
mended to-night, I suppose, by a majority of the
committee, they standing three to two. A sub-
stantial objection to this proposition is, that the '
Secretary of Warsays these rifles are now under-
going an experiment. There is no ascertained
fact in relation to them which would justify Con-
gress in making an appropriation of $90,000 to ,
purchase them. It is true as my friend from Ar- '
kansas says, they have been examined by the 1
head of the Ordnance Bureau, and he has formed !
a favorable opinion m regard to them.
Mr. JOHNSON. Has he not said that, as fat-
as they are tested, they are superior to any other 1
arms?
Mr. DAWSON. Precisely so; but we have yet i
no report from the Department of War as to the
final result of the experiments. It has been already 1
said to ni&ht that we have more than s'v hundred j
thousand stand of arms now in our possession.
Then why should we, at this period of the session,
make an appropriation of $90,000, when there are
other army before the same committee competing 1
for the expropriation 3
Mr, JOHNSON. This in simply to furnish i
th ree thousemd of our mounted troops.
Mr. DAWSON. We shall be in session in
ninety or one hundred and twenty days from th
present time. Why then should we hurry this
matter? I am decidedly m favor of doing any-
thing that is right, but I do not wish to act pre-
cipitately.
Mr. PRATT called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. WALKER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "Sharp's rifle," and insert-
ing " the best breech-loading rifle, in the opinion
of the-Secretary of War;" so as to make the
amendment read:
For the purchase of three thousand stand of the best
breech-loading rifle, in the opinion of Hie Secretary of War,
for ihe us<> of ihe United State* Arniv, $90,000 : Prutided,
that the Secretary o! War, after a fair practical test theieof,
shall deem the purchase advisable and proper.
As has been remaiked by the Senator from
Georgia, there are other breech-loading rifles now
in competition with Sharp's. I have had some
experience in the use of arms. When I first saw
Sharp's rifle 1 thought it was the best I had ever
seen; but 1 am satisfied, from fuither observation,
that it i s not the best 1 have seen. I have heard
the opinion of those who have used it; and while
it is a remarkable gun when used with care, for a
few times, it is not upon a plan of construction
that ever can last in long service. At least, sir,
that is my opinion. I have seen other arms which
I think are constructed on a better principle, and
more calculated to stand hard service, and long
service. But, sir, I would not propose an amend-
ment to this bill which should make it the impera-
tive duty of the Secretary of War to select that
paiticular arm, if, m his opinion, it stood the
test; but I am willing to take the amendment in
the shape I have proposed, in preference to the
other; but I am not certain that i shall vote for it
if so amended. It will then, at any rate, certainly
be in a better form.
Mr. TOCJCEY. The rifle which is mentioned
in the original amendment is, I think, the best
one of that description now extant. That is the
opinion of the most competent and experienced
men. That is the opinion of the War Depart- ;
ment, and of the Ordnance Bureau. It is the best i
breech-loading rifle, and is designed to be sup- !
plied for mounted men. If is on trial in the '
hands of infantry, to ascertain whether it is not !
also the best weapon for infantry. I am confi- ;
dent m saying that such is its range and its effi- ,
ciency, that it will more than double the power of i
the troops in whose hands it is placed. It has .
recently received a gold medal from the Emperor j
of France, who is a very competent judge. It ;
has been tried by a board of officers here, i think,
more than once, and their judgment* has been I
entirely in favor of the weapon Now, under j
those circumstances, tins appropriation is asked; '
but it is made to depend upon the judgment of i
the Secretary of War, and if there is another, !
that is better, this one will not be purchased. 1 j
therefore hope the amendment of the committee \
will be adopted. 1
Mr. WALKER. The arm to which I referred !
has been submitted to a board of officers for test;
and if I had it here, I think I could show that, in i
point of range and penetration, and in almost !
every other respect, it is superior to the Sharp '
rifle. That is the report which has gone into the
War Department, or the Ordnance Bureau, from 1
the board of officers who made trial of it; but I
understand the report has not been taken up for ,
examination, and, consequently, has not been |
submitted. I ask for the yeas and nays on the !
amendment to the amendment, to see whether dis-
cretion is to be left to the Secretary or not.
The yens and nays weie ordered; and, being ■
taken, resulted- -yeas 22, nays 12, as follows: ° ■
YEAS—Me^r-J. Bajard, Benjamin. Br<nlh«nd, ;
. OhfiM\ Clav, Diiw-O'i. Evan*, Fi-h. Foot, Glib-it!',
RiUle
Hunter, Pratt, Rockwell, Howard, iSIi.lfli, ?
nrr, Thonwm of New Jersey, Toonib^,' Wade.
Walker—£2
Miin-
. and
<or—^
>  A i S—Me>=js. F>iij/hf« Biown, Dodyp of Iowa, Fitz-
pan ick. Gey pi, (Iwin. Johnson. Mos ton, Sebastian, Htuai t
Toucoy, and UVilor -I-i. '
So the amendment to the amendment was
adopted- and the question recuired on theumend-
mens of the committee, as amended.
J si ad vol ? for the nmcid-
I am so enln e!y confident of
this I er.?e'> inno
be S'Jected by fho Secietaiv o*'
gainst the amendment to the
Mr. TOITCEY.
men1 as mended,
the snnerioiity "f
dc",!'t that it vi:I
War. I vjted a
■ amendment, because it was auih arizing the pur-
I chase of aims not known to the Senate; whereas,
j| as the amendment originally stood, it restricted
j1 the Secretary to this, and he would reject it if
j! there were a better one; but still f will vote forit.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
j the amendment, as amended, resulted—yeas 19,
j. nays 93; as follows:
. \ E\S—Messr-?. Adiui8, Brodhead, Brown, Dodge of
jl Iowa, DougUs., Fitzpninek, Gevcr, Gillette, Gwin, Hous-
!: Tf n. James, Johnson, Mallory, Morton, St ba^tian, Stuart,
I Thomson of New Jersey, Toucev, and Wcllor—19.
I Me^rs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bright, Butler,
Uiase, Clay, Cooper, Dawson, 33vdn?«, Feasenden, Fi&h,
h font, Hunter, Jones of Tennessee, Norris, Prut Rocfc-
j well, Seward, Slideli, Sumner,Toombs, Wade,and Walk-
, er— 23
i| So the amendment, as amended, was rejected.
{ Mr, ESSENDEN. I oiler the following
j] amendment, to come in after the appropriation
j; 41 for continuing the explorations and surveys to
ii ascertain the best route for a railway to the Pa-
| cific:"
'■'< And three experienced civil engineeis shall be appointed
.! by (he President commissioners, fo whn^e examination
! i the Srctetary of War shall submit all reports, maps, pro-
I' file*, and records of all exploration* and surveys conducted
j' under the direction of the War Department, "relating to a
railroad to the Pacific ; and n >hall be the duty of said com •
, mi^ioner? to leport, as soon as practicable, to the Seere-
i; taiy of War upon ihe comparative facilities afforded for a
j, railroad hv the different routes surveyed, the commercial
j' necessities therefor, and advantages thereof, its probable
,! prolit and com ; and to submit such views upon the mode
I! of construction, and upon ihe general subject, as are «s>u-
i' aliv presented by engineers m lelation tosuch subjects, and
j winch they maj deem necessary and proper. And the said
II commissioner* shall be paid such amounts for their services
|, and Decenary expenses for clerk hire, out of ihe foregoing
j' appropriation of $Lf>0,000, as the Secretary shall considera
reasonable and proper compensation for the same.
I The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright in
the chair.) Is that recommended by any one of
, the standing committees of the Senate?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; but it contains
:. no appropriation.
, Mr. PRATT. Does it not contain an appro-
! priation for the pay of theofiiceis?
i' Mr. FESSENDEN. if Senators will examine
the clause to which theamendment is moved, they
will find that it contains an appropriation, the ex-
penditure of which (his amendment directs in a
par'icular mode.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that such an amendment is not in order
to a general appropriation bill. If the Senate
, desire it, he will submit the question to their
decision. „
, Mr. WELLER. If such a tiling be proper, I
should like to have the reasons on which the
opinion of the Chair is founded.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
1 founds his opinion on the fact that theamend-
ment has not been recommended by any one of
! the standing committees t>f the body, and is not
in pursuance of an estimate from the head of any
Department. It is, therefore, excluded by the
rule. But the Chair will submit the question to
i the Senate whether the amendment is in order
, under the 30th rule.
Mr. WELLER. That, I suppose, is a debat-
able question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. WELLER. I should like to hear the rule
1 read I know that certain things have to be esti-
mated for by a Department, or presented by a
standing committee, but I have never yet heard
that the rules of the Senate prevent a Senator"
! from proposing to modifyor change the direction
of an appropriation already made by the bill
itself. If I understand it, this amendment simply
, provider the manner m which a sum appropriated
by the biil shall be used. It provides for a board
, ■ to make the appropriation more effective. I can-
not see any rule of construction or parliamentary
; practice -by which the amendment can be ex-
! eluded.
Mr. CHASE. The Chair will remember that,
' dunng the last session of Congress, upon a mo-
tion in respect to an appropriation for the Pacific
1 railroad exploration, the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Walker.] moved to strike out the whole
amendment, leaving only the appropriation, and
to direct the expenditure of that appropriation to
another object, introducing" a new and distinct
proposition cn'irely. That question was largely
deba'ed at the rime in the Senete, and it was ruled
that the amendment was in order, and the Chair,
■ m so ruling;, was sustained by the Senate.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
