tapmia
1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
621
people, in their political capacity, send their peti-
tions or memorials here, they know we are com-
petent to understand them, and to provide for
their interests. But, sir, I suppose we have taken
a step with a view of meeting the present condi-
tion of affairs. We have provided ourselves with
a law officer of this law—an expounder of the
the divine law; a" brother" of thesame class with
those who now remonstrate; an officer of this body,
who, from his age, his high standing, and many
indorsements here, must be supposed to be as
capable of expounding that law as any of these
remonstrants. I think the fact that he has been
selected by a body of such intelligence as the
Senate, shows that he ought to be superior to any
of them as an officer of that law which these men
say we have violated and outraged. I will there-
fore suggest, at any rate, and I believe I shall pro-
pose, that this remonstrance be referred to the
Rev. Henry Slicer, Chaplain of this Senate, for
examination and report. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I want to know whether the officer of
the Senate whom we have elected and appointed
to expound the divine law and the divine will to
us, will, not upon any oath of office, but upon
his responsibility as an officer of this body, after
calmly and deliberately weighing our actions here
with the whole tendency, bearing, and spirit of the
revealed will-of God, say to us that we have so
violated it. If he will, I believe 1 shall be ready
to retract my vote on the bill, and agree'to adopt
his report, and go to my colleagues in the other
House, and ask them for God's sake to send back
the bill here, in order that we may retract our
steps.
This, 1 repeat, is an ecclesiastical question. We
are threatened with the anathemas, the thunders
of the Almighty against us for violating his law.
As a secular body here, we are no judges of that
law; but we have provided ourselves with one who
is a judge of it; and to him I think tins whole mat-
ter ought to be referred. I think it will be no
disrespect to the memorialists or the petitioners if
we do so. They claim that they are gentlemen
of the cloth, preachers of the Gospel. Now, we
have elected one, and he is here, who is a gentle-
man of the cloth, and a minister of the Gospel of
long experience; and I should be exceedinglyglad
to have his official report on this question, as to
whether we are in danger, whether we have in-
voked the just and righteous judgments of God
upon us. Therefore, if it is in order, I will move
to refer the memorial to the Rev. Henry Slicer,
the Chaplain of the Senate. [Laughter.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. So far as 1 am concerned, I
am willing that the memorial shall be allowed to
lie upon the table. The reason why I called at-
tention to it at all was this: I have seen a deliber-
ate attempt to organize the clergy of this country
into a great political sectional party for Abolition
schemes. That project was put forth clearly in
the Abolition manifesto which i had to expose in
my opening speech upon the Nebraska bill. This
is a response to that Abolition manifesto. It is an
attempt to give in the adhesion of the religious
societies of this country through the clergy to the
Abolition and political schemes of that organiza-
tion. [f these preachers choose to go into that
political organization it is not for me to object,
provided they confine their operations to the coun-
try,and do not send their insults here. I haveno
idea that these men would ever have dreamt of
brining forward such an objectionable document
as this, but in response to that call which emanated
from the Senate. It was by Senators in their of-
ficial capacity as Senators, and these remonstrances
have been sent back in response to the call.
Now, sir, what is this remonstrance ? These
men do not protest as citizens. They do not pro-
test in the name either of themselves or of their
fellow-citizens. They do not even protest in their
own names as clergymen against this act, but
they say that * we protest tv the .vame of Al-
mighty God;' and m order to make it more em-
phatic that they claim to speak by authority in
their remonstrance, they underscore in broad black
hnes the words « ik the name of Almighty
God/ It is true they describe themselves as
niinisters of the Gospel, but they claim to speak
*n the name of the A Imighty upon a political ques-
tion pending in the Congress of the United States.
is an attempt to establish in this country the
doctrine that a body of men organized and known
among the people as clergymen have a peculiar
right to determine the will of God in relation to
legislative action, it is an attempt to establish a
theocracy to take charge of our politics and our
legislation. It is an attempt to make the legislative
power of this country subordinate to the church.
It is not only to unite church and State, but it is
to put the State in subordination to the dictatesof
the church. Sir, you cannot find in the most des-
potic countries, in the darkest ages, a bolder at-
tempt on the part of the ministers of the Gospel
to usurp the power of Government, and to say
to the people: You must not think for your-
selves; you must not dare to act for yourselves;
you must in all matters pertaining to the affairs of
this life, as well as the next, receive instructions
from us; and that, too, in the performance of your
civil and official, as well as your religious duties-"
Sir, I called attention to this matter for the pur-
pose of showing that it involved a great principle
subversive of our free institutions. If we recog-
nize three thousand clergymen as having a higher
right to interpret the will of God than we have,
we destroy the right of self-action, of self-govern-
ment, of self-thought, and we are merely to refer
each of our political questions to this body of
clergymen to inquire of them whether it is in con-
formity with the law of God and the will of the
Almighty or not. This document, I repeat, pur-
ports to speak in the name of Almighty God, and
then enters a protest in that name. We are put
under the ban, we are excommunicated, the gates
of Heaven are closed unless we obey this behest
and stop in our course and carry out these Aboli-
tion views.
The Senator from Texas says the people have
a right to petition. I do not question it. I do not
wish to deprive ministers of the Gospel of that
right. I do not acknowledge that there is any
member of this body who has a higher respect and
veneration either for a minister of the Gospel or
for his holy calling than I have: but my respect is
for him in his calling. I will not controvert what
the Senator from Massachusetts has said as to
there being, perhaps, no body of men in this coun-
try , three thousand in number, who combine more
respectability than these clergymen. Probably
they combine all the respectability which he claims
for them; but I will add, that I doubt whether
| there is a body of men in America who combine
! so much profound ignorance on the question upon
I which they attempt to enlighten the Senate as this
| same body of preachers. How many of them,
! do you suppose, sir, have ever taken up and read
i the act of 1820 to which I allude? Do you think
i there is one of them who has done so ? How many
i of them ever read the votes by which the North
I repudiated that act of 1820? Do you think one of
| them ever did? How many of them ever read the
1 various votes which I quoted on that act and the
| Arkansas act ? Do you think one of them knew
anything about them ? How many of them have
, ever traced the course of the compromise meas-
1 ures of 1850 on the record? One of them? Yet
t they assume, in the name of the Almighty, to
; judge of facts, and laws, and votes, of which they
; know nothing, and which they have no time to
; understand, if they perform their duties as clergy-
j men to their respective fiocks.
| They do not pretend to judge from the knowl-
i edge of this world, from the records of the Senate,
! or from thestatute-book, or fromany ofthesources
■ of information on which Senators and citizens
i predicate their action; but by the will and the law
' of God, and in His name, and in consequence of
: their divine mission, they overrule all these and
; prescribe a new test, and, in that name, they tell
| us that by the passage of the bill which we have
! passed, we have committed amoral wrong. They
! tell us that it is subversive of all confidence in na-
1 tiona! engagements,
! Now, let me ask, are these men particularly te-
; nacious of national engagements? Did they in
: their pulpits, in 1850 and 1851, tell their follow-
1 ers that they were bound by their oaths, and by
their religions duty, to surrender fugitive slaves in
; obedience to the Constitution? Did they then tell
their people that they must peiform national en-
; gagements ? Did they then tell their flocks that
t he Senate was right m carrying out the pro\ isions
; of the Constitution? Have they been particularly
) in the habit of enjoining in the pulpit and from
i the sacred desk, as a matter of conscience, that
| the people should perform the national engage-
i ments contained in the Constitution of our coun-
try, and which we are all sworn to support? Sir,*
I do not remember that any one of these three
thousand preachers, at the time when in Boston
and other points of this country there were at-
tempts to resist the fugitive slave law by force,
came forward and said it was a divine duty to
perform national engagements. - If they did, I
have not seen the evidence of it. If they felt it
was a matter of conscience and .of duty on the
part of the clergy to supervise tne fulfillment of
national engagements, to preserve thepublicfaith,
and the public honor, where were they then,
when your Constitution was trampled upon, when
oaths of office could not bind men to perform their
constitutional duty, when public honor was being
outraged? Where then, were these three thou-
sand clergymen? We did not hear from them on
that occasion. There was a national engagement
which no man can deny; yet they did not raise
their voices against its violation. But, in this
case, merely because some Abolitionists from this
body have said that an act of Congress constituted
a national engagement, although the statement is
contradicted by the record, they come forward at
the bidding of an Abolition ]unta> to arraign the
Senate of the United States in the name of the Al-
mighty !
Sir, I deny their authority. I deny that they
have any such commission from the Almighty to
decide this questisn. I deny that our Constitu-
tion confers any such right upon them. I deny
| that the Bible confers any such right upon them.
\ They can perform their duties within their sphere
! without my censure or my interference, and they
! are responsible to the Almighty for the manner in
j which they perform tliose duties; and I must be
i left to perform my duties within the sphere of my
functions, with no other responsibility than to my
constituents and to the Almighty, without the in-
terference of those men. I do not acknowledge
them as an intermediate tribunal. I do not ac-
knowledge that they are, as the gentleman from
Texas has called them, the vicegerents of the Al-
mighty, and that they are to perform the duty of
overlooking our conduct. 1 repudiate the whole
doctrine as at war with the pure principles of Chris-
tianity, at war with the spirit of our institutions,
at war with our Constitution, at war with every
principle upon which a free Government can rest.
Then, sir, assuming this character, they come
forward and tell us that the action of the Senate
exposes us to the " righteous judgments of the Al-
mighty." Their leaders here try to avoid the
force of the objection that this is offensive, upon
the ground that the Senate had not voted upon the
question at the time when the memorial was
signed. However the fact may be as* to the
time of signing the protest, it cannot be denied
that they sent it here for presentation by their own
agent more than one week after the vote of the
| Senate had been published to the world. This ex-
! cuse does not avail them, nor exculpate their con-
| duct. It only furnishes evidence that their apolo-
1 gists here have become ashamed of their conduct.
; 1 wish it distinctly understood that I attach no
blame to the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
; Everett,] who presented this document, for his
I uniform conduct has proven him incapableof per-
' forming an improper act here knowingly. His
, explanation has set him right. But the fact still
! remains that this offensive protest has been sent
; here and presented to the Senate as an impeach-
! ment of our conduct in passing a bill which re-
| ceived the sanction of this body by a vote of 37
; yeas to 14 nays.
| Rut, passing that by, if it is not offensive to the
! Senate, because the Senatehad not voted on thebill
! at the time, it was offensive to the Committee on
; Territories, who had reported it, and it is as much
j a violation of the rules of the Senate, of courtesy,
and of decency, to bring in a document which is
, offensive to one of your committees, as to bring in
one which is offensive to the body itself. Tnen
i that excuse will not avail.
Individually, I care nothing about this-matter.
1 To me it is a Very small affair, compared with the
i sort of treatment'which I am receiving every day.
I submit to it with great composure. 1 wait for the
! coming of the day when the people will understand
; the real principle involved in the Nebraska bill.
I Sir, I hope to see the day arrive—surely it will
; arrive—when you will not be able to find a man
j in the United States who will acknowledge that
1 he was ever opposed to that great principle of self-
