1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1881
some care that we do not pay twice for printing a
document when we do not intend to pay for it but
once.
Mr. GWIN. What is the resolution? Is it
proposed that the printer of the Senate shall print
these extra numbers'
Mr. BADGER The motion is to reconsider.
Mr. GWfN. For that purpose?
Mr. BRODHEAD. To make this resolution
read the same as the resolution of the House, only
striking out the words " printer of the House,"
and inserting " printer of the Senate."
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, on the 31st of
March last the Senate ordered this document,
about which so much has been said, to be printed,
and after that order was issued it was transmitted,
according to law, to the Superintendent of Print-
ing, and handed by him to the printer of the
House, and he has printed the document, so that
it is entirely out of the control of the Senate.
We have no further control over it. This is a
motion to print an extra number of that document,
which has already been printed by the printer of
the House. That document has passed from the
hands of the Senate. It is in the hands of the
printer who is declared by the law to be entitled
to it, and he is the printer of the House.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My friend from California,
I think, is mistaken in regard to a matter of fact.
The mechanical branch of the Patent Office report
came here a long time ago, but the agricultural
part did not come till recently, and therefore I
take it for granted it cannot be printed already.
Mr. GWIN. I am not mistaken. The order
to print this very document was made by the
Senate on the 31st of March, and it is printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Not for the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir,for the Senate.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I will read the resolution
of the House: "That there be printed by the
printer of the House, onehundred thousand extra
numbers of the agricultural report of the Com-
missioner of Patents," &c.
Mr. GWIN. That is an order for " extra
numbers." I spoke of the printing of the docu-
ment—the original document. We ordered that
to be printed on the 31st of March.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Why, then, is this now
proposed ?
Mr. GWIN. It is now proposed to provide
for the printing of extra numbers of that docu-
ment; but it has already been ordered to be printed,
and is in the hands of the printer of the House.
If we order this printing to be doneby any printer
but he who has the original document to print,
we shall have to pay both for it. The original
document is out of our possession. It was, ac-
cording to law, transmitted to the Superintendent,
and by him delivered to the printer of the House,
as he had a right to deliver it. The question is
now whether we shall print an extra number of
that document. That is the precise question. The
document is printed. The original was handed
to the printer of the House, set up, and printed,
and now we are asked to print an extra number
of that document. If we order any other printer
to do it but the one who did the original printing,
we do it outside of the law, because our power is
exhausted. The document has gone to the hands
of the printer. We have no control over it, and
cannot hare any control over it. If we order any
one else to do it, we pay him out of the contingent
fund, as the Senator from Michigan says, because
the document has passed from our eontrol. We
may adopt as many resolutions as we please, but
we cannot get hold of it, nor can the Secretary.
If you were to ask him for it, he would tell you
that it had gone long ago to the Superintendent of
Printing, and been handed over by him to the
printer entitled to it by law.
Mr. CASS. I wish to ask the Senator from
California a question. He says that if we order
this printing to be done by any one but the public
printer, we must pay for it out of our own funds.
I want to know how we can order it to be printed
by anybody else ? The printing must be done by
the public printer. If we order it to be done by
any one else we cannot pay for it.
Mr. GWIN. There are two printers, one for
the Senate and one for the House. I saythatifwe
order this printing to be done by any one but the
printer to whom the document has already been
transmitted by the Superintendent—the printer of
the House—we have to pay for it out of the con-
tingent fund.
Mr. TOUCEY. I have myself given no atten-
tion to this question until the present moment; but
I find by the seventh section of the act of 1852,
it is directed, that when "any document shall be
ordered to be printed by both Houses of Congress,
the entire printing of such document shall be done
by the printer of that House which first ordered
the same." Now, this document has been ordered
to be printed by both Houses of Congress, as I
understand. If so, the law is clear and unequivo-
cal that "the entire printing of such document
shall be done by the printer of that House which
first ordered the same." Until this law be re-
pealed, I deny that either branch of Congress can
make an order for printing which is contrary to
its terms. I do not understand that either branch
of Congress can repeal a law, or make an order in
opposition to a law while that law remains in
force. It seems to me there is no room for any
doubt on this question. Here is a document.
Whether it is part of one report, or part of an-
other, it is a document. It has been ordered to
be printed by both Houses of Congress, and the
law declares in the most unequivocal terms, by
whom the printing shall be done. The law makes
the order as long as it stands upon the statute-
book unrepealed; and for one 1 hold the supremacy
of the law over a resolution of either branch of
Congress.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
upon the motion to reconsider, resulted—yeas 21,
nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Brodhead, Brown,
Dawson, Fish, Foot, Gillette, Hunter, James, Jones of
Tennessee, Mallory,Mason,Pratt, Rusk, Seward, Sumner,
Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Wade, and VVeller—
21.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Benjamin, Uass, Clay,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Evans, Fitzpatriek, (Jwin, IJarnlm,
Norris, I'ettit, Slidell, Stuart, Toucey, and Walker—16.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question recurred on agreeing to the resolu-
tion, as follows:
Ordered, That there be printed, for the use of the Senate,
thirty-seven thousand five hundred additional copies 01'
the agricultural portion of the Patent Office report, with the
plates accompanying the same; five thousand ot which shall
be for the use of tile Patent Office.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I now move to amend the
resolution by inserting, after the word "printed,"
the words, " by the pnnter.of the Senate."
Mr. GWIN. Was there not a law passed at
the last Congress, that one House should have no
right to order the printing of a book to be paid for
out of the contingent fund ?
Mr. BADGER. Except public documents.
Mr. GWIN. Can we order a public document
to be paid for out of the contingent fund?
Mr. BADGER. The provision of the act to
which the Senator refers, is that neither House
shall distribute to the member of that House any
books, except public documents, unless an appro-
priation be first made.
Mr. GWIN. This is a document ordered with-
out authority of law, if we order it to be printed
by the printer of the Senate; and it is to be paid
for out of the contingent fund. It is clearly out
of the power of the Senate to order it to be done
outside the printing act. I" move to lay the reso-
lution on the table, and I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will withdraw that motion.
Mr. GWIN. 1 will withdraw it to accommo-
date the Senator; but I really wish to stop debate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I asked the Senator to with-
draw the motion simply for this reason: I appre-
hend that this vote will of itself be a nullity, and
be treated as such by the Superintendent of Public
Printing. I have no doubt he will so treat it; and
I have 110 doubt that if we do not pass the vote to
print the extra number, we shall not have it. If
we pass this resolution—which I will not vote for
—ordering this additional number to be printed
by the printer of the Senate, I apprehend the
1 Superintendent of Public Printing will go on and
execute the order just so far as it is lawful; and
where it is unlawful I apprehend he will not vio-
late his oath of office. We have ordered this doc-
■ ument to be printed. It has been sent to the Su-
• perintendent of Printing, and he has sent it to the
printer of the House, and it has been printed.
Now, under the law, if we pass an order for print-
ing the extra numbers, the printer of the House
will get it. I have no doubt the Superintendent
will carry out the law; therefore I have no objec-
tion to the resolution being passed, but I shall not
vote for it.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the Senator will allow the
Superintendent to construe his own duty; and I
hope officers of the Government will not be in-
vited to disregard what action may be taken by the
Senate, or the two Houses of Congress.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will say, then, that I under-
stand the Superintendent.to say such is his view
of the law, and such will be his action.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Then I understand the
Superintendent to deliver his judgment in advance,
and have it announced here on the floor of the
Senate to influence our votes.
Mr. HAMLIN. Not at all.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 renew the motion which
was made by the Senator from California, to lay
the resolution and amendment on the table; and
on that motion I call for the yeas and nays..
The yeas and nays were ordered;*and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Clay, Fitzpatrick, Givin, Nor-
ris, t'ratl, Shdell, Toomhs, and Walker—9.
NAYS—Messis. Allen, Atchioon, Badger, Brodhead,
Brown, Cass, Dawson, Evans, Pish, foot, Gillette, Ham-
lin, Hunter, James, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Mason,
Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Stuart, Sumner, Thompson of
Kentucky, Toucey, Wade, and Wcllcr—36.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will consent to alter the clause giving five
thousand for the use of the Patent Office, by re-
ducing the number to two thousand five hundred.
The House has already provided for giving ten
thousand to the Patent Office. I do not see that
they need fifteen thousand.
Mr. HAMLIN. They ask for twenty-five
thousand.
Mr. PRATT. They might ask for one hun-
dred thousand, but we should not be bound to give
it to them.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Then I will move to strike
out five thousand, and insert two thousand five
hundred, if that be agreeable to the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. Let us have one amendment at a
time. I ask for the. yeas and nays on inserting
the words proposed to be inserted by the amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TOUCEY. i havegiven no attention to the
controversy that has arisen, as to which printer is
entitled to print this document. I have not investi-
gated the subject, nor formed any opinion upon it.
The vote 1 have given, and the vote I shall give,
is upon the ground merely that the law which we
passed in 1852, directs, unequivocally, by whom
every public document, ordered to be printed by
both Houses of Congress, shall be printed. This
document is ordered to be printed by both Houses
of Congress, and the law applies directly to the
question who shall print it. 1 deny that either
House has the power to direct it to be printed by
any one else. When, therefore, without repeal-
ing that law, you undertake here to authorize any-
thing to be done which is in conflict with it, I
think the order is without authority, and is void.
If I am right in my premises, I think my conclu-
sion is inevitable; and I have not understood any
Senator to state different premises from what I
have. For this reason, I shall vote against the
amendment. If the amendment directs"the print-
ing to be done by the officer who is entitled to do
the printing, it is superfluous. If it directs it to
be done by a printer who is not entitled to print it,
then It is in conflict with this law. Now I con-
fess, for one, that I deem it of the highest import-
ance, not only in Congress, but in the country,
that the laws should be obeyed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment, resulted—yeas 23, nays 11; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Atellison, Badcer, Brodhead,
i Brown, Dawson, Evanb, Fish, Foot, Gillette, Hunter,
Jones of Tennessee, Mailory, Ma^on, Pratt, Ru>-k. Sebas-
tian, Seward, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs,
Wade, and Weller—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Cass, Clay, Fitzpatrick, Gwin,
Ilamlm, Norris, Slide!!, Stuart, Toucey, and Walker—12.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If it be the general sense
of the Senate that five thousand is too jarge a num-
ber to be given to the Patent Office for distribution
