1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2191
and amounting to $11,548, and for compensation of the
members of the«aid hoard for and during their period of.-er-
vice as such, at a rate not exceeding $'3,000 per annum fot
each, deducting therefrom their Army pay, the sum of
$159,500 bp, and the same ts hereby, appropriated, out of
any money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
And that the Secretary of the. Treasury is hereby author-
ized and directed to pay to the treasurer of said board, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
the sum of $9,000 for contingent expanses of paid board,
including therein odice rent, clerk hire, stationery, fuel,
the payment of witness fees, duly summoned by Hie board
at a rate not exceedingthose paid by the United States dis
triet courts in California, or/elsewhere, as the case may
be, the traveling expenses/of said board, not exceeding
sixteen cents per mile to i/ach member, and other inci-
dental expenses.
Mr. President, in 1852 we passed a:law requir-
ing the President of the United Stated to appoint
a board of commissioners to investigate these
claims. The President appointed Colonel Smith,
Colonel Thomas, and Major Lee, and they were
required to sit in this city. They have done that,
and have reported to Congress that they have
allowed $129,885 of these claims; and' rejected
or suspended $411,998. There are then about
$300,000 more of claims which they have not pre-
tended to make any report upon, from the fact
that the testimony was not satisfactory. The
whole amount of claims presented to them was
§865,803, as claims against the Government aris-
ing out of the defense of California by Colonel
Fremont and his men during the Mexican war.
Now the question is, what are we to do with
these commissioners? They cannot discharge
their fuil duties here, unless the5 Government risks
a great deal by sending to California for witnesses
to come here, and thereby increasing the expense
For the purpose of continuing the board, this
amendment has been presented, authorizing them
to go to the State of California and hear the testi-
mony in relation to the claims. If we do notnow
do something of this sort, the board will be dis-
solved, and at the next session of Congress we
shall have to proceed in some course or other.
These gentlemen, as far as they have gone, have
discharged their duty most ably, and have re-
jected a large amount of claims. 1 trust that while
we have these claims now under investigation, we
shall adopt this amendment, and let them go to
the State of California, and report to the next
Congress what should be done in relation to them.
The passage of the $129,000 appropriation makes
it necessary for us to go on m this matter, and I
do not know that we can adopt any better plan
than to intrust the rights of the Government in the
hands of these gentlemen. If the amendment be
adopted, they will go to California, hear the testi-
mony, come back at the next Congress, and re-
port to us what they have done,and then we may
bring the whole thing to a close. If the board be
now allowed to be dissolved, the claims will be
brought before us at the next session of Congress,
and we shall have to adopt a similar mode; for the
Committee on Military Affairs cannot investigate
them, unless they send to California to bring wit-
nesses here, which would increase the chances
against the Government several hundred thousand
dollars, m our opinion. 1 hope the amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. STUART. I wish to ask the Senator
■whether this amendment is reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs ?
Mr. DAWSON. Yes, unanimously reported
from them. The committee could see nothing
better to be done than this, and they thought this
board of officers, composed of intelligent and hon-
est men,could investigate the subject much better
than a committee, and that money would be saved
to the Government by this course.
Mr. STUART. I only wish to say, in a very
few words, why I cannot consent to vote for this
amendment. The Senator states that this board
has completed its duty, and made this report.
He gives you a statement of what the board has
allowed, and what it has rejected, and what thet e
was insufficient evidence in relation to. The of-
fice for which the board was instituted has been
accomplished. Now, what is proposed ? Why,
sir, it is that the Government of the United States
shall take upon itself all the extra expenses neces-
sary to enable individual claimants m California I!
to make their proof. U it done anywhere else? |
Ail over this Union, individuals having claims j.
against the Government of the United States are
obliged to come here, year after year, urging I,
them—many have been here for fifty years—at ||
their own expense, endeavoring to get their claims
acted upon by Congress. Now, it is proposed
here to renew this commission, to pay the im-
mense expenses that must attend a commission in
California—for nobody can live there without very
great expense—to pay for witnesses, and to send
this commission to the very doors of the individ-
ual claimants. I submit tnat it is not done else-
where in this Union.
Mr. DAWSON. I will tell the Senator why it
is proposed to be done. There were presented to
the board claims to the amount of $865,000, of
which there were suspended or rejected $411,998,
withdrawn $147,800, rejected $152,933, and al-
lowed $129,000. The suspended claims are now
before us, and they were suspended because the
testimony was not satisfactory to the commission-
ers; but they had no authority to send to Califor-
nia to get testimony it will be a great saving
of expense to fend the commissioners there and
obtain testimony, rather than to keep the com-
mission here, and to send for witnesses there.
The board have only allowed $129,000 of claims,
and suspended the remainder, with the exception
$153,000, which they absolutely rejected. Claims
to the amount of over $411,000 are still undecided
and at the next session of Congress they will come
before us. How are we to get rid of them ? The
Senators from California will tell you that if the
commissioners go there and have witnesses brought
before them, there can be no doubt the fact will be
established that many of these claims are spurious,
and the witnesses who testify to them can be dis-
proved there, but not here. I merely submit this
statement of facts to the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. The testimony which it is
proposed to obtain in California is more important
to the Government than it is to individuals. It
is to protect the Treasury against frauds; for, as
I said before, there is no place short of California
where these frauds can be established. If I looked
alone to the interests of claimants in California, i
should desire this commission never to go there;
for I know that officers who were under the com-
mand of Colonel Fremont have told me of indi-
vidual cases where they knew claims were pre-
sented to three times the amount to which the
parties were entitled; and theie have been claims
presented before this board for the same property,
m the name of the different persons. These facts
can only be established in California. The papers,
prima facie, on their face, are all right; and if a
man were to judge from the papers alone, he
would be disposed to allow the amount. There-
fore, if this commission be allowed to go to Cali-
fornia, in my judgment they will be'enabled to
detect many fraudulent claims which would other-
wise be passed.
Now, if you allow parties in California to take
their proofs, and come here, as the Senator from
Michigan says other claimants come, I am afraid
they will be allowed claims for a much larger
amount than they are justly entitled to; for I be-
lieve, in some cases, there have been perjuries
committed. I wish to protect the Treasury.
The board, as it was originally organized for
the purpose of passing on these claims, have not
discharged their full duty. They have suspended
upwards of $400,000 of claims, because they were
not satisfied upon the proof. Now they desire to
obtain additional testimony, not for the purpose
of showing that the claims are right, but they have
suspicions that there is some fraud about them,
and they desire to obtain proof of that fact. By
looking at the report of that board, you will find
that, in fixing the value of property in California,
they have put it down to the lowest point at which
it could be put. For instance, they allow thirty
or thirty-five dollars for horses. That is a very
low price; but claims were presented to the board
for horses at $100 ahead, and I suppose they are
now worth $200 or $300 ahead; but they assessed
the value at the time the property was leceived by
Colonel Fremont.
I believe the argument which the Senator from
Michigan has presented to-night is the same one
that was presented here at the time of the original
organization of the board. Colonel Fremont
estimated these claims to amount to between
$700,000 and $800,000. It seems that he was very
accurate in that, for the claims presented amount
to about $800,000—in the neighborhood of his
estimate. The only question is,whetherthe board
shall be continued in existence. I stake my rep-
utation now upon it, that it is the cheapest way of
settling these claims.
Mr. ADAMS. I have voted for a sufficient num-
ber of amendments to this bill with the name of
Colonel Fremont upon them. If this question
shall come up at the next session, I do not know
how I may vote; but I will not vote to put Colonel
Fremont's name on this bill any more.
The amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a^third time; and the bill
was read a third time, an'd passed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
A message was received from the President of
of the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Sec-
retary, transmitting a report from the Secretary
of State, with the accompanying documents, in
answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 5th
ultimo, relative to the seizure of the bark Griffin
by the Brazilian authorities; which was read,and
ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
1st March, 1854, calling for information in rela-
tion to the application of surface or fresh water
condensers to steam vessels belonging to the Uni-
ted States; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HUNTER, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill making appropriations for the civil and
|j diplomatic expenses of Government for the year
;i ending the 30th June, 1855, reported that they
had met, and, after full and free conference, had
agreed to recommend to their respective Houses
as follows:
That th'1 Senate do concur in the amendments of the
House ol Representatives to the forty-fomth, fiity-&eventh,
seventy-fifth, eighty-third, one hundred and tilth, one hun-
dred and twenty-seventh, one hundred arid MXty-eighth,
and one hundred and seventy-fifth amendments of the
Senate.
That the Sfenate do concur in the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the one hundred and twenty-
second amendment of the Senate vvjth amendments, as fol-
lows : strikeout the words "created a consul with," in
lines one and two of Senate amendment, and in lieu thereof
insert the word " allowed and after the word" annum."
m line three of said Senate amendment, insert the words
" and the."
That the Senate do concur in the amendment of the
House ot Representatives to the one hundred and forty-
third amendment of the Senate, with an amendment, as w
follows : Add at the end oi the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the said Senate amendment, the words
" For repair and renewal of the gas pipes through the Ca\>-
itol,
That the Senate do concur in the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the one hundred and sixty-
second amendment of the Senate, with amendment*, as
follows: After the words "in the," in line twenty-four ot
I the amendment of the House of Representftfive*-- to said
| Senate amendment, insert the words "First Auditor's otBco,
| in addition to the present number, two clerks of class one ;
l in the j" and after the word " four," in line thirty of said
| amendment, insert: "And thai the Secretary of State he
1 allowed, 111 addition to his present number of clerks, two
| at dti annual salary of §1,200 tMch ; one at an annual s<U-
i ary of .$1,400 ; and one at an annual salary of$l,600."
! Thai'the Senate do recede from its eleventh, thirteenth,
j fouiteenth, fifteenth, seventeenth, eighteenth, twenty rh>t^
' twenty second, twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, twenty-M.uls,
I twenty-ninth, thirtieth, thirty-nrst, thirty second, thirty-
[ seventh, tlnrty-mnth. forty-fifth, forty-sixth, forty-seventh,
! forty-eighth, "torty-ninth, fiftieth, fifty-first, titty-second,
} fittv third, fifty-fifth, fifty-ninth, sixtieth, sixty first, ?d.\ty-
; second, sixty-third, sixty-fourth, sixty-sixth, sixty-eighth,
1 sixty-ninth, seventieth, seventy-first,eightieth, eighty-first,
I eighty-fourth, eightv-fifth, eighty-sixth, eighty-seventh,
i eighty ninth, ninetieth, ninety-ninth, one hundred and third,
i one hundred and sixth, one hundred and tenth, one hundred
[| and seventeenth, one hundred and eighteenth, one hundred
and nineteenth, one hundred and tweuty-fir.-t,one hundred
■ J and twentv-third, one hundred and twenty eighth, one htm-
ji dred and fortieth, one hundred and foity-eighth, onehundieci
1 and fifty-third, one hundred-md fifty-fourth, one hundred
j and sixty-third, one hundred and sixty-sixth, one hundred
t and sixty-ninth, one hundred and seventieth, one hundred
' andseventy-first,onehundredandsevemy second, one hun-
dred and seventy-third,one hundred and •seventy-fourth, uue
hundred and >eventy si\th, one hundred and seventy-eighth,
one hundred and seventy-ninth, one hundred and eightieth,
one bundled and eighty-first, one hundied and 'eighty-
second, one hundred and eighty-fourth, oiip hundred ami
eighty-fifth, one hundred and eighty sixth, and one hundred
ami eighty-seventh amendments.
That the Senate do roccde from its twenty-third amend-
ment, and concur in the original item, with an amendment,,
as follows: Strike out the woids, tk thirty six thou-Mmi
nine/' in line twenty-four, page seven, of the t !t, and in.
hea thereof, insert " forty-one thousand seven.."
That the House of Representatives do recede from ite
disagreement to the foity-second, one hundred and second
one hundred and fifteenth, one hundred and fifty^fUth, one
