624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14.
can be furnished to our steam and commercial ma-
rine. There is, therefoie, a necessity for having
access to the city fur the largest class of vessels.
The channel of the river is now so obstructed as
to render it impossible for such vessels to enter.
Those obstructions might be very readily re-
moved. The subject, I repeat, is one of great
impor'ance, and commends itself to the attention
of the Committee on Commerce, to which, I sup-
pose, the resolutions should be referred. I move
their reference to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. In connection with the same
subject, [ beg leave to present the memorial of the
Board of Trade of Baltimore, asking an appro-
priation of a similar amount of money for the im-
provement of the Patapsco river and Chesapeake
Bay.
This memorial, Mr. President, presents some
facts which I would like to bring to the special
attention of the Senate. In the first place, there is
one point which has been suggested by my col-
league, that at this time the city of Baltimore is the
only port in the Union at which a plentiful and
cheap supply of bituminous coal can be furnished to
our marine. The memorial also states the fact that
between the capes of the Chesapeake and Pensa-
cola there is now no southern port in which, in
the event of a war, one of our larger class naval
vessels could enter for any purpose. It also re-
fers to the probability of a war in Europe, and
the possibility, at least, of our being drawn into
that war—a possibility which, I think, is increased
by developments since the memorial was signed
and sent to me.
It appears to me, Mr. President, that the sub-
ject is one of deep interest m every aspect. That
there should be ports, southern ports, in which
our vessels of-war could enter for purposes of re-
pair and supplies, and safety, is manifestly neces-
sary to the interest and welfare of the country, I
had hoped that my colleague would have made a
motion (instead of refemng the resolutions which
he presented to the Committee on Commerce) to
refer them to a select committee. I believe that
the Committee on Commerce are already charged
with various applications for appropriations for
the improvement of harbors from every section
of the country; and that their purpose is to em-
body in a general bill all the measures that they
may think worthy of the consideration of the
Senate. Now, however, in the present aspect of
affairs, this is an object of interest beyond any
which has yet been presented to theconsideration
of the Senate upon this subject; and 1 think that
it should not be connected with the others, but
that we should have the opportunity of having a
report from a committee, and a special bill making
the appi opriation. I will, with the concurrence of
my colleague-, move that the memorial be referred
to a select committee.
One other fact maybe refeired to, which is a
matter in which the whole southwestern part of
our country is deeply inteiested. I find upon my
tahie tins morning a memorial asking for some
millions of acres of land to aid in the construction
of the Marietta and Cincinnati railroad, which
is to connect with the Baltimore and Ohio lail-
mud at Wheeling. From your own great city,
sir, we have appropriated millions of acres of land
for the purpose of making a similar connection;
and it h apparent, that unless this harbor of Bal-
timore is made accessible to the larger class of ves-
sels, all these various appropriations will be com-
paratively of no use. 1 hope that the Senate will,
if my colleague will consent, allow this memorial
to be referred to a select committee, nnd have a
bill repoited, so that the sense of the Senate may
be had upon this isolated question, whether this
southern harbor shall be so improved as to admit
vessels of the largest class.
Mr. PEARCE. The resolutions which I pre-
sented have been referred to the Committee on
Commerce; but f certainly concur with my col-
league in his request to lefer his memorial to a
select committee.
Mr. PRATT. That is what I ask.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator moves that
the memorial be referred to a select committee of
five.
Mr. WALKER. The Committee on Com-
merce, as 1 understand, has the subject now under
consideration. That being the case, T should pre-
fer that the same committee should have this me-
morial sent to them. I have no doubt that they
can see the necessity for this matter, and give it
as careful an attention and consideration as a select
committee. I hope, therefore, that the memorial
will go to that committee.
Mr. ADAMS. I dislike to object to the wishes
of the Senators; but unless some good reason can
be shown why the Committee on Commerce, to
whom this subject properly belongs, as is admit-
ted, is prejudiced some way, or incompetent to
consider this matter; unless some good reason can
be given, over and above the fact that that com-
mittee have the whole subject of internal improve-
ment under their consideration—which is an ar-
gument in favor of the reference of this memorial
to them—I concur with the Senator from Wiscon-
sin that a special committee ought not to be raised.
Mr. PRATT. I thought I had stated several
reasons why this memorial should go to a select
committee. I cannot see for my hfewhv it should
go to the Committee on Commerce. The reason
why I advocate the appropriation of money for
this object by the Federal Government, is, that it
is essential to our Navy that we should have ac-
cess to the city of Baltimore, as the only port at i
which vou can get the necessary supply of bitu-
minous coal for the steam marine. That is the
ground on which I put it. If it is to go to any of
the standing committees of the Senate, it should go
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and not to the '
Committee on Commerce.
I stated, further, that this was a question, cer-
tainly, in the presentaspectofourforeign relations,
of deep importance to the country; that there
should be some improvement made in this as well
as some other southern harbors, so as to enable
our vessels of war to have acccss to them in the
event of a conflict with an enemy. I hope that
my honorable friend from Mississippi will concur
with me that this should go to a select committee.
Let a bill be repoited, and then let the argument
be offered on the policy of making an appropria-
tion. Then we can decide as we think proper on
that question.
The motion to refer to a select committee was
agreed to.
On the motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the committee be appointed by the Pre.si- j
dent. |
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a memorial |
of citizens of Clinton county, Iowa, praying that |
a donation of land be made to aid in the construc- j
tion of a ship canal around the Falls of Niagara; ;
which was referred to the Committee on Public j
Lands. j
Also, a petition of citizens of Cedar Rapids, ,
Iowa, praying that a grant of land may be made I
j to aid in the construction of the Iowa Central Air- i
| Line Railroad-, which was referred to the Commit-
I tee on PuMic Lands.
Mr. MASON presented additional evidence in
relation to the claim of Viiginia for money ad-
vanced the General Government for the erection of
public buildings; which, with the papers already
on file in relation to the subject, was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. FITZPATRICK, it, was
OitUrcJ, ThatJnhn C. Whitsetthave leave to withdraw
h\> petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Oulercd, That the menaces of the Pu^ident, and the re-
port of the Secretary of the Interior ye!-teid.\v communi-
cated to the Senate, be printed.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, fiom the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Anne W. Angus, widow of Samuel Angus, late
captain in the United States Army, praying a con-
tinuance of pension, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for her relief; which was read,
and passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Andrew J. Dioker-
hoff, a sold ler during the war with Mexico, pray-
ing a pension on account of disease contracted in
the service, submitted a repoit, accompanied by a
bill for his relief; which was read, and passed to a
second readirg. The report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. Anne Royal,
praying a pension, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that the petition lie
on the table; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the memorial of Mary Baurv, widow
of Louis Raury, an officer in the revolutionary war,
and the memorial of John Boykm, piaying pen-
sions, submitted adverse reports thereon; which
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Henry La Reintrie, praying compensation for ser-
vices as secretary and interpreter to the United
States Legation to Chili, and for services as bearer
of dispatches, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for his relief; which was read, and passed
to a second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON", from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the petition of
Theresa Daidenne, widow of Abiaham D^rdenne,
praying Congress to indemnify her for losses sus-
tained on account of an erroneous sale of land
made to Abraham Dardenne by the land ofiv-ora
of Little Rock, Arkansas, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill for her relief; which was ri=ad,
and passed to second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
Andrew Hodge, junior, praying the enactment of
a law authorizing such an arrangement with him,
as one of the sureties of William H. Kerr, late
postmaster at New Orleans, as will, while it pro-
tects the Government from total loss, save him
from ruin, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for the relief of Levi Pierce and Andrew-
Hodge, junior; which was read, and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom were referred the petition and accom-
panying documents of Hezekiah Miller, of the
District of Columbia, praying for arrears of pay-
due him as a clerk in the War Department for the
discharge of cettain duties,submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill for his relief; which was read,
and passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom were referred the memorial and
accompanying documents of Amos Kendall and
John E. Kendall, praying that provision may be
made for securing the payment of their claim
against the Western Cherokee Indians, out of the
money due by the United States to those Indians,
submitted a repoit, accompanied by a bill for their
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
SENATE DEBATES.
! Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Printing,
! to whom was referred a letter of Robert Aim-
strong, desiring to surrender his contract for pub-
lishing the debates of the Senate, a letter from
Beverly Tucker proposing to assume that contract,
and a letter from A. 0. P. Nicholson proposing to
continue the contract, have directed me to report
that the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the whole matter. \ ask, how-
ever, that the report may lie on the table, as there
is before the Senate a proposition to purchase an
additional number of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix; and the matter should all be consid-
ered at the same time.
The report was ordered to lie on the table.
POST ROAD.
Mr. JOHNSON offered the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the Committee on the Po«t Office and
Post Rn«td> inquire into the expediency of creatine: a post
mute from Searcy, in Whit'* count}. via CiuiUnan, to Clin-
ton, in Van Duren county, Arkan-a^.
GULF OF MEXICO.
Mr. SLIDELL offered the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on fnmmeree he loquetetf,
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriations
Hiffir'entto maik out and defumate. by p opi>  buo\>, bea-
con*. &c., the r hamicK tbrn'nih Atcnaf;daya, Co'e l.hmc,
and Vermillion bavs, and tn pi.ice buovs theiein \yhei'jver
needed; aNo for tin1 erection of a licbt hou^e o?) Iiacoon
Point, being the vvc.-tc-rn exiiemiry oi'Lo^t Island, or Ship
