1336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
attempt was made to equalize the sessions. In
consequence of a difference between the Execu-
tive and Congress on that occasion, the bill for
that purpose was vetoed; but there was a general
and almost universal sentiment that the short ses-
sion should, in some way, be made longer, and
the long session in some way made shorter. This
will effect that object. It will bring Congress to-
gether at a time of the year when it can act best;
and I trust it wilt meet with general approbation.
I am decidedly in favor of it, and hope that it will
be adopted.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will suggest
whether it is not necessary, to effect the object, to
propose a joint resolution.
Mr. TOOMBS. This is a joint resolution.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If we adjourn on the day
indicated by the Senator from California, the first
Monday of July, 1 take it for granted, we shall
consider no other than the appropriation bills,
and that the homestead bill and the Pao.fic rail-
road bill, will, of course, go over. I am w iling
that they should go over, not only until Cc'.ober,
but that they should be postponed indefinitely. I
take it for granted, in view of the condition of
business in the House of Representatives, that
that body will have quite enough to do, and so
shall we, to properly consider the several appro-
priation bills.
If we are to consider, durit g this session, the
Pacific railroad bill, we had beuer consider it in
October, because then we shall have the reports
of the different surveying parties fully before us.
That might be an additional reason for adjourning
to meet again in October. I confess I, fur one,
would like to avoid, if 1 could, the necessity of re-
maining here during the months of July and Au-
gust; but I am quite convinced that if we consider
all the measures indicated by my friend from Cal-
ifornia we must, of necessity, remain here at any
rate until the first of September. For several years
past we have not been able to adjourn until August.
Mr. GWIN. I differ entirely from the honor-
able Senator from Pennsylvania. lie is an oppo-
nent of these two great measures, and I have no
doybt he goes for an adjournment, to put them
off. I entertain a different opinion from him. I
believe they both can be considered by the lime I
have indicated. I have no doubt about that, if
we fix the day of adjournment. But I am not
going to be drawn into an argument. I think we
ought to adjourn by that time. The oldest mem-
bers of this body know the fact, that legislation
done in the summer months is of a most imper-
fect character. I hope the resolution will be
adopted.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution, as pro-
posed to be amended, will be read.
It was read, as follows:
Resolved, (the House eoueurnns;,) That the President of
the Senate and the Hpoakei of tin; House <>l Representa-
tives adjourn their respective Uihim'.-. on the first Monday
in July until the third Monday in Octe.lx i mwt.
Mr. PETTIT. I am as desirous to terminate
this session of Congress as any Senator can be.
My action here has shown it. The Seriaie has
never been without a quorum on my account, I
have not spent a day absent from here since the
session coVnmenced. If it can be shown that the
proper and legitimate business; of tue country can
be done by the first Monday of July, I shall be
willing to adjourn. But what are the probabilities ?
You have before you an amountof business twice
as large as all that we have areomplLshed so far.
You have before you the ve'o message of the
President of the United Slates upon tlie indigent
insane bill, which we seem to be very loth to ^et
at. That will necesf-ariiy occupy considerable time
in its discussion. You have the Pacific railroad
bill, which will occupy more time than remains
from this until the 3d day of July in its discus-
sion in the two Houses. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia shakes his head; but when he hears the
bill discussed, he will find it so. You have the
homestead bill—in my judgment a very important
matter—not only to be discussed, but to be dis-
posed of. You have various other bills. It was
anticipated at the opening of this session that the
whole tariff policy of the country would undergo
a revision at this session. It is so expected by
some Senators yet. I know not how the com-
mittee on that branch of the public service is get-
ting along. I do not pretend to know. I am
. waiting their action to know their report and rec-
ommendation. I understand it is yet to come up
to be acted upon. There is an immense amount
of legitimate public business, therefore* not to say
anything about the private business on your Cal-
endar, and it is every day becoming accumulated
and increased.
You propose now in a day or two to adjourn
over for the purpose of renovating the Hall, taking
up the carpets,and putting down matting; and, to
my judgment, there will be no business of any
consequence transacted until next Monday week,
in the Senate or House. To-day and to-morrow
may be dwindled away as though in session, but
really little or no business will be done. You will
then be advanced into June sometime before you
are ready ta commence business in earnest again.
You wilt have less than a month to transact all
this business in; and what will be the result? We
leave the country with business merely blocked
out, and not completed; not an expression of their
rej^sentation in the two Houses upon the various
questions of public importance will be had. To
my judgment, this question ought to be postponed
until we shall have had this renovation done—
everybody understands it is to be done—and have
come back again a little renovated. I expect to
Stay here myself. I understand others are going
away. Some have already started. We shall
then better be able to judge how soon we can get
through with the public business. If it can be
done in a day, I say again 1 shall be glad to see
it so disposed of; but all experience shows us that
it cannot be so done. It may be the convenience
of Senators—no less, perhaps, mine than others—
to go home, and be in our respective States for a
while; but, sir, I am not disposed to quit or aban-
don a trust confided to me here, however short it
may be,or abandon the faithful fulfillment or per-
formance of it during the time that it may last,
with the hope, or even with the certainty, that its
abandonment here would secure a perpetuity or
continuance of that position. I think the public
service requires that we should not take this pre-
cipitate step now; and I therefore move to post-
pone the further consideration of the resolution
until next Monday week.
Mr. GWiN. I have but a few words to say
in reply to the Senator from Indiana. In regard
to the dispatch of the public business, it is well
known that four years ago, a question similar to
one which has been discussed this session in both
branches of Congress, was under discussion for
months; and it was finally decided about the 9th
day of September. It occupied the whole atten-
tion of Congress up to that period;and in three
weeks following that, we dispatched the public
business, adjourned, and went home. Now, we
ha\e got through a similar question, which ab-
soibed the whole time of Congress during its dis-
cussion, and it has passed at on earlier period than
the other was disposed of four years ago; and I pro-
pose to givea sufficient time for adiscussion of the
questions that it is necessary for us to act upon.
We know the homestead bill has been discussed
here for years past; and it has been finally aced
upon by one House. We know that the Pacific
railroad bill was last session discussed elaborately
in this body, and was very near passing then.
These questions are all before us and ready for
our action; and if we will apply ourselves to busi-
ness assiduously, I have not a solitary doubt that
we can dispatch every one of those measures in
which the country is deeply interested before the
day 1 indicate.
But the Senator seems to have forgotten the fact
that, by the proposition of the Senator from Geor-
gia, we shall have a considerable time before the
meeting of the next session of Congress to dis-
patch the business that may go over the 3d of
July. And, Mr. President, it is well known that,
according to the rules of the two Houses of Con-
gress, what we do not act upon now comes up in
order at the next session, as if we had not ad-
journed at all; so that we have continuously
before us from this to the 3d of March, with a
short interval of time, to dispatch the public bus-
iness which is before the two Houses of Congress;
and as it is the experience of members of this
body, and of the other House, that in the midst
of the summer months the discharge of business
is very onerous and oppressive, if not dangerous
to the health, it seems to me we shall be econo-
mizing the public time, and dispatching the pub-
lic business by coming to a determination at*once
as to when we shall adjourn. I oppose the mo-
tion to postpone; and hope we shall have a vote
now.
Air. PRATT. I do not claim to belong to
that senior class of Senators referred to by my
friend from Georgia; nor do I claim, therefore,
the necessity of an adjournment during the hot
weather on my own account; but I differ entirely
from my friend from Indiana [Mr. Pettit] in
supposing it would be injurious to determine now,
provided we are to determine at all, upon a recess.
My experience has been that, when we know we
are to adjourn at a particular day, every one will
set to work to get passed those measures which,
in hisjudgment, are most important to the country.
It is palpable to us all, from our experience hith-
erto, that we shall get through a greater portion
of business by having some day fixed, tnan we
shall if no day is fixed. Witness the short ses-
sions of Congress. It is known to you that then
very much fewer days are lost in idle discussion,
very much fewer days are lost in the discussion of
questions not of great national importance than
are lost during the long sessions.
Mr. President, there are many measures of deep
interest to be acted upon now. Among them is
the homestead bill; and my object in rising is to
give notice to the Senate, and that it may go to the
country, too, that my honorable friend from Geor-
gia has prepared an amendment to that bill which
will probably meet the sanction of the Senate, as
I am sure it will meet with the sanction of the
country, if any homestead bill is to be passed at
all. By his amendment he proposes to give one
hundred and sixty acres of the public lands to every
free white male citizen of the united States above
the age of twenty-one years. That is in lieu of
the homestead bill which is now pending. It is one
of equality. It is one of justice, it is one to which
no man on earth can object on constitutional
grounds, because it distributes to the people of the
country the lands which belong to them. My
principal object in rising was to give that notice
to the Senate.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 beg to say to my friend
that I had intended to add the widows. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRATT. I had some objections to wid-
ows. [Laughter.] However, I hope the vote will
be taken at once on this resolution. Its postpone-
ment to Monday week will only result in discus-
sion then on a further postponement, or, if it is
the opinion of the Senate that we ought to have
a recess, we should decide now when that recess
is to take place.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Anxious as I am for an early
adjournment, I cannot vote to fix the time at so
short a distance off as would render it improbable
that we could dispose, not only of the appropria-
tion bills properly, but also of the homestead and
the Pacific railroad bills. I think we ought to
make our calculations with reference to getting
through with those two great measures. The
shortest time that will enable us to accomplish
these two objects will suit my purpose; but I can-
not fix so short a time as the 3d of July.
I will also remark that it has been my purpose,
and I will be ready by to-morrow or next day to
bnng forward a bill to fix the annual meetings of
Congress on the first Monday of October, instead
of the first Monday of December, as a permanent
law of the land, in order to more nearly equalize
the length of the two sessions, making the short
session five months instead of three months, as it
now is, and as a consequence, that will bring the
vacation in the heat of summer.
Mr. CLAYTON. Does the Senator recollect
that, some years ago, a proposition somewhat
similar was brought forward, and that President
Jackson vetoed it on the ground which the honor-
able Senator has stated ? I make the suggestion
to the Senator, that he may look to the act of that
day.
Mr. DOUGLAS. We may omit that question
now. 1 thought, as we were now speaking of a
definite adjournment, I would give notice that I
intended to bring forward ageneral law upon that
subject. In reference to the present adjournment,
I hope that we will either give this resolution the
go by for the present, or else fix a time which we
will be sure will give us a sufficient opportunity
for passing the great measures to which I have
alluded.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am much in favor of an early
day for our adjournment, and unless weappomt a
