2194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
For compensation of the Auditor of the Post Office De-
partment, and the clerks, messenger, and assistant messen-
ger in his office, $163,300;
For compensation of the Treasurer of the United States,
and the clerks and two messengers in his office, one addi-
tional messenger being hereby created therefor, $26,900;
For compensation of the Register of the Treasury, and
the clerks and messenger m his office, $51,700;
For compensation of the Solicitor of the Treasury, and
the clerks and messenger in his office, $16,850;
For compensation of Commissioner of Customs, and the
clerks and messenger in his office, $19,750;
For compensation of the clerks and messenger of the
Light-House Board, $8,550.
The twenty-fifth, which was to insert;
For additional compensation for disbursing clerks and
superintendents of Ext* cutive Building, provided in the third
section of the act of 3d March, 1853, entitled " An act
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of Government tor the year ending the 30th of June, 1854,'
for the Treasury Department, $600.
The twenty-sixth, which was to insert:
JFor revision of the reyenue laws already made, and a re-
port showing the changes and alterations therein, $5,000.
The twenty-ninth, which was to^educe the ap-
propriation for the Secretary of the Interior, and
the clerks and messengers in his office, from
$29,800 to $28,400.
The^hirtieth, which was to insert, as one of the
items of contingent expenses of the office of the
Secretary of the Interior, " for pay of laborers,
$1,095.
The thirty-first, which was to increase the ap-
propriation for compensation of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, and all the officers
employed in that office, from $139,500 to $165,050.
The thirty-second, which was to strike out
$3,000, and insert $2,190 in the item for compen-
sation of six laborers in the General Land Office.
The thirty-seventh, which was to insert:
For additional compensation for disbursing clerks and
superintendents of Executive Buildings, provided in the
thud section of the act of3d March, 1M3, entitled " An act
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the. Government for the ye.ir ending the 30th of
June, 1851, for the Department of the Interior, $600.
The thirty-ninth, which %a« to insert:
For the annual compensation of a librarian, to be ap-
pointed by the Commissioner of Patents, the sum of $1,600,
the amount now allowed by law to clerks of the third class,
to be paid out of the patent fund.
The forty-fifth, which was to increase the amount
appropriated for compensation of the Secretary of
War, and hii
[ his clerks and messengers, from $20,750
to $22,650.
The forty-sixth, which proposed a similar in-
crease in the office of the Adjutant General from
$11,600 to $14,750.
The forty-seventh, which was to strike out
$14,000, ana insert $16,350 in the appropriations
for salaries in the Gtuartermaster General's office.
The forty-eighth, which is to increase from
$10,900 to $12,350 the appropriation for the com-
pensation of the clerks ana messenger in the office
of the Paymaster Genera!.
The forty-ninth, which was to strike out $8,000,
and insert $9,350 in the item: " For compensation
of the clerks and messenger in the office of the
Commissary General of Subsistence."
The fiftieth, which was to substitute $8,150 for
$7,400 in the clause: " For compensation of the
clerks and messenger in the office of the Chief
Engineer."
The fifty-first, which was to increase the appro-
priation for those employed in the Surgeon Gen-
eral's office from $4,400 to $5,150.
The*fifty-second, which was to increase the ap-
propriation for the clerks and messenger in the
office of the Colonel of Topographical Engineers,
from $5,600 to $9,980.
The fifty-third, which was to substitute $12,150
for $10,400 in the appropriation for the clerks and
messenger in the office of Colonel of Ordnance.
The fifty-fifth, which was to insert:
For additional compensation for disbursing: clerk and
BuperintendentofExecutive Building, provided in the third
section of the act of the 3d of JVfarch, 1853, entitled "An
act making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of Government, for the year ending the 30th of June,
1854," for the War Department, $200.
The fifty-ninth, which was to increase the item
" for compensation of the Secretary of the Navy,
and the clerks, messenger, and assistant messen-
ger in his office," from §27,000 to $28,700.
Thesixtie'h, which was to substitute $11.(550
jc place of $10,800, as the appropriation for the
compensation of the Chief of the Bureau of Ord-
nance and Hydrography and his clerks and mes-
sengers.
The sixty-first, which was to make a similar
increase, from $13,700 to $14,850, in regard to the
Bureau of Yards and Docks.
The sixty-second, which provided for a like
increase, from $20,800 to §23,550, in the Bureau
of Construction, Equipment, and Repairs.
The sixty-third, which provided for the substi-
tution of #8,150 instead of $7,300, in the appro-
priation for the compensation of the clerks and
messenger in the Bureau of Provisions and Cloth-
ing.
The sixty-fourth, which was to strike out $7,900,
and insert $8,350 in the appropriation for the
salaries of the Chief of the Bureau of Medicine
and Surgery, ajid the clerks and messenger in his
office.
The sixty-sixth, which was to insert:
For additional for disbursing clerk and superintendent
of Executive Building, provided in the third section of the
act of the 3d of March, J853, entitled " An act making^ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Gov-
ernment, for the year ending the 30th of June, 1854," for'
the Navy Department, $200.
The sixty-eighth and sixty-ninth, which were
to increase the appropriation for compensation of
the Postmaster General, three Assistant Post-
masters General, and the clerks, &e.  of that De-
partment, from $124,400 to $150,150.
The seventieth, which was to insert:
For additional for disbursing clerk and superintendent of
Executive Building, provided in the third section of the act
of the 3d of March, 1853, entitled " An act making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1854," for the
Post Office Department, $200.
The seventy-first, which was to insert:
For compensation of three watchmen Tor the Post Office
Building, $1,800.
The eightieth, which was to insert:
For the payment of Richard H. Weiglmnan for mileage
and per diem compensation for the second session, Thirty-
First Congress, as an agent claiming to be a Senator elect
from New Mexico, ,$2,460.
The eighty-first, which was a provision that
the salaries of Governor and superintendent of
Indian affairs in Washington Territory should
be increased to $2,000 each per annum.
The eighty-fourth, which was to insert:
For the completion of the geological reconnoissance of
the Territory of Washington, and to make detailed examin-
ations in the coal and mineral regions theieof, $10,000.
The eighty-fifth and eighty-sixth, which were
to insert:
For the erection of public buildings in the Territories of
Kansas and Nebraska, to be expended under the direction
of the Governors thereof, respectively, $25,000 for each
of said Territories, and so much of the act for the organi-
zation of said Territories, as located the seat of govern-
ment of Kansas at Fort Leavenworth, is hereby repealed.
For libraries at the seat of government of each of the
Territories of Kansas and Nebraska, under such regula-
tions as shall be prescribed by law, $5,000 for each of said
Territories.
The eighty-seventh, which was to increase the
salary of the chief justice of the Supreme Court
to $7,000, and that of the associate justices to
$6,500 each.
The eighty-ninth, which was to increase the
appiopriation for salaries of the Attorney General,
and clerks, and messenger in his office, from
$12,300 to $19,900.
The ninetieth, which was to amend the pro-
vision appropriating; $1,300 for salary of the re-
porter of the Supreme Court by providing that
m case the Court should direct him to publish
two volumes of reports he should receive §1,300
for each volume.
The ninety-ninth and one hundred and third,
which were to strike out the clauses providing
that no money should be appropriated under this
act for custom-houses and marine hospitals until
the State, in which such building is to be com-
pleted, shall in due form, and in a manner that
shall bind such State, release and surrender to the
United States jurisdiction over the site of such
buildings. * 1
The one hundred and sixth, which was to in-
sert: I
For the erection of a building for a hoarding station at ;
Pass a l'Outre, Louisiana, $3,500 : Provided, That no part i
of said sum shall be expended until the title to the land '
selected as the site of said building be fiist secured to the !
United States.
The one hundred and tenth, which was to in-
sert:
And the Secretary of the Treasury shall be authorized to
appoint some suitable person to act as inspector of drugs
and medicines for the port of San Francisco, in the State
of California, at an annual compensation of $3,000.
The one hundred and seventeenth, which was
to add to the appropriations for salaries of the
ministers of the United States at foreign courts,
the following proviso:
Provided, That the salaries of the Ministers to Great
Britain and France shall be hereafter at ihe rate of $15,000
per annum; and that hereafter, outfits of Ministers to Great
Britaiq- and France shall not be allowed.
The one hundred and eighteenth, which was to
insert; *'
For salary of a clerk of the United States legation at
Paris, $500.
The one hundred and nineteenth, which was to
insert: :
For outfit of the Commissioner to tbe Sandwich Islands,
$2,500.
The one hundred and twenty-first, which was
to add after the clause, " For the relief and pro-
tection of American seamen, and seamen belong-
ing to American vessels in foreign countries,
$125,000," the following:
And to enablethediplomaticand consular representatives
of the United States, in foreign countries, to afford relief
to, and provide the means of returning home, to such citi-
zens of the United States, in foreign countries, as may
have been reduced to a state of destitution of the necessa-
ries of life, by shipwreck or the necessary abandonment
of the vessel m which they embarked ; and also to such
citizens of the United States, as, being on their way from
one part of the United States to another, have become des-
titute in foreign countries, in consequence of shipwreck,
disease, or any other casualty, $20,000.
The one hundred and twenty-third, which was
to insert:
For payment to Blythe 8c Co., of Port Louis, in the Island
of Mauritius, the sum of $7,854 50, it being the amount of
two bills of exchange drawn upon the Department of State
by George M. Farnum, commercial agent, in payment of
expenses incurred m relieving destitute American citizens,
which drafts were cashed by said Blythe & Co.
The one hundred and twenty-eighth, which
was to insert:
To enable the Secretary of State to reimburse to Edward
Riddle such sums as shall be satisfactorily shown to have
been expended by him, or which said Riddle may have
obligated himself to pay, on account of his official position
at the Industrial Exhibition at London, England, or so
much thereof as shall be necessary, $2fi,000: Provided,
That no portion of the payments made, pro rata, by con-
tributor at said exhibition shall be regarded as within this
appropriation.
The one hundred and fortieth, which was to
insert:
For running the northwestern boundary line between the
United States and Great Biitain, from the Lake of the
Woods to the Pacific ocean, for marking the forty-ninth
parallel, and for such survey as may be necessary to fix said
boundary between the main and Vancouver's Island, and
including the compensation of the officers and others em-
ployed in the work, $242,170.
The one hundred and forty-eighth, which was
to insert:
For continuing the work for a supply of water to the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, $500,000 : Provided,
That no part of the sum hereby appropriated shall be ex-
pended until the corporations of Washington and George
town, or either of them, shall appropriate and pay an
amount equal to one fourth of said sum for the same pur-
pose, and shall acree to pay in like manner the same pro-
portion of all future appropriations; and full power and
authority are hereby given to said corporations, respect-
ively, to raise, by loan or otherwise, any sum of money
that may be necessary to enable them, or either of them, to
make the appropriation herein required ; and the said cor-
porations of Washington and Georgetown, and the inhab-
itants of the said cities respectively, or the corporation
making the appropnation, and the inhabitants of such city,
shall be authorized to use the surplus wafer which may be
brought by the Washington aqueduct, after supplying the
Government establishments in Washington, under such
general rules and regulations as may hereafter be prescribed
by Congress; and each of said corporations shall baWi the
nsht to charge and collect of the inhabitants of such city
such reasonable tax or rent for the use of the water as will
provide for the regular payment of the interest, and the
gradual payment of the principal, of any money which may
be raised under the authority hereby given.
The one hundred and fifty-third, which was to
insert:
For fuel for^the President's House, $1,000.
The one hundred and fifty-fourth, which was to
insert:
For a furnace keeper at the President's House, $365.
The one hundred "and sixty-third, which was to
add:
Sfc. —• Jlnd be it further enacted, That tbe provisions
of the second section of the act of 2*2d of April, 1854, enti-
tled " An act to amend the third section of the act making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of yov-
ernment for the vear ending the 30th June, 18o4, and for
other purposes," be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
And from and after the 1st day of July, 1854, the annual
