,1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
627
Mr. DISNEY. If the motion to commit the
bill be agreed to, what right have I then?
Mr. JONES. Then you have the ri ht to close
the debate in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. In other words, the gentle-
man's right, as chairman of the committee which
reported this bill, to close the debate, is carried
from the House to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. DISNEY. On the question to commit un-
dera different ruling, I would be entitled to speak.
It is important something should be said before the
question is taken on the motion to refer.
Mr. JONES. Suppose the gentleman speaks
now, and the bill is then sent to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, he would be
entitled co close the debate there also. The uniform
practice has been, in my recollection, that if the
motion to refer is agreed to, the debate closes in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and if it is voted down, then he speaks on
the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. DISNEY. The main question has been
ordered to be now put. The main question is the
motion to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, which has been
argued; and I, of necessity, compelled to wait
until argument was offered in favor of thatmotion.
I was compelled to wait until the House had ex-
hausted itself in favor of that motion, before my
right to reply can occur. Under a different ruling
1 am deprived of all right to be heard.
The SPEAKER. The rule of the House in
reference to the question is as follows:
" No member shall occupy more than one hour in debate
on any question in the [louse or in Committee ; hut a mem-
ber repotting tile measure under consideration from a com-
mitter , Mi;iy open and close Hie debate ; provided, that when
debate ii closed by order of tiie House, any member shall
' be allowed in Committee five minutes to explain any
amendment he may offer.3'
The SPEAKER. Whether, in contemplation
of this rule, the debate is closed on referring the
bill, will be the question for the House to de-
termine. The Chair thinks that under any other
construction than that which he has given to it,
the gentleman from Ohio would have the right to
close the debate some half dozen of times, per-
chance, on the bill. The gentleman will perceive
that he does not lose his right, even if the bill
should go to the Committee of the Whole, as he
has a right, under the rule, to close the debate
there.
Mr. DISNEY. But suppose this bill should
not be committed—what then?
The SPEAKER. Should the bill not be com-
mitted, then the gentleman's right to close is clear
on ordering the bill to be engrossed, or on its pas-
sage, just as he may choose.
Mr. DISNEY. Well, I will not insist on the
point; but I say this: that if the motion to com-
mit be carried, it will be fatal to the bill; and I
therefore trust that the House 
[Cries of '-Order!" "Order!" all over the Hall.]
The SPEAKER. The question now is on or-
dering the bill to be committed to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CUTTING. I submit to the friends of the
bill, whether or not, before the question on the
motion to commit is taken, they will assent to my
submitting this amendment to their bill: That no
patent shall issue until twenty continuous miles of
this road are completed, and so on ? _ It will be
observed, that unless the amendment is accepted
now there will be no opportunity whatever to
amend this bill except in Committee of the Whole.
And if the friends of the bill refuse now to allow
it to be perfected, their refusal only drives the
House, if they desire this amendment, to vote for
the proposition to send the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DISNEY. I am desired to say, by the im-
mediate friends of the bill—I mean by those gen-
tlemen who are most interested in its fate—that
they have no sort of objection to the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from New York, [M-1".
Cutting.] Antl I will add, that, in my humble
opimon, it is a very small affair. I repeat, that I
am desired to say the friends of the bill agree to
accept the amendment.
The SPEAKER. Then, if there be no objection
to the amendment it will be inserted as part of the
bill.
Mr. OLDS. I object. I want the bill to go to
the committee.
The SPEAKER. Then the question is on re-
ferring the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. On that ques-
tion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative, there being—yeas 86, nays
95; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Appleton, Thomas ff. Bayly,
Belcher, Bennett, Bocock, Bridges, Carpenter, Caskie,
Ctiaslian, Colquitt, Cox, Craige, Crocker, Cutting, Dent,
Dick, Dickinson, Dowdell, Drum, Edmands, Elliott, Ell-
ison, Faulkner, Flagler, Franklin, Fuller, biddings, Goode,
Grey, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Hastings, Haven,
Hendricks, Hibbard, Howe, Irigersoli, Daniel T. Jones,
George W. Jones, Keilt, Kerr, Kurtz, Letcher, Lilly,
McCulloch, McMullin, McQueen, Maurice, May, Mtd-
dleswarth, Millson, Moigan, Mornson, Murray, Olds,
Packer, Bishop Perkins, Powell, Pratt, Preston, Pringle,
Puiyear, Ready, Reese, David Ritchie, Rogers, Russell,
Sabin, Seward, Sevmour, Shaw, Simmons, Skelton, Ger-
rit Smith, William Smith, Snndsrass, Andrew Stuart,
Trout, Vail, Van-ant, Wade, Walley, Israel Washburn,
Wells, and Zollieofier— 8o.
NAYS —Messrs. Abercrotnbie, Willis Allen, Banks,
Barksdale, Benson, Bissell, Boyce, Breckinridge, Brooks,
Bugg, Campbell, Carulbere,Chamberlain, Chandler, Chase,
Churehwell, Clark, Cobb, Cook. Coiwin, Cullom, Cum-
ining, John G. Davis, Dawson, De Wilt, Disney, Dunbar,
Eastman,Eddy, Edsterton, English, Everhart, Farley, Flor-
ence, Gamble, Goodiicb, Green,Greenwood, Sampson W.
Harris, Wilev P. Harris, Harrison, Henn, Hill, Hughes,
Hunt, Johnson, Roland Jones, Knox, Lamb, Latham,
Lindtey, LimHey, McDougall, Macy, Matteson, John G.
Miller, Smith Miller, Noble, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Mor-
decai Oliver, Orr, Peek, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips,
Richardson, Riddle,Thomas Ritehey,Robbins,Sage, Sapp,
Shannon, Shower, Samuel A. Smith, George W. Smyth,
Frederick P. Stanton, Ricliard H. Stanton, Alexander H.
Stephens, Hestor L. Stevens, straub, John L. Taylor,
Thurston, Tweed, Upham, Walbridge, Walker, W.nren,
Ellihu B. Washljurue, John Wentworlh, Tappan Went-
worth, Westbiook, Wheeler, Daniel B. Wnglit, and
Yates—9.1
So the motion to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union was not
agreed to.
Mr. DISNEY. I am desired now, by the
friends of this bill, to request the unanimous con-
sent of the House to the adoption of the amend-
ment suggested and offered a while ago by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cutting.]
Mr. OLDS. I withdraw my objection to it.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from New
York will be incorporated in the bill.
Several Members. Let it be reported.
Mr. HOWE. I object to its incorporation in
the bill, except another amendment which I pro-
pose to offer be adopted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will first hear this proposition read; and
then that which he proposes to submit may be
also read.
The Clerk then reported the amendment, as
follows:
After section 4, insert as the fltll section :
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the lands to be appro-
' priated to said State shall be disposed of only in manner
{ following, that is to say : No title shall vest in the said State
of Wisconsin, nor shall any patent issue for any portion of
i the lands hereinbefore mentioned, until a continuous length
| of twentv tniles ofsaid road be completed through the lands
' herebv granted And when the Secretary of the Interior
I shall be satisfied that any twenty continuous miles ol said
I road are completed as aforesaid, then a patent shall issue
1 for a quantity of land not exceeding one hundred and twenty
j sections, and included within the continuous length of
' twenty miles ofsaid road. And so, from time to ttme, pat-
I ents shall issue in like maimer on the completion of every
i additional twenty continuous miles of said road until it is
1 completed ; when patents shall issue for the remaining lands
i not already conveyed. And if said road be not completed
within ten years, no further sales shall be made ; and the
i lands unsold shall revert to the United States.
| The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, this
! amendment will be received to be voted upon in
its proper order as a part of the bill. The bill will
be so modified.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the friends of this
bill if'they will accept the following amendment
also?
Several Members. Read it.
The Clerk reported the amendment, as follows:
"That the money arising from the pales of the le^eived
alternate sections bp divided among the several States of
the Union in the ratio of their Federal representation."
Several Members objected.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is objected
to. It is therefore out of order.
Mr. SEWARD. Do I understand the Chair
to decide that the bill is not amendable now?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decides. The
bill is not amendable, unless by unanimous con-
sent of the House.
Mr. SEWARD. Then what is the effect of the
previous question ?
The SPEAKER. By the express rtile of the
House the previous question operates first "on the
motion to commit the bill, then on the amend-
ments pending, then on the engrossment and third
reading of the bill.
Mr. GREY. 1 would inquire of the Chair,
now that the House has refused to accept the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Howe,] if it is in order for me to
object to the amendment offered by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Cutting?]
The SPEAKER. It is too late to object, the
House having already accepted it without objec-
tion.
Mr. DISNEY. I shall not avail myself of the
privilege accorded to me by the rules of the
House, to occupy an hour in closing this debate.
I am too anxious to get the bill out of its present
situation, and out of the way, for, as long as it re-
mains where it is, it prevents all reports from com-
mittees of this House. Seeing the evident dispo-
sition of the House, if I felt so disposed, I would
not trespass upon their time.
But there is another and more cogent reason
which governs me. I am physically unable to
say what I should like under other circumstances
to have said. Permit me to say, once for all, to
the House, that in relation to this matter of rail-
| roads, the most singular confusion of ideas, in
\ reference to facts and principles, seems to have
fastened itself—perhaps irremovably—but for the
present, at least, upon the minds of some gentle-
men upon this floor.
Why, the whole foundation of grants of this
sort is to be found in the fact that the reserved
sections will be enhanced in value. While in
relation to this point, positive figures, dates, and
localities have been paraded by the official officers
of this Government, yet gentlemen, wise in their
own judgment, refuse to believe. With such,
words are powerless,-and there is no such thing
as argument.
I should like to have gone on at some length in
reply to the singular speech delivered the other day
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,]
as illustrating precisely the fact of which I have
spoken.
Mr. LETCHER, (interrupting.Will the
gentleman from Ohio allow me a word?
Mr. DISNEY. I do not like these interruptions.
Mr. LETCHER. I think the gentleman should
be as civil to me as I was to him the other day,
and to all the friends of the bill. I then allowed
them all to interrupt me.
1 understood the gentleman from Ohio to make
a statement upon this floor, that under these rail-
i road grants the Government gets as much land,
. in quantity, as is given to the railroad companies,
i Mr. DISNEY. As much what?
I Mr. LETCHER. That the Government re-
I serves under these railroad grants, precisely the
1 same amount of land that the railroad companies
! get, and that such land is doubled in price. Do I
! understand the gentleman from Ohio correctly ?
j Mr. DISNEY. I said that the foundation of
j the riffht to make grants of this sort was to be
: found'in the enhanced value given to the residue
I of the public domain, in consequence of the im-
! provements made by virtueof these grants. Ana
! to sustain that proposition, I pledge myself—not
• now, but hereafter—to prove it to the gentleman s
1 content.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman answer
] the question I have presented ? I so understood
him to say the other day, and I understand him
'°MI. DISNEY. I said that the whole domain
i1 in that particular locality was enhanced.
1 Mr LETCHER. That is not the question to
li which 1 called the gentleman's attention.
If the gentleman will pardon me, I will read a
communication from the Commissioner of the
General Land Office. It is as follows :
Generai. Land Office, Marchl, 1854.
Sir - In compliance with your verbal request of this
mornin" lo be furnished with a statement showing,ihe
Quantity of land donated along the Illinois Central railroad,
and the quantity reserved to the United States, subject to
the double minimum price, I have the honor to state that
the quantity donated j as abov6? is as follows t
