1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
isat
day certain, we shall make but small progress in
the public business during the summer. Fdo not
like the proposition to take a recess until October,
and still less the proposition of the Senator from
Illinois to lengthen the short session, unless his
proposed bill will also limit the long session.
The length of our sessions is becoming a great
evil to persons in the public service. The doors
of Congress are fast becoming tike (Virgil, I think,
describes) the gates of hell—forever open. If we
could fix the duration of both sessions of Congress
within reasonable limits, we should have sufficient
pleasant weather in which to transact the neces-
sary public business. We do the business of the
country, sir, as well during the short session as
the long session. From my experience here, I
I think it is rather better done at the short session.
I am satisfied that four months would be suffi-
cient to enable us to do the business at each ses-
sion, and that would be a great relief to those
who have anything to do when they are at home.
As to meeting again in October, however, I think
that would be too soon. If we take a recess at
all, we ought to have some time to attend to our
business at home. Coming here again in October,
I think, would not suit many of us. I am dis-
posed to fix the earliest day possible for the ad-
journment, and if I cannot get the first Monday
in July, 1 will take the third Monday in July or
the first Monday in August. That would give us
ample time; but when we adjourn [ want to ad-
journ to the time fixed by law—the first Monday
in December.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I shall favor
the motion made by the Senator from California,
but I suggest to him that he say the second Mon-
day in July. That will give us a full month for
the transaction of business. The criticism made
by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Pettjt,] I
think is correct; with the resolution as it stands,
there will be something less than a month left to
us. The Senator from California says he is willing
to make bis resolution read "the third Monday
of July.*' That is ample time for us—there is
no question of it—to get through with the whole
business, It is ample time for us to consider the
homestead bill, for the simple reason that, having
passed the House of Representatives, it is now in
this body; and in this body we have, and always
shall have, more leisure, from the organization of
the body, than thSy have in the House, to con-
sider such a measure. If the House can get
through with the appropriation bills, we can get
through with the homestead bill also. The appro-
priation bills will not be here until the last mo-
ment; so that we shall have plenty of leisure time
between now and the third Monday in July. But
for an evidence of our ability to get through with
our business, and of a fact which is familiar here j
without evidence—that is, that when a day is !
fixed we always work up to that day, and that we
have worked up to it successfully heretofore—we
have but to refer to the periods of adjournment of 1
preceding Congresses. j
In 1838, which was the Twenty-Fifth Congress, |
they adjourned on the 9th of July. In 1840, <
which was the Twenty-Sixth Congress, they ad- ;
journed on the 21st of July; and all the business 1
was done in those years of the same character !
which we are required to do this year. We are !
now wiinout any great absorbing, leading, na- ;
tional question that is to consume much time in I
debate. In 1842, the Twenty-Seventh Congress, !
they adjourned on the 31st of August. The cause j
of that is well known. The bank questions were i
up then, during Mr. Tyler's Administration; and !
that was the cause of that extraordinary long ses- |
sion lasting until the 31st of August. The tariff j
of 1842 was passed, also; and that aided in keep- j
ing Congress in session till so late a period. In i
1844, the Twenty-Eighth Congress, they ad- |
journed on the 17th of June—absolutely on the \
17th of June! We propose now to give the ad- :
ditional timeuntil the third Monday in July, if gen- ;
tlemen do not prefer a shorter period. In 1846, t
the Twenth-Ninth Congress, they adjourned on I
the 10th of August. In 1848, the Thirtieth Con- j
gress, they adjourned on the 14th of August, In '
1850, the Thirty-First Congress, which was the j
compromise Congress, they were kept here until '
the 30th of September. The cause of that is well j
known. The compromise question consumed all !
the time,occupied the minds of all, and kept us heie i
until the 30th of September. The votes upon the I
compromise were not taken until the month of
September. The last Congress, in 1852, sat here
until the 31st of August. That was an unsually
long time. There was no particular necessity tor
that extraordinary delay. It arose simply because
the time was not fixed at an earlier period. They
might just as well have adjourned a month or two
months sooner, as to have delayed it to the length
of time they did.
Now, if it be a pleasure to stay here through
the dog-days, let it be so voted; let us stay. But
the proposition made by the Senator from Cali-
fornia concedes even to those who desire to stay
here to the 31st of August, if necessary, all the
time they want. There will be a delay of a very
short time because we shall, under that resolution,
commence again on the third Monday of October,
and run on until the first Monday in December,
when the regular session commences. Some may
make an objection to one session being thus
brought to run into another. The period of the year
during which the resolution proposes we shall sit
is better for the health of those who are here, as
well as for the business of the country, than the
months of July and August; and as to one ses-
sion running into another, it l no objection. That
is practically the case now; for there is a joint
rule of the two Houses which declares that the
business which is not disposed of at the long ses-
sion,shall stand over to the short session, and take
the position on the Calendar of the second session
which it had on the first.
I would, sir, support the very shortest time of
adjournment that could be given in which we
could do the public business, even if we did not
take a recess to meet again m October; but I am
satisfied to commence again in October, and cer-
tainly that with sitting here to the third Monday
in July will be ample time to give to the labors
of this session. 1 hope sincerely that the third
Monday in July may be adopted *as the day of
adjournment, as it seems to me to be far the most
appropriate.
Mr. BAY A.RD. Therenecessanly must always
be a diversity of opinion among Senatois on the
question of adjournment, arising both out of the
matter of personal convenience, and from other
causes. I presume that the only reason on which
we could justify ourselves, and which I think does
amply justify us, is, that during the hot months of
our climate man is incapacitated for that attention
to business which otherwise he could bestow upon
it. The languor of the body necessarily produces
indisposition to mental as well as physical labor.
That being the case, it would seem to me that the
rule of adjournment ought to be to adjourn from
that period when the intensely hot weather com-
mences until that period when it becomes suffi-
ciently cool and agreeable for the purpose of our
duties here without being oppressed by the heat
of the weather. I should think we ought to
look to that as the rule for a recess, if we are to
have one; and to take, say the third Monday in
June, by which time your weather here always
becomes very warm. By that time you can dis-
pose of those measures, antTof those only, that
ought to be acted upon immediately, such as the
deficiency bill, and measures of that class. We
might then adjourn from that time until the last
Monday in September, or to the first Monday in
October. Your weather then, throughout tins
climate, is always perfectly consistent with any
species of exertion, mental or corporeal; and I
think if the ground of the recess is the condition
of the weather and climate during the hot months,
you can justify the adjournmenton no other prin-
ciple than adjourning over that period during
which the climate incapacitates you from mental
exertion.
1 therefore think, if a recess is to be taken—
personally, to me the period would be an incon-
venient one; but I endeavor to discard that en-
tirely from my consideration—you should adjourn
from the third Monday in June, which is the 19th,
to the last Monday in September, or the first
Monday in October at the furthest. You then
will have ample time to dispose, during the exist-
ing session, of all the great measures alluded to
as matters requiring the discussion of the Senate.
You will not be asked to discuss or dispose of
them now, with, perhaps, the exception of the
deficiency bill, which certainly ought to be dis-
posed of, and the bill which has been vetoed by
the President of the United States, with some
other subordinate measures. You have a great
many measures of importance; arid, i am sorry
to say, that the bill which is most important to
the people of the country, seems to me to have
escaped the attention of Senators altogether in
looking at what their duties must be during the
present and next session of Congress, i aihide
to the bill which proposes to reorganize the judi-
cial system of the United Slates; one which' cer-
tainly will involve differences of opinion; one
which, though it will not give rise to excitement,
and may not attract public attention to the extent
which some other subjects do, is as vitally im-
portant to the people of the country as any or all
the measures which so much press upon theatten-
! tion of the Senate. It will take a long time, prob-
ably, in its discussion; but 1 think t afford ample
time, and my object is to afford the recess during
that period when the character of the climate inca-
pacitates us from intellectual labor.
1 hope, therefore, if the Senate determine to
take a recess, it will be on the only ground on
whirh it can be asked for, and that we shall take
the earliest day after the hot weather terminates
for the recommencement of our labors. The re-
cess should commence earlier than July, for the
weather is hot enough before that to justify it.
That will give us ample time to dispose of all the
measures which must be disposed of at once; and
then by commencing again in the latter part of
September, or the beginning of October, we shall
have two months for the disposition of all the
measures upon which we have to act during the
present session.
Mr. BROWN. I am particularly opposed to
the amendment offered by the Senator from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Dawson,] and chiefly for the reason
s that it woula be to me a matter of very serious
! personal inconvenience, coming: as I do from the
t extreme South. I do not want to be pent home
■ in July and August. It is much more pleasant to
stay here.
Mr. PRATT. Go to the springs.
Mr. BROWN. But, then, when-shall I go
, home? You bring me back in October, which Is
: the only safe season for me to go home, and
! which is the only time when J can stay at home,
| without personal inconvenience, to transact my
private business. You brin^ me back to Con-
gress at that time, so that 1 have no chance to go
home at all. I am opposed to it on that ground.
Then, sir, I do riot see the reason which
prompts gentlemen to insist on this sort of ad-
' journment over. To my mind it is very obvious
that there are certain questions which ought to be
discussed here in the warm months. We had a
proposition up some time ago in reference to ■
water-works for this city, i cannot imagine any-
thing more delightful than to talk about water-
works in July and August; and I think gentle-
men who have been opposing that measure here-
tofore if they could begot into the discussion of
it on one of rhnse hot days, when the thermom-
eter is up to 95°, would receive the proposition
much more kmdiy than they have done before.
[Laughter ]
But, sir, I am opposed to the resolution itself.
I have no idea that we can transact the public
business by the time specified. AH the appropri-
ation bills are y et in the House of Representatives.
The civil and diplomatic bill, the Army appropri-
ation bill, and the Navy bill, are all yet in the
House; not one of them has been sent here.
Those bills wili this year appropnate doubtless
thirty millions of dollars, perhaps a larger sum.
Shall we hurry the appropriation of that amount
of money through here without any sort of con-
sideration? Is it treating the public Treasury
with justice to do so ?
I know that during the short sessions you under-
take to do little else than simply pass the appio-
priation bills. Those great measures which are
discussed during the long session, such as the
Nebraska bill, the Pacific railroad bill, the home-
stead bill, and other measures of that character,
get no sort of consideration during the short ses-
sion of Congress; and as long as you limit those
sessions to three months, they never wid get any
consideration, because it takes the whole of that
time to transact the necessary public business
which i-> indispensable, and cannot by possibility
be postponed.
Now,%e have all the business of this session
on our hands. 1 know ©f nothing that has been
