2196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August
announcing that they had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill " making appro-
priations for the repair, preservation, and comple-
tion of certain public works heretofore commenced
under the authority of law."
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate recede
from their amendments to that bill.
Mr. CLAY. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
Mr. STUART. I ask to have the amendments
read.
Mr. ADAMS. I suggest to the Senator that it
is not necessary to read the amendments. All of
ttiem, I understand, have been disagreed to by the
House., Every Senator knows what they are.
Mr. STUART. After the experience which
we have had in the Senate for the last two days
about mistakes, I mean to know what I am going
to vote on. I have a right to have these amend-
ments read, and when they are read, I shall then
know whether they are correct or not.
The amendments of the committee were read.
Mr. GWIN. I think this i%the best bill for a
committee of conference that I nave seen come up
here yet. The House made clean work of it, and
disagreed to every amendment of the Senate; they
did n,ot leave us a single amendment. I think we
Ought to have a committee of conference on the
bill. There are a great many of those amend-
ments which ought to have been considered by
the other House, but it seems they have been
overruled entirely, and they have struck them all
out in a lump. I hope we shall have a committee
of conference on this bill.
Mr. SEWARD. It is very certain that there is
no prospect of the House agreeing to our amend-
ments. They have been engaged in the consid-
eration of them all day, and have refused concur-
rence. I therefore hope the Senate will recede, so
that we may secure the passage of the bill as it is.
Mr. GWIN. That will be giving up every-
thing to the House on all those bills. Now,let us
make afightonthis bill. We have given up every-
thing else. Now, let us have a committee of con-
ference on this, bill, and see whether the House
will not agree to something we propose.
Mr. STUART. I shall ask to have the ques-
tion divided on these amendments, and I will state
in a few words, why I cannot consent to recede
from at least two of them, and 1 think there are
three on which we ought to insist. There are
two amendments which were reported from the
Committee on Commerce which should be insisted
on at all events. One of them is indispensably ne-
cessary to make an appropriation of the bill avail-
able; I refer to the appropriation for Newark.
Unless you add to that the words which the Com-
mittee on Commerce of the Senate recommended,
and which the Senate adopted, the appropriation
cannot be used. That is the testimony from the
Engineer Department. The whole appropriation
will be a nullity, unless you add the words which
were inserted by tlfe Senate, defining the place
where the money shall be expended. I cannot
consent to recede from that amendment, and I
think if the Senate wilt reflect for a moment on
what we have been doing here for the last week,
they will insist upon it.
Ill the first place, we put into the civil and dip-
lomatic bill a provision which was to make an
appropriation of the last Congress available in
North Carolina, and the House have stricken it
out, and it is out of the bill. We have put into
the Army appropriation bill which we have just
disposed of, another provision which is contained
in this bill also, in orderto make an appropriation
for the Red river raft available. The House will
undoubtedly strike that out of the Army appro-
priation bill. Now, sir, if we consent to recede
from these amendments to this bill which are in-
dispensable to carry out the appropriations, we
do, in the first place, great injustice to the particu-
lar localities, and, in the next place, we subject
ourselves,hereafter, to having such provisions put
upon the appropriation bills where they have cer-
tainly no pertinence.
Then again, sir, there is a proviso to the last
section of the bill, as it came from the House,
which the Senate struck out. That proviso makes
it necessary that every Army officer engaged in
the expenditure of any of these funds, shall give
bonds. I have a- communication, which it would
take half an hour to read, from an Army officer,
showing not only the impropriety, but the mani-
fest injustice of such a provision. He does not
get a cent for disbursing the money; and he is
calle<j upon, under this provision, to give bonds to
five or ten times the amount of what he is worth.
His friends are to come in and give security for
him in respect to a matter for which he gets no
pay- , „
Mr. BAYARD. Let me suggest to the Sen-
ator that the object of that proviso is not to make
the officers give security, but to prevent an officer
from superintending these works.
Mr. STUART. That will not bring about
civil superintendency, because it is expressly pro-
vided that the money shall be expended under
the direction of the War Department; and we all
know that Army officers will be appointed by that
Department. Now, the question is, whether the
Senate will insist on an amendment indispensably
necessary to carry out an appropriation, and with-
out which it would be worthless, and whether they
will recede from an amendment <5f this character,
which would inflict gross injustice on the officers
of the Army? Why should we do so? The Sen-
ator from New York says that the House have
had the bill under consideration all day. Sir, I
have heard of a good many things being done in
the House to-day, and some, in my opinion, that
ought not to have been done; but, as I understand
it, the House have only had this bill under con-
sideration during the last hour. I know of no
reason why the Senate should refuse to insist
upon such amendments as are proper.
Mr. WELLER. I do not know what they are.
Mr. STUART. The Senator says, he does
not know what they are. I mentioned the ap-
propriation for the harbor of Newark, New Jer-
sey. Unless you add to that appropriation the
words which the Committe on Commerce recom-
mended, which carries the expenditure below that
point, the engineer officer has written to the com-
mittee to say, that the work cannot be carried out.
The same thing is true of New York, as to the
appropriation for Hell Gate. There is a case
where money has been advanced by individuals,
and unless you add the words proposed by the
Committee on Commerce, there is no authority to
refund that money. This is a species of injustice
which I think we are not called upon to do; but
let us make an effort to see whether the House
will not recede from its disagreement to these
necessary amendments. As to the amendments
making additional appropriations I care nothing
about them. •
Mr. WELLER. I desire to ask the Senator
from Michigan if, at the commencement of the
discussion of this bill in ihe Senate, he did not
make earnest appeals to the friends of the bill not
to suffer any amendments whatever to be made to
it? I so understood him.
Mr. STUART. I will answer the Senator. I
did not. That question has been asked me seve-
ral times, and I can say that I made no such ap-
peals to the Senate. On the contrary, I reported
three amendments from the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. WELLER. I was grossly mistaken, and
I was here all the time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Committee on Com-
merce reported no amendment to increase any
amount of appropriation. They reported some
verbal amendments to make the bill more perfect.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And objected to
all others.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir, and objected to
all others.
Mr. STUART. I did not.
The PRESIDENT. Did the Chair understand
the Senator from Michigan to ask for a division
of the question on the amendments r
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir, I ask for a division.
The PRESIDENT. Then the question will
be on receding from the first amendment.
Mr. RUSK. I think the proper course is to
take the vote on insisting.
The PRESIDENT. The motion made by the
Senator from New York is, that the Senate recede.
Mr. RUSK. I heard a long discussion once
on this subject, and I think it was decided that the
proper question to be put was on insisting.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair decides that
the question is to be put on the motion to recede,
that motion having "been made. The first ques-
tion is,on receding from the amendmentincreasing
the appropriation " for the removal of the Des
Moines rapids, in the Mississippi river," from
|18,000 to $100,000.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
on receding from this amendment, resulted—yeas
18, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bright, Chase,
Conper, Fessenden, Foot, Geyer, Gillette, Johnson, Jones,
of Tennessee, Pratt, Sebastian, Seward, Siidell, Stuart,
Sumner, and Wade—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Brodhead, Brown,
Butler, Clay, Dawson, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Fitz-
patrick, Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Mallory, Morton, Rusk,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Toucey, Walker, and
WeJler—21. •
So the Senate refused to recede from this amend-
ment.
The second amendment was to insert in the
appropriation " for the removal of the rocks at
Hell Gate and Diamond reef, New York harbor"
the words " including the amount expended prior
to August 30, 1852."
The question being taken upon receding from
this amendment, the Senate refused to recede.
The third amendment was to insert after the
appropriation of $50,000 " for continuing the re-
opening of a communication between Albemarle
Sound, in North Carolina, and the Atlantic
ocean," the words, "in addition to the sum of
$50,000 appropriated by the act of August 30,
1852; and this sum, as well as the former appro-
priation, may used for a breakwater, or such
other works as the Secretary of War may deem
best adapted to accomplish the object."
The question being taken on the motion to re-
cede from this amendment, it was decided in the
negative.
The fourth amendment was to insert; " For the
improvement of the Brazos river, in the State of
Texas, $44,000."
The Senate refused to recede from this amend-
ment.
The fifth amendment was to insert after the
words, " improvement of the harbor of Newark," .
the words, " and Passaic river, below the town of
Newark, and Newark bay."
The Senate refused to recede from this amend-
ment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is no necessity for
taking the vote separately on the other amend-
ments.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the vote will be taken upon all the other amend-
ments together. The question is, will the Senate
recede from the remaining amendments to this
bill?
The Senate refused to recede.
So it was resolved that the Senate insist on their
amendments to the said bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate re-
quest a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses.
Mr. GWIN. I was about to make that motion
myself.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was ordered*that
the committee be appointed by the President pro
tempore; and Messrs. Gwis, Benjamin, and Rbsk
were appointed.
A message was soon afterwards received from
the House of Representatives, announcing that
they insisted upon their disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate, agreed to the confer-
ence asked by the Senate on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses, and had appointed Mr. John
Wentworth, Mr. Orr, and Mr. John Perkins,
jr., managers at the same on their part.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
^aA message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that they insisted upon their disa-
greement to the amendments of the Senate to the
bill making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1855; agreed to the further
conference asked by the Senate on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses; and had appointed Mr.
Olds, Mr. Chandler, and Mr. Bocock managers
at the same on their part.
Also, that the Speaker had signed an enrolled
bill to incorporate the Pioneer Manufacturing
Company of Georgetown; which was thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore.
