1854.
/THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2197
MAIL STEAMER BILL
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill from the House of Representatives, " making
appropriations for the transportation of the United
States mail by ocean steamers and otherwise,
during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1855."
Mr. BRODHEA.D. I move to strike out the
third section in the following words:
Seu. 3. Jindbeit further enacted, That the arrangements
now subsisting for th i transportation of the mails from New
Yoik to Liverpool, from New York via Southampton to
Bremen, from New York via Cowes to Havre and back,
from New York to New Orleans, to "Charleston, Havana,
and Ohagres and back, from Panama to California and Or-
egon and back, and from Charleston to Havana and back, be
terminated as soon us, in the opinion of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, it may be done consistently wtih the public 1 ritere^Cs;
and that the Postmaster General shall give notice*of such
termination accordingly: Provided, That, in the opinion of
the Postmaster General, with the concurrence of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and the Attorney General of the United
States, the same may be done without the violation of any
contract now legally binding on the United States, and that
the transportation of the mails on these lines be let to the
lowest responsible bidders after public advertisement.
J object to this section for several reasons. I
move to strike it out because it refers to the Post-
master General, the Secretary of the .Navy, and
the Attorney General, a question, the decision of
which properly appertains to the Senate and House
of Representatives. I believe the object of it is
to compel the Government to purchase these worn-
out vessels for war steamers. A vessel depreciates
in value about ten per cent, every year. These
steamers have been in service about five years, so
that they are half worn out. Under existing laws,
if we discontinue the service of these mail steam-
ers, we are bound to take them at a certain price.
Again, we shall be obliged to enter into other con-
tracts. Gentlemen who want these contracts, it
seems to me, ought to wait until the present ones
expire. It appears, however, that they cannot
wait any longer, but they must appeal to the Gov-
ernment to take their old steamers, and compel
the Government to pay for the transportation "of
the mails besides; so that we shall pay nearly the
same price for transporting the mails, and we
shall have these steamers on our hands altogether
worthless for war purposes. These are my ob-
jections to the section.
Mr. RUSK. I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to a provision in the first section of
this bill directing the Secretary of the Navy to
give notice on the 3lst day of December next of
the discontinuance of the extra allowance to the
Collins line of steamers. That is a violation of
the law as it stands. The law making that addi-
tional allowance declares that after the 31st day
of December, 1854, Congress may give notice of
the discontinuance of that service.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator allow me to
read that provision of the law to him ?
Mr. RUSK. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. It is in these words:
" Provided, That it shaft be in the power of Congress,
at any time after the 3lst day of Decembei, 1854, to teirni-
nate the arrangement for the additional allowance herein
provided for, upon giving six months' notice."
Mr. RUSK. I contend that, according to the
plain meaning of this language, it is not in the
power of Congress to act upon the subject until
the 31st day of December next. What would
be the result, in practical operation,of the pro-
viso contained in the first section of this bill? It
would be a discontinuance of this service by the
Executive officers. Congress meets before the
31st of December next, and will be in session im-
mediately afterwards. According to the plain
construction of the law, Congress has no power
over the subject until that time. The acceptance
of that law by the contractors made it a contract
with these persons, and Congress has no right to
interfere with it until after the 31st of December
next, and then it may give six months' notice.
That is a question for decision at the next ses-
sion of Congress.
Aside from its being entirely out of the power
of Congress, in my judgment, under that law to
take any action towards giving the notice at this
time, it would be, in my opinion, an improper act
if the power were fully vested in Congress. If
you desire to surrender the whole monopoly of j
the transportation of the mail between our ports ;
and those of Great Britain, into the hands of !
Great Britain, it would be well to terminate this t
contract. I know that this bill goes on in a sub-
sequent section to provide that the Secretary of
the Navy and the Postmaster General shall issue
proposals, and let out the contract to the lowest
bidder. Whenever that would be accomplished, it
would be a dead weight upon the Treasury to no
earthly purpose, for no lowest bidder couid come
in and take this contract, and compete with the
Cunard steamers. The Collins steamers have
surpassed them. No one who would come in
and obtain a contract as the lowest bidder would
be able to compete with the Cunard steamers.
The result would be that your steamers from New
York to Liverpool would be thrown back from
ten to twelve days, as they are now, to fifteen or
sixteen days, and there would be no mail matter
sent on such slow steamers. The other provision
which I understand the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia to move to strike out, is the third section in
reference to the contracts between this and Cali-
fornia.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I move to strike out the
third section.
Mr. RUSK. I thought the Senator moved to
strike out the notice in the first section, and the
whole of the third section.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Icannot move both. We
can first try to strike out the third section.
Mr. RUSK. The third section provides that
the Postmaster General, the Secretary of the
Navy, and the Attorney General,shall determine
whether or not they can set aside the mail steamer
contracts without violating any laws. It is de-
volving on them a very onerous, and, I suppose, a
very disagreeable duty. It is for Congress to de-
termine that question. I believe a committee of
the House of Representatives, reported the other
day that such a proceeding would not violate the
law. That is what 1 understand, though I have
not read the report. But what will be the practi-
cal effect, even supposing some of the contracts
have been violated and they can be set aside? We
should be in danger of the very thing of which the
Senator from Pennsylvania has suggested; we
should have to take these ships when they were
pretty well worn out, and pay the contractors for
them. What use have you for them when you
have obtained them ? Then what would be the
next step? A competition between three or four
different rival routes between this and California,
with a view of encouragingimprovements outside
of our own Territory. I am opposed to making
any more contracts which will at all interfere
with the great necessity and duty which devolves
on us of making a road between this portion of
the country and California over our own territory.
Here are various rival routes. Here is the Pan-
ama route, passing through a country which is
almost in revolution, and a few days ago, I believe,
the travel across the Isthmus was very unsafe, and
doubtless would be rendered entirely so in the case
of a revolution. Then there is the Nicaragua
route, with the celebrated Greytown on it, with a
set of scamps there who live by robbing, and very
frequently add murder to it. Then there is another
rival route across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec,
through a country which is just about on a par,
so far as law and order are concerned, with the
other two. Under such circumstances, 1 am not in
favor of extending these contracts or vesting in-
terest in any of these pass-ways which shall at all
interfere with the projet of making a railroad :
across our own territory to our possessions on j
the Pacific.
Mr. HUNTER. Thisamendmcntisconfined, :
I understand, to striking out the third section. I >
have no doubt that, if we have authority to put [
an end to these contracts, as proposed in that sec- [
tion, it would be very much to the advantage of I
the Government to do so, and would also facilitate j
the mail service to California. I believe, so far j
as cheapness and superior mail service are con- j
cerned, we could have it much cheaper and a :
better service, even if we were to buy these ships j
at valuation, (for it is to be remembered that they J
are to be bought at valuation.) and were to put I
the contracts out to the lowest bidder. But, sir, '
there is a question behind that, which I have not i
had time to examine to my satisfaction; and that !
is as to the authority to do so. If I felt perfectly \
clear that we had the authority to do so, I should, i
with great pleasure, vote for the section as it has j
been sent to us by the House. That is the only j
doubt which rests upon my. mind. I
Mr. ADAMS. As I have the honor of belong-
ing to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and differed from my colleagues on that
committee, in regard to the notice to the Collins
line, I desire simply to say that I have no doub.t
of the power and of the right of Congress at any
time to provide for the giving of the notice after
the day fixed in the contract, by which Congress
reserved to itself the right of giving notice. I do
not understand that the time fixed for the giving
of the notice, limits the action of Congress. Con-
gress may, in anticipation of that time provide
for and direct the notice to be given at the expira-
tion of the time. 1 differ from my colleagues on
the committee upon that subject. Congress, in
my opinion, is just as competent now to order
notice to be given at the time limited in the con-
tract, as it will be after the time shall have arrived.
As to the other questions involved, I believe, with
the Senator from Virginia, that the sooner we give
the notice, and get rid of the existing contracts,
the better it will be for the country.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I understand
the Senator from Pennsylvania has moved to
strike out the third section of this bill. I was not
here at the time the motion was made, nor did I
hear the arguments which he offered in support of
it, but I came in towards the conclusion of his
remarks, when he was telling the Senate that the
effect of the passage of this section of the bill
would be to throw upon this Government a con-
siderable number of vessels which were really
worthless. Now, Mr. President, you will allow
me to say that the provision in this section of the
bill is, that if, in the opinion of the Postmaster
General, with the concurrence of the Secretary of
the Navy and the Attorney General of the United
States, these contracts may be set aside without
any violation of the rights' of the parties, it shall
be done. Now, suppose the Government were
compelled to take these vessels. They take them
at an appraisement of their value for naval pur-
poses; and I undertake to say, that for naval pur-
poses the appraisement would not be very extrav-
agant. There are few of these steamers which
would be appraised at over $150,000 or $200,000
for naval purposes. These vessels were originally
to have been constructed so as to be convertible
into armed steamers, or steamers for naval pur-
poses in time of war. Very few of them, in my
judgment, have been so constructed; and all that
the Government would now be compelled to pay,
if we should see proper to abrogate the contracts*
would be the value of these steamers for naval
purposes. The Senator from Virginia said the
other day that we were compelled to pay $730,000
for the transportation of a mail semi-monthly to
California. I undertake to say now, that there
are parties here who are abundantly able to give
ample security that they will carry the mail
weekly for $500,000 a year.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator-from Cali-
fornia will permit me, I will state that the price
we are now paying is more than he has men-
tioned. It is $835,000 a year.
Mr. WELLER. Eight hundred and thirty-
five thousand dollars, then, is paid for the trans-
portation of a serai-monthly mail to California.
If the existing contract be abrogated, we can obtain
a weekly mail to California for $500,000. There
is the question now presented to the Senate. The
contract has some six years to run, and the only
point is, whether it is expedient now, if, in the
opinion of the Attorney General, the Postmaster
General, and the Secretary of the Navy, these
contracts can beset aside without a violation of
the rights of these parties, to do so? My only
anxiety is to get a mail, and get it just as often as
we can obtain it. I prefer a weekly, of course,
to a semi-monthly mail; and if, by abrogating the
contracts on just and fair terms, if, by taking these
vessels at what they may be appraised to be worth
for naval purposes, I can obtain a mail weekly for
$500,000, I consider that it is to the interest of
this Government to do so.
Now, then, what is the ground on which the
Senator from Pennsylvania stands? He says that
we shall be compelled to take these vessels. I am
perfectly willing to take them, and make a fair
remuneration to the parties, by paying for them
whatever they may be worth for naval purposes.
These steamers are only valuable as transports in
time of war. Your side-wheel steamers cannot
be used for any other purpose than for transport-
