1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
629
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SMITH. If the object of the gentleman
is to keep the bill which he has moved to recom-
mit before the House, why not let us go on and
finish it now ?
The SPEAKER, ft is not for the Chaicto de-
termine the motives for the action of the House.
The motion submitted by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge] is strictly in
order under the rules.
jMr. SMITH. We might just as well dispose
of the bill now as postpone it till to-morrow
morning. I hope the motion of the gentleman
from Kentucky will not prevail.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I must call the gen-
tleman from Virginia to order. I ask the Chair
if the question before the House is debatable?
TheSPEAKER. It is not debatable.
The question was then taken on Mr. Breck-
inridge's motion; and, on a division, there were—
ayes 76, noes 90.
So the House refused to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question recurred on the motion to recom-
mit the Wisconsin railroad bill to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. DISNEY. I withdraw the motion to re-
commit the bill, and demand the previous ques-
tion on its passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
bill upon the table.
Mr. DISNEY. On that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I call for the enforcement
of the last part of the 39th rule while the vote is
bein  taken. I ask that it may be read and en-
forced.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is called upon to
enforce the last part of the 39th rule, which will
be read.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
"No member or other person shall visitor remain by the
Clerk's table while the yeas and nays aie calling or ballots
are counting."
The SPEAKER. The Chair will feel it to be
his duty to enforce that rule. '
The question was then taken on Mr. Jones's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 97, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Mes&rs. Aiken, Thomas II. Bajly, Belcher, Ben-
nett, Benton, Bncock, Boyce, Bridges, Brook®, Carppnt^r,
Ca&kie, Chandler, Chastain, Churchweli, Colquitt, Cox,
Craige, Cutting, Dent, Dick, Dickinson, DowdeH, Drum,
Eddy, Elliott, Ellison, Ethendce, Everhart, Faulkner, Flag-
let, Franklin, Fuller, Gamble, Giddings, Goode, Grey,Grow,
Aaion Hailan, Andievv J. Harlan, Sampson W. Harna,
Hasting, Haven, Henchick*, Hihlnrd, HiU, Howe, Inger-
soll, Daniel T. Jones, Gcoige W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Keitt, Kerr, Kuiwell, Kurtz, Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch, \
MeMuIlm, McNair, McQueen, Mam ice, May. Mayall, ,
Middleswarth, Smith Miller, Millaou. Moip.tn, Morrison, i
Munay, Packer, Bishop Perkins, Powell, Pratt, Preston, !
Prmgle, Puryear, Ready, David Ritchie, Rogers, Russell, [
Sabm, Seymour, Shaw," Shower. Summons, Skelton,Gerrit |
Pinith, Sap'ucl A. Smith, William Smith, Siiodyras?, An- t
drew Siuait, Trout, Vail, Vansant, Wade, Walley. Isiael
Washh'irn, and Zolhcoff^r—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Ahercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis
Alien, Appleton, Ranks, Barksdale, Benson, Ri-^seU, Breck-
inrtdge, Campbell, Carutheis, Chamberlain, Chandler,
Chase, Claik, Cliugman, Cobb, Conk, Corwin, Crocker,
Oulloni, <Juiiumiur,~ John G. DavK i)e Witt, Di.-nev, Dun-
liar, Eastman, Edjjerton, Edmands, English, Farley, Flo-
rence, Goodrich, Green, Greenwood, Wiley P. Harris,
Harrison, Henn, Hicster, Houston, Hughes. Hunt. Roland
Jones, Knox. Lamb, Latham, Lindl^y, Lind-Icy, McDou
gall, Maey, Matteson, Maxwell, John G. Miller, Norton,
Andrew Ohver, Mordecai Oliver, Peck. John Perkins,
Phelps, Phillips, Reese, Richardson, Riddle, Thomas ,
RitcV-y, Robbins, Sajre, Sapp, Seward, Shannon, Single- |
ton, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Sollers, Fred- j
crick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Ste- !
phft.$, Hesitor L. Stevens, Straub, John L. Taylor,Thurs- .
ton, Tracy, Tweed, Upham, W.ilhridge, Walker, Warren, !
TOIIilm B. Wa-hburnc, Wells, Jonn Wentwoifb, Tappan ;
Wentworth, Westbiook, Wheeler, Dame1 B. Wright, and
Yatet—94.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to reconsider the
"vote just taken, and to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
[Crien of u No! no!''and *4 Withdraw it. "j
Mr. TWEED. I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
Mr. LETCHER. At the request of some of
my friends, I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. CLENGMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. FAULKNER. I rise to make a priv-
ileged motion.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. My motion is privileged,
I think.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move to reconsider the
vote'by which the bill was laid on the table, and
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not withdraw'my
motion.
Mr. CUTTING. The morning hour having
expired, I call for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. Two privileged questions
have already been submitted. The gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] moves that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Faulkner] moves to reconsider the vote just
taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the fable.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My motion takes prece-
dence, and I do not withdraw it. The gentleman
from Virginia has aright, undoubtedly, to have
his motion entered, but not considered until my
motion is disposed of. •
- The SPEAKER. The question is first on the
motion of the gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the motion to
reconsider has been made and entered, has not any
member a right to call it up at any time, even to
the exclusion of a mo'ion to go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The two x'ules, if the gentle-
man will refer to them, would seem fo conflict one
with the other. But the rule is so clear and pos-
itive that the House may at any time resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, that when that motion is first made, the
Chair thinks that it must'take precedence even of
a motion to lay a motion to reconsider upon the
table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the Chair permit
me to make a suggestion ?
The SPEAKER. With a great deal of pleasure.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There are two privileged
motions pending—one that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and the other to lay upon the table
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
Wisconsin railroad bill was laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides, if the
gentleman will allow the Chair, that the motion
to reconsider will be entertained, but that the
question must first be put on the motion of the
gentleman from North Carolina, that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, as that motion was first
submitted.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That is the view I take
of the question.
The Question was then taken on the motion that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; and it was dis-
agreed to; there being, on a division—ayes 75,
noes 96.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
the motion submitted by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Faui.kner.]
Mr. BISSELL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. DISNEY. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The object of
gentlemen, I presume, is to pass this matter over
until to-morrow; and 1 would suggest, that instead
of moving to adjourn, we zo to the consideration
of the business upon the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. Is the motion to adjourn
withdrawn ?
Mr. BISSELL. No, sir.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I demand
tellers on ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell
and Churchwell were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 33.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on tffe motion to
adjourn; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
35, nays 138; as follows: s
YEAS—Mes-sifc. James C. Allen, Bissell, Brooks, Camp- !
hell, Clark, Cobb, Cook. Dwiey, Eastman, Failey. Flor- j
ence,Green, Harrison, Uenn, Hiester, Hughes, Himt, John-
son,Lmdsley, Macy, Smith Miller, Thomas Rnchey, Sapp, I
Shannon- William R. Smith, Sollers, Hestor L. Stevens,
Straab, John L. Taylor, Thurston, Walbridge, Walker,
Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, and Yafes—35. ' " "
NAYS—Messrs, Aiken, Willis Allen, Appleton, Ashe,
Thomas H. Bayly, Banks, Barksdale, Belcher, Bell, Ben-
nett, Benson. Benton, Bocoek, Boyce, Bridges, Bugg, Car-
penter, Caruthers, Caskie, Chamberlain, Chastain, Church-
well. Clingman, Colquitt, Cox, Craia:e, Crocker, CuTfotn,
Cumming, Cutting, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Daw-
son, Dent, De Witt, Dick, Dickinson, DowdeH, Drum, Dun-
bar, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmands, Elliott, Ellison, English,
Everhart, Ewing, Faulkner, Franklin, Fuller, Gamble,
Goode, Goodrich, Greenwood, Grey, Grow, Aaron Harlan,
Andrew J, Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris,
Hastings, Haven, Hendricks, Hibbard, Hill, Houston,
Howe, Insrersoll, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Keitt,
Kerr, Kidwell, Kittredge, Knox, Kurtz, Lane. Latham,
Letcher, Lilly, Lyon, McCulloch. McNair, McQueen, Mat-
teson, Maurice, May, Meacham, Middleswartb, John G.
Miller, Millson, Morgan, Morrison,Murray,Olds, Packer,
Peek, Bishop Perkins?, Phillip?-, Powell, Pratt, Preston,
Pnngie, Puryear, Ready, Reese, Riddle, David Ritchie,
Robbing. Rogers, Russell, Sabm, Sage, Shaw, "Shower,
Simmons, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Andrew Stuart,Tracv,Trout,Tweed,
Upham, Vail, Vansant, Wade, Walley, Elhhu B. Wash
burne, Israel Wa^hburn,John Wentworth, Wheeler, Daniel
B. Wiigiit, and Zollicoffer—138.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
proposition to lay on the table the motion to re-
consider.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. H1ESTER. I move that the House do
now resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BOCOCK. Is that motion in order? Is
there not another privileged motion pending?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. BOCOCK. Does not the question first
arise on the-privileged motion pending?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania is a privileged one of a
higher character than that of the gentleman from
Virginia, in the estimation of the Chair.
The question was then taken, and the House
refused to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to say, once for all, to
the House, that I have no disposition to worry it
out bj' repeated motions, merely for the consump-
tion of time. It is a reasonable request when I
ask, so far as the Wisconsin railroad bill is con-
cerned, that it be allowed to go over until to-mor-
row, to give time for members to reflect on it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is not in order.
Mr. BISSELL: I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Thursday next.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to.
The question was taken on laying upon the table
the motion to reconsider; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 93, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Thomas H. Bayly, Belcher,
Benton, Bocoek, Bridges, Brooks, Bugg, Carpenter, Cas-
kie, Cha&tam,Chuich\vell, Colquitt, Cox, Craige, Crocker,
Cutting, Dent, Dick, Dickm^>n, DowdeH, Drum, Eddy,
Edgeiton, Elliott, Etheridge, Ewing, Faulkner, Franklin,
Fuller, Gamble, Giddni««, Goode, Grey, Grow, Aaron
Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Hastings,
Haven, Hendricks, Hibbard, Hill, Howe, Ingersoll, Daniel
T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kerr,
KidvveJl, Kurtz, Letcher, Lilly, Lyon, McCulloch, Mc-
Mullrn, McNair, McQueen, Maurice, May, Mayall. Mid-
dleswarth, Million, Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Packer,
Bishop Perkins, Powell, Pratt, Preston, Prmgle, Puryear,
Ready, David Ritchie, Rogers, Ru&sc!l, Sabm, Seymour,
Skelton, Genlt Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
Andrew Stuait, Tracy, Tfouf, Vail, Vansant, Wade,
Wallv. Israel Washburn, and Zofheofier—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Abererombie, Willis Allen, Applcton,
Barksdale, Bennett, Benson, Bissell, Breckinridge, Camp-
hell, Caruthers Chamberlain, Chandler, Chase, Clark,
Chngman, Cobb, Cuilom, CUmmmg, John G. Davfc,
Thomas Davis, De Witt, Disney, Dunbar, Eastman, Eth-
sdn, English, Everhart, Farley, Flrfjrler, Florence, Good-
rich, Green, Greenwood, Wiley P. Harris, Harrison, Henn,
Hiester, Houston, Hughes, 1-Junt, Johnson, Roland Jones,
Knox, Latham, Lmdfley. jtlcDoUsaHj Ma'cy, Matteson,
John G. Miller," Smith Miller, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Mordecai Oliver, Peck, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips,
Reese, Riddle, Robbing Sage, Shannon, Smifleton, Wil-
liam R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Sollers, Frederick P.
Stanton. Richard H. Stanton, Alexander Jrl. Stephens,
Hestor L. Stevens, Str.vab, Taylor, Thurston. Tweed,
Upham, Walbridge, Walker, Warren, Ellihu B. Was li-
fetime, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook,
Wheeler, Daniel B. Wright, and Yates—83.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table; and the bill was finally lost.
Mr. SAGE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
