1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1389
time allowed, as I have said, is not more than
sufficient to consider the appropriation bills.
There are a number of other very important
bills. I shall not pretend to enumerate them all,
but there are three before us of vast importance.
One is the bill for the increase of the Army. Dep-
redations are being committed daily by the In-
dians on our frontier, and they pass by unheeded.
The War Department is called upon for the better
defense of the frontier; but it has been unable to
afford that defense, in consequence of the few
troops at its disposal. Every mail brings me in*
formation of depredations committed on my con-
stituents. We have a bill to increase the Army,
which has been reported by the honorable Senator
from Illinois, which has not yet been discussed,
which hps not been taken up, but which is very
important for the public service.
Mr. CASS. Then there is the judiciary bill.
Mr. RUSK. The bill mentioned by the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan is one of vast im-
portance. Everybody admits that the judiciary
system under which we are now laboring is
wretchedly defective. Itispartial in its operation,
and does not answer the purpose intended by the
Constitution. There is an important bill before
us, which has been reported after great research,
on that subject; and it will consume a great deal of
time to consider it, as it ought to be considered,
with deliberation and calmness. It isvery neces-
sary that it should be disposed of.
Then there is the homestead bill. Though I
feel somewhat indifferent in regard to that, its
friends consider it a matter of very great import-
ance. I am inclined to think that it is. Thesub-
ject will be before us until we do something; and
the sooner we act judiciously and properly in re-
gard to it, the better. In acting upon that bill,
we should act with calmness and deliberation; and
when we pass a bill upon the subject, it should be
one of proper character.
Again, here is the Pacific railroad bill, which I
regard as a very important national measure. I
know very well that it was not intended by the
honorable mover of the resolution [Mr. Gwin]
that it should operate injuriously upon that meas-
ure, or the one which I last mentioned. He is
more anxious for one of them, the homestead bill,
than I am; and is equally anxious as I am forthe
Pacific railroad bill. But my deliberatejudgment
is, that if this resolution be passed, and be agreed
to by Uie House of Representatives, (which I do
not apprehend will be the case,) the Pacific railroad
bill, the judiciary bill, the homestead bill, and the
bill for the increase of the Army, are dead.
Mr. SHIELDS. No doubt of it.
Mr. GWIN". I will not consume the lime of
the Senate in answering the arguments of the
Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] and the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Shields.] They have already
been answered by the previous debate. But, sir,
allusion has been made to the amount of business
on our table. Allow me to say, that there it will
remain until three weeks before the close of the
session. I should like to know what we have
done within the last three weeks? Nothing at all.
There has been no legislation for three weeks
past. Here we have had a bill of preeminent
importance, so represented by Senators on this
floor, to be acted upon at once, as a matter of
courtesy to the President, and on account of the
importance of the principles involved in it. I
refer to the veto message. Now, have you, sir,
ever seen as little desire to bring up that question,
which was represented to be of such an important
nature as to override every other question that we
attempted to bring forward? Have you ever seen
a question languish as that has in this body?
My experience here is very short indeed, but
that experience teaches me that when we mature
business in the committee, and bring it before the
Senate, the members 'of those committees can
present it in a few days as well as they can in a
few weeks. Every measure that will be dis-
cussed before this Congress, if we should sit until
November, has already been presented, except,
perhaps, the river and harbor bill. There is not
another question that can come up which has not
already been reported upon. Every one of the
questions which we are to consider can be dis-
cussed and acted upon, except one or two, in the
last three weeks of the session, no matter when
the end will be, in October, September, August,
or July.
Now, Mr. President, so far as this House is
concerned, what have we before us? We have
no appropriation bills here. We have already
passed three or four appropriation bills. The
other House, so soon as the present special order
is dispensed with—and the moment a day of ad-
journment is fixed that will be disposed ot, forthe
question has been very much discussed—they will
send us the appropriation bills. In the mean time
we can act upon the Pacific railroad bill and the
homestead bill. We shall have time enough to
pass the immediate pressing legislation of the
country. Then what c$n we do here, when we
meet in October? We can take up the judiciary
bill, and the other bills which have been alluded
to, that are not of pressing necessity. I under-
take to say, that there is no possibility of passing
the bill to which the Senator from Illinois aliuded,
to increase the Army. It was distinctly under-
stood, when the other bills introduced by that
Senator in relation to the Army were passed, that
the bill to which he has referred would not be acted
upon during the session. The reason was, that
there was a greater pressing necessity to have a
retired list, and increase of compensation of the
Army, than to have the other measure, and that
we could not expect the whole of them at once.
Sir, I am as anxious as any person to discharge
the business of the country. It is unnecessary
for me to talk about my being here all the time.
Tnat is pretty generally known. I have not
brought forward this resolution, on account of any
desire which I have to postpone the public busi-
ness, but because 1 want to dispatch it. I feel
perfectly confident that before the first Monday of
July we can act on every question which we shall
act upon at all, if we remain until the last of Au-
gust, except those measures which can be post-
poned, and should be postponed until October.
1 hope the motion of the Senator from Dela-
ware [Mr. Bayard] to strike out the third Mon-
day of October, and insert the first Monday of
October, will be voted down. The Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Stuart] talks about the elections
for members of Congress coming off m Novem-
ber. Why, sir, in many of the States the elec-
tions take place in October. The elections take
place in Ohio and Pennsylvania,and variousother
States during that month. But it js unnecessary
for members to beat home when the elections take
place. There is a necessity for being: there in ad-
vance, I confess, so that they can make their ar-
rangements for the election; but there is no other
pressing necessity for their presence. 1 hope the
resolution in its present form will pass.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, the resolution
as it now stands, does not meet my approbation.
I should prefer a resolution simply authorizing the
two Houses to be adjourned at a given day, and
I would fix that day now. I would fix it for the
reasons which, I think, have been so wellstated by
the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pratt;] reasons
which conform to my experience here for the last
twelve years. When ever yon fix a day of ad-
journment you will work up to that day. Such
will be the fact now I have no doubt. But the
Senate have refused to modify this resolution, and
I shall vote for it in its present form, because 1
believe both the convenience of the Senate, and
the substantial wants of the country will be as
well and better provided for, if we adjourn soon,
than if we continue an interminable session dur-
ing the hot season here.
Senators have alluded to various subjects which
are of importance to the country. I concede all
the importance which they attribute to them; but,
without any fixed time for an adjournment, who
supposes those bills will receive action, either fa-
vorably or unfavorably, by Congress before the
first of October? I do not; and I believe they will
receive the action of Congress almost as early if
we adjourn over to October, as they would if we
were to remain here without adjourning. In my
judgment, there will be very little difference in
the time when you will act upon them. In my
opinion, the time fixed m this resolution is amply
sufficient to enable us to discuss and act upon
all these measures which are of pressing import-
ance. The length of time that will elapse between
the time for adjournment as fixed m the resolution,
and the time we are to meet again, will be short,
and then those measures which remain unacted
upon can be taken up and disposed of.
I will, for these reasons, give my vote forthe
resolution, though I would prefer it simply as a
resolution of adjournment.
Mr. ADAMS. I shall vote against the pro-
posed amendment of the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Bayard,] for the reason that l'am in favor
of the earliest adjournment. If the resolution had
been voted upon as originally proposed, I should
have voted for it. As an individual, I think the
country would lose nothing by failing to get, at
this or subsequent sessions, the measures which
have been alluded to by Senators who have ob-
jected to the adjournment. There is one bill,
however, which 1 should like to see acted upon at
this session, and if we should be so fortunate as
to get it reported back from the Committee on
Public Lands, I presume we could pass it any
morning. I refer to the graduation bill, which is
much more important to the country than the
homestead bill.
As to the homestead bill and the Pacific rail-
road bill, they will do just as well at the next ses-
sion as at this; and the country will be better off m
my opinion, particularly in regard to the home-
stead bill, if they should never be acted upon.
Sir, that bill is the first step towards agrariamsm,
towards dividing out the property of the rich
among the poor; and if it should never be acte.d
upon by this Congress, the country would sustain
no loss by it.
But, sir, as the Senate has refused to adjourn
over from the time fixed in the resolution until the
next regular meeting, I shall vote for the resolu-
tion as it now stands. If we are to have a recess
of some three months, and three months only, it
occurs to me that the better time to take it is dur-
| ing the hot season of the year. That the fall sea-
■ son will be a better time for the performance of
] labor than the summer, it seems to me none can
! doubt, I will therefore vote for the resolution,
j Mr. BADGER. I wish merely to say that my
! views upon this resolution and upon the amend-
! ment that is pending, will be discovered as soon
| as the yeas and nays are called. [Laughter.]
I The amendmentof Mr. Bayard was rejected.
The question recurred on the resolution as mod-
ified.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
l yeas 26, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs'. Adams, Allen, Atchison, Badger, Bay-
ard, Brodhead, Clay, Clajton, Dawson, livanf-, Fessenden,
G^yer, Gvvm. Hanjlm, Johnson, Jonei of fovva, Jones of
Tennessee, Maliory, Pratt, Sebastian, SlirfeM, Sumner,
Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Wad* , and Wel'er—96.
NAYS—Messrs, Brown, Cass, Chase, Douglas, Fhz-
patrick, Foot, <iilletH\ JImiter,Mason,Noiris,Pettit,{tusk,
Seward, Shields, Stuart, Toucey, and Walker—17.
So the resolution was adopted, as follows:
j Resolved, (the House concurring,) That the President of
j the Senate, and thp Speaker of the House of Rppresenta-
| tivef, adjourn their respective floiHes on the first Monday
1 m July, until the third Monday of October next,
i Ordered, That the Secretary request the concurrence of
1 the House of Representative 8 therein. *
i SCHOOL SECTIONS IN ALABAMA,
i Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, as we are likely
to adjourn very soon, I apprehend that local
measures will all be given the go-by at this ses-
sion, unjess we can act upon them very soon. I
hope, therefore, the Senate will indulge me in
taking up the House bill " to authorize the selec-
tion of school districts, in lieu of the sixteenth
sections, within the twelve mile square reserva-
tion, State of Alabama," which has been reported
withoutamendmentfrom the Committeeon Public
Lands, and which, I presume, will incur no oppo-
sition whatever.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
j Mr. CLAY. I will state to the Senate, that this
j was an Indian reservation, and hence the people
' within those twelve miles square were excluded
from the benefits of that portion of the act, ad-
mitting the State of Alabama into the Union, which
granted the sixteenth sections to the inhabitants of
each township, for the benefit of common schools.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
THE SENATE DEBATES.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish to give notice that I
shall to-morrow call up, and ask the Senate to
consider, the motion to reconsider the resolution
in regard to the reporting of the debates. It is im-
