1840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 80,
portant to that branch of the service that the mat- !
ter should be disposed of as quickly as possible, ,
bo ihut the reporter and printerof* the debates may
know what js to be done, in order that he may
provide menus to carry out the will of the Senate. 1
i will cull tip the motion to reconsider to-morrow. 1
MEETINGS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to give nop'ce that
1 wul to-moriow bring in ihe bill to winch 1 have
referred, to fix the annua! meeting of Congiess ;
hereafter on the first Monday in October. i
WILLIAM BUTLER. ]
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I ask leave to with- :
draw from the table of the Senate the adverse re- :
port of the Committee on Pensions in the case of ;
William Butler. He believes he lias sufficient ]
testimony to authorize the allowance of the claim i
at the Pension Bureau, and the ComrnisMoner of I
Pension* thinks it is j t<>I>af Ie he has. The object
l? to refer the matter to the Commissioner of Fen- !
sions. |
There being no objection, it was so ordered. j
INDIGENT 11\ S ANE BILL VETO. ;
On the nioLion of Mr. WALKER, tlie Senate ;
resumed the reconside-wtion of the bill making a !
grant of land to the several States of the Union I
tor the benefit of indigent insane persons, which [
had been returned by (he President of the United
Si stes, with his objections.
Tne PK KSI DING OFFICER, [Mr. Weli.eh.] |
The question is, "Shall the bill pass, the Presi- ,
deii(.'«ol.jerftoiiH to the contrary notwithstanding?" j
The Secretary will call theioll. i
The Secrctaiy commenced the call, and Mr. I
Apams aiifiwered " nay."
Ivi.. GAS'S. 1 wish to make a short speech be- 1
foi e the vuie is tal en.
Several Hlnators. If is too late, a Senator
has voied ;
Mr. ADAMS. 1 withdraw my vote. !
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator |
from Michigan cannot proceed, except liy unani- ■
mous consent The Senator* from IV! ississippi
has answeied  j
Air. AD WIS I withdraw my vote. !
The PR ESI DIN G OFFICER If theiebe no I
objuM ion, i he calling of the toll will not be pro-
ceeded with, and will be considered as not having'
been commenced.
Scveial Senators. No objection. i
iVlr. CASS. 1 did not Know this question ;
would come up to day. 1 thought there were j
other matter* to be called up. !
Mr WALKER. The Senate having fixed a
day foj us to get through business, 1 mean, when-
evct t can get an oppoitumty, to make nioiions
to take up the busmes.-i winch wc have talked
about.
Mr. CASS. I hope this subject will be post- 1
poned. We expect to adjourn over to-morrow. '
besides, { undeistood the honoiable Senator from
Caliiornid [Mr. Gwint,) had a lull which lie wished :
us to consider to-day or to morrow. Therefore, 1
I h..ve not come prepaied to speak to-day on this
question. .
Mi. BADGER. Then 1 move to postpone the ,
further consulerution of this subject until to-mor-
row.
Mr C \SS. The vote cannot be taken to-day.
Half a dozen gentlemen wish to speak.
Mr. G W1 i*ST. Some on# else can go on to-day.
Perhaps the Senator from Vnginin [Mr. Hunter,] .
is i eadv.
Mr. BADGER. Does the Senator from Vir-
ginia wish to £o on to-dayr
Mr. HUNTER. 1 do not wish to go on now.
I have been ensjajjed during the day in the con-
ference on the deficiency bill. But I would go
on now rather than have the vote taken immedi-
ately.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
fro_m Mielrgan is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CASS, i will move an adjournment, if
that be the wish of the Senate.
[" No!" " No!"] ;
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will not
adjourn now. We shall be able to receive the
report or the committee of conference on the defi-
ciency but very soon.
Mr. C A Then 1 move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration ol this subject until Monday
next. |
Mr. HUNTER. I will suggest to the Senator
from Michigan, that if he does not care to speak
to-morrow 1 will go on.
Mr. CASS. Very well. Then I move to post-
pone the further consideration of this bill until to-
morrow
Mr. WALKER. I move toomend the motion
by nddm^, " and that it be the special order for ,
half past twelve o'clock, p. m." ,
Mr. MALLORY. 1 gave notice a short time i
since that one of the members of the Committee j
on Naval Affairs had some amendments to propose i
to the bill for the organization of the Navy; and j
for that reason, ( did not call up the bill this morn- i
mg. I notified the Senate, ho wever, that I should ■
ask the Senate to give me the morning hour to- ;
morrow for the consideration of that bill. I hope,
therefore, the Senator from Wisconsin will modify
his proposition so as to say one o'clock, instead ■
of half past twelve. j
Mr. WALKER. Then I move to amend the i
motion to postpone the pending: bill, by saying !
that it shall be the special order for to-morrow at j
one o'clock. 1
The amendment was adopted; and the motion
as amended was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS THE GENERAL ARM-
STRONG CASE.
Mr. SL1DELL. The Senate appear to be em- ;
baria--sed as to what business to consider. I move 1
that they proceed to the consideration of the bill, ;
for the relief of the claimants of the private armed 1
brig General Armstrong. I think it will not take 1
long. I
Mi. JOHNSON. T wish to ask whether one
o'clock to-morrow has been assigned for the con-
sideration of the veto mess-i«e
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir. !
! Mi. JOHNSON. I give notice, that [ shall re- ,
i sist, with all the power I can, its being taken up, j
until we dispose of the business, which belongs
emphatically to the Senate, and that is our re-
porting.
Mr. SCJMNER. We can take that up at half
I past twelve, and the other atone o'clock,
j Mr. BADLrER I think it is useless to take
i up the bill referred to by the honorable Senator
from Louisiana at this period of the day. It must
' lead to a long discussion, ft is a contested and
complicated case; and surely there can be no idea j
of disposing of it to-day, when it is now two I
o'clock. ■
Mr. SLIDELL. The objection of the honor-
able Senator from North Carolina would amount
to an indefinite postponement of the bill.
Mr. BADGER. Not at all; it can be taken up
to-morrow morning.
1V1 r. SLI DELL. 11 will be impossible to obtain
any one day dniing the session for the discussion i
of the bill ! have found, from experience, that i
it is. idle to attempt to do anything on Fnday, for j
there is seldom a quorum of the Senate here on !
that day. 1 do not think that the bill involves i
any very diHicultor grave questions; and! believe !
we can dispose of it to-day; we can commence it !
at any rate. i
Mr. G WIN. 1 will not object to taking un the '
bill proposed to be taken up by the Senator from
Louisiana, provided I can make an arrangement 1
which I wish to make with that Senator. I ex- 1
pect every moment that we shall receive the report
of the committee of conference on the deficiency
bill; anil if the Senator from Louisiana will agree
i that this bill shall be laid aside when that report
1 comes in, I shall have no objection to takmgit up.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will agree to lay it aside for
that purpose.
Mr. TOOMBS. I would suggest that if we are
to do anything, we had better go on and do the
business of the country, if so, 1 do not know of
arty hill which we could better afford to pass over
than the one which my friend from Louisiana has
moved to take up. It has been before Congress
for twenty or twenty-five years. I believe we
once referred the case to the French Government
for regular arbitration, and they decided against
us. 1 think, therefore, that bill might very well
nfford to he over until we do some of the business
of the country. I do not think it is exactly in
such an attitude as to be pressed on the Senate
under existing" circumstances.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will say to my friend from
; Georgia that it is because this claim has remained
undisposed of for twenty or twenty-five years,
that it should be disposed of now.
Mr. TOOMBS. I did not say it had been un-
disposed of. 1 think it has been disposed of very
effectually.
Mr. SLIDELL. Without the consent of the
claimants, and in fact, against their protestations,
this claim was referred to the arbitrament of Louis
Napoleon. It presents itself here under very pe-
culiar circumstances 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on taking up the bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. I know that, sir; but I am
responding to my friend from Georgia. I under-
stand, however, that the committee of conference
are ready to make their report on the deficiency
bill, and, considering this question to be now be-
fore the Senate for consideration, I will consent
to lay it aside temporarily.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Louisiana withdraw the motion to take
up the bill ?
Mr. SLIDELL. I do not; but I am willing to
let it lay aside for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
must be disposed of before the report of the com-
mittee can be received.
Mr. SLIDELL. I suppose we can pas^ over
it informally, by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly; if
there be no objection, the report of the commit-
tee of conference will be received.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on the disngiecing votea
of the two House* on the hill " to Mipply deth-iciicie-* in
the appiopnations for the service of the fiscal\ear end-
ing ilic 30>h o! June, 185-J," having met, atter full and ike
conference, have agreed to recommend, ami do ltcom-
rnend, to then i elective Houses a> follows :
That tiie rienau: do concur in the amendments of the
Hon-e to the amendments of the Senate numbered 4, 10,
as, 39,43, ami -16.
That the Senate concur with the amendments of the
IJoiw, except the fust amendment io the f>0rii amendment
ol the Sena.fr, with whieh the IIoiw concurs vvilh an
amendment, hj -inkmc out the woidkl tour,5 in line eleven,
and m heu thereof inserting three "
That the Senate lecedelrom it-* amendments numbered
11, 10, 1 L lid, LV>, i2(j, 40, 42, -18. 5->, ami 5,"}.
That the House concur in tiie feenate amendments num-
bered <% and :n.
That the Hoa«e concur in tlie Senate amendment num-
bered 2-1, with the following amendment: Su«ke out all
after the word " for," in the fust line, to and including the
vvoid "• him,*' in the second line, and insert u deficiencies
for the railroad Mirveyn."
That the llou-e concur in the Senate amendment No.
41, with the following amendment: rtirike out all after
the vvoid " dollaiy,'' in line thiee, and nwert, "
That theie he allowed to the legal representatives ot Robert
Greenhow Mich mini, in addition to that received by him,
as, togf ther, wiil make Ins salaiv for the time he wa- em-
ployed as assistant law agent equal to that aiithonzed to
be p,ud to the land commissioners by the act ol Mai eh
1W)3, making appropriations loi the civil and diplomatic
expenses ot the Government foi tlie jear ending the^Oth of
June, 18.">4 "
And that the House concur in the amendment of the
Senate No. ,~> 1. with the followi tig amend men t' Stnkc out
all after the word " liim,'' in the fifteenth line theieof.
R. M T. IITVTKR;
JAM ICS C JONES,
W.YI. M. GW 1IV,
Managers o^< the part of Uic Senate,
JOHN S3 IMIBLPS,
J. LKTUIIRU,
JOS. R, CHANDLER,
Managers on the ]ia> t of (he House.
Mr. IIUNTER. I think I can state, in a
very few words, what has been the result of the
conference. The Senate recede from most of
the amendments to which the House disagreed.
We recede trom the amendment m relation to
the water-works, and fiom the amendment in
relation to the custom-houses and marine hos-
pitals. We recede from the amendment in rela-
tion to the biidgeover the Potomac river. The
House recede from then* disagreement to the
amendment m relation to the Pacific railroad sur-
veys, and agree to that amendment making an
appropriation of ^40,000 to cover those deficien-
cies, of which $>25,U0U are for the Stevens, and
$15,000 for the Whippleexpedition. The House
recede frgiu their disagreement to the amendment
in relation to the compensation of Robert Green-
how, with an amendment, which has been read.
The House also recede from their disagreement
to the amendment in regard to the printing, with
an amendment. The committee of conference
agree to the first portion of that amendment,
