ego
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
Mr. COBB. I desire to submit a report from
the Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot do so
pending the motion to adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I presume, Mr.
Speaker, that every gentleman wants the Nebraska
bill taken up for consideration or reference.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending
that the House adjourn, and discussion is not in
order.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Whereupon, (at three o'clock and twenty-five
minutes, p. m.,) the House adjourned until to-
morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 15, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henhy Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of inhab-
itants of Lancaster, Massachusetts, praying a re-
duction of the rates of ocean postage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, a remonstrance signed by 1,366 women,
resident at Pall River, Massachusetts; a remon-
strance from "women of Westborough, Massa-
chusetts; a remonstrance from citizens of Law-
rence, Massachusetts; and a remonstrance from
citizens of Indiana, against the passage of any act
for the organization of the Territory of Nebraska
without a provision for the prohibition of slavery
therein; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FOOT presented a resolution adopted at
the annual March meeting of freemen of More-
town, Vermont, against the repeal of the Missouri
compromise; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Greenpoint.New York, praying that the public
lands may be granted, in limited quantities, to
actual settlers; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Also, the petition of John J. Harrison and others,
remonstrating against the passage of the Nebraska
bill in its present form; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. BROWN presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Mississippi, praying the establish-
ment of a mail route by land from Jackson direct
to the counties on the sea-coast; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a peti-
tion of citizens of Green Bay, Wisconsin, pray-
ing that measures may be taken to secure reli-
gious liberty to American citizens residing or
traveling in foreign countries; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of J. Bal-
estier, praying remuneration for certain expenses
incurred while special agent of the United States
to southeastern Asia; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CASS presented a memorial of citizens of
New York, praying that measures may be taken
to secure religious liberty to American citizens re-
siding or traveling in foreign countries; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign RelafWns.
Also, three petitions of citizens of Virginia,
- praying that measures may be taken to secure the
rights of religious liberty to American citizens re-
siding or traveling in foreign countries; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred bills from the House of
Representatives for the relief of James F. Green,
of Pennsylvania, and for the relief ofLemuel Hud-
son, reported them back without amendment, and
recommended their passage.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William Miller, pray-
ing a pension, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for his relief; which was read, and passed
to a second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives for the relief of George S. Claffin, re-
ported adversely thereon. •
TERRITORIAL DISTRICT ATTORNEYS.
Mr. PETTIT, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill to regulate the
fees and compensation of the district attorneys in
the courts of the United States for the Territories
of Minnesota, New Mexico, and Utah, reported
the same back without amendment, recommended
its passage, and asked for its immediate consider-
ation. .
The Senate, as in Committee of the W hole, ac-
cordingly proceeded to consider the bill. It pro-
poses to allow the district attorneys named the
same fees and compensation as are now allowed
by law to the same officers in Oregon.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read a third time, and
COHASSET ROCKS LIGHT-HOUSE.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives, " authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and Light-House Board to determine upon the
site, plan,and modeof constructing the light-house
on Cohasset rocks, and for other purposes," was
read a first and second time.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, that resolu-
tion has not been referred to the Committee on
Commerce, but still they have investigated the
subject; and I am directed by the committee to
ask for the consideration of the resolution at this
time. I will state, in a very few words, the rea-
sons why it is necessary that it should be passed.
By the law of 1852, an appropriation of §40,000
was made for the erection of a light-house on
Minot's Ledge, on such plan as should be ap-
proved by the Topographical Bureau. By the act
of 1853, an additional survey was directed to be
made. The second survey has been made, and
an inner and different rock has been recommended.
This joint resolution now proposes to submit the
whole question to the Light House Board whether
the light-house shall be on the inner or the outer
rock." It is to takeaway all restrictions, and leave
the Light-House Board to determine on which it
shall be erected, there being two conflicting reports.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution,
as in Committee of the Whole; and no amend-
ment being proposed, it was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment. It was ordered to a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
PORTS OF ENTRY.
Mr. STUART offered the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Rciolml, Tliat tlie Committee on Commerce be in-
structt'd to impure intothe expediency ot establishing ports
of entry upon Lake Superior witlun the State of Michigan.
ARMY RETIRED LIST-
Mr. SHIELDS. The bill to promote the effi-
ciency of the Army by retiring disabled officers,
was on its final passage a few days ago, but was
not disposed of by the Senate for want of a quorum,
and has been lying on the table ever since. I feel
anxious to have lTpassed as soon as possible, and
1 hope the Senate will take it up now and dispose
of it. The yeas and nays were ordered, and were
being taken upon it, when it was discovered that
there was no quorum; but I hope the call for the
yeas and nays may be withdrawn, so as to allow
the bill to be passed now. It was ordered to a
third reading without objection, I believe, and
would have been passed then immediately, but
that I wished to have it engrossed before its pas-
sage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nonius
in the chair.) I understand that the yeas and
nays have been ordered on the passage of that bill
Mr. SHIELDS. I apprehend there is not a
quorum present, and therefore I should like to
have the call withdrawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It cannot be
■withdrawn if there is not a quorum present.
Mr. SHIELDS. Not by unanimous consent?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir.
Mr. PETTIT. I wish to record my vote against
the bill. .
Mr. ADAMS. If unanimous consent cannot
authorize the passage of a law when a quorum is
not present, it certainly cannot authorize the
withdrawal of a call for the yeas and nays, par-
ticularly after they have been ordered.
Mr. SHIELDS." Very well, let ihe question
be taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, shall the bill " to promote the efficiency of the
Army by retiring disabled officers" pass?
The question being taken by yeas and nays;
resulted—yeas 25, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Cass,
Dod?e of Wisconsin, Douglas, I'v.ins, Everett, Frsh, Fitz-
patrick, Foot, Geyer, Gvvin, Johnson, Mason, Pearee,
Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Slidell, Stuart, Toucey,
and Williams—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Chase. Clay, Dodye of Iowa,
Hamlin, Worris, Pettit, Sumner, Wade, and Walker—10.
So me bill was passed.
^ VERMONT SENATORS HIP.
The Senate, at half-past twelve o'clock, pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the resolution re-
ported by the Committee on the Judiciary respect-
ing the right of the Hon. S. S. Phelps to a seat
in the Senate.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, at this stage of the
debate, and especially after the able speech of the
honorable Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Pettit,}
who opened this discussion, and after the very able
and elaborate speech of my colleague in vindica-
tion of his right to a seat here,and in full response
to all the points which have thus far been urged
against his right, it will hardly be expected of me
that I should attempt more than a sort of general
summary or recapitulation of the argument, or
some portions of it, upon the affirmative side of the
proposition before us. Anticipating thatthisques-
tion would come before the Senate, I took occa-
sion, m the early part of the session, to examine
the subject with some degree of care. I looked
through all the precedents, and read the debates
upon the several cases, so far as they have been
reported and published. The result of that exam-
ination was a confirmed conviction that my col-
league was entitled to his seat; that my State was
entitled to his services here as one of her Senators.
I expressed that opinion to many of my associ-
ates of the Senate. Occupying the position I do;
representing the State most directly interested ill
the result of this question, 1 deem it not out of
place, although it may be unavailing, to express
to the Senate the general views I entertain upon
the question before us, and which have led to the
conclusion at which my own judgment has arrived.
I need not say that the question raised in this
case, aside from its general bearing and import-
ance, is one of immediate and special interest to
the State I represent. An adverse decision leaves
the State without its full and equal suffrage in the
Senate of the United States, at least during its
present session, as a regular session of the Legis-
lature of Vermont does not again convene until
the second Thursday of October next. The ques-
tion is one of construction, not an issue of fact.
Its decision is entirely dependent upon the con-
struction of a constitutional provision as applica-
ble to the state of facts existing in the case pre-
sented—facts about which there can be no con- ,
troversy, as they are all of public record and of
public notoriety, of which the Senate will take
notice, and act upon judicially without proof
aliunde.
The circumstances of the case, and out of which
the question arises, are briefly these. The Hon.
William Upham a Senator, fromVermont, died in
the month of January, at the last session of Con-
gress, and during the recess of the Legislature of
that State, leaving vacant the residue of his con-
stitutional term, which runs to the fourth day of
March, A. D. 1855. Congress being then in ses-
sion, the Governor of the State, in the exercise of
his constitutional power and duty, immediately
made a " temporary appointment" of a Senator to
the seat which had been thus providentially vaca-
ted. That appointment was conferred upon the
eminent citizen whose right to the seat is now in
question; who was thereupon sworn and admitted
to a seat upon this floor, which he occupied during
the remainder of that session, and during the _
called Executive session of the present Senate
which immediately followed. Since that time the
regular annual session of the Vermont Legislature
has been held, having convened agreeably to the
requirement of the State constitution on the sec-
ond Thursday of October last, and adjourned on
the seventh day of the succeeding month of De-
