2198
THE CONGKESSi03?fAL GLOBE.
August S 
ing .troops and supplies from point to point. I am
■Witling to take them. I do not desire you to vio-
late the rights of any of these parties; but when
the fact stares me in the face, that I can get a
weekly "mail for $500,000, I prefer that to a semi-
monthly mail at $835,000.
Mr. MALLORY. - '
Allow me to ask my friend
from California a question. How many of these
steamers,under the abrogation of these contracts,
shall we have to take? What is the number?
Mr. WELLER. I really cannot answer that
stion, but I suppose it would be some seven or
lr; HUNTER. I will ask the Senator from
California, if he does not think it would be prac-
ticable to get the new contractors to take these
steamers at valuation ?
Mr. WELLER. I have no doubt they would
take them at their actual value for naval purposes.
Anybody will take them at that price. But they
are more valuable for the transport of passengers,
of course, than for naval purposes. There is not
the least doubt in the world about the right of the
Government to abrogate the contract upon the
conditions specified in the original law; and it is,
therefore, purely a question of expediency. I
think, now, the Federal Government can take
these vessels without any loss or danger. They
can sell them for whatever they are appraised at,
and give California a weekly mail for $500,000.
Mr. SEWARD. This contract expires, I
think, in 1858, and there will be another session
of Congress on the first Monday of December
next. Now, I hold, in the first place, in regard to
the contract for the steamers between New York
and Liverpool, that nothing can be plainer than
that Congress has not the power to interfere with
that contract at all at the present session. The
language is explicit. It is a contract entered into
between the Government by the passage of the
act of 1852, and the carriers of these mails; and
the contract contains this proviso: " That it shall
be in the power of Congress, at any time after the
31st day of December, 1854, to terminate the ar-
rangement for the additional allowance herein pro-
vided for, upon giving six months' notice." That
must be six months' notice given after the 31st of
December.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator will allow me
to say, that 1 said nothing in regard to the Collins
line of steamships, not because I deny the right
of the Government now to pass a law on the sub-
ject, but it would be exceedingly inconvenient to
anticipate; and it is always folly, in my judg-
ment, to decide a question until the necessity
arises; and Congress will be in session again be-
fore the time fixed by the original contract will
have arrived.
Mr. STUART. The question is on striking
out the third section.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not cure to address my-
self to that question.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, when the
subject of increased compensation to the Collins
line of steamers was before us, you will recollect
that one of the main arguments brought in support
of that additional compensation was the eligibility
and fitness of those vessels for naval purposes. I
had the honor then to state my own views on that
subject to the Senate; and I predicted that when
these vessels should be perfectly worthless and
worn out, they would be sold to the Government,
or an attempt mad.e to sell them. I said, then,
that they were never fit for naval purposes, if by
that term was meant fighting the battles of the
country on the high seas. They are only fit, as
has been remarked by the Senator from California,
for transports, to do the duty of transports. We
all know that after one of these immense steamers
has been used for a short time, the expense of
repairing her increases m an increased ratio with
her age; and-these vessels now, if transferred to
the United States, would be worth no more than the
material and the engine would sell for. As for
naval purposes, or any other purposes of nation-
ality, they would be a perfect drug on the hands '
of the Government, entirely useless.
Why, sir, the British Government-, no longer
ago than last year, having some of the finest
paddle-wheel stealers afloat, in its navy, called
together a board, composed of naval officers and
civilians, and, after a most mature and thorough ex-
amination, condemned them all fomaval purposes.
Such steamers cannot be used in any respect
except as transports, in time of war; and unless
we could employ steamers of this kind as trans-
ports, we should have no use for them. We have
on hand, at this moment, steamers which are
useless to us, which cost hundreds of thousands
of dollars. The Princeton, at Philadelphia, is
perfectly useless; and I could mention others. I
trust no law will be passed here which will
sanction the Government taking these immense
steamers after they have been half worn out, on
any terms whatever.
The Senator from California says we should
only be compelled to take them at the price at
which they would be appraised as their value for
naval purposes. Now, who are to be the ap-
praisers? The Government'stands on one side,
and on the other stand individuals. 1 ask you
when it was ever known in this country that there
was an appraisement of the fairvalueof anything
when the Government was a party? There has
been no such thing m the world. The Govern-
ment has no use for these vessels at all. No mat-
ter what they might be appraised at, they would
be worth no more to the Government than the
material and the engine.
Mr. SEWARD. Thediscussion goesonupon
both branches of the subject; and I may as well
now say a few words in regard to the Collins line.
1 will detain the Senate only a very few minutes.
Mr. STUART. Suppose we take the vote first
on this amendment?
Mr. SEWARD. Both questions are being dis-
cussed by others. Sir, the Collins line of steam-
ers has done all that it was promised it should do
in regard to giving an increased amount of post-
ages for the benefit of the Government. The in-
crease for the year 1853 over the year 1852, ac-
cording to the report of the Postmaster General,
was thirty-four per cent. In 1852 the amount of
postages received from this line was §339,164. In
1853 it had risen to $46*9,804. Assuming this per-
centage of increase to be the criterion, the postage
for the present year—1854—will be f650,000, and
for 1855 it will be$901,056—exceeding the amount
of annual appropriations required by the contract.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator from New
York say that the receipts from the Collins line
exceed the sum annually paid to them ?
Mr. SE WARD. That they will, next year, at
the same rate. The increase was thirty-four per
centum last year; and, assuming that for this year,
it will amount to $650,000, and next year
$901,000, exceeding the appropriation. The in-
crease of postage on the Cunard line duriBg the
same period has been at the rate of twenty-nine
per centum. Ours, by the Collins, is at the rate
of thirty-four per centum. The postages by the
Cunard line m" 185a were over $658,000, in 1853,
$845,553, which is about the amount of our pres-
ent appropriation for the Collins line. Now,
allowing the British postages to increase at twenty-
nine per centum for this year and the next, the
result will be, that for 1854 the postages by the
Cunard line will amount to $1,090,000, and in
1855 to $1,407,000. In this we participate with
the British Government by treaty; but if the Col-
lins line be withdrawn, the treaty will be termi-
nated. The line will be withdrawn whenever we
give the notice to Mr. Collins. Then what will
Ge lost to us will be our share of what will go as
the postages on the whole communications be-
tween Liverpool and New York; and upon the
basis of the estimates which I had given, it will
be this: The Collins postage which we shall lose
for 1854, or which will go to the British Govern-
ment, will be $650,578; and for 1855, $901,069.
The British postage in 1854 will be $1,090,000,
and in 1855, $1,407,000. Total in two years,
$4,049,000 of postage both ways upon correspond-
ence between Europe and this country by both
lines, which will be earned and enjoyed by the
British. 1 leave the subject with these remarks,
assured that there is no necessity for troubling
the Senate further.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Florida has
referred to his vote on increased compensation to
the Collins line. He says he voted against it, and,
at the time, made various predictions. I voted for
it, and 1 have never regretted that vote from that
day to this. The Senator from Florida talks about
the ships being worn out. Why, sir, they are
new enough and staunch enough to run around
ten times any steamship in the United States
Navy; and my honest conviction is, that in time
of wakjpe of these steamers, -with a single gun,
could ®mp any steamship in our Navy. Of
course, the gun should be a big one. A ship which
can run fifteen or seventeen miles an hour is not
in much danger from those making six, eight, or
nine knots an hour, and that is the rate of our ves-
sels in the Navy. 1 look upon the Collins steamers
as an honor to the nation; and so long as I am
here, I shall sustain them. Instead of being worn
out, I regard them as in fine condition for tne ser-
vice of carrying the mails. I do not wish the-
Government of the United States to take them at
all. I agree with the Senator as to that, and we
shall probably vote together on that point. But
I am decidedly of opinion that the notice proposed
to be given in the first section of this bill is unlaw-
ful, and ought not be given.
Mr. HUNTER. The provision of law in re-
gard teethe Collins steamers is:
" Tt shaJl be in the power of Congress, at any time after
the 31st day of December,1854, to terminate the arrangemens
for the additional allowance herein providedfor, upon giving
six months' notice.
It only requires that the arrangement shall not
be terminated until after the 31st day of December;
but I apprehend it may be terminated on any day
after the 31st of December, if six months' notice
be given previously. There is a difference of
opinion in regard to that. I do not think the pro-
vision of the law as to the 31st of December ap-
plies to the notice, but to the time within which
the arrangement may be terminated. See, sir,
the arrangement of the language: "Provided, That
it shall be in the power of Congress, at any time
after the Slst day of December, 1854"—to do
what? To give notice? No, sir, but to " termi-
nate the arrangement for the"additional allowance
herein provided for."
Mr. RUSK. How terminate it?
Mr. HUNTER. " Upon giving six months'
notice." We may give the notice before the lime
in order to terminate the arrangement afterwards.
I have no doubt Congress may give the notice
beforehand, provided they do not terminate the
arrangement until that day.
Now, sir, in regard to the expediency of termi-
nating that arrangement. The Senatoi from New
York tells us all the predictions of its friends have
been verified in regard to it. I think not. I think
it was predicted, at the time Congress made the
allowance, that we were to be repaid in the post-
ages, and I know at that time there were some
very fallacious statements made in regard to the
returns from the Collins line; for they added to the
actual receipts from the Collins line, which ought
to fee confined to the ocean postage, the inland
postage after the letters reached here. I do not
know how far the statistics of the Senator from
New York (for I have not time to examine them
now) would bear him out in his statements. Cer-
tain it is that the Collins line has never, as yet,
paid, and does not now pay, the sums we are
giving it. But suppose it did, it is a service which
either will, or will not pay. If it does not pay, we
ought not to be lavishing money upon a partic-
ular petted scheme. If it will pay, let us throw it
open to free competition, and we shall find enough
who will be ready to undertake the service. But,
sir, I only rose to say that, so far as the legal au-
thority is concerned, it seems to me that we have
the right now to give the notice, provided we do
not terminate the arrangement until after the 31st
day of December next.
Mr. STUART. 1 did not propose to say any-
thing upon this question until it should be prop-
erly before the Senate. The amendment now
pending is to strike out the third section, and 1 have
always seen that to discuss a question before it is
properly under the consideration of the Senate,
only amounts to a double discussion, for it will
be discussed just as much when it is legitimately
before the Senate. But, sir, as that has seemed
to be the course of the debate, I wish to state, in
a few words, why I cannot vote for the provision
in the first section, requiring notice to be given to
the Collins line of steamers. In respect to the
measure before the Senate, the third section of
this bill, 1 have not sufficient knowledge to enable
me to discuss it.
As to the provision forgiving notice to the Col-
lins line of steamers, 1 do not believe that if it
were a question between individuals, there would
be any two opinions about it. Congress is em-
powered by law to terminate the contract. How i
