2200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 8,
V
notice that we desire to stop the arrangement:"
That is.the stipulation of the law, as I read it.
I will riot say that it is free from doubt, I will not
say that another construction cannot be put upon
it; but I say that I believe this is its natural and
legal construction. If it be so, you are violating
the faith of the country when you give the notice
before the3Ist of December. On a question of that
kind I think the Senate should pause.
The other ground on which I am in favor of
the amendment is, that even if you have the right,
without preach of faith, to give this notice, it is,
I'-think, at least of questionable propriety. 1 mean
to' a&k for the yeas and nays on this question, at all
events;' for ,1 think hereafter gentlemen will re-
gret if, by their votes, they destroy this Collins
line; because, in destroying it, you must throw
the entire postal communication between this
country and Europe into the hands of Great Brit-
ain. It is vain for gentlemen to talk about free
trade, and about opening the carrying of these
mails to competition, when the British Govern-
ment is paying $900,000 a year to the Cunard line.
It ia impossible thatany'fine of steamers, of equal
power and capacity, can be got up against them
while the British Government are in the arena,
and paying money to sustain them. It cannot be
expected. Then, as a matter of course, if you
establish an inferior lme, and give the carrying of
your mails to that, they will carry no letters at all,
because people will send their communications by
the fastest line, and you will receive nothing.
There has been an evident increase of the receipts
from postages on this line, a regular and pro-
gressive increase, since its first establishment; and
if you let'it alone during the term of the contract,
the probability is that,beforethecontractexpires,
the receipts from postage will pay the expense'of
your appropriation for this line.
In addition to that, it certainly has reflected
great credit on the character of our country as a
commercial people. We have a number of naval
steamers, and there is no one of them which has
gone to sea that has got been obliged to put back
and be placed in order directly. These vessels
have been unexcelled by any that we have known
for speed and for safety. Take the statement,
either of an American captain, of well-known
reputation—Commander Lynch—or take the state-
ment of a British captain of high reputation—their
equals as sea-going steamers are not to be found
in the world._ I think their authority is tolerably
strong. I think, at least without some strong evi-
dence, we should not withdraw the compensation
which we have allowed to this line, on the faith of
which those valuable vessels were built, particu-
larly when it will necessarily result in putting an
end to the line; for it is impossible to run it at the
expenditure at which it is ran, without the com-
pensation which Congress allows, when the Brit-
ish Government is paying more than that sum to
an opposite line of steamers.
A great deal more might be said on this subject,
but I will not detain the Senate, 1 hope the amend-
ment will prevail. I have no feeling in reference
to this, or any other of these lines, but a feeling of
national pride, and X confess I have that strongly.
I think this line has reflected great credit and honor
on the country. Gentlemen may destroy it here,
but they will live afterwards to regret it. I shall
ask for the yeas and nays on the amendment.
_ Mr. WELLER. I think the proviso in theact
in reference to the Collins line of steamers was
intended to read in this wise, imd [ will state it as
I think it was intended to readj m order to show
what I consider to be the true meaning; of the act.
By transposing- a few words, it reads thus: "Pro-
Vided, That it shall be in the power of Congress,
at any time after the 31st day of December, 1854,
upon giving six months' notice, to terminate the
arrangement for the additional allowance herein
provided for." That, I think, is the true intent
and meaning of this proviso of the act of 1852,
that the six months' notice should commence from
and after the 31st day of December. It is true
yon have the power, if you choose, to legislate on
the subject; but the six months will not commence
until the 31st of December next, and on the 1st of
December, when Congress meets, it will be in the
PuZer?u^Co.nSresst? abrogate that provision. We
shall, therefore, gam nothing by giving notice
now, if the construction which I have given to
the law be the correct one, and I think no lawyer
can put any other construction upon it.
Mr. SEWARD. It is very clear the termina-
tion of the arrangement and the giving of six
months' notice are all to be after the 31st of De-
cember.
Mr, WELLER. The 31st day of December
is the day fixed on which you will determine
whether to give six months' notice.
Mr. SEWARD. That day, or afterwards.
Mr. WELLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. RUSK. The proviso in the act of 1852 is:
"Provided, That it shall be in the power of Con-
gress, at any time after the 31st day of Decem-
ber, 1854, to terminate the arrangement herein
provided for, upon giving six months' notice."
Now, I ask the attention of the honorable Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Adams] to this matter, be-
cause 1 know he is a good lawyer, and he has
been,a judge. The proviso is " that it shall be in
the power of Congress, at any time after the 31st
day of December, 1854." It is in the power of
Congress to do something after that day. Now,
is it consistent with any legal or fair construction
to say, that it is in the power of Congress to do it
before that day arrives ? Sir, it is as plain as the
nose upon a man's face; and if I felt no pride
over this line, I should certainly feel a pride in the
reputation of Congress on this subject, and I
should not wish to go directly in the teeth of our
own enactment. The provision is expressly that
it shall be in the power of Congress to give the
notice after the 31st of December, 1854. Now, it
is proposed that Congress shall exercise a power
on the 3d day of August, 1854, which they have
declared they will not exercise until December,
1854. That is the whole matter.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, I have no
doubt that Congress can give the notice now.
The language of the act read by the Senator from
Texas is merely directory. The object was that
the notice should not take effect before the 31st
day of December, and that six months should be
given for that before the service should be stopped.
The language of the act is merely declaratory.
What harm is done to the Collins line by giving
this notice now? The construction put upon the
latter part of it by the Senator from California is
undoubtedly correct. It will be six months from
that time before the service will stop. The object
was to secure them a certain length of time, and
it is just as well secured by giving the notice now
as it would be by giving it after the 31st day of
December next. The language of the act is mere-
ly directory. It is not obligatory upon Congress
at all to wait until that time, and give the notice
afterwards. It may do it at any time.
Mr. CHASE, f should vote very cheerfully
to retain this section as it stands, if I were not
persuaded that the construction placed by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cooper] upon the
language of the law is not the true one. The con-
tract between the Collins line and the Govern-
ment, as it now stands, is evidently this: that they
shall have an opportunity to run their boats, and
exhibit the benefits of their line until the 31st of De-
cember; but after that time, it shall be in the power
of Congress, if they see fit, to terminate the con-
tract upon giving them six months'notice. Until
that time, in my judgment, Congress ought not,
in good faith, to act upon it, inasmuch as up to
that time the line is to have the opportunity to
display the benefits of the contract to the country,
and thus bring to bear upon Congress all the rea-
sons growing out of such exhibition in favor of
the continuance of the contract. Before that time
it would not be fair to give the notice.
Mr. ADAMS. I shall not detain the Senate.
Congress shall give notice. What is meant by
that? That the individual members of Congress
shall give the notice? Or that Congress shall
pass a resolution declaring that this contract shall
cease? Or does the doctrine obtain that whatever
Congress does by its authorized agent it does by
itself? What is contemplated by this? That
Congress shall give the notice in any other than
the ordinary mode? Or does it not mean that it
shall give the notice through its own selected
channel ? Of course that was what was contem-
plated. Then this bill provides, that after the
time fixed in the contract, the Secretary shall give
the notice. Congress does that act, and does it
after the time authorized in the contract, to give
the notice. It is contended, however, upon the
other side, that Congress cannot pass the neces-
sary resolution to give the notice until after the
expiration of the time. Take the case of two
indivi<#8als. A and B make a contract. One of
the parties reserves to himself the right to abrogate
it by giving a certain notice. Is it necessary that
he should give it in person? Of course not. He
can authorize another to do it; and whatever he
does by an agentproperly authorized, he does by
himself. He makes up his mind, determines,
and gives a letter of authority to his agent to give
the notice, after the expiration of the time, but
gives the letter prior to the time." Would it be
said, when the agent gives the notice, you have
no authority to give it because your letter of
authority is dated prior to the time at which the
notice was to be served? May the party not
anticipate and give the direction to his agent be-
fore the time? And would not the giving of the
notice by his agent be his own act? Now, if we
provide, as is proposed to be done by this bill, to
give the notice at the time authorized by the con-
tract for it to be given, and the agent appointed by
the Government does it by that time, is it not, to
all legal intents and purposes, done by Congress
withm the terms of the contract? To my mind it
is clear. There is no violation of the faith of the
Government in it. There is no violation of any
contract made with this party. If the Govern-
ment should always be as faithful in its contracts
as it will be in this, no Senator would have any
good ground to blush at what Congress may do
in any of its transactions.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, it seems to me
that there is amisunderstandingon the the part of
Senators, or at least that we do not exactly under-
stand each other. It is clear to me that it would be
a violation of faith to give this notice now. That
does not touch the question whether the notice
would not be valid. 1 do not deny that its validity,
as between individuals, might be carried out; but
you must look at this transaction as it occurred.
The Congress of the United States have to decide
for themselves whether these steamers would jus-
tify the public expenditure of the additional sum
allowed by the remuneration of the postages. If
the argument on the other side were true, it would
not be a breach of faith on the part of Congress,
(when they passed the law, saying to these parties,
we will give you so much additional until Decem-
ber 31, 1854, and after that, unless on six months*
notice we determine it,) if they gave the notice
before the 31st of December. Then, of course,
they might have given the notice immediately
after the day on which the law was passed. Sir,
the effect of passing the provision in this bill will be,
that Congress will not hold to their own determin-
ation that they would give to these parties a pe-
riod of time to show what would be the remuner-
ation to the Government, before they, Congress,
would determine upon the question of the notice.
That is the want of faith. If you pass this now,
it is imperative; the notice must be given; you
now, five months before the time expires, when
they might show you that the postages accumu-
lating would be sufficient to meet the expenditure,
authorize the notice to be given. Is not that a
breach of faith ? Unquestionably it is, in my judg-
ment, a breach of faith unworthy of a great nation,
whether the power exists or not.
Mr. RUSK. The honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Adams,] for whose intellectual acu-
men I have a very high respect, involves himself
in this matter. He asks me, if we are expected
to go and give this notice ourselves? Nobody
ever supposed that we were. He asks if the no-
tice is given by a constituted agent of the Govern-
ment, whether it is not sufficient? Nobody will
dispute that either; but who is to give this notice?
Can the Secretary of the Navy or any agent of
the Government, of his own motion, give any
notice ? I apprehend the Senator will not pretend
that he can. He must derive his authority from
an act of Congress. It is a power reserved to Con-
gress in the contract. It is a power which they
reserve to themselves the right to exercise. They,
therefore, are the parties, in reality, who give the
notice by whatever hands they may choose to
serve it on the parties. When does their power
to give that notice begin .*■ The act of Congress
says, " Provided, That it shall be in the power of
Congress," &c. When? Now? Then, sir, you
change the language, and there is no court in
Christendom which, between two individuals,
would force such a construction upon any such
' That it shall be in the power of Con-
