1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8801
gress, at any time after the 31st day of December,
1854, to terminate the arrangement for the addi-
tional allowance herein provided for"—upon a
condition. Congress has no power to touch the
arrangement until after the last day of December,
1854; and then the condition is upon giving six
months' notice afterwards. if|frere is any mean-
ing in the English language, or if I have the slight-
est capacity to understand it, it is as clear as the
noonday sun, that such is the reading of the law,
and neither the Senator from Mississippi, nor the
Senator from Pennsylvania, sitting in a court of
justice, in a case between individuals, would place
any other construction upon it.
Mr. GEYER. I shall probably vote with the
Senator from Texas [Mr. Rusk] for striking out
this clause; but 1 shall not do it, because I think
the act, as it now stands, requires the notice to be
given after the 31st of December. I cannot con-
cur with him in his interpretation of the act of
April, 1852. 1 do not intend to occupy much
time; but 1 will refer, to show the rule of inter-
pretation, to an act of Congress passed in 1807.
The ninth section of the first article of the Con-
stitution provides:
" The migration or importation of such persons as any
of the States now existing shall think proper to admit, shall
not be prohibited by the Congress prior to the year 1808."
On the 2d of March, 1807, Congress passed an
act, the first section of which provides:
" That from and after the 1st day of January, 1808, it shall
not be lawtu! to import or bring into the United States, or
the Territories thereof, from any foreign place or country,
anv negio, mulatto, or person of color, with intent to hold,
sell, or dispose of taxd negro, See., as a slave, to be held
to seivice or labor.'1
That is a practical interpretation of words of
the same import as are used in the law to which !
reference is now made. The words of the Con- |
stitution are, " that the migration or importation," \
<&c., "shall not be prohibited by the Congress ,
prior to the year 1808." According to the inter- j
pretation sought to be put upon the act of 1852, if i
the samp words are to have the same interpreta-
tion in the act passed in 1807, Congress could
not have passed the act which they did pass on
the 2d of March, 1807. I suppose that the act
of 1^52 was designed to give to the proprietors of
the Collins line six months' notice after the 31st
day of December, 1854, and that Congress might,
at any time, prescribe prospectively for putting an
end to that contract, but they were required to give !
the notice, and no matter at what time it was 1
given, the line was to have six months after the j
31st day of December, 1854. That is the inter- !
pretation I give to it. I
Mr. SEWARD. It seems to me that if Sena- '
tors will take up this proviso and read it, its mean-
ing willbemamfestmfrxingthetime. " Provided
that it. shall be in the power"—something shall
be in the power of Congress. It shall be in the
power of Congress to do what they can do at a
certain time; and what time is that? Atanytime
after the 31st day of December, 1854. Congress
has power to do this thing at any time after the
31st day of December, 1854.
Mr. WELLER. With six months'notice.
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly; the discontinuance
of the arrangement for the additional allowance
was provided for upon giving six months'notice
after the 31st day of December, 1854.
Mr. DAWSON. Has not Congress the right,
under the law, to terminate the contract by a no-
tice on the 31st day of December ? Is not that one
of the days upon which they can give the notice ?
You admit that. How can Congress, sir, by legis-
lation, give the notice which she has to give pre-
cisely on that day ? Suppose Congress had said
that the President of the United States, in the
same language, shall have the power to give the
notice, could he not have given it on the 31st of
December? No gentleman will deny that. Con-
gress, then, can only act by a declaration made by
both branches; and when she makes that declara-
tion, (it. is immaterial when it is made,) it is legal.
It is contended that we could not pass a bill to
give the notice until after the 31st day of Decem-
ber. If that be true, Congress, then, cannot ex-
ercise the right, under this construction, to give
the notice on the 31st day of December, if they
could not pass the law on that day. Suppose, Mr.
President, that this contract ought to be termirmted
on the 4th day of July, 1655, would it be contended
that Congress had not the light of passing a law to
give that noticeon the4th day of July, 1855, when
• we know that, under the Constitution, we must
adjourn on the 4th of March ? Why, sir, it seems
to me very clear that Congress is not violating the
contract by authorizing the giving of this notice.
She is merely making arrangements to place her-
self in a position to exercise all the rights which
I belong to her under the contiact.
j Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 suppose, as every lawyer
| in the Senate is giving his opinion upon this sub-
! ject, I may be allowed to say one or two words
j upon it. 1 concur thoroughly in the construction
given by the Senators from Delaware and Ohio.
: 1 think they have touched the precise point before
, the Senate. No doubt this act would be legally
I binding if passed now. Take the case which the
j Senator from Texas proposes, of a contract be-
j tween two individuals. Suppose 1 contract with
! a farmer to cultivate my farm, and agree that the
! contract shall last until the 31st of December,
« 1854, after which, 1 may put an end to it by giving
i six months'notice. Unquestionably 1 can instruct
j my agent a year in advance, that when that day
i comes he shall give to the farmer the six months'
! notice. That is what Congress meant here—that
j it could instruct its agent in advance when the time
j comes to give the notice. The notice, therefore,
I as required by this act, would undoubtedly be a
j legal and valid one; but then there lies behind that
j the question suggested by the Senators from Del-
i aware and Ohio. Wouid it be good faith towards
i these contractors to exercise the power now? Is
j that what was anticipated atthe time between the
' contracting parties? Congress reserved the power
j to give this notice at any time after the 31st of
| December, 1854; but was it not the understanding
at the time between Congress and these mail ear-
ners, that the lapse of time up to December 31,
1854, was to be given to them in order that they
might have an opportunity of satisfyingCongress
as to the advantage of making such a contract?
Or in other words, did not Congress imply the
agreement with them, that it would not exercise
that discretion, or make upits mind on the subject
until the 31st of December, 1854, arrived? That
is the point. I think that Congress ought fairly
to observe all contracts of this kind. The con-
tractors have no court of justice to appeal to. W e
ought to carry out our contiacts with the utmost
equity, fairness, and good faith.
Now, although we may have the legol power
to give a valid notice in the way we are now pro-
viding, although it may be perfectly competent
for us legally now to direct our a<*ent when the
time shall come at which we shall be at liberty
to give the notice—to give it, 1 say, there still
remains the question, whether we shall be act-
ing in good faith m doing so, and not giving the
contractors a full opportunity of ^satisfying us
as to what a proper discretion on the subject
will lead to. It is on that ground, I think, we
ought not to pass this. I believe the Senators
from Delaware and Ohio placed the matter in its
true legal aspect, and at the same time pointed
out the equitable rights of the contractors.
On a call for the yeas and nays, no quorum
voted.
Mr. CHASE. I move that tfye Senate take a
recess until eight o'clock. [Mornmg had some
time since dawned.]
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. I understand
the House will soon send over the naval appro-
priation bill. L^t us wait for the message.
Mr. JOHNSON". There is a quorum about
the Chamber. The Sergeant-at-Arms can bring
Senators in.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I appeal to the sense
of justice of the Senate to take up and pass House
bill No. 1, to graduate and reduce the price of
public lands to actual settlers and cultivators.
Mr. HUNTER. That cannot be done until
this bill is disposed of.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. It can by unanimous
consent
Several Senators came in and recorded their
votes, and the result was announced—yeas 17,
nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Mpp*r<. Bayard, Benjamin. Bright, Brodhead.
Cha*e, Foot, Gtyer,Gi)!ette,Gwm, Houston, James*, Rusk,
Sewa'd, Siuan, Thoinbun of .New Jersey, Wade, and
Woller—17
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atehi?on. Brown, Cooper,
Da\v-on. Dodge of Iowa, Douglas-, Fitzp.uilek, Hunter,
.Johnson. Joii"^ of Tennessee, lUaUoiy, Shdeli,
[ and Sumner—15.
i So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I move again to strike out
the third section; and on that 1 ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was rejected—ayes eight; noes
not counted.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and was read a third time, and passed.
HON. JARED "VV. WILLIAMS.
Mr. BROWN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up a House bill for the relief
of J. C. Buckles, of Louisville, Kentucky. It can
be passed in three minutes.
Mr. BAYARD. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. The Committee on the Judiciary yesterday
reported on a question of privilege affecting the right
of a member of this body, [the Hon. Jared w.
Williams] to retain his seat on this floor. That
report is now printed, and in the hands of Sena-
tors. It is ourduty to determine it at this session.
I think that is the first business in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
It is a question of privilege.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 move that the report be
taken up.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I move that the Senate con-
cur in that report. It concludes with a resolu-
tion.
Mr. BUTLER. It does not conclude with a
resolution. It is in response to a resolution of
the Senate. It had better be read It is particu-
larly guarded. The resolution was referred to
the committee, and the report is in response to
that.
Mr. BAYARD. The report concludes as fol-
lows:
In response to the resolution of the Senate, the commit-
tee are of opinion that " the right of representation, under
the appointment," has expired.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the report.
The motion was agreed to.
J. C. BUCKLES.
Mr. BROWN. I now ask the Senate to take
up the bill for the relief of J. C. Buckles, of Lou-
isville, Kentucky.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, preceeded to consider
the bill.  
It proposes to direct the Postmaster General to
pay to J. C. Buckles, out of any money appro-
priated for the transportation of the mails, $3,006.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
SENATE DEBATES.
Mr. BROWN. 1 have a resolution to which I
suppose there will be no objection:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate pay from
thf contingent tund of the Senate, to the proprietors of the
Union, National Intelligencer, and Sentinel, for publish-
ing the debates and proceedings ot the Senate tor the last
and present Congress, up lo the close of the present ses-
sion, at the rate of $4 50 per column : FrondeThat
neither of the said journal!? winch may have already been
paid for any portion of the above seivice shall be again
paid for the same.
Mr. ADAMS. That goes to the Committee on 1^.
Printing. ^
Mr. SL1DELL. I object to it. a
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Bt goes over.
Mr. BROWN. How long?
; The PRESIDING OFFICER. One day.
Mr. BROWN. I have offered it, and f want
, it to come up between now and twelve o'clock to-
! morrow.
j .NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
1 A message was received from the House of
I Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
' announcing that they had agreed to some and dis-
! agreed to other amendments of the Senate to the
bill making appropriations for the naval service
for the "year ending the 30th of June, 1855, and
had agreed to the eighth amendment of the Senate
with an amendment.
Also, that they insisted on their disagreement
to the amendments of the Senate, and on their
amendment to the eighth amendment of the Sen-
| ate, and asked a conference on the disagreeing
! voies of the two Houses, and that they had ap-
j pointed Mr. Phelps, Mr. Parker, and Mr. Bo-
i cock, managers of the same on their part.
