1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
eration of this subject be postponed until to-mor-
row, for the purpose of proceeding to the consider-
ation of Executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
• The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business; and, after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 15, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and appro yed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
for the consideration of the House is the report
from the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRECK.1NR1DG-E. 1 believe that the
chairman of the Cemrtjittee on Public Lands is
willing to give way, in order that the House may,
if it desire to do so, take up the deficiency appro-
priation bill and act upon it. Accoidingly, Mr.
Speaker, I move that the House do now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Chandler in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the deficiency appropriation bill.
f The CHAIRMAN. When the committee was
last in session, it had under consideration the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell,]
to strike out the fifst section of the bill; and on
that question the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Breckinridge] had the floor.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, I
believe that under the rules of the House—1 having
introduced the bill—I am entitled to an hour,
although I now have the floor, to close debate on
it. But as I do not desire to occupy too much
of the time of the committee, I will not now avail
myself of my right to the floor, and will not,
therefore, at present, address thecommittee. By
the resolution which has been adopted, the debate
on this bill is to close in two hours after it is en-
tered on, and some other gentleman may desire to
occupy the attention of the committee on this bill,
or upon any other topic, during that time. After-
wards 1 will make some remarks on the bill itself,
and ! hone the committee will take action upon it.
Mr. BRIDGES discussed the merits of the
Nebraska bill, and noticed some of the objections
which have been urged against it. He cited va-
rious instances in the legislation of Congress since
1820 to prove that the North was justly charge-
able with a direct and palpable violation of the
Missouri compromise, while the South had ad-
hered to it with an undeviating and steady pur-
pose. The Abolitionists, he declared, had steadily
repudiated the principles they first helped to estab-
lish, and for which they now clamored because it
suits their selfish purposes. Inconsistency so
gross could not. he found in the history of legis-
lation. Honorable or dishonorable, they were
determined to force upon Congress their disorgan-
izing efforts, and, if necessary, to dissolve the
Union of these States.
Mr. B. then examined the effect which the com-
promiseof 1850 has had upon the Missouri compro-
mise of 1820, and contended that the former posi-
tively lepeaieil the latter, and was a perfect aban-
donment of the arbitrary distinction established
by the act of 1820, and a resort to the great prin-
ciple of popular sovereignty upon which our Gov-
ernment is based—to wit: the right of the people
to govern themselves.
He then replied to the objection urged against
the bill—that if passed it would do gross injustice
trt the Indians inhabiting the contemplated Terri-
tories, and declared that the bill made the most
ample provision for their protection.
_ He then admitted the right of Congress to de-
cide by law whether slavery shall or shall not
exist m a Territory; but was of the opinion that
such a law could be of very iittie practical force,
inasmuch as the people, when the Territory
should be admitted as a State, would have, under
their sovereign capacity, the right to pass entirely
different laws, which might supersede the act of
Congress on the subject, and be binding upon
them. [See Appendix for his speech.]
Mr. BROOKS, in rising to speak on the sub-
ject of the Nebraska bill, said it asserted a great
constitutional principle, and the inherent right of
the people to determine all questions affecting their
internal relations. He rejoiced that the West
were united with the South in this glorious enter-
prise; he rejoiced that the stars of the Constitu-
tion and of empire bring their rays together; he
rejoiced in the coincidence of opinion and common
interest which brings the treasures of the West
into the lap of the South. Had the Wilmot pro-
viso been inserted in this bill, they would not now
hear objections to the measure from certain quar-
ters, and from those who love negroes more than
they do white men; and charges of violation of
plighted faith.
He then invited attention to the assumption that
the original policy of the country was to restrict
the extension of slavery, which he denied; and,
in continuation of his argument, asserted that the
Missouri compromise was not sacred and binding,
having been violated by the North'one year after
its passage, and has been continued to be violated,
since. The South had lost, and not gained, as it
j had been asserted, by this division line. He fur-
ther advocated the bill,''speaking, as he proceeded,
I in favor of the institution of slavery. [See Ap-
\ pendix for his speech.]
| The CHAIRMAN. The time appointed for
j the termination of the debate on this bill has now
| arrived.
: Several Members rose to address the commit-
1 tee.
I The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is unable to
! assign the floor to any gentleman. The member
from Kentucky [Mr. Brjeckine.idge] has a right,
in conclusion, to speak to the bill.
Mr. PRESTON. May I ask, Mr. Chairman,
at which point of the bill we now are?
The CHAIRMAN. The committee hag been
discussing the whole bill.
Mr. PRESTON. Have we come to the point
of reading it by sections ?
The CHAIRMAN. Not yet. The gentleman
■ from Kentucky has now a right to speak to the
i bill.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr; Chairman, in
the very few observations which I propose to ad-
dress to the committee, I intend to confine myself
exclusively to the bill now under consideration.
When the deficiency bill was up before, it was
very thoroughly discussed. That fact will obviate
the necessity of a protracted discussion of it now;
and my object is chiefly to explain the action of
the Committee of Ways and Means under, as they
consider, the instruction of this House.
The committee have reported two bills, and I
will try to explain, presently, that they reported
those bills under the instruction of the House, as
indicated by its vote. The first bill contains mat-
ter which the committee regarded as clear defi-
ciencies, and which they supposed the House re-
garded as deficiencies, by their action upon the
bill^vhen it was under consideration before.
The other bill contains simply appropriations
for such custom-houses and marine hospitals as
were added to the bill in the Committee of the
Whole House, and in the House, not upon the
report of any standing committee of this House,
but upon the motion of individual members, rep-
resenting the different sections of the country in-
terested in those appropriations.
The total amount of appropriation in the bill
now before this committee is £.2*497,000 32. This
aggregate is composed wholly of items reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means, and of
items added to the bill when up before* upon the
recommendation of the standing committees of
the House. The other bill which we have re-
ported independently, for the action of the House,
in relation to the custom-houses and marine hos-
pitals, embraces appropriations of between four
and five hundred thousand dollars.
The bill which is now reported is the bill ma-
tured by the House when under its consideration
before, and afterward defeated—less the appropri-
ation for the custom-houses arid nuuine hospitals.
Before I say anything* in regard to the bill fur
those appropriations, 1 have a few observations to
make in regard to the items in the bill now under i
consideration. The whole of them are unexcep-
tionable, and perhaps no serious objection <?an be
made to any of them, except the item for the pur,- x
chase of an assay office in the city of New Yprk. _ S*
There is an appropriation in this J^i)l of $530,000 \r
to purchase—if the House shall ratify the agtion
of the S.ecretgiry of the Treasury—certain property
for an assay office in that city. That matter was
discussed at considerable length when the bill was
formerly before the committee. But my honpr-
able friend from Virginia, {Mr. Bayly,] in some
| remarks which he addressed to this House yes-
j terday, or the day before, objected to this fea-
j ture of the bill. I am sure my friend has not
j considered it with his usual care, or he would not
S have objected to it upon the ground which he
| urged. 1 understood him to say, that the renting
I which has been made was for too long a period;
| that the price given in the lease is too high; and
in the third place, that there is no occasion for an
assay office in the city of New York, and that we*
did not want any lot for such an office.
The latter objection would more probably have
been made when the act of the lastsession of Con-
gress wa3 passed, providing for the establishment
of that office, and appropriating $100,000. to assist
in carrying out that law. X will call the attention
of the committee to the act of the last Congress,
under which the Secretary of the Treasury took
the measures he has for the establishment of this
assay office. By the act of the 3d of March, 1853,
and the tenth section of that act, it ispmvided,that
" the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby author-
ized and required to establish, in the city of New
York, an office for the receipt, and the melting, re-
fining, parting, and assaying of gold and silver
bullion and foreign coin, and for casting the same
. into bars, ingots, and disks."
The bill goes on at great length in detail to pro-
vide that the Assistant Treasurer of the United
States shall be superintendent of the assay office,
and also for the manner in which coin shall be re-
ceived, receipted for, refined, melted, and assayed.
This portion of the bill covers four or five sections.
The fifteenth section provides that the Secretary
of the Treasury " shall be authorized to procure—
that is the word—by rent, by lease,or otherwise,
a building or apartments in the city of New York,
suitable for the operations of said office, unless he
shall be o f the opinion that suitable apartments in
the custom-house in that city can be assigned for
that purpose." The Secretary is also directed
and authorized to procure the necessary imple-
ments and machinery for carrying on the opera-
tions and business of said office.
By another section of the same act $100,000 are
appropriated to assist in carrying out the provisions
of the law. 1 call the attention of the committee
to the fact that the last Congress intended to estab-
lish in that great commercial emporium an office
for assaying the coin which comes from San Fran-
cisco and elsewhere, and intended obviously to
establish it permanently; and for that purpose it
authorizes the Secretary to procure, by rent or
otherwise, suitable buildings for that purpose, all
h'e necessary implements and machinery, and
$100,000 were appropriated to begin with. Every-
body knows that there is no building in the city
of New York proper for the purposes of assaying.
An assay building had to be erected, and accord-
ingly the Secretary has proceeded to erect an as-
say building some fifty by seventy feet. _ It is
permanent upon the soil. He had authority, in
my judgment, to purchase ground and to erect a
building for an assay office. What did he do?
Instead of making a purchase, he made a contract
of lease with certain parties, for ground and build-
ings, with a condition in the contract by whiclvhe
saved the right to the Congress of the United
States, if they chose to exercise it, of purchasing
the property at a certiun sum. Let us look at the
conditions of the contract, The lease is for fif-
teen years, and my friend from Virginia [Mr.
Baylyj objects to it upon that ground. The first
observation I ha\e to make in reply to the gentle-
man, is this: that the Secretary of ihe Treasury
could not have obtained a fair lease upon a short
term; and secondly, if he could have obtained a
lease upon a short term, it would not have been
just to the interests of the United States to have
made a short lease, when he had to expend nearly
$100,000 to put up the adequate assay buildings
with which to commence operations. It was said
by my friend from Virginia that the price was
