1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1843
Sec. 6. Jind be it further enacted, That from and after
the passage of this act, there shall be, in addition to the
clerks authorized by the third section of the act of March
a, 1853, entitled "An act making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of Government for the year
ending the 3oth of June, 1854," m the office of the Register
of the Treasury, three clerks of class four, to include the i
clerk now authorized to take charge of the redemption of
stocks, and in the office of the Commissior of Pensions five
clerks of cla^s two, and fifteen clerks of class three; and I
said clerks shall be paid, according to the provisions of sa d
section, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
The amendments of the House were to strike
out
—to include tlie clerk now authorized to take charge of
the redemption of stocks,
—to insert after the words " Register of the
Treasury,"
—"in lieu of the temporary clerks now employed therein,"
■—and to insert after the word " section" the
words
—"until the 30th of June, 1854."
The committee recommend that the Senate con-
cur in these amendments of the House, with the
exception of the first one, and that the word
" three " be substituted for the word " four," so
that the three clerks in the office of the Register of
the Treasury shall belong to class three, with a
salary of $1,G00 per annum, instead of class four,
with a salary of $1,800 per annum.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would ask the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] how many-clerks
that amendment gives to the Register of the
Treasury ?
Mr. PHELPS. Only two. The committee
also recommend that the Senate recede from its
follosving amendments:
No. 11, which was to insert:
For iron fiaggingin tront of the old portion of the Patent
Office Building, and altering windows and private stair-
way, $5,730.
No 12, which was to insert:
For altering streets and repaving in fiont of the east wing
of the Patent Office Building, iron railing and flagging, and
painting new saloon, $14,250.
No. 14, which was to insert:
For completing the improvement of Pennsylvania avenue
from Seventeenth to Twenty-sixth* street west, ,$9,000:
Provided, That all appropriations herein made for re pahs
and improvements of the public buildings or grounds within
the District of Columbia, shall be expended under tiie di-
rection of the Secretary of the Inteiior.
No. 20, which was to insert:
For the actual and necessary expenses incurred hy the pro-
visional government of Oregon, m defending the people of
said Territory from the attacks and hostilities of the Cayuse
Indians, m the years 1847 and 1848, and for Mich allow-
ances for the expense of adjusting the claims on that ac-
count as the Secretary of the Treasury may deem proper,
$75,000. But the said claims and accounts shall be settled
and adjusted at such place, and in such manner, as the
Secretary of the Treasury may presenile ; and no claims
shall hereafter be allowed on account of tins war which are
not presented within theviiext fiscal year.
No. 25, which was to insert:
For continuing the works for bringing water into the city
of Washington, $500,000.
No. 26, which was to insert:
For the payment of Richard II. Weightman, for mileage
and per diem compensation as an agent claiming to be a Sen-
atoi elect from New Mexico, §2,404.
No. 40, which was to insert:
For the completion of the bridge aerossthe Potomac river
at Little Falls, and painting thereof, agreeably to the plan 1
adopted under the direction of the President of the United i
States, $75,000.
No. 42, which was to insert:
And the marshals of the northern and southern districts
of California shall have the same mileage and compensa-
tion for swerving processes issuing from bold commission as
are allowed to the sheriffs for serving similar processes by
the higner courts of California; and the same mileage ami
per diem shall he made to witnesses as are allowed to wit-
nesses by the State of California.
No. 48, which was to add:
Sec. 4. Jind he it further ciutcted, That before any pay-
ment shall hereafter be made to any invalid pensioner whose
name shall have been upon the pension list two years, he
shall produce to the agents lorpajing pensions, to whom
he shall apply for payment, the affidavitof two surgeons or
physicians, satisfactory to the Secretary of the Interior,
stating, from personal examination, the continuance of dis
ability, desctibing it, for which the pension wa> ongmally
granted, and the rate of such disability at the tune of mak-
ing such affidavit, blank forms of winch shall be furnished
by the Commissioner of Pensions to agents for paying pen-
sions, for the u«e of pensioners; and if in said affidavit the
disability '•hall be stated at a rate below that for which the
pension was originally granted, he shall only be paid at the
rate stated in said affidavit. Said affidavit shall be filed by
said agents, and carefully preserved, and copies thereof
shall be transmitted, with the semi-annual returns of said
agents, to the Commissions of Pensions, who shall file
them with theonginal papers of the pensioner, respectively:
Provided, That when the pension shall have been origin-
ally granted by a special act of Congress, or for a total dis-
ability for the loss of a limb or other cause which cannot
be removed, either in whole or in part,' the above affidavit
shall not be required.
No. 52, which was to add :
Sec. 8. Jind be it further enacted, That so much of the
act entitled " An act making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June. 1853, and for other purposes," as
provides for compensation to the Spanish consul and
others for losses occasioned by violence at New Orleans,
and at Key West, m the year 1851, shall be so construed as
to place Michael Pappienitza, a subject of Austria, on the
same footing with the subjects of Spain.
And the fifty-third amendment, which was to
add:
Sec. 9. Jind be it further enacted, That for custom-
houses and marine hospitals., and to complete the same,
the following sums be. and they are hereby, appropriated
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appio-
pnated, namely:
For completing the custom house at St. Louis, Misuomi,
$100,000;
For completing the custom-house at Mobile, Alabama,
$65,000;
For completing the custom house at Cincinnati, Ohio,
$40,000;
For completing the custom house at Louisville, Ken-
tucky, ,$40,000;
For completing the custom-house at Rangor, Maine,
$-20,000 ;
For completing the custom-house at Bath, Maine,
$20,000;
For completing the custom-house at Wilmington, Dela-
ware, $12,000;
For purchasing a site for a custom-house at Providence,
Rhode Island, $24,000 ;
For the purchase of a new site for the custom-house in
San Francisco, $250,000 ; and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury ts hereby authotizcd, if, in bis judgment, the public
interest will thereby be piomoted, to apply this appropria
Hon, andasmucnas maybe nccessaiy ot former appro-
priations, for the erection of a custom house on the land
reserved for said purpose, to the purchase of a building or
buildings for a custom-house and other public offices ; and
the said Secretary of the Trwasury is hereby directed to take
all legal pioceedmps which may be nece^ary or advisable
tomaintainand secure the po-sesMon andtitleofthe United
States to the lot heielofore selected lor the site of a custom-
house ;
For the erection of a custom house at Portland, Maine,
including rooms for the United States court, and tor a post
office, $200,000;
To complete the marine hospital at Cleveland, Ohio,
$25,000 ;
To complete the marine hospital at St. Louis, Missouri,
$10,000;
To complete the marine hospital at Chicago, rilinois,
$8,000;
To complete the marine hospital at Louisville, Kentucky,
$12,500 ;
To complete the marine hospital at Paducah, Kentucky,
$5,000;
To complete the marine hospital at Evansville, Indiana,
$2,000;
To complete the marine hospital at San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, $44,000; and to construct a maiuie hospital at Bur-
lington, Iowa, $15,000.
The committee also -recommends that the House
concur in Senate amendments Nos. 36 and 37,
which are as follows:
For rent of paper wareioom from the 1st of January to
the 30th of Juno, 1854, at $250 per annum, $125.
For cartage of pi mting paper from wareioom and office
of the Superintendent of Public Printing to the printing
offices, and labor, from the 1st of January to the 30th of
June, 1854, at $550 per annum, $275.
It was stated in debate, when this matter was
under consideration by the House, that the Com-
mittee on Printing had instructed theSuperintend-
ent of the Public Printing to incur this expendi-
ture. It was, however, urged that there was no
necessity for incurring this expenditure; that by
the contracts made with the persons who were to
deliver the paper for the public printing, they
were to deliver it at such places in the city of
Washington as the Superintendent might direct.
It is true there was such a provision in the con-
tracts made with those who supply the paper for
the public printing; but as the Senate and House
of Representatives have each elected a printer,
the course pursued by the former Superintendent
of Public Printing could not now be pursued.
When there was but one public printer all the
paper was deposited in the Union office. Gen-
eral Armstrong, during the last session of Con-
gress, rented a building especially for the purpose
of storing the paper belonging to the Government
of the United States, and the Superintendent went
there and issued such quantities of paper as the |
public printer from time to time required. But i
there are now two public printers, and each office I
is unwilling to store paper for the other. It I
becomes necessary, therefore, that there shall be
some place where the paper can be inspected by
the Superintendent, in order that he may ascertain
whether it corresponds with the contracts, before
issuing it to the different offices.
For these reasons the committee recommend a
concurrence in that amendment.
The twenty-fourth amendment is as follows:
For the transpoi tation of Governor Stevens and his party,
and for explorations made by him between the Mississippi
river and the Pacific ocean, $40,000.
This amendment was adopted by the Senate for
the purpose of covering a deficiency in the survey
of Governor Stevens, and also to provide for addi-
tional surveys of the pass known as Noble's Pass.
At the time that amendment was adopted by the
Senate, Lieutenant Whipple had riot returned. It
has been ascertained that there is a deficiency in-
curred by him of §15,000, and by Governor Ste-
vens of $25,000. Those officers did not know, at
the time they engaged in the surveys, that these
deficiencies would occur. When it vvas ascer-
tained that there was not a sufficient amount of
money for the purpose of defraying the expenses,
the question to be determined by them was, wheth-
er they should abandon the prosecution of those
surveys and return to the States, or endeavor to
reach the settlements upon the Pacific coast. They
determined to go on,and these expenses havebeen
caused by a contingency unforeseen by them.
They are, in some instances, individually respon-
sible for those expenses, and the Departments
have recommended that provision be made for
them.
The committee of conference recommend that
the provision be so amended as that it will read:
For deficiencies for lailroad surveys between the Mis-
sissippi river and the Pacific ocean, $40,000.
Mr. COBB. Does that cover the whole ?
Mr. PHELPS. That will cover the deficiency,
so far as we are advised.
Mr. COBB. You do not propose to appro-
priate any more money ?
Mr. PHELPS. JNot by this bill.
The committee of conference recommend a
concurrence in the forty-first amendment, which
is as follows:
Page fourteen, line throe hundred and twenty-eight, after
the wordCalifornia," strike out " .>-37,500," and insert
in lieu thereof e- $12,000 and that $>,000 ol said sum be
paid to Robert Gieenhow, assistant law agent to said board,
for services performed during the absence of the law agent.
When the commission was established in Califor-
nia for the adjudication of iand claims, it was pro-
vided that the salaries of the commissioners should
be ^5,000 per annum, and thatthe samecompensa-
tion should be paid to the law agent,and to the as-
sociate law agent. At the last session of Congress,
however, a provision was made, by which the
commissioners were to he pa'il $8,000 p^r annum
from the time of their employment, and that in-
crease of salary was to apply to those who were
then in office as well as to those who might there-
after be appointed. Under that provision of law,
those commissioners who have been removed from
office, and have ceased to act, have been paid their
salaries at the rate of $8,000 per annum.
During the time Robert Greenhow acted as
associate law agent, it is stated that the law agent
himself was absent from the country a great por-
tion of the time; that at the time Mr. Greenhow
reached California, the law agent repaired to San
Francisco, which was in the fall of 1852, I think,
and thence returned to the United States, having
rendered no service whatever; and there was rio
law agent in California from October, 1852, until
Mr. Howard repaired there last June, under the
appointment made by the present Administration.
The committee of conference adopted the amend-
ment here suggested, that the salary of the asso-
ciate law agent should be, during the period that
the duties of both the law agent and the associate
law agent were performed by Mr. Greenhow, at
the rate of $8,000 per annum.
Mr. WALSH. What was the salary of the
law agent?
Mr. PHELPS. It was §5,000.
Mr. WALSH. What was that of the assistant
law agent?
Mr. PHELPS. It was $5,000, the sume with
that of the law aeent.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to hear the
amendment agreed upon by the committee of con-
ference read.
