0M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
exorbitantly high. We have no evidence of that
fact. On the contrary, your committee are satisfied
that the contract was a reasonable one. The gen:
4 tleman gave it as his opinion that the price was
* exorbitant, but he supported that opinion by no
facts.
Mr. BAYLY. I dislike very much to interrupt
my fiiend from Kentucky; but I hope that he will
not object to my doing so. I did not make .the
point that the Secretary had no right to make a
lease, or even a purchase; but the point that, in
this respect, a sound discretion had not been ex-
ercised.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I thank my friend
for the correction 
Mr. BAYLY. Will th'e gentleman allow me
to finish my sentence' I contend that a sound
discretion had not been exercised in regard to this
matter, because there could have been procured as
good a lot in other parts of the city for a tithe of
the money paid under the lease; and that it never
■was in the contemplation of Congress, when they
appropriated $100,000 for that purpose, that
$500,000 should be given for the site alone.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Secretary has
not given $500,000. It is for Congress to determ-
ine in regard to the matter.
Mr. BAYLY. The Secretary has made a lease
to that effect.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. No, sir; but he has
in the lease reserved to Congress the right to pur-
chase the property for $530,000; and the exercise
or not of this right is one of the matters under
consideration. In regard to reasonable discretion,
I tried to show by the law that it was in the con-
templation of Congress to establish a permanent
assay office in the city of New York. Then, I
say„the necessary buildings for assaying had to be
erected; and the Secretary caused such buildings
to be erected, at a cost ot nearly $100,000. Now,
if he had rented the ground for a short period, I
need not say that at the termination of the lease
the buildings would go over to the lessors; and
therefore it is evident that it was the policy of the
United States—that it was a matter of economy—
for him to lease the property for a long period.
But my friend from Virginia says that a much
better site could have been obtained for a less sum
of money. Well, sir, that is also a matter upon
which he has adduced no evidence. And even if a
naked lot, in a distant part of the city, could have
been rented for a less sum, does not the gentleman
know that it would have been necessary to erect
buildings on it at a heavy cost, the whole of which
would pass to the owners of the property at the
end of the lease? I will state the reasons which
the committee suppose controlled the Secretary in
the selection of this site. It is well known that
the custom-house in New.,York is situated in
Wall street, a place so abhorred by my friend from
Virginia; but there it is m Wall street, and 1 think
he will agree with me that it is a very necesary
and valuable building.
It was important that the buildings for the assay
office and custom-house shall be contiguous, and
the Secretary selected this site because it was the
only suitable ground in the vicinity, the lease or
purchase of which could be made; and besides,
there were already on the lot most of the buildings
required. 1 believe my friend from Virginia is
now aware of the fact that the custom-house in
New York is full to overflowing; that there is not
room enough for the necessary business to be
transacted; that the assay buildings had to be al-
tered, and a large number of clerks and other offi-
cials removed to them from the custom-house, and
that still the accommodations of the latter building
are insufficient for the wants of the establishment.
I say, therefore, that Congress will be but perform-
ing its duty under the circumstances, if it sanc-
tions this act of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and makes the buildings and grounds leased by
him for the assay office the property of the coun-
try. Unless this course is taken, we shall ulti-
mately be compelled to abandon the present custom-
house, for there is no other ground which can be
obtained on which to entarge the building.
But I do not deem it necessary to continue the
discussion of this branch of the subject at greater
length. There is an existing contract of lease of
fifteen years, binding this Government to the pay-
ment of a certain sum. But there is a provision,
as I have remarked, which authorizes Congress
to purchase the property; and the question now
is, whether under the circumstance it is proper
and economical to do it? Why, sir, the rent of
that property for fifteen years, at $53,000 per an-
num, the price agreed on, will amount to $795,000.
To that add the j,100,000 for improvements which
have neceesarily been put upon it in order to have
the assay office go into operation, and you have
the total amount of $895,000 which you will have
paid at the termination of the lease, while all the
improvements, as 1 have already remarked, must
go over to the lessor. On the contrary, if you
adopt the proposition of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and expend $530,000 now in the pur-
chase of this property, which, as it adjoins the
custom-house grounds, will be necessary for the
accommodation of that establishment, the money
which has already been expended will not ulti-
mately be lost, but the Govenfment becomes im-
mediately the owner of the whole property.
With this simple statement of the matter, it
seems to me that whatever opinion any gentle-
man may entertain as to the discretion of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in making this lease, sound
policy, as a matter of economy, requires that the
House should adopt the suggestion of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ratify the condi-
tional purchase.
But it may be asked why the Committee of
Ways and Means placed this item in the bill when
the House rejected the other deficiency bill, with
this provision among cithers in it? Our answer is i
this: It is the duty of a committee of the charac-
ter of the Committee of Ways.and Means, when
they report original bills to the House, to exercise
their best judgment as to the provisions they rec-
ommend; but when the House has indicated its
own desires, its own preferences, it is the duty of
that committee to carry out those desires and pref-
erences, as far as they can ascertain them. Now,
sir, this appropriation was adopted by the House
upon a vote by yeas and nays, by a more decisive
majority than any other contested item in the bill |
which was defeated; and if gentlemen will refer ■
to the Journal they will discover that fact.
But it may be asked, why, upon the same '
ground, did you not also report back in this bill
the appropriations for custom-houses and marine
hospitals? The answer is this: there was some
difficulty in understanding exactly what the House
wanted, and wjiy that deficiency bill was defeated.
Much was added to it after it was brought in here
! by the Committee of Ways and Means. This
I item for the assay office at New York was added
I to it, and also these items of appropriation for
| custom-houses and marine hospitals, although by
I a vote not so decisive.
| Now, sir, something defeated that bill. It is
| not to be presumed—I will not presume thatirreg-
i ular and improper coalitions, or any stampede in
1 the House, produced its defeat, but something
defeated it. It was not the appropriation for the
assay office, because that was carried in the House
by a larger vote than was given for the other con-
tested items. It could not have been the ordinary
appropriations for deficiences, contained in the bill,
for they were perfectly unexceptionable, and, as
a general rule, no opposition was made to tl^em.
What remained? livery gentlemen here recol-
lects that the great struggle, both in the committee
and in the House, was upon appropriations for
custom-houses. They were not reported by any
I standing committee. True, they were estimated
I for by the Treasury Department, but they were
; introduced into the bili upon the motion of indi-
vidual members on their own responsibility. Gen
tlemen will bear me out in making this statement.
I may be allowed to say that I make the statement
as a friend to these appropriations. I voted for
them all in committee, and in the House, and I
will do it again when they come up after this bill
has been disposed of.
What then have the Committee of Ways and
Means done in reporting this bill? We have acted
according to the sense of the House, as far as we
could gather it. We have reported a deficiency
bill, which we respectfully ask the House to
stand by and pass. We have also reported, for
the action of the House, another bill, containing
the items for custom-houses and marine hospitals,
which were passed in committee, and rejected by
the defeat of the bill. lt_may be that an attempt
will be made, and 1 presume it is proper for me to
say, from what I have heard, that an attempt will
be made, to add the appropriations for custom-
houses and marine hospitals to this bill, by way
of amendment. I hope the attempt will not be
made. I say this to the friends of those appropri-
ations, because, as is very well known, I have
been all the time the friend of these appropri-
ations. I believe that if those amendments are
offered they will fail, or, if adopted (they will im-
peril the success of the bill. I believe, at the
same time, that they have strength enough in the
House to bear them through, if they come up as
independent propositions. It may be that some
gentlemen may consider themselves bound by a
sense of public duty, and I question no man's
motives, to plant themselves on three or fouritems,
and if those are adopted, sustain the bill; if they
fall, war upon the bill. Of course I cannotobject
to gentlemen pursuing that course if they deem it
their duty to do so; but it strikes me that it is an
improper mode of legislating, and one which I
hope the House will not sanction or adopt. I
hope that it is not the case that we cannot get
through any bill, even forthe ordinary and neces-
sary appropriations to carry on tlie Government,
without arrangements wtiicli require members
either to vote against the hill, or to vote for num-
berless items which they object to. There are gen-
tlemen here who are in favor of the custom-houses,
and perhaps opposed to some other items of the
bill; and there are others who are opposed to the
custom-houses, and in favor of other items. If
we mature the bill exactly in the form we did be-
fore, what reason have we to believe that the
House will not kill it exactly as it killed the for-
mer bill, by a union ofthe opponents of the cus-
tom-houses with the opponents of other items.
The point that 1 feel most solicitous about just^
here is to satisfy this committee that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have not acted capri-
ciously, or even, I may add, according to their
own notions of what ought to be done in the prem-
ises. They have acted under the directions and
instructions of the House, as far as the^ could
ascertain its wishes and preferences from the ac-
tion on the former bill.
That there is an urgent necessity for the pas-
sage of a bill, Mr. Chairman, nobody will deny.
I would respectfully call the attention of the com-
mittee to the fact, that since the last deficiency
appropriation bill was defeated we have done noth-
ing. We have not made one step in the progress
of practical legislation, except to pass the home-
stead bill. In the mean time the urgent necessity
for the passage of some deficiency appropriation
bill is growing every day. Why, sir, no gentle-
man will dispute tl^at the bill is full of items which
ought to be passed. There are your debts due
and unpaid. There are the deficiencies in the Post
Office Department. There are the deficiencies in
the payment ofthe humble employees ofthe Gov-
ernment. There are many items. They ought to
be paid. The Government is able to pay them;
and surely the House of Representatives is able
to mature and to pass a bill by which these exist-
ing and pressing debts can be paid. It is not any-
thing which appeals to political feellingin this com-
mittee. '
I know the opinion has been expressed—I have
heard it expressed upon this floor—that a majority
in Congress is responsible for the carrying on of
the Government, and that all the minority has to
do is to stand by and look on, or, if you choose,
to embarrass the majority. That is no doctrine
for this Government. We are all interested in
the necessary and proper expenditures of the
Government. I do not believe it is the sentiment
upon this floor; but if there should be a gentleman
who entertains it—if it should prevail to any
extent, and I mention this only on that hypoth-
esis-—then, I say, an additional responsibility
devolves upon those who are in the majority to
pass a bill demanded by the exigencies of the
public service, and to unite for the purpose of
doing it. But I make no appeal of a party or
political character, because I believe that the bill
is not of that character. I have not, in the last
suggestion which I have made, intended to say
anything disrespectful to any portion of the com-
mittee, or the friends of any of the various provis-
ions in these two bills. I respectfully say to the
committee, then, that your Committee of Ways
and Means have, according to the basis which
they could deduce as to your wishes in the prem-
ises, reported two bills. One is before you now,
called the deficiency bill. Immediately after, and
