1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
reported from the same committee for youraetion,
is the bill for the appropriations to custom-houses
and marine hospitals. We ask the committee to
take the two bills as they come, to defeat them if
they are wrong, and to pass them if they are right,
but not to imperil the success of both by welding
them together, when they may meet the same fate
as they did before.
1 appeal respectfully to the committee, sir, to
take this bill, to strip it of anything objectionable
it contains, if they see proper, and to add to it, if
they choose, anything which they desire; but
after they have matured it to their own satisfac-
tion, and taken it to the House, then to pass it, and
not wreck it again when the great mass of its pro-
visions are demanded by the pressing*exigencies
of the public service. [To Mr. Florence.] You
wished to ask me a question.
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Chairman, when the
former deficiency bill, containing the appropriation
for the purchase of an assay office in the city of
New York was under consideration, the commit-
tee may recolljct that I raised a point of.order,
which was overruled by the Chair, that it was
not, in the general acceptation of the word, a de-
ficiency.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Breckin-
ridge] has very eloquently urged the committee to
sustain this bill because of the urgent necesssity for
the immediate passage ofsome such proposition for
the defrayment of the deficiencies in appropria-
tions for the current year. Now, I desire to ask
the gentleman most respectfully, whether the ur-
gent necessity existed for putting upon the defi-
ciency bill a burden like the one requiring an ap-
propriation to be voted of $530,000 for the purchase
of an assay office in New York, for the reason,
as the gentleman admitted himself, that there has
been a lease entered into for fifteen years, at a cost
of $53,000 per annum; and that two years of the
period for which the lease was made were reserved
as the time within which the property could be
purchased. I do not know exactly at what period
the lease was entered into, but it was a few months
ago.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. It was last August.
Mr. FLORENCE. Yes, sir, last August; two
years from the date of that lease was given for
the consummation of the contract. Now, if there
is an urgent necessity for the passage of a defi-
ciency bill, and I admit that there is—indeed t have
sustained this position by my votes; I sustained
almost every appropriation by my vote when there
was a division of the House by yeas and nays,
perhaps every one, except that for the assay
office in New York, when the last deficiency bill
was under consideration. I say, if there is this
urgent necessity for the passage of the bill, I sub-
mit to the gentleman from Kentucky whether it
would not be better that this appropriation should
come in in the regular appropriation bill, because
I cannot see any urgent necessity for its special
consideration at this time. Indeed it seems to me
that this appropriation is the millstone around the
neck of the bill which sunk it so deep before, and
will now prevent its passage in the House.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGK, (interrupting.) I
yielded to the gentleman from Pennsylvania be-
cause he said he rose merely to ask a question; but
he is now making an argument.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 do not desire, Mr. Chair-
man, to make an argument. My remarks seem
to me to be appropriate m this connection, for the
reasons which I have briefly stated; and perhaps
I may have ventured on making an argument,
with a view to elaborate the question,_ so as to
obtain a good reason for the appropriation in the
answer I may receive. I desire, however, to ask
the gentleman from Kentucky whether there is
any necessity for urging this appropriation ot
$530,000 at this time, and whether he will make
a statement which will satisfy me on that point ?
And now, having asked this question,I will, with
his consent, occupy the floor a moment longer, to
make a few remarks which I consider pertinent to
the subject before the committee.
Sir, at the time when this appropriation was
previously under consideration as part of the de-
ficiency bill, the gentleman from Tennessee over
the way [Mr. Jones] made a very strong argu-
ment why this purchase should be made. 1, in the
ardent—I might say, without egotism, the honest
—impulse of my nature, concluded, at that mo-
ment, that his argument was satisfactory. I am
generally satisfied with the position which that
gentleman assumes upon most questionsmvolvmg
the expenditure of the public moneys. I do not
mean to flatter him on this floor; but I have always
felt satisfied that anything which meets his ap-
proval is most generally right. And I hastily con-
cluded, at that time, without much thought upon
the subject, that perhaps, under all the circum-
stances, it might be better this appropriation
should be passed. Commercially I still think so,
regarding it merely as a business transaction; but
I do not now, upon reflection and examination of
the subject, indeed, I cannot bring my mind to
the conclusion that there was any necessity for
entering into the contract at all. I consider it, in
all its bearings, as an entirely unnecessary and ex-
travagant expenditure.
[A message in writing was here received from
the President of the United States, by the hands
of his Private Secretary, Mr. Sidney Webster.]
Mr. FLORENCE, (resuming.) I was saying,
Mr. Chairman, that, at the period I referred to, I
thought it was, perhaps, better the appropriation
should pass, but that 1 had now changed my
opinion; and I was going further to say that there
was, in my judgment, no more propriety in the
establishment of an office in New York merely for
assaying and refining gold than there is for the
establishment of a pork-packing office in Cincin-
nati, or for a cotton-packing office m Charleston,
by authority of and under the patronage of the
General Government. That is the reason why!
withdraw the remarks which I made on that
morning, and in doing so, to say that I intend to
oppose this appropriation from a sense of duty.
I thank the gentleman from Kentucky for his kind-
ness and courtesy in permitting me to occupy so
much of his time.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If, Mr. Chairman,
I can, out of the speech made by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, pick his question, it is this:
He asks me what necessity there is for introducing
this item m the bill, and whether it is a defi-
ciency ?
It is true, sir, that this appropriation might be
made in the general appropriation bill. It is also
true, that if the House chooses to ratify the course
which has been taken, it is then a deficiency, and
proper in the bill. Instead of asking me why the
committee has thought proper to burden the pres-
ent bill—to use his own language—with this mat-
ter, let the gentleman ask the House itself, which,
by a decided majority—more decided than upon
any other appropriation—put it into the former
bill. I consider that the Committee of Ways and
Means acted under instructions in reporting it. I
will not go into the original arguments as to the
propriety of establishing ail assay office in the
city of New York. It maybe added here that
by the terms of the contract—if Congress elects to
take the property—the purchase money is to bear
six per cent, interest from the date of the contract,
while it is to be credited by the rent paid in the
mean time; and why should the Government
continue to pay six per cent, interest, while it is
redeeming its five per cent, stocks at a high pre-
mium ?
I believe there is—I know there is—a sense of
justice in this House which will bear this defi-
ciency bill through. If dissatisfied with it in its
present form, the House will mould it into a shape
satisfactory to itself, and then pass it. If it should
not, what are we to do ? What step shall we take
next? Are we to allow this matter to go on until
the general appropriation bill comes up, and then
have the same struggle over that?—virtually, the
clearest obligations to be repudiated ? Are the
employees of the Government to be starved when
the money is at hand to pay them? What is to
be the next movement, if the bill, being matured,
the House shall see proper to reject it? I do
not believe the House will do it. The committee
have done their best to carry out your wishes, as
indicated in the very complex action of the House,
and the result is these two bills. Whatever course
the House may take, the committee reporting
them has discharged its duty.
The CHAIRMAN. The time for closing de-
bate upon this bill, under the order of the House,
hasarrived. There is a motion pending, made by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wentworth,]
to strike out the first section.
Mr. WENTWORTH. If there be no objec-
tion, 1 will withdraw the motion.
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will proceed to
read the first section of the bill.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Mayl inquire whether
the whole bill is to be read before amendments are
offered.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair, in reply to
the gentleman from Ohio, would say that it is the
custom to read the bill by sections, pausing at the
end of each for amendments to be offered; if none
are presented, then to proceed with the reading of
the next, and so on to the end of the bill.
Mr. TAYLOR. I wish to offer an amendment
at the close of the bill.
The Clerk then proceeded with the reading of
the bill.
Mr. TRACY. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the words " for the collection of agri-
cultural statistics and purchasing seeds, to be paid
out of the patent fund, $10,000," and to insert in
lieu thereof the following:
For the collection of agricultural statistics and the pro-
curement and distribution of seeds and cuttings, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Commissioner of Patents,
$10,000.
I have but a word to say in explanation of this
amendment. The item in the bill, as it now stands,
makes an appropriation out of the patent fund for
the purchase of these seeds. I am informed by
the Commissioner of Patents that the patent fund
is exhausted, and that the appropriation, if made
with the condition that it is to be paid out of that
fund, will be entirely unavailing. It will be seen
that my amendment has somewhat enlarged the
appropriation contained in the bill. It was drawn
up by the gentleman having charge of the seed de-
partment, and is such as he considered the wants
of his department required. I, myself* think the
proposition a proper one. I have therefore offered
the amendment; and 1 hope the gentleman who
reported the bill will not object to it.
The amendment was again reported by the
Clerk.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The original item con-
tained in the bill, providing for the purchase of
seeds, made the appropriation payable out of the
patent fund. The gentleman from Vermont says
he has seen the Commissioner of Patents, who
informs him that there is no patent fund out of
which it can be paid, and that any such appropri-
ation will be useless. It must, therefore, be a di-
rect appropriation, or it will not be available. It
will be for the committee to determine whether
such an appropriation shall be made. If they are
m favor of the item, they will support the gentle-
man's amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. PRESTON. I now move my amendment,
to come in at the end of the 115th line. I submit
it now, because it may as well come in there as at
any other place. I ask that it may be read.
The amendment was read by the Clerk; and is
as follows:
To complete the custom-house, court-rooms, and sub-
treasiny at St. Louis, in the State of Missouri, $100,OUO.
To complete the custom-house, with suitable offices and
rooms, at Mobile, in the Slate of Alabama, ^f>5,000.
To complete the custom-house, with suitable offices and
rooms, at Cincinnati, in tlip State of Ohio, $40,000.
To Complete the custom hoir-e and post office, with suit-
able offices and rooms, at [Louisville, Kentucky, ^0,000.
To complete the custom-house, with suitable rooms and
offices, at ISangor, in the State of Maine, S"0,000.
To complete the custom houce, with suitable rooms and
offices, at Bath, in the State ot Maine. $30,000.
To complete the custom house and court rooms, with
suitable olftces and rooms, at Wilmington, in the State of
' Delaware, .§13,000. .
' To complete the marine hospital at Cleveland, in the
1 Slate of Ohio, .$2.5,000. . ,
To complete the marine hospital at St. Louis, in tile
State of Missouri. $10,0J0.
To conipiete the marine hospital at CnicagOjin the State
Of Tilmojs, £8,000.
To complete the marine hospital at Louisville, m the
State of Kentucky, $12,500. _
To compile tlie manue hospital at Paducab, in the s>aid
State of Kentucky, ©5,000, „ . ,
To complete the marine hospital at Evansviile9 in the
State of Indiana, .$2,000. ^
To comple the marine hospital at ban Francisco, and to
ineIo*p the site and drain the same, and toi the necessary
out-build)i)2s §44,000.
Mr. PRESTON. The amendment which I have
offered contains items which were voted by the
House into the bill which failed on its passage by
a tie vote. The same appropriations are reported
