1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL 01411®.
3&4I7
Congress has already been directed to the subjects
which are understood to be embraced in the report.
Moreover, there is no probability that too many
of our foreign representatives will devote them-
selves to tabors of this kind.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the Senate will order
the printing of one thousand additional copies of
this report. It will be an'increased expenditure
of pOO. Now, I do not agree with my friend
from Maine, [Mr. Fessekdbn,] thlt theconsidera-
tion of the expense is not a material item in the
inquiry. A work of this kind may liave a certain
value attached to it which will make it very
proper to expend $ 100 in> the printing of it, but
which certainly would not justify the expenditure
of $10,000. 1 think, therefore, the expenditure
is a material item to be taken into consideration,
in agreeing or disagreeing to the proposition to
print.
The Senator from Maine says that this work,
when published, will not answer the purpose for
which it was suggested, in furnishing the aid-
necessary to assist m the Compilation of our own
laws, or the revising of our own system, because
those persons who may be employed in the work,
if they possess the requisite qualifications, will go
to the original sources of knowledge. That they
will go there may be true, but the inference
•which is drawn from that fact, that this work will
be of no service, I think is a mistake. In every
investigation of that kind, no matter what may be
the qualifications of the ipen who are engaged in
its prosecution, the possession of a full analytical
digest, and specific reference to the different heads
of subjects which they may desire to consult, may
be of use.
At all events, this is hut an expenditure of §100
for the purpose of printing one thousand copies of
this book, which may be of service, which may
be of general interest to the country, which may
accomplish good, and which, as I think the Sena-
tor from New York has justly said, can do no
harm by setting a bad precedent. I hope, there-
fore, the Senate will agree to its printing. At all
events, I would say that I think we had better
dispose of the matter in some way or other, or we
will Spend more money in the value of the time
which we consume' debating it than it would take
to do the printing.
Mr. FITZPATRICIC. It is not the amount
that I am contending for. But I simply"wish to
say, that the publication of the works of the dis-
tinguished gentleman who have been alluded to,
made a'great impression not only upon Congress,
but upon the country; and the rare endowments
of those gentlemen showed the propriety of per-
petuating and handing them down to posterity.
Now, 1 will ask the gentlemen who have dis-
cussed this question, if there is a solitary man in
the Senate who understands what he is voting
for when he votes to increase the number pub-
lished? The honorable Senator from Tennessee
says he lias never read the work; nor have I.
You have, however, the unanimous report of the
committee against its printing; and I again ask
the Senate, if there is a Senator upon this floor
who understands what is contained in that work?
The committee were at one time inclined to wait
for the publication of the work, and examine it,
before acting upon the proposition to print an
extra number; and if we thought it creditable to
the gentleman, and useful to the country, to agree
to that proposition; out on further examination,
the committee determined unanimously, although
with some .hesitation, not to recommend an in-
creased number. That is the point. If gentle-
men vote for the printing of the work now, they
will be voting for that which they do not under-
stand, and which the committee did not under-
stand, except what they obtained from a glance at
its index. The Senate has no information as to
its real merits.
Mr. STUART. If there is no other way of
getting rid of the subject, I move that it lie on the
table.
Mr. WELLER. Let us have a vote.
Mr. STUART. If there is a disposition to
vote, I withdraw my motion.
The question was taken, and the report of the
committee was agreed to.
RENOVATION OF THE HALL.
Mr. STUART. I beg leave to submit the fol-
lowing resolution:
Repolved, That when the Senate adjourns to-morrow, it
shall be until Monday next.
Mr. DAWSON. We had better not consider
that resolution at present. If the House Concur
in the resolution which we passed yesterday, there
will be no necessity for passing tliis.
The PRESIDENT. If there be objection,it
cannot be considered at this time.
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator will liot
object to its consideration.
Mr. DAWSON. My reason for it is this: If
the House agree to the resolution which we passed
yesterday, there will be no necessity for taking
up these carpets. "" '
Mr. GWlN. 1 hope the Senator from Georgia
will not object to the resolution. There is no
prospect of the House acting to-day on the one
which we passed yesterday. They are in Com-
mittee of the Whole; and it wilt notbe acted upon
to-day. I hope, therefore, he will withdraw his
objection. 1 desire to make a suggestion to the
Senator from Michigan, that we shall adopt the
same rule which was adopted in the House, that
these heavy chairs be taken out, and that we have
tighter and more convenient on,es placed here for
the summer.
Mr. DAWSON. I should have no objection to
the resolution,unless the House should tiot concur
in the resolution which we passed yesterday. If
they do not concur, it would be proper for us to
adopt such a motion as this.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the resolution will be considered. The question
is on agreeing to the res9lution.
Mr. STUART. I desire sjmply to make a sug-
gestion in connection with the resolution, if there
be no objection. It is not expected that there will
be a session to-morrow, but that the officers will
meethereand adjourn without any regular session.
I submit aI?o, to the Senator from California, that
if he wishes his proposition adopfed, he had better
submit it separately.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that both will be consid-
ered together.
The PRESIDENT. That will be the effect of
the resolution.
Mr. GWIN. Will the object which I desire be
attained without making the proposition specially ?
The PRESIDENT. It will.
The resolution was agreed to.
Subsequently, in the middle of the speech of
Mr. Foot,
Mr. BADGER said: Mr. President, an order
was made this morning that the Senate would ad-
journ over from to-morrow to Monday. Several
gentlemen are going away—the Senator from
Michigan among others—and I think we ought
to have some understanding as to whether we
are to meet on Monday for the purpose of doing
business, or to adjourn over to the succeeding
Thursday. „
Mr. STUART. To adjourn over.
Mr. GWIN. I hope itwill beunderstood that
we meet on Monday to do business. The Secre-
tary says he can have the Hall in perfect order at
that time. He can have the carpets taken up and
the Chamber prepared for us; and I hope it is not
the intention of any Senator to be here, and not
commence business on Monday.
Mr. BADGER. Is it understood thatwe shall
meet to do business ?
Several Sknators. Yes! Yes!
Mr. BADGER. Suppose we should not have
a quorum.
Mr. GWIN. Let us try that.
Mr. STUART. There is no prospect of having
a quorum. Gentlemen may come here disposed
to do business, and I will come here too. I will
come with the expectation that we shall be obliged
,to adjourn without a quorum.
Mr. JOHNSON. Not only will there be no
quorum, but those who are taking this little recess
now—which is but a short one—will not antici-
pate being back, I am certain from what I have
heard—and I have heard a number talk about it—
until to-morrow week; and as the House has not
acted on the resolution which we passed yester-
day, it is not probable that this will make much
difference in our proceeding with business.
Mr. BADGER. By way of ascertaining what
is the sense of the Senate, I move that when the
Senate adjourns on Monday next, it be to meet on
Thursday next thereafter.
Mr. GWIN.
the motion.
I ask for the .yeas .aud nays on
Mr. DAWSON. I will make" one; tmgge^ion
which'it is proper-shoald go out td the wljrrtrt'.
Thi.s body i? at least six Weeks in SdvancJ of-ree
HouseofRepresentatives. "* '*-
Mr. eWl'N. We have the t>vo 'g'rfeatqaettibri«
of the age to disiiu&j." - * " ' ■ *--> si - -
Mr. DAWSON. And if we were to fect on all
the business before lis it wotild still lie iri apife
in the other House. IP'itie "ta^ke- a 4&esfe
now for convenience and for comfort, in Order tb
better' dispatch the public business #hen we
turn, where is the impropriety ? Why ctime h'ere
and do nothing; sit for an hour or tU'b'&iVd tbeti
adjourn upon the ground that the'otrher br£'ritl!'<#f
Congress'is behitid u,S ? Why not let® 6s' take It
little r.ecess at once to reinvigorate dUrse'lVes, and
come back better prepared fdr business?
Mr. FiTZPATRIGK. It "ji with great diffi-
culty we have kept a quorum for lihe last three
weeks, or a motith. I cam* litre shortly after
the commencement of the session, arid Since *t
came, I have been here at all tirties. i Hgreti with
the Senator from Georgia. I am satisfied from
what has occurl-ed between .other Senator^ !S1JH
myself, that it is out of the question to expect ik
quorum here on Monday.
Mr. STUA RT. There is no prospect of it.
Mr. FITZPATRIGK. I am compelled to leave
here for the north, and I cannot p.r9in\se to be
hack before the close of the week. To those of
us who have been liere in season and out of Sea-
son, and are literally fatigued and worn oti't, it';#
as little as ought to be extended .to lis, to give us
permission to be abi?#it for that short time. 1
have conversed with several'Senators, and my
decided opinion is, that we need not hope to have
a quorum here on Monday. There art many im-
portant questions before the Senate. I have con-
versed with my honorable friend from California
in regard to them. I am anxious to vote on every
one of them; but, situated as I am, I amoottipellm
to be absent, anu I trust the understanding will Ue
that we are not to expect a quorum on Monday.
Mr. GWIN. This is an extraordinary com-
menton what we heard yesterday from the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] and the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Pettit,] that our tables.were
loaded down with business, that we were over-
whelmed with business now ready "for action.
Mr. PETTIT. So we are. '
Mr. GWiN. I know there is business eiiStfgli
for us to commence on Monday morningat'efeyeh
o'clock, and work every day to the hour ftiat a
majority of this body has fixed upon for a recess.
And 1 hope that in good faith, having indicated
the day On which we shall take a recess, we sh<dl
act upon it. If I thought we were gbing to lose
all the week  ' ' "
Mr. STUART- I beg my friend to let me in-
terrupt him. We had better .either vote Qfl this
proposition or let the Senator from Vermontgo qii
with his speech.
Mr. GWIN. If he will give way I will ijaove
to go into Executive session.
Mr. STUART. Let us have a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
in the chair.) The question is on the motion,
that when the Senate adjourns on Monday jnext,
it be to meet on the Thursday next thereafter.
Mr. GWIN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; arid being
taken—resulted yeas 20, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Cans, Clay,
Clayton, Dawson, Evans, Fish, Fitzpatrick, Foot, John-
son. Jones of Tennessee, Norris, Pratt, Rusk, S.eward,
Sliriell. Stuart, and Suinn«r—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Brodh«ad, Brown, Bodge of
Wisconsin, Douglas, Fessenden, Gillette, Gwin, Hamlin.
Hunter, Mallory, Pettit, Sebastian, Toombs, Walker, ana
Welter—16.
So the motion was agreed to.
PENSION FOR SERVICES IN EXECUTING THE
FUGITIVE SLAVE LA'fo.
The following resolution submitted yesterday
by Mr. Adams, was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That theToromittee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of providing by law a suitable
pension for the support of the widow and children, if any,
of the late James Bachelder, of jMassaahuSetts, who was
killed while assisting the marshal of the .United States, for
that State, in executing an act of Con/tees.
