1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2205
legislative clerks, they were excluded from that
on the ground that they did not belong to the
legislative class of clerks. Thus they have been
cut out from both increases. They were allowed
at the last session, out of the contingent fund of
the Senate, the usual extra compensation. It is,
therefor?, now certainly in order to propose to
make them the same allowance; and if it should
be allowed, they will not receive as much as the
regular compensation to which they would have
been justly entitled, if, by the decisions of the De-
partment, they had been allowed to come m,
either as legislative or executive clerks. If the
Senate is averse to granting this extra compensa-
tion, it can vote down the amendment; but I sub-
mit that it is clearly in order,
Mr. PRATT. I wish to make a single remark
that may he applicable to other cases which may
be brought before us.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is no other case that
I know of.
Mr. PRATT The persons included in this
amendment are not connected with the Senate in
any way. Now, how our contingent fund can
be properly expended for the purpose of paying
persons who have no connection, officially, with
the Senate, I am at a loss to ascertain.
Mr. TOOMBS. I believe the Chair rules the
amendment to be out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such is the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, sir, I am so clear in
my own mind that the amendment is in order that
I am compelled to appeal from the decision. I
must state to the Senator from Maryland, who, I
«tm sure, is not disposed to do injustice, that these
clerks draw their pay from us entirely, and all
their accounts are settled and adjudicated here.
Their connection is with the legislative depart-
ment. They are clerks of the Senate, in reality,
and are not clerks of any of the Departments.
The amendment provides only for those who do
not receive the regular increase allowed by the
joint resolution, under which this amendment has
been ruled out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, "Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate
Mr. FITZPATRJCK. If this decision shall
be sustained, these clerks will not be compensated
at all. It seems, in the first instance, they were
assigned to the executive departments; but when
the extra compensation was allowed to the clerks
of those departments, they were excluded, and
it was then said that they belonged to the legisla-
tive department. The compensation of the clerks
of every other department, legislative and execu-
tive, has been increased; but these clerks have re-
ceived no extra compensation. Now, I appeal to
the Senate, and particularly to the Senator from
Georgia, not to refuse ati increase of compensa-
tion to these meritorious clerks, when all other
employees in every department of Government
have had their compensation increased.
Mr. JOHNSON. An amendment to provide
for them was put by the Senate into the civil and
diplomatic bill, but it was cut out by the commit-
tee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It could not
be objected to as an amendment to the civil and
diplomatic bill, for there it was proposed to make
it a law; but, as the Chair before stated, the
select committee appointed for the purpose of
reporting a proposition graduating the pay of offi-
cers of the Senate, provided by resolution, which
the Senate adopted, that no further appropriation
should be made to pay officers of the Senate ex-
cept by law. The amendment, therefore, cannot
be received, as taking out of the contingent fund
of the Senate money to pay extra compensation to
officers of the Senate. It is on that ground that
the Chair decides the amendment to be out of or-
der.
Mr. "WALKER. Was that report concurred
in by the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was.
The question being taken, " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the Senate5'*
it was decided in the affirmative; so the amend-
ment was ruled to be out of order.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to a.sk for informa-
tion, whether the decision of the Chair would
not equally reach the reporters mentioned in the
original resolution?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not recognize reporters as officers of the
body; and, therefore, his decision does not apply
to them.
Mr. WALKER. I have an amendment to
offer, which I will appeal to the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa to accept as a modification of his
resolution. It is to add:
And that the usual compensation to the enrolling and
engrossing clerks be paid to them out of the same fund.
These clerks have been more pressed, I will ven-
ture to say, at the close of this session, than they
ever have been for a large number of years past.
The amount which this amendment would give
them would be very small, and I think, myself,
that justice, as well as generosity, requires that it
should be adopted.
Mr. TOOMBS. Were they not allowed an
increase of twenty per cent, under the joint resolu-
tion which we passed not lonp since ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are they clerks
of the Senate?
Mr. WALKER. They are enrolling and en-
grossing clerks, temporary clerks in the employ-
ment of the Secretary of the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is expressly forbidden.
They got the increase, and cannot be allowed this
amount.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inquire whether they are regular clerks of the
Senate ?
Mr. WALKER. The Secretary can inform
the Chair.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The object of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin is to pay fifty dollars to each
of the enrolling and engrossing clerks, who have
been employed during the last four or five days.
It has been allowed to them heretofore.
Mr. WALKER. I have no objection to mod-
ify the amendment by saying "temporary enroll-
ing and engrossing clerks."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If they be tem-
porary clerks, the amendment will be in order.
Mr. WALKER. I will modify it by inserting
the word " temporary."
Mr. CASS. There would be great objection to
giving to clerks who have only been at work two
or three days, $250.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. It is only fifty dollars.
Mr. CASS. Then suppose the amendment, is
fifty, it is unjust that one who has worked for six
months as a temporary clerk, and one who has
worked but for one day, should get the same sum.
Mr. DODGE, of iowa. I hope, if there be any
objection, the Senator from Wisconsin will with-
draw his amendment, so as not to embarrass the
resolution.
Mr. WALKER. I withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the resolution of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I move to amend it by
adding "and to John Brown, Robert Carter, and
Harry Dodson, the sum of fifty dollars each."
Thesearemen ofcolor,employed in the stables and
retiring room, and this is to give them the usual
allowance.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is not that out of order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
has a right to make an appropriation out of the
contingent fund to anybody not officers of the
body. These are not officers of the body.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. My attention has been drawn,
in connection with an amendment which I had
prepared,to a joint resolution passed in June last,
in respect to the compensation of the employees
of the legislative branch of the Government. I
find, however, that a resolution has passed the
House of Representatives giving the pages of that
House $200 extra compensation out of the con-
tingent fund of the House. The joint resolution
provides that those who receive the twenty per
cent. " shall not hereafter receive the usual extra
compensation." Thepagesinthe House have re-
ceivedabout $200extra compensation; and, there-
forego avoid the technicality of the joint resolution,
if I may use the expression, I have prepared an
amendment to add "that the pages, folders, and
other employees of the Sennte receive $305 extra
compensation." That sum adding the twenty
per cent, would place them upon an equality with ;
the pages of the House of Representatives.
Mr. EVANS, flow much do the pages get
now?
Mr. COOPER. Two dollars and fifty cents a
day.
Mr. DAWSON. Will the Senatorfrom Flor-
ida be kind enough to tell me what is the amount
of money received by one of these pages during
the session ?
Mr. MORTON. It requires a little arithmeti-
cal calculation, and I presume the Senator from
Georgia is quite as much qualified for it as I am.
I think their compensation is $2 50 per diem.
Mr. DAWSON. And twenty percent, on that?
Mr. MORTON. I see the joint resolution is
very guarded, and provides that the pages of the
House shall receive the same compensation as
pages of the Senate. The rule should work both
ways, and the pages of the Senate should receive
as much as those of the House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator offer an amendment?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; to add "and $105
extra compensation be paid to the pages, folders,
and other employees of the Senate."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is clearly
out of order.
Mr. MORTON. Is it in violation of the joint
resolution ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. TOOMBS. It seems to me that this comes
within the decision of the Chair, made a short
time ago. The pay of the pages was raised by
the joint resolution, and they are, therefore, clearly
excluded from extra comoensation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Clearly so.
Mr. MORTON. I will not appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. WALKER. I think the laborers in the
Capitol grounds should be embraced in this res-
olution. They have been cut down to a rate of
wages lower than any other employees of the
Government in this city, and at the same time
they bear more of the heat and burden of the day
than anybody else; and if weare to pass an extra
compensation resolution I should be in favor of
amending it so as to include them. They need it
more than any others that I know of.
Mr. TOOMBS. As there seems to be no end
to amendments, I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope not; I hope
we shall have the question on the resolution.
Mr. TOOMBS. If we can take the question
I have no objection, and will withdraw my mo-
tion.
Mr. CASS. I would inquire whetherthe com-
pensation of the pages has been increased. If
not, the joint resolution which has been refetred
to does not embrace them, for it only embraces
those whose compensation was increased by it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They are clearly
embraced.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to, as
follows:
Resolved, That there be paid, out of the contingent fund
of the Senate, to each of the reporters of the Congressional
Globe tor the Senate, the same sum which was paid them
at the last ses-ion of Congress ; and to the reporters of the
Union lbr the lime they were employed pro rata; and to
John Brown, Robert Carter, and Harry Dodson, the Mini of
filty dollais each.
PATRICK GASS.
Mr. CASS. My attention has been drawn by
a member of the House to the bill of the House
for the relief of Patrick Gass, and I have a mo-
tive for asking the attention of the Senate to it,
because 1 happen to know the man. This is the
Patrick Gass who wrote the first account of the
expedition of Clarke and Lewis. He was a sol-
dier who volunteered in that service; he served
many years in a service of great danger and dif-
ficulty. He frequently passed over the Rocky-
Mountains, and crossed to the Pacific. He dis-
charged his duty faithfully. I understand that he
is now very poor. The bill is to £ive him three
hundred and twenty acres of bounty land; and I
move that the Senate proceed to its consideration.
I trust there will be no objection to it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the "Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
It proposes to require the proper officers of the
Government to issue to Patrick Gass a warrant
for three hundred and twenty acres of land, to
be located on any of the pu'-jlic lands of the United
States subject to private entry.
The bill was repqfted to She Senate without
