1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2207
said journals which may have already been paid for any
ptnaonof the above service, shall be again paid lor (he same, j
Mr, CHASE. I object to the consideration of ;
that resolution.
Mr. BROWN. On what ground?
Several Senators. It is in order to take it up.
Mr. CHA.SE. If it is in order, I, of coarse,
cannot object.
Mr. BROWN. The resolution was introduced
yesterday—that is, the congressional yesterday;
for this congressional day commenced at eight
o'clock. It was introduced before the last adjourn-
ment.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of the opinion
that it is in order.
Mr. CHASE. I will ask the Senator from Mis-
sissippi to explaih to me the resolution. Does it
provide for the payment for the publication of any
speeches printed at any time?
Mr. BROWN, ltdoes not provide for the pay-
ment of those which have already been paid for.
H does not provide for double payment, of course.
Mr. CHASE. These papers have not been
the regular reporters of the Senate They have
printed such speeches of Senators as they thought
lit to print; and the proposition of my friend from
Mississippi is to pay them so much per column
for what they thought fit to print. That being
the case, I move to insert the words "National
Era," which paper has given a much larger circu-
lation than the others to the speeches of Senators;
and upon the amendment, I ask for the yeas and
nays.
On the question of ordering the yeas and nays,
only six Senators rose in the affirmative.
Mr. ClIASE. J wish to say a word in respect
to the amendment. The proposition presented by
the resolution is to pay three of the political
papers of this city for the printing: of such speeches
as they have thought fit to publish from time to
time. Whatever speeches of members of the Sen-
ate those papers havepubhshed are to be paid for at
$4 50 percolumn. They havegiven a circulation
of some two or three thousand to those speeches.
The National Era has a circulation of over twenty-
five thousand subscribers, and the speeches which
it has published have, gone to that number of peo-
ple. If there is any reason whatever for paying
any paper of this city for printing the speeches of
members of the Senate, it applies doubly to that
paper. All that I ask—and I trust the Senate will
give us at least that open expression of their de-
termination—-is the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered and taken—
yeas 9, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Mofsifi. Chase, Fe&^enden, Fish, Foot, Gillette,
Rockwell, Seward, Sumner, and Wade—9.
NAYS—JJesMs. Ad.mis, Atchison, Bell, Benjamin,
Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Butler, (Jass, TJavv^on, Dodgeof
Wib#.>nsin, Dodgo of Iowa, [>nugla«, Evans, Gfver, Hous-
ton, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, .Ion ess ol Tennessee. Mahory,
Norns, Pettit, Stuart, Toombs, Toucey, and Welter—-26.
So the amendment was rejected, and the ques-
tion recurred on the resolution.
Mr. ADAMS. I cannot vote for that resolu-
tion. 1 am not disposed to consume the time of
the Senate in giving my reasons why I cannot. I
only wish to say this; The resolution proposes to
go back to the last session of Congtess and pay
for any speeches that may have been published in
these papers during the last session, as well as
this. I make it a rule that no man shall make me
his debtor without my consent, nor shall he make
this Government his debtor, so far as my vote is
concerned, without the consent of the authority
authorized to oind the Government. These papers
have published a portion of the proceedings, a por-
tion of the speeches, doubtless the most interest-
ing, and such as they thought proper to select;
but, sir, if you go back and pay them, why not
pay every other paper in the United States which
has published any of the speeches or proceedings
of Congress? All the other papers of the coun-
try are publishing a portion of them; would there
not be as much propriety and as much justice in
paying other papers which receive nothing from
the Government, as to pay those which are receiv-
ing hrgs contacts and large benefits from the
Government? I cannot see the justice of the reso-
lution, and -hflll not vote for it.
Mr. BRIGHT. The price proposed to be paid
by the resolution is very low. It will be money
well expended; but I shall not occupy time by
talking on it.
Mr. ADAMS. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
Mr. TOOMBS. This is the most extraordi-
nary proposition I have ever known in this body.
Here are papers in the city of Washington which
print whit speeches they like for party uses, and
leave out the rest, and the Senate is called on to
pay them. It is absolutely outrageous.
Mr. SEWARD. Each of the papers prints
the speeches which it likes; and as they are dif-
ferent in tastes, most of the speeches get printed;
and if we had adopted the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, ue should have had the whole of
them. But 1 am for the resolution even without
that amendment. The seat of Government is
away from any commerce. There is no business
but the public business to support a newspaper.
The resolution is proper.
Mr. CHASE. I pioposed to insert the Na-
tional Era for the purpose of testing the principle,
not because I intended to vote for the resolution,
if it was so amended, i agree with the Senator
from Georgia m his estimate of the character of
the proposition.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask to have my name record-
ed in favor of the Era. If you give to one, give
to all.
Mr. BROWN. Let k be done.
Mr. TOOMBS. I want to vole to put the Era
on the hat.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will observe
that the rule requires unanimous consent to do
that.
Mr. ADAMS. I object.
Mr. BROWN. The resolution, though sub-
mitted by myself, was drawn up by the Senator
from Maryland, [Mr. Peakce,] now absent, who
was compelled to leave the Chamber last evening.
He put the resolution into my hand, and asked me
to offer it, which I did. I approved it to this
extent, at least, that it seemed to me to be just
towards rlJ parties, taking m the Sentinel, Union,
and Intelligencer. I think if oneoughtto bepaid,
all ought to be paid.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen. Bell, Benjamin, Bright, Brod-
head,Brown,Oass, Douglas, Fish, Fool, Houston, Hunter,
James. IVttit, Seward, Toucey. and Woller—IS.
NAYS—Me-^r-*. Adam*, Atchison, Bavard, Chase, Clay,
Docigf? of Wisconsin, podjje of Iowa, Evan*, Fessenden,
FUzpatriek, G«yer. Gillette, Jones of fovva, Jonet of Ten-
nessee, Mallory, Ma*on, Rockwell, Slide!!, Stuart, Sum-
ner, Toombs, and Wade—22.
So the resolution was rejected.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes ,
of the two Houses on the bill making appropria- ■
tions for the support of the Army for the year 1
ending the 30th of June, 1855. |
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL. |
Mr. MALLORY, from the committee of con- j
ference on thedisagreeingvotesof the two Houses ]
on the bill making appropriations for the naval i
service for the year ending the 3(Hh of June, 1855, |
reported: j
That (hey had met the conferees on the part of fheHou=e
of Representatives, and, nitei full ami free conference, had
been unable to acr<*e, ami they report the bill, with the
amendment*, back to the Senate.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate in-
sisted on their amendments, and asked another
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the commute of conference on the part
of the Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
And Mr. Mallory, Mr. Bp.ioht, aud Mr.
Gkyer were appointed.
ROSALIE CAXILLO.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill from the Home of Representatives for the
lelief of Rosalie Caxilio.
It proposes to direct a warrant to be issued to
her for a quarter section of land, to be located on 1
j any land of the Government subject to private
i entry in the Augusta land district, Mississippi. I
I The bill was reported to the Senate without j
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
BOUNTY LANDS.
House bill to repeal the first proviso of the fourth
section of the act entitled '* An act granting bounty
lands to certain officers and soldiers who have been
engaged in the military service of the United
States," approved September 28, 1850, was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. CHASE. Let that be considered now.
The bill was read a second time by unanimous
consent, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr* STUART. I will ask the Senator from
Iowa if he knows what is the substance of that
proviso?
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I do, for I have ex-
amined the law. It prohibits any member of Con-
gress, who was such in 1850, when the law was
passed, from taking the benefits of the act. There
were a great number of colonels, majors, and
generals in the Congress of 1850, when the law
was passed, and they wished to be very patriotic,
and they excluded themselves from the benefits of
it. This allows them to take Us benefits.
Mr* STUART. I think it is right. They are
the poorest paid persons that we have under the
Government.
Mr. BRODHE A D. This bill is entirely i igiit;
but I want to add two other sections to it for the
extension of the bounty land laws.
Several Senators. Oh, no!
Mr. BROWN. The bill will be lost if we do
that.
Mr. BIlODHEAD. Gentlemen were so anx-
ious to puss them some time ago, that I thought
I would give them an opportunity to do it now;
but [ hear "Ohjnol" '•Oh,iioi>' all over the
Chamber.
Mr. STUART It will cause the bill to be lost*
Mr. BRODHEAD. They would pass the
House; t>ut., if it is contrary to the sense of the
Senate to offer them, I shall not do it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
SOUTHERN BOUNDARY OF NEW MEXICO.
The bill from the House of Representatives de-
claring the southern boundary of New Mexico,
was read, and ordeied to a second reading.
Mr. DO0GLAS. I ask for its consideration
now.
The bill was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct that, until otherwise pro-
vided by law, the territory acquired under the
Gadsden treaty, shall be incorporated into the
Territory of New Mexico, and be subject to all
its laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
EXTRA COMPENSATION.
The joint resolution from the House, making
appropriation for the payment of those entitled to
the benefits of the resolution of the House of
Representatives of the United States, passed Au-
gust 3, 1&54, voting extra compensation to pages,
folders, and others, was read twice, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WALKER, t move to amend by adding
an additional resolution:
be it further resolved, That there be paid to the
i l.iborei? iu the Capitol ground, for the present tis-cal year,
1 twenty p^r cent, upon the amount now allowed them by
law i!i addition thereto.
Mr. ST [J ART. I hope the Senate will not
, agree to the amendment. It seems to me we had
belter let the House take their own subjects by
themselves.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, These men stand out
in rain and snow. They do hard work, and are
i exposed to every kind of weather. I hope the
1 Senate will agree to the amendment.
: The amendment was rejected—ayes eight, noes
! not counted.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a thud reading, read a third time, and
a. S. LAUGHFRY.
On motion by Mr. PETTIT, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
