840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
March 10.
language. Power is given to the' Executive only
" to make temporary appointments." The very
next succeeding word's of the clause show the con-
stitutional intendment to be clearly that such an
appointment is to be temporary only—the power
being lodged in the Legislature only to fill a sen-
atorial term. The Constitution goes' on to say
that'whe« a vacancy happens'during the recess of
the Legislature, the Governor " rilay make Jem-
forary appointments- until the next meeting of the
legislature which shall thenfill sucll vacancies."
Now, sir, what is the vacancy to which the Con-
stitution refers? It is the vaaancy in the senato-
rial term, for senatorial terms are' carved out by
the Constitution and made to endure for six years.
When a vacancy happens, the term once begun,
and the succeeding Senator is elected by the Le-
gislature, he is elected', ndt for a term of six years—
the Constitution prohibits that'—but for the unex-
pired term, and thus he " fills the vacancy." That
Sower of filling the vacancy is reserved to the
•gislative body—the only power to fill it. I
say, then, that if the Executive appointment can
endure beyond the period when the" legislative body
meets, it may- become a power to fill the vacancy.
Thus, sir, if we give this restricted meaning to
the clause in question, as was strongly illustrated
by Che honorable and able Senator from North
Carolina,[Mr. BadOek,] on a formei-day, it would
enable the Legislatures of the various States, by
their action under iheConstitution, to make these
" temporary, appointments " temporary or not,at
their pleasure. The Constitution Says they shall
be " temporary appointments;" not appointments
to fill a vacancy, but such as are in their charac-
ter'pUrely temporary. If, however, you give-this
restricted meaning to the clause under considera-
tion , it would eftable the Legislatures', by failing to
elect, to destroy their temporary character, and
enable a Senator holding under them to'hold' during
a full term; and as the Legislature might elect
or not,, at its pleasure, the Executive appointment
would beheld, not under a limitation of tenure pre-
scribed by the Constitution, but at the will of the
State Legislature. I cannot, therefore, place upon
the clause such a construction afe would lead to
theseconsequencesjunless the text clearly requires
it.
Now, sir, the concluding words in the clause
are: " Until the next meeting of the Legislature,
which shall then fill such vacancies." This is not
a mandate upon the legislative body. There is no
power on earth that'can compel the Legislature of
a State to fill the vacancy.' The Constitution never
contemplated a mandate upon the Legislature to
fill the vacancy, because there is no sanction to
such a mandate. The Legislature may fill the va-
cancy or not, at their pleasure. What, then, is
the meaning of the Constitution, if it is not a man-
date under the sanctions of a mandate? Why,
the meaning simply is, that the power residing in
the Legislature, it is the constitutional intendment
that it shall be exercised when the organized con-
stituency of the State is in a condition to do it. If
they fail to do it, it results that the temporary ap-
pointment is at an end, because the properly organ-
zed constituency have declined to act.
Sir, as 1 understand the Constitution, it is a fed-
eration of the States, as well as a Government.
If the States determine to put an end to the feder-
ation, by refusing to elect Federal Senators, they
may do so under high responsibilities to their peo-
ple; and it is demonstrable, in such a view of the
Constitution, that if it could be in the power of the
Governors of the States to keep up a representation
in the Seriate under appointments emanating from
themselves, they might, by so doing, defeat the
will of the State.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. MASON. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. Do I understand the Senator
correctly as saying that the Legislature hasa right
or has the power to leave a State unrepresented ill
this body ?
Mr. MASON. I am not aware that I used (he
term "right;"but if 1 did, I meant it of course to
be synonymous with power,
Mr. SEW ARD. The Senator used the term
"right," and it was because I thought it liable to
misconstruction that I interrupted him.
Mr. MASON. Sir, the States are the parties
to the Constitution. Under that Constitution they
have obligated themselves each to the other to
send representatives to the Senate; but if they fail
to Send them, I apprehend it is perfectly immaterial
whether they fail to send them in the exercise of a
right or in the exercise of a power. They may fail
to do it, and they are responsible only to their own
people for that failure. The honorable Senator
frorii South Carolina, Who is the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, strongly' illustrated
this point in the remarks which he made on the
subject. If we give it this construction, it will be
in the-power of the Executives of the States,
against the policy, against the will of the Legisla-
ture, to keep up a full representation in the Senate,
although the legislative body refuse to authorize
it, and may be sustained by their people in so
doing. That, as I apprehend, would be to over-
throw the intention of the instrument, and it is a
construction to which wfe are brought by too close
an adherence to its letter in disregard of its spirit.
I should not,Mr.President,h&vegoneeven thus
far into the subject, but that it seemed due to
the gentleman fiorti Vermont, [Mr. Phelps,] who,
I am gratified to say, has shown in this debate, as
he has never failed to do in the Senate, an enlight-
ened and gifted mind, governed only by a sincere
and patriotic purpose. If there has ever been an
insinuation that that honorable gentleman desired
to hold his seat only because it was a desirable
seat to him, if could come only from a quarter un-
worthy the least respect. Sir, it has been my good
fortune to be associated with him on this floor for
several years, and I am sure I speak the opinion
of the body when I say, that he has never ad-
dressed himself to the Senate upon any subject
When his audience did not leave him gratified and
instructed. I shall be exceedingly sorry by my
vote to be compelled to part with him; but I am
perfectly satisfied, upon a' thorough examination
of the subject, that the Executive appointment
under which he claims to sit, terminated with the
session of the Legislature of his State which has
since intervened.
Suppose that we stick to the mere letter of this
clause, to what shall we be brought? According to
grammatical construction of the terms employed,
the Executive appointment would terminate on
the first day that the Legislature assembled; yet
we all agree, I presume, that the decision in Mr.
Smith's case was a correct decision, that the Ex-
ecutive appointment must last during the session
of the Legislature. Nor, I confess, in upholding
that decision, do I see that it is at all necessary to
resort to the analogy on which the honorable Sen-
ator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] relied, that it
was because the Constitution considered that the
whole'legislative term or session was but one day,
like the term of a court at common-law. Why,
sir, "meeting," in its popular sense, is pretty
much the same as " session." A meeting of the
Legislature is a session of the Legislature; and it
is m that sense, t suppose, it was used in the
Constitution. Many of the religious societies
designate their assemblages for religious purposes
as "meetings;" and they speak of the "meeting-
house." They do not use "meeting" as meaning
the mere coming together of the congregation, but
it is the assembling of the congregation and their
session for the prescribed period. Thet is the
"meeting," and that is what the Constitution
meant by the "meeting of the Legislature." The
phrase is not to be understood in a confined and
restricted sense, as the mere coming together of
the members who meet each other, but as a "meet-
ing" in the popular sense. The "meeting," as
used in the Constitution, is, I think, undoubtedly
the assemblage and the session of the body, it
could never have been intended that the Legisla-
ture should make the appointment at the first
coming together of the members. I think, there-
fore, that the decision which was made by the
Senate in the case of Mr. Smith, by the adoption
of the resolution of Mr. Giles, was the correct and
sensible exposition of the meaning of that word in
the Constitution. Great difficulties would ensue
if we were to give too narrow a construction to
the phrase; if, in the effort to give to eaclfword its
peculiar and significant meaning, wedisregard the
larger intendments of the Constitution. Suppose
%ve give the clause a literal construction. It says
that the Legislature, at the first meeting after the
vacancy, or after the temporary appointment,
" shall then fill" the vacancy. Suppose that the
Legislature, as in the case from Vermont, does not
fill the vacancy, then, according to the strict letter
of the clause, no subsequent Legislature could, be-
cause by the Constitution the power of filling the
vacancy would seem to be reposed only in the
first Legislature which met afler the vacancy. The
language is: " The Executive thereof may make
temporary appointments, until tlte next meeting
of the Legislature, which shall then fill such va-
cancies." If they d<? not fill it then, I think, by
strict grammatical construction, the power isgone
from them. This is an illustration of the well-
known and strictly just rule, that if one sticks to
the letter, his arrow will stick in the bark, and
not penetrate beyond the surface. I am con-
strained, therefore, to vote that the gentleman
from Vermont is not entitled to bis Seat
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President 
Mr. RUSK. I propose, if the Senator will al-
low me, to move to postpone the further consider-
ation of this subject until to-morrow, in order
that we may have an Executive session. I un-
derstand that others wish to speak, so that we
shall not get through to-day, at all events.
Mr. MASON, The Senator will allow me to
say that I have learned that there are many Sen-
ators who desire yet to be heard, and 1 do not
think there is any probability of having the vote
taken to-day; but I am perfectly willing, so far as
I am concerned, to have the vote taken, and the
question disposed of, if possible.
Mr. TOUCEY. I am 'willing, personally, to
take any course which may be agreeable to the
Seriate. I shall not occupy much time in submit-
ting: my views m regard to this question. Being
a member of the Committee on the Judiciary, and
not having participated in its deliberations on this
subject, I feel as ifit were due to myself that'I
should express my views, which are in opposition
to those of a majority of the committee who par-
ticipated in the report.
I have listened with attention to the debate in
favor of the right of the honorable gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Phelps] to a seat here; but I con-
fess, sir, I have not been able to bring my mind
to any doubt—any real, practical doubt.—as to the
matter of light. I should, personally, be very
glad to be able to vote in favor of allowing him to
retain his seat; but with the view which I enter-
tain of the provision of the Constitution under
which this controversy arises, it is impossible for
me to do so. Sir, I think that the particular in-
tent, and the general intent, of the Constitution are
both against his retaining the seat; and, although
I have attended very strictly to the construction
which he has put upon this clause, yet I do not
think that it is justified, either by the letter or by
the spirit of that instrument'.
No w, si r, th ere is one general provision, to which,
I think, in giving a construction to the clause nn-
der consideration, particular attention should be
drawn. It has already been often alluded to:
" The Senate of the United States shall bo composer! of
two Senators from each State, chosen by the Legislature
tlioreol, for six years,"
This is a general proposition, universal in its
terms. It confers upon the Legislature the ex-
clusive power to appoint members of this body.
No language could be adopted which would be
more general and comprehensive. And in this
language the framers of the Constitution, and the
people who adopted it, evinced the most entire and
unlimited confidence in the Legislatures of the
States for the discharge of this duty. I wo.uld
state it, as a proposition to which there is no
exception, that when the legislative body has an
opportunity to act upon the subject, the Executive
has no right to act upon it. There is no intent
to grant to the Executive a power to supervise the
action of the Legislature. There is no intent to'give
to the Executive the power to supply an omission,
to remedy a neglect, or to overrule a derision of
the Legislature. If the Legislature see fit to post-
pone the subject, I apprehend they have a right to
do so. If they permit the subject to pass by si-
lently, or if they come to a formal resolution to
postpone it to a future session, they have a right
to do so. And in neither of these cases has the
Executive any power to revise their action. The
only power to revise it is with the people. I will
put. the strongest case that can exist. If the mem-
bers of the Legislature should undertake to sub-
vert this Government, and should refuse from'
thenceforward to appoint Senators to represent
the State here, there is no remedy for it, except
with the people, by electing a Legislature that
