2210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4,
it controls for a time the rights of Vermont, does
not deprive her of her constitutional ri$ht of rep-
resentation, or destroy in any degree the right
which New Hampshire claims to representation
on this floor. Claims under the Constitution can-
not b_e adjudicated in that way, even by a unan-
imous vote of the Senate. As well may we say
that the principles involved in the river and harbor
bill, since the bill passed against our votes, are
settled, and forever adjudicated, and as often as
they arise in other bills, we are therefore pre-
cluded from voting against them, aa to say that
those who in principle voted for the rights of Ver-
mont shall givfr up their principles, and vote jj
against the rights of New Hampshire, in con- f
sequence of a former decision. ;
No, sir; as often as cases arise which raise ;
questions involving the same constitutional right,
it is their duty and privilege to reiterate and sus-
tain these principles by their vows arid votes.
The first question, then, for consideration in this
case, was properly raised by the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, in his minority re-
port, when he says " the question depends on the
construction given to the words 4 until the next
meeffhgoftheLegislature,' "contained m the Con-
stitution, whether they are limited in their appli-
cation to the appointing power, or have reference
also to the duration or term of office conferred by
the appointment. The report of the committee
[lien denied the Vermont right of representation,
to Vermont that right during, the session of j
which
gave w.
her Legislature next succeeding i an Executive
appointment. They said that, for* the purpose of
making an election,the Legislature had the whole j
session to consult and deliberate, and act upon it; j
and that the seat of the appointee was not vacated, j
his appointment did not expire until the legislative ;
session expired, and was closed. Finding fault, j
;therefore, as New Hampshire did, with the report |
•which excluded Judge Phelps from his seat, they
found in the last clause of that report enough to
give her the right of representation, as she believed.
until her legislative session expires, and to induce
her to instruct me not to leave my seat here until
that question was raised. I have raised it with
extreme delicacy, and against my own wishes and
feelings. However much I shall always remem-
ber, and be grateful for, the kind courtesy with
which I have been treated here, I have long refused
every effort an extension of my term of duty here,
believing for that I had holier and higher duties,
arising out of my delicate and failing health, and
my family, which required that I should attend to
thera. But 1 have not felt at liberty to omit to do
anything to save to New Hampshire the right of
representation here; for she believes she is con-
stitutionally entitled to it.
But I am not vain enough to stand here and
undertake to detain the Senate in the discussion
of that question, thinking that I can throw any
new light upon that part of the case. It has been
ably discussed in an argument by the honorable j
Mr. Phelps, which we believe has never been
answered. We believe it to be unanswerable, and j
we believe that if the case is revised, the decision j
will some time be reversed. |
But we do not stand there, and my duty at this j
time has not led me to ask that the consideration
of the report may be delayed, for the purpose
which the honorable Senator from Tennessee sug-
gests, that I might receive more pay. I can say
to that Senator that i shall not appear here for
m-ore pay. If New Hampshire feele^an interest
imthis question, enough to present the facts in re-
gard to the adjournment of our Legislative, which
will satisfy the Senate that,under the decision al- j
ready made, she is entitled to representation heie, j
it is her right to claim it. If she does not do that,
I can say to the honorable Senator that I claim no
pay, no right of representation. I am anxious to
disabuse the minds of those who entertain the
opinion, if there be such, that I am a hanger-on
here for place and pay. I disclaim any such pur-
pose. I despise it; but I also despise that policy
which would induce me to leave my seat without
a fair and proper expression, on the part of the
Senate, in regard to the rights of New Hampshire.
That i claim for my State, not for myself. I
have claimed it under the most reasonable circum-
stances which I could. It came up here late. The
committee have availed themselves of such facts
in regard to the adjournment as they have beeVi
able to get. A oopy of the Journal was produced
as early as possible, showing an unconditional ad-
journment. The copy which is in the report of the
Judiciary Committee shows that the regular session
of the New Hampshire Legislature commenced
last June; and that it was continued regularly,
with short adjournments, until they adjourned last
month to the'last Wednesday of May next—to a
day certain and definite.
The record under the seal of the State shows
this fact—and an absolute unconditional adjourn-
ment to this day, the last legislative day of the
Eear in which the present members of the State
.egislature can legislate before their legislative
functions are required to bedissolved by the Gov-
ernor. On that record, under the decision made,
New Hampshire believes her right to representa-
tion under the appointment of the Executive is
as perfect as it has ever been. There seems
nothing to be supplied, or which can be rendered
more clear by argument. A court commences
its regultri* session to-day, and for its convenience
adjourns from day to day, or for weeks or months,
not extending its adjournments into a session
established by law, the business doneat the differ-
ent periods of adjournment is regarded as of one
and the same session, and in law butone day. So
the General Court of New Hampshire, as their
Legislature is called, adjourns from time to time,
as their business may require; and unless it ad-
journs over to the next session fixed by law, all
the adjournments are but a continuation of the
same session, are regarded and described as of the
same session, and are so in fact. It was so ad-
mitted by representatives in our last Legislature,
in their debates; and to hold their right of repre-
sentation here under the Executive appointment,
according to the decision already made by the
Senate. Indeed, it is difficult to understand how
we can go beyond the record of an absolute ad-
journment to a fixed day, to impeach the validity
of that adjournment by other transactions discon-
nected with it, and of which I am satisfied your
committee have taken an erroneous view, occasion-
ed probably from not having all the facts connected
with the transaction before them. If time is
given, the State, I am confident, will present suf-
ficient facts to satisfy even the committee, that
•the Legislature of New Hampshire has not, as
they say in their report, adjourned sine die, but
its organization is kept up; and is continued m full
life and being, with power and purposes of action,
on the last Wednesday of May next.
Mr. COOPER. I desire to ask one question
for information. Is not the mode of adjournment
adopted by the Legislature of New Hampshire at
its late session the ordinary method of final ad-
journment? Do they not always adjourn in that
way?
Mr. WILLIAMS. They ordinarily adopt that
mode of adjournment, but they do not fldopt it as
a sine die adjournment. The committee are mis-
taken about the facts in regard to that point, and
they must have got them from other sources than
the record. The Legislature supposed that the
record was the only evidence they need furnish;
and under that view they have furnished evidence
showing an adjournment to   day certain; but the
committee, in consequence, ! suppose, of the fact
about which the gentleman from Pennsylvania has
inquired, that they are in the habit of adjourning
to that day, were disposed to regard it as a close
of their labors, and an adjournment, as they say,
j sine die, which is a contradiction of the record,
i The record showsan adjournment, in theordinary
way, to ad ay certain.
| Mr. CdfcPER. 1 desire to inquire of the Sen-
ator whether it is not always to a day certain
when the adjournment is final?
Mr. WILLIAMS. New Hampshire has con-
sidered it a safe and proper way of adjourn-
ment to adjourn to a day certain. The Legis-
lature have done so; and the committee seem to
have inferred from thatcircumstance that the busi-
ness of the Legislature was finished; and they 1
say, in their report, that it appears the business i
was finished. The business which the Legislature j
chtise to transact at that period was undoubtedly j
finished so far that they thoughtit best to adjourn; j
but they did not say that their business Was fin- [
ished, or that they did not intend to do any busi-*
ness at the adjourned session; but, even if the
business was finished, and there was nothing left
which they could do at the adjourned .session, I
apprehend that fact would not,in any way, affect
the adjournment made by the Legislature, if their
adjournment was with an expectation that there
would be more business at the future period. It is
like all other adjournments; and in regard to that
matter, I do not now wish to trouble the Senate
any further than to say that the understanding of
that adjournment by the-Legislature, which they
would be very glad to show, if they show a case
here at all, was that it continued their session to
the day to which they adjourned, and that that
adjournment, like similar adjournments by all
other courts, kept their session alive up to the day
fixed by the adjournment. A court holds its regu-
lar session, if you please, to-day. _ For its con-
venience it adjourns from day to day, from week
'* to week, or from month to month; but provided it
does not adjourn until the next regular session
fixed by law, it is a continuation of the term of the
court up ft) the time to which it adjourns, and in
law, and in fact, it is but one day. So the ad-
journment of the New Hampshire Legislature,
which is the general court of the State, so styled,
co/nmericed their session on the first Wednesday
of June last. They transacted such business as,
they thought proper from day to day, and from
week to week; and under an apprehension that
there might be other business before it was safe to
adjourn the sesjsion without day, or to dissolve
or disorganize it, for the purpose of retaining their
organization, for the purpose of keeping the ses-
sion m being for the transaction of business, that-
they may, whenever'Lhey assemble in the same
political capacity, officered and organized as they
are, proceed to transact business, have thought
proper to adjourn to a day certain.
After thai, proceeding, we suppose that what
ever may have been their previous conduct, or
their own tacit understanding, or whether they
may omit to attend in pursuance of that adjourn-
ment or not, has nothing to do with the adjourn-
ment, and can in no way impeach its validity.
We do not know, in fact, how this matter is to
bp understood and settled, except by the record.
We know of no authority to go beyond the record
in order to determine this question. The record
shows that the adjournment was nothing but an
adjournment to a day certain. We believe that
the committee, in saying that the adjournment
was conditional, as if the business of the session
was finished,and then presuming that the business
was finished, and that it was, therefore, an ad-
joqgpment sine die, have drawn an inference which
they would not have done, if they were in posses-
sion of all the facts.
My wish is, that the Senate may be possessed
of all the facts. I wish the Senate to give the State
of New Hampshire an opportunity to present the
facts, if they conclude to present them. They will,
and they can show them; and I believe, from the
information which I have received by letters, that
they feel an interest not to be deprived of their con-
stitutional right of representation here. Whether
they get it or not, they can show that this adjourn-
ment was not a sine die adjournment; that it was
not a mere formal or technical adjournment, as
seems to be apprehended by the committee; but
an adjournment in good faith, in the expectation
of transacting business at the time to which they
stand adjourned. We supposed, from the inform-
ation we had from the committee, that the com-
mittee believe that to be a material and a control-
ling fact, and one that would guide them. That is
what we claim under this application.
If J had taken any course which would tend to
deprive them of an opportunity of showing that,
if they desired, it would have been, in my judg-
ment, a dereliction of duty, i have been gratified
with the opportunity which has been afforded me
of making this statement. If the case could be
disposed of in a way which would give the State
of New Hampshire an opportunity of showing
this, if they desired it, I should feel relieved; i
should feel as if the rights of a sovereign State
had been at least more respected than they were
in the summary decision of their application made
at five o'clock^this morning. Other gentlemen
wish to discuss this matter. Gentlemen who
claim this right, which was claimed by Vermont,
to be a perfect right of representation for New
Hampshire, have said to me that whenever the
question came up thev-wished to discuss it again,
and that they should do it with great confidence
jhat the decision then made would be overruled.
Whether that may be the action of the Senate or
