1852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 81,
great deal of credit upon himself for being a mem-
ber of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Is he
ignorent of the fact that such a communication
was sent?
Mr. PERKINS. I did not hear the remark of
the gentleman.
Mr. MAURICE. The gentleman stated that,
being on the Committee on Foreign Affairs, he
was entirely ignorant that such a communication
was ever sent.
Mr. PERKINS. What communication ?
Mr. MAURICE. The communication in re-
lation to the Black Warrior, addressed by Mr.
Soule to the Spanish Government.
Mr. PERKINS. I never intended to say any
such thing. I spoke of an insolent communica-
tion.
Mr. MAURICE. The great objection the gen-
tleman from Louisiana takes to our address is,
that we state that a communication, insolent in
tone and insulting in manner, was addressed to
the Spanish Government. I ask the gentleman
whether it has not been published in all the news-
papers from the London Times even down to the
Washington Union ? [Laughter.] Whether, in
fact, the correspondent of the London Times did
not publish a letter in which he describes almost
every one of the demands, and gives us the lan-
guage in which they are couched; and whether the
gentleman from Louisiana, in his capacity as a
member of the Committee on Foreign AlFairs,
could not go to the Secretary of State and receive
information confirmatory of these facts? We do
not state them as matters within our knowledge,
but as matters of which we had credible informa-
tion; and I believe as religiously as I believe any
fact, that the gentleman has only to proceed from
his seat in this Hall to the Depattment of State to
derive the most convincing evidence of the truth
of our assertions.
I did not propose when I rose to say anything
more than simply to make a single remark, be-
cause I have made arrangements to go home this
afternoon. When I return, at the meeting of
Congress after t!ie recess, I will take occasion, if
it shall become necessary, to vindicate every sen-
timent ami every word contained in the address.
Mr. PERKINS. As the gentleman from New !
York [Mr. Maurice] seems to expect a reply, I
will make one, although I do not conceive that
one is required, for he has so modified what were
positive* or what appeared to he positive, asser-
tions into mere matters of opinion, that I am dis-
posed to leave his remarks as the beat explanation
of the address.
Mr. MAURICE, (interrupting.) They are
expressly stated in the address as on information.
Mr. PERKINS. Yes, "on credible informa-
tion." When members of Congress, however,
Mr. Chairman, issue from Washington an address
to their constituencies, stating as facts matters of
which they " are credibly informed," something
more is generally understood than mere newspa-
* per reports. I certainly attached more importance
to the statements of the address than 1 could pos-
sibly have done to any mere newspaper article;
and I have no doubt that gentlemen will find that
their dignity and character as representatives of
New York will give to what they have asserted
on u credible information" an impoYtance through-
out the country altogether beyond what it will
have, when known to be only the repetition of
something that the London Times has said.
One other word, Mr. Ciianman. I wish the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Maurjck] to '
know, that whether he designs it or not by his ,
question, he will get no reply from me as a mem- ;
ber of the Committee on Foreign Affairs which, I
by inference or in any way, will give information i
on the subject of this debate. If he addresses him- '
self to thechairman of that committee, and he (the !
chairman) thinks it desirable or necessary that j
any statement should be made, he will, no doubt, ,
make it. The gentleman refers nAe to the Secre-1
tary of State, if 1 desire to be thoroughly informed, ij
on such and such a point, in regard to the course !l
pursued by our Minister at Madrid. Sir, 1 do not ,1
wish to be obliged to go beyond the gentleman's ^
own statement. 1 am not here as the special guar- . i
dian of the character of our Minister at Madrid. |:
1 do not deal with men but with principles, nor do ij
I discuss mere opinions; but I will say to the gen- -
tleman from New York, lest his pointed expres- -|
sion should have more weight than ought to be i (
attached to it, that passing by the Secretary of
State's office this morning, on my way to the
House, and just after having read his address, I
inquired, in the proper cjuarter, if our Minister at
Madrid had conducted himself in a manner to merit
such language as has been applied to him; and the
reply I received was, that information of no such
conduct had been received at the State Depart-
ment, nor had there been any thing stated by the
State Department from which such conduct might
be inferred. After this, sir, it may be supposed I
was surprised to learn that the " credible inform-
ation," spoken of in this address, was nothing
more than newspaper report. An imagination has
crossed my mind. The gentleman may consider
my statement of it unkind, but it is not meant as
unkindness, nor will 1, by mentioning it, attribute
the wrong involved in it to him or to either of the
gentlemen who signed the address; but, Mr. Chair-
man, it must be known to this House and to the
country that there prevails a very general impres-
sion throughout the country that England and
France sometimes assume to represent the interests
of Spain; and that information with reference to
Cuba and with reference to our Minister at Madrid,
is frequently disseminated through these sources,
and by some unreflecting persons esteemed cred-
ible. It is clear that some such inference, as to
the credible authority, might have been drawn
from the representation of the gentleman who de-
fends the address here to-day, had he not distinctly
stated that his information was drawn from the
London Times and other papers.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, the
reference made in this debate to the paper which
has, for the first time, appeared this morning in
the columns of the National Intelligencer, over the
signatures of certain members from New York, |
certainly strips this question, altogether, of the
local character which one of these gentlemen at-
tempted to give it. It has been represented to this
committee, by one of the gentlemen who have
spoken in reference to it, that tins address was de-
signed for the constituents of the signers; and yet
we see it paraded in one of the leading papers of'i
this city, for the general reading of the whole |
country, and for the purpose of producing a gen- J
eral effect. Well, sir, I take this occasion to re- j
mark that I hope the gentleman will not any more I
attempt to intimate, either by direction or mdirec- !
tion, that in preparing this address they were
merely actuated by the desire to reconcile them-
selves with their constituencies. I hope that gen-
tlemen will always act on the square, and come up
manfully to the. question, and not affect, for an in-
stant, to desire to be rhought that in their action
they were desirous to limit its effect to their own
constituencies, and not to carry out a general
object.
I say, sir, that this address was intended to
have its effect upon public sentiment. I say it
was designed to do injury, deep and vital, to the
Democratic party. I wish it distinctly under-
stood, and I wish the country to understand it,
that the gentlemen who subscribed this paper can
no longer hold themselves as a part and parcel of
the Democratic partv. [Laughter.]
Mr. PECKHAM' Oh, don't! don't! [Renewed
laughter.]
Mr. SMITH. Gentlemen may laugh, but, as
a distinguished gentleman once said, there are
many sorts of laughter; and, my life upon it, if
there is proper intelligence and patriotism among
their constituents, theirs will be that kind of laugh-
ter which was happily denominated by a cele-
brated gentleman now no more, as the sardon- j
icmrivus. i
I wish I had time to read to the committee the i
extraordinary statements of this paper. It is an i
open, direct, and most characteristic attack upon I
the Democratic party, as I contend, and upon the j<
Administration as its chief. And not satisfied !:
with that, it undertakes to rake up all the tattle'
and scandal of the country—ail the Abolition tattle i'
and scandal of the country—for the purpose of j i
getting up a prejudice against the Democratic!
party, and against the friends of the Nebraska:
bill. But that is not all. It has assailed a dis- j
languished representative of our country at a for- f
eign Court—the Court of Spain. And here, in the i;
face of the world, they say they justify themselves j:
in so doing upon credible evidence. Now, sir, !
when a gentleman, upon the responsibility of his i
name, in dealing with his constituents, says he H
■ does a thing upon credible evidence, he is bound,
! as a man, as a gentleman, and as a citizen, to be
, prepared to show that evidence, and to make it
; good. The only evidence upon this subject which
j they have, is that which has been stated here by
i the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Peck;] and
; what is it ? it is the sentiments which Mr. Soule
i uttered in a speech which he delivered when he
! was a member of the Senate, and before his ap-
pointment as a representative abroad. That,
then, is the evidence they have upon which to
found these charges. That is the evidence, says
■ one, while another speaks of evidence collected
. from the newspapers of the country.^ Upon this
unsubstantial evidence—this evidence*, as baseless
| as the fabric of a vision, gentlemen, gravely deal-
! ing with their constituents, with whom they
! ought to deal with candor, have relied to pamper
the appetite and the unenlightened prejudice of
those they represent. •
We had it rumored, Mr. Chairman, rumored, I
say—and thosegentlemen, I suppose,will recognize
the validity of that kind oftestimony, of course—we
had ltrumored through this city that there was to
be a great gathering of the political elements of this
House opposed to the Nebraska bill; and it was
rumored that the northern Whigs were inducing
certain gentlemen, the " Softs," as they may be
called, of the Democratic party—and I do not
refer to the New York "Softs" by their late party
designation, but to the term as properly descrip-
tive of weak and feeble members of the Demo-
; cratic faith—we had it rumored, I say, in the
streets of this city, that there was to be a great
gathering of all the elements of opposition, and
; that as many Democrats were to be drawn into
the scheme as practicable, for the purpose of get-
ting up a grand manifesto, a grand appeal to the
country, thereby to crush all those who dared to
assist m the passage of the Nebraska bill. Well,
! we heard a great deal about it and there was some
1 impression made, but it had died away, as i sup-
i posed, when lo and behold ! this address appeared
i this morning. Monies partwiunt, nascitur ridicu-
lus mus! It has all ended in the production of this
address. Sir, these gentlemen have referred to
mere newspaper rumors as testimony, and I will
answer for it, although I do not pretend to speak
, by any sort ofauthority, that when the real facts
' come to be knawn, the opinion which they ex-
press in regard to the conduct of our representa-
tive at Madrid will be found to be utterly un-
founded and unwarranted.
I must be permitted, sir, to express my deep re-
gret that these gentlemen, in communicating with
their constituents, should have thought proper to
refer to such feeble and insufficient testimony as
that upon which they rely. They could have had
no purpose to enlighten their constituents by that
address. Composed as it is of the most extraor-
1 dinary statements and allegations, and of the most
extraordinary array of testimony, I say that they
, could have had no purpose—none under the sun—>
| to enlighten their constituents or to give them a
i true or proper conception of tfc eir relations to the
; South. The purpose is to excite their prejudices.
The purpose is to do injury to the Democratic
, party. The purpose is to pull down the Admin-
i istration, without which, of course, no successful
I Democratic policy could be carried out. That is
. the aim, and by the road which they are now trav-
eling, they will be found, in a very brief space of
. time, in hearty fellowship with the various isms,
and parties that are arrayed against the Demo-
cratic party.
Mr. MAURICE, (interrupting.) And with Mr.
, Gushing.
| Mr. SMITH. I dare say you would be very
j happy to have him with you.
Sir, I will say that gentlemen who make war
  upon the Administration, and act with theAbo-
' htionists, are bound to be of the opposition. I
do not mean to use the term ii Abolitionists" as
a reproach with respect to some of them. There
is one gentleman on this floor whom I respect with
all my heart. He is a beautiful illustration of an
erroneous sentiment. [Laughter.] He holds ex-
treme opinions, but he never forgets that his posi-
tion demands that here, and I presume everywhere
he should express his opinions in the language o f
a gentleman. I am most happy to take that gen-
tleman ever and everywhere by the hand, because
I am comforted by the beautiful sentiment of Mr.
Jefferson, that " error ceases to be dan^enua
