042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
ture*," and if it was the intention of the framers
of the Constitution that the vacancies should be
filled daring the whole session, they meant pre-
cisely the same thing when they spoke of an
appointment until the next meeting of the Legis-
ture.
That class of precedents is therefore right in
which it is held that the person appointed by the
Executive holds during the whole session of the
Legislature which follows, unless, in the mean
time, the vacancy is filled. But if it is filled,
and notice given of it, then the appointment ter-
minates. The other construction is a forced one.
It is an unnatural construction. It discloses a
recondite meaning—one which the mind, upon
the first perusal of this clause, would not de-
tect. It requires the ingenuity and the. ability
which, I may be permitted to say, have been dis-
played in a very great degree in this debate, to
discover and to enforce the construction which has
been urged in behalf of the right of the Senator
from Vermont to hold his seat. I say that the
framersof the Constitution would not, in my judg-
ment, put that construction upon it. The people
adopting it would be equally strangers to it. On
the other hand, the construction which is generally
looked upon as the true one, is in fact the palpa-
ble, obvious construction that strikes the mind
upon the first perusal of the words; and then, when
you may add that it is precisely in conformity with
the theory of the Constitution, that the States are
represented in the Senate, that its members are
chosen by the State Legislatures, and that an Ex-
ecutive appointment is a mere exception founded
upon absolute necessity, and limited by that ne-
cessity, it seems to me that the result is inevitable.
I am, therefore, constrained to cast my vote against
the resolution reported by a majority of the com-
mittee, and against the right of the claimant.
Mr. GEYER. As a member of the Committee
on the Judiciary, and one of the majority respon-
sible for the report under consideration, I regard
it as part of my duty to state the reasons which
influenced my vote in committee. I do not intend
to discuss at large the questions involved, nor
even to present an extended argument in support
of my opinions; but I desire to present some con-
siderations which seem to me to have been entirely
overlooked by gentlemen who have spoken on the
other side in this discussion.
There is but one section of the Constitution
that makes any provision for the appointment of
Senators or their term of office, and when that is
analyzed, it will be seen that, if the letter is ad-
hered to, there are several cases unprovided for.
Provision is first made for the representation of
the States in the Senate, and the appointment of
Senators for the full term; next for the classifica-
tion of Senators, and then for supplying vacan-
cies. Thus far no difficulty has arisen in reference
to the two first clauses; but at a very early period
a question was made upon the latter clause, which
provides for appointments to supply vacancies,
whether the word u until " qualifies the power of
the Executive, or limits the term of the temporary
appointment. It was deliberately resolved by the
Senate that the appointment extended beyond the
first meeting of the Legislature. Since then there
have been a great number of cases in which that
decision has been affirmed in practice; and, al-
though it has been said that the case now under
consideration is entirely new, it is only so in some
©f its parts; the principle involved has been long
since decided, and that decision uniformly recog-
nized in practice, as the true interpretation of the
Constitution.
Since the commencement of the present session
of Congress I heard it asserted, for the first time,
that the temporary appointment is limited by the
words "until the next meeting of the Legislature,"
while it is admitted that it extends beyond the
commencement of the session, according to the
decision and practice of the Senate. Thisvposition
is attempted to be maintained by substituting the
word " session " for the word i( meeting," in the
clause in question, so as to embrace the entire pe-
riod between the meeting and the final adjourn-
ment of the Legislature. This interpretation, or,
rather, change of the phraseology of the clause in
question, is, in my judgment, inadmissible. It
rejects the limitation on the power of the Exec-
utive altogether, or it extends it through the entire
session of the Legislature, or else it assumes that
the words in question limit both the appointment
and the power of the Executive; but the word
" meeting " means the commencement of the ses-
sion in reference to the power, and the end of the
session in reference to the appointment.
According to my understanding of the clause
in question, the only qualification or limitation of
the appointment, is the adjective 14 temporary."
The Executive may, until the next meeting (the
commencement of the session) make temporary
appointments which ex vi termini continue until
the vacancy is filled by the Legislature or the
original term expires.
But let us look at the whole section which pro-
vides for the appointment and classification of
Senators.
" The Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two Senatois from each Smte, chosen by the Legislature
thereof for six years, and each Senator shall have one vote."
This clause provides for the original appoint-
ment qf Senators, and their successors, for the full
term, after the classification according to the next
clause, which provides for the classification of the
Senators first appointed, and does not in terms in-
clude Senators from the States thereafter admitted
into the Union. The Senators are to be divided
as equally as may be into three classes, and
"The seats of the Senators of the first class shall be
vacated at the expiration of the second year, of the second
class at the expiration of the fourth year, and of the third
class at the expiration of the sixth year."
When a new State is admitted into the Union,
you class her Senators by Jot, but not in virtue
of any authority expressly delegated, but to carry
out the intent of the framers of the Constitution,
that the Senators should at all times be divided
as equally as may be into three classes, and the
terms of one third vacated at the expiration of
every second year.
It has been repeatedly said by Senators that the
primary power of appointment is vested in the
Legislature; and it is true that they have not only
the primary but the sole power of making an ap-
pointment for the full term, but their authority to
supply a vacancy is conferred by the same clause
which authorizes the Executive to make tempo-
rary appointments; and, according to the inter-
pretation put upon that clause by the Senator from
North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] it confers no
power on the Legislature to supply a vacancy
happening during the session of that body.
It is in these words:
"And if vacancies happen by resignation or otherwise?
during the recess of the I,e*ri<ilatwre of any State, the Ex-
ecutive thereof may make temporary appointments until
the next meeting of the Legislature, which shall then fill
said vacancies."
Of course if we adhere to the letter of the clause,
the Legislature can fill a vacancy only when it
happens in the recess, not when it occurs during
their session; and yet such appointments have
been often made and never disputed, not because
of any specific grant or recognition, by the Con-
stitution, of the authority of the Legislature to
make them. The power is derived by implication
to carry out the apparent intent of the framers
of the Constitution, that all vacancies should be
filled so that, as far as practicable, each State
should be fully represented at all times. The
Executive is authorized to make temporary ap-
pointments only in cases where a vacancy hap-
pens in the recess of the Legislature, and he can
exercise it only during such recess. Whenever
the Legislature is in session, their power to fill
the vacancy attache?, by the letter of the clause
in question, if it happened in the recess, and, by
necessary implication, if it occurred during a
session.
The honorable Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Toucey] has given us the true reading: of the Con-
stitution as it is, by supposing that if it had been
the intention only to limit the power of the Exec-
utive, the precise phraseology of that part of the
clause in question would have been, " the Exec-
utive may, until the next meeting of the Legisla-
ture, make temporary appointments;" and because
the collocation of the same words, in the clause
under consideration, is somewhat different, and
therefore not quite so clear, he supposes that it was
intended to limit the appointment to the meeting
of the Legislature. The plain answer to this ar-
gument is, that the use of the adjective " tempo-
rary" qualifies and limits the appointment, and
therefore no other limitation could have been in-
tended. The term of each Senator is fixed by the
Constitution; and of course when a vacancy
occurs the tenure of an appointment filling such
vacancy is also fixed. The " temporary appoint-
ment" is of uncertain tenure, it is determined
when the vacancy is filled by the Legislature,
which may be at any time during a session, and
cannot, under any circumstances, extend beyond
the end of the original term, though " the next
meeting of the Legislature "shall not take place for
a year or two thereafter. ,
I have said, that I understand it to be the gen-
eral purpose and intendment of the Constitution
that each State should be fully represented in the
Senate. There are, however, a number of cases
in which a vacancy may exist not expressly pro-
vided for by the Constitution. There may happen
a vacancy during the sitting of the Legislature,
but unknown to that body, and they adjourn with-
out making an appointment. In that case, if the
rule suggested by the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut is the proper one, we might, perhaps,
recognize an appointment by the Executive, be-
cause the Legislature had not an opportunity to
act. This he supposes to have been the principle
of the decision in the case of a Senator from Ar-
kansas—not from Iowa, which, by mistake, I
think, was referred to by the Senator.
But the principle upon which the appointment
by the Governor in the Arkansas case was recog-
nized as valid, is, I think, mistaken by the Senator
from Connecticut. The Senators from Arkansas
were appointed for six years, subject, of course,
to be assigned to a class to serve for a shorter pe-
riod. The term of one of them [Mr. Sevier] was
cut short by that process; and his term, so lim-
ited, expired during the recess of the Legislature.
Thus an unexpected, an accidental vacancy, hap-
pened when the Legislature of Arkansas was not
in session, and for that reason a temporary ap-
pointment by the Governor was recognized as
valid.
That case, I think, might be referred to as au-
thority in favor of the interpretation for which I
contend. Certainly there was nothing in it, es-
pecially after the decision in Lanman's case, to
refer the power of appointment by the Executive
to any specific grant in the Constitution; the
power was deduced by implication, in order to
carry out the general intent of the Constitution,
to have a full representation of each State in the
Senate.
And now, sir, when we are to construe a clause
of the Constitution admitted to be doubtful by the
honorable Senator from Connecticut, and -others,
ought we to adopt a construction which will add
to the number of cases in which a State must re-
main for a time unrepresented ? On the contrary,
is it not our duty, Mr. President, to give to
doubtful words that interpretation most favorable
to the intent of the framers of the Constitution of
which they are susceptible ? I have said that origi-
nally the controversy was whether the word
" until" limited the power of the Executive or the
appointment, or both. It was held that the ap-
pointment extended beyond the meeting of the
Legislature, and consequently the power of the
Executive only was limited. That being the es-
tablished doctrine of the Senate, I maintain that it
decides the case under consideration, unless the
construction now for the first time contended for,
| is adopted, by which the words of the Constitu-
tion are to be displaced and others substituted.
We are told by the honorable Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Badger]—and his interpre-
tation is adopted by the Senators from Virginia
[Mr. Mason] and Connecticut [Mr. Toucey]—
that the word '"meeting" means "session;" that
is, the whole space of time between the first meet-
ing and final adjournment of the Legislature. But
the Senator from North Carolina informs us that
the true rule of construction requires that the lan-
! guage of the Constitution should always be under-
j stood in its popular sense, except where technical
I words are used; and I understand him to assert
I that "meeting," in its popular sense, means "ses-
j sion."
i Now, sir, I recognize the rule of interpretation
j mentioned by the Senator to be sound, but I can-
i not agree that "meeting" means session, in a
i popular sense. I have consulted all the lexicons
to which I had access, and in no one of them have
I found that signification attached to it. In all of
them " meeting" means an assembling, a coming
together—sometimes a congregation or collection
of people—but it never signifies a legislative body,
