1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2211
not, I, in justification of the claim made here for
New Hampshire, have stated that if the facts in |
regard to that adjournment be shown, f have per- !
f>rt confidence that the minds of the Judiciary j
Committee will be changed. 1 say this, knowing !
what their decision Vas, and it was upon that
point that New Hampshire relied rather than upon
any change of opinion in the Senate since the
decision of Judge Phelps's case.
Mr. BAYARD. The question now is on post-
ponement, and I will confine my remarks to it.
The honorable gentlematf from New Hampshire
asks for the postponement of this matter on two
grounds. One is with a view to review the decis-
ion of this body made at the present session,after
a prolonged argument, in which the majority of
the Senate decided the principle which the Judi-
ciary Committee supposed to govern this case.
Sir, f am no stickler for precedents in reference to
the decision of legislative bodies; but it is evident
that the body wilt not change; the individual
members will not change materially during the
fexistine; Congress, and therefore there is no prob-
ability that any further discussion would enlighten
us on that subject, orchangea vote in the Senate.
The other ground is, that there are facts to be
ascertained. Now, I have been unable to ascer-
tain how any fact which could change the deter-
mination of the Senate enters into this case. We
have had before us the constitution nf New Hamp-
shire. We have had before us the effect of the
adjournment—the fact that, by that constitution,
the day after that to which the Legislature have
adjourned, they are dissolved, of necessity, by
the very terms of the constitution. We therefore
supposed that, no matter what might be proved,
it could not alter the state of the case arising: out
of the constitution and existing laws of the State.
Further, I may say that, if I #m not mistaken,
the election in New Hampshire takes place before
the fourth Wednesday of May. If that be so,
the effect of holding this case over would be
that, though the adjournment was to the fourth
Wednesday of May, we should allow a repre-
sentation, which was elected anteriorly, to act on
this matter, when the constitution evidently in-
tends that it shall be acted on by one chosen sub-
sequently.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on postponing the further consideration of the
subject to the first Monday in December next.
Mr. ElOUSTON. I move to amend the motion,
so as to postpone until the second Monday in De-
cember.
Mr. STUART. I think we have heard about
the substance of the statement of the gentleman
from New Hampshire, and we had better dispose
the subject now.
Mr. CASS. I suppose there is not a member
on this floor who has) not looked at the subject,
and determined how he will vote, it is therefore
a mere question of time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I insist on my motion.
The motion was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the motion to postpone until the
first Monday of December,on which question the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The yeas and nays were taken, and resulted—
yeas II nays 37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodse
of Iowa, Domilas, Houston, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mal-
lorv, P'-ttif, Srha-lMO. and Toombs—li.
NAV'S— Mews. Allen, ttavard, Benjamin.Bright, Brod-
head, Brown, Butler, Ca-s, Chase, Cl.iy, Cooper, Dawson,
Evans, Fesirnden, Fish, Fool, Geyer, Gillette, Hunter,
James, Join'-: of Tennessee, Mason, Ylorton. Penree, Pratt,
Rockwell. Ru>k, Seward, SlidHI, Stuart, Sumnei,Thomp-
son of Ketnuekv, Thomson ofNewJeiiej'/foucey, Wade,
Walker, and VTeller—37.
So the motion was rejected.
The report of the Committee on the Judiciary
was then concurred in.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to submit to the
Senate the report of the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of $e two Houses, on
the bill rtvilrin^ appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending June 30, 1355. The
Senate recede from ylmost all their Rrnendmepts
except that one touching naval reform, and that
is the onlv difficulty in the way. I submit the
report to "the Senate for its instructions to the
committee.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the hill making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1855, having met, after
full and free conference, have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses, as follows:
That the Senate concur in the amendment of the Hn« 
of Representatives to the eighth amend tient of the Senate
That the Senate recede iroin Us first amendment, .inrt
adopt a substitute therefor at< follows: That at the ttavv
vuid at San Francisco, the pay of the GiMimander -hall b>
,5'y,5i)U pet annum ; one civil engineer, .^l.UuO per annum ;
and the pay of the navy agent, who Miall di-charge The
duties of boll) purser and navy agent,  -h«ill be £l,out) per
annum.
That the Senate recede from its ninth, thiiteentU, four-
teenth, and sixteenth amendments.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems that the joint com-
mittee have not agreed. The report of the com-
mittee of conference is an entire thing, and w
cannot concur in part. We must act on the whole
or none.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr Weli.fr
in the chair ) On the face of the report there
does not seem to be any difficulty at all.
Mr. PKARCE. I understand that the diffi-
culty is in regard to the amendment respecting
and other
lis to strike out "officers' quarters,
I works."
j The amendments from which it is proposed that
j the Senate recede, are as follows:
ij The ninth, which was to insert:
•; And that the sum of ^100,000 be, and the same is hereby,
ij dpprop'Mtud for the establishment ol a naval depot on the
|j n#ht bank of the river Mississippi m descending, at the
j, site now owned and held by the United States for that pur-
j j pose, near the city of New Orleans, and for such buildings
i and improvements as may be judged necessary for the se-
ll conimodatiou of the United States vessels of-war in that
j quaiter.
ji The thirteenth, which was to add:
'j Sec. 3. -Jnrf be It further en-icfed, That the existing law
: j limiting the number of officers of the Navy of the United
States, be so far modified aa to entitle iho officers belonging
to the navy of Texas at the tune of annexation, to the pay
of the officers of the Navy of the United States on leave of
absence up to the present time; Provided, The number of
such officer? shall not exceed eight.
And the sixteenth, which was to add:
J}ad be il finther enacted. That naval pursers shall here-
after ho styled paj masters; and all laws, rules, and regula-
tions appljn g to pursers Miall apply to them as paymasters:
Provided, That ihies change of name shall not be held to
affect their rank, pay, or duties.
GEORGE M. SENTLEY,
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, the Senate,
i ] as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
naval reform That seems to be an insuperable j| sider House bill for the relief of George M. Bent-
difficulty in the way of an agreement, in order
to bring the matter to a test, I propose that the j
Senate instruct their conferees to recede from that !
amendment. |
Mr. MALLORY. The Senate has receded from
all its amendments upon the call of the House,
except this one. That is all I wish to say before
the vote is taken.
The question being taken on the motion of Mr.
Pkarce, it was agreed to. So it was
Ordeted^ That the conferees on the part of the Senat'-
be nii-tiucted to recede fiom the following amendment of
the Senate to the said bill •
Sec. —. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the President
of the United State*, withm thirty days from the passage
hereof, shall avertible a naval board, to consist of thiee
captains. two commanders, and two lieutenants, which
board .shall investigate the conduct, character, and standing
of all the officer* of the ai.tdes of captains, commanders,
lieutenant*, passed midshipmen, and masters in the line ol
ptomotion ; arid shall a>ceit;nn and report to the Secretary
ley, of the State of Indiana, the objectof which is
to direct the Secretary of the Interior to place the
name of George M. Bentley, of the State of Indi-
ana, upon the "list of invalid pensioners, at the rate
of eight dollars per month, from January 1,1854,
and to continue during his natural life.
Bentley was a private m company H, third
regiment Indiana volunteers, served in JViexico
during the war with that country, and with his
company fought gallantly at the battle of Buena
Vista. Dunns: the first part of the month of
November, 1846, his regiment was encamped near
IVFatamoros, upon the Rio Grande. On or about
the 10th day of that month, Bentley, with the
written permission of the colonel of the regiment,
went into the city of Matamoros, and whilst there,
by accident, sprained his right ankle. Upon his
return to camp in the evening, his ankle was
swollen, and he was so disabled by lameness as
deem in-'nnr* "in or disqualified to discharge promptly
his whole duty ashore and afloat And in every case the
said bgard shall report, in two separate classes, such offi-
cers a* the interests of the seivice requ
ne bhouid be dis
ot the Navy, under such ruies and regulations as lie may j j t0 be unaMeto perform military duty for a con-
p,rscribe,overy officer of baid grade* that.said board shall j gjderah]e Ien^th 0f time. Before the limb Was
; wholly restored, he returned to the discharge of
ij his duty; the swelling returned, and continued
.... . _ , . - j until incurable ulcers broke out upon the limb.
*ed, and such as should be placed out of the line of 1 TT . ,£,uAn,T from nrovidirur for
motion, with its reasons for the same: Provided, That I■ IS noy/ wholly uisa)lea p g
•• - •       ' himself and his family by manual labor. Betore
entering the service of the United State® he was a
sound and very robust man. Whilst in the ser-
vice he was temperate and very attentive to his
duties. This claim v/as submitted to the Pension
Office and rejected, for the reason that there was
not the testimony of any person who was imme-
diately present when the injury was first received.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate, ordered to a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
CHEROKEE TREATIES.
Mr. HOUSTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
promt
! upon said boaid, officeis shall not investigate,
i port upon officers of a senior grade.
Upon the return of the reports ol the hoard to the Secre-
: tary ot the "Navy, he shall, so lai as the l'te-idcnt shall ap
1 prove the same, cause those odieers who may be reported
for dismissal to be dismissed the service with my month*?'
sea service pay ; and tho-e who may be reported for with
drawal ftom llie line of promotion, to he so withdrawn upon
pay which shall not be more than three fifths, nor less than
one fifth their sea *ervice pay respectively, to be determined
and approved by the Piesident: Provided, That passed mid
shipmon and masteia in the line of piomotion so reported
in the second class, shall be dropped from the service, and
, shall thereupon receive one yeat's sea service pny.
i The said boaid shall be convened and regulated as the
! Secretary may direct, and he shall ascertain, in such man
1 nor a* In;may deem ju^t and expedient, rjie sei vices, stand
! nig-and character of the officer* o! the grades af >resaid, (
| end submit the same to the boaid for tt- belter information . !|gent, and agreed to:
Ptnndfd, That the promotion* whirh mav be made in |i
■ consequence of such di-mi^sals and withdrawals shall re- 'j
i duce the tirade of commander to seventy, wlueh shallhere-
: after be the number of said "rude. j
| Mr. MALLORY. I suppose the report can 1
I now be received and acred on. 1 present it, j
j The fir^t amendment of the Senate was to insert: i
j That at the navv-yard at San Franci-co tfte payofihe i
i commandershail be $3.50(1 per annum; the pay of one store I
| keeper, ^'3,^00• one civil engineer. $4,0tK); one draughts- i
: man, who chall be clerk to engineer, >?2,000; one clerk to |
; the -<toreke(>per, g^.OOO ; one navy agent,§4,G0U; one clerk ;
i to navy agent, .§2,0u0.
The committee of conference propose to substi- \
i tute for it the following: |
! Thar at the R?.vy-yard at San Francisco, the pay of the
■ commander "hall be per annum, one civil engineer,
! .$1,000 per annum; and the pay of the navy agent, who
J| shall discharge the duties of both pur«ei and navy agent,
; shall be $4,000 pei amium.
!; The eighth amendment of the Senate v/as to
insert:
j. Navy-vard, Pan Francisro: For eontioU'ng the blacU-
■1 smith V Mi mi. e<u pe>it< rV shop, «>mre house, wharf, officers*
I, quavers, and othei works.
jj The amendment of the House to this amendment
|; —in which it is proposed that theSsn&ta concur—
Resolved bu the Senate of the United States, That the
Attorney General of <he United States be required to ex-
amine tiie records rfnd proceedings of the different boards
of commissioners appointed by the President, to adjudicate
chums under the Cherokee treaty of NewEchota, made in
1835 and rhesupplement.il articles added m 18 i6, and report
lo the Senate, at us next iession the manner in which those
treatie- have been earned out and complied with on the
n irt of the two contracting parties, and whether the inde-
nendence and free actum and deliberations of the different
boards of commissioners appointed under the seventeenth
article of the treaty of 1*35, wis t.espa^ed upon bv instruc-
tions issued from the office of Indian Affairs; whether,m
i the opinion of the Attorney General, those instructions
i H«ued to the boards were or were not conformable to the
! treaties- whether the session of the board was interrupted
i and broken up at any tune by instructions or orders issued
! fiom the oflice of the Commissioner ot jndian Atiairs;
! whether any claims were allowed and paid by the Commis-
I sioner of Indian Affairs without the adjudication o* «l«
1 board of commissioners; whether ^e ta^ board of eoqa-
' missioners undertook, after then coui-nw-ton had expired,
I to annul adjudications previously inude, and make otnerre-
' fecnons and'allmvances after their coiiwot-sion had1 expired j,
whether the commissioners, wtthou' uuihonty of law, ap-
pointed agents and sem them lino
Cherokee country to
i value property, allowing them e inipfo^atic-ji, charging til©
i same to, and naying them oui of the fmw® appropriated to
! pay cisima provided tor, usidtr the (tifisrent amclesof fee
i tre sy of 1830 and 1830 ; whether mf part of JUiese'
j prlationa had bees withheld fross the Ckezo&eeSj or have
