1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1353
when reason is left free to combat it." I will say,
in reference to that gentleman, that it is really a
comfort and a delight to me to talk of him, and to
him, and in any and every circle. I should be
glad to take him to the South,and to see him mix
among us. I should be willing to hear him dis-
course eloquently and powerfully, a% he can do,
upon the subject of slavery, even m that region. I
would promise him not only safety and protection,
but respect, kindness, and hospitality. I say these
gentlemen are really seeking to affiliate with the
Whigs, Free-Soilers, and Abolitionists. When
they act with the opposition, of course they must
be of the opposition'. Those who are not with
us are against us. Every day and every year
shows this to be true. In 1832 and 1833 we had
a striking illustration of this fact. Many of my
dearest friends, under the excitement of that time,
broke off from Andrew Jackson, and, by famil-
iarity with their new associations, soon became
Whigs. This fact is still further illustrated, when
we refer to the excitement attendant upon the re-
moval of the deposits. One of Virginia's most
brilliant sons, one of those who was looked up to
for the succession, left the Democratic party, pro-
fessedly on account of his dissatisfaction with the
removal of the deposits, and he soon found him-
self in the ranks of the opposition. These gentle-
men, five hopeful, promising representatives of the
people—I speak it in no disparagement to them—
have thought it proper to come out in a brief ad-
dress to their constituents, in which they have
given their former friends some hard blows, but
under which we will be able to stand up, live, and
conquer. They are going the way of all such
flesh, and I commend them to the choice they have
made. I have thought it proper to make these
few remarks, and shall not touch at all the main
subject under consideration before the committee,
which, I believe, is the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. MAURICE. 1 desire simply to express to
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] and
the committee, my acknowledgments for the very
favorable notice he has given our address. The
gentleman has given to it an importance and con-
sequence beyond anything we could have hoped
for. The address, permit me to say to gentlemen
of the committee, will now be placed upon the
desks of members, and I hope, after this very
happy introduction of its merits by the gentleman
from Virginia, that it will be perused by them with
profit and advantage. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH. Gentlemen of the committee, I
will only say, that most assuredly I would not
have given any notice to the address, had it not
been introduced here, and had it not been intended
to operate beyond the mere constituencies of its
signers and subscribers. But, inasmuch as there
are those-in the country who sympathize with
these gentlemen, I have given their address the
sort of notice I have, in order that the well mean-
ing and true hearted, even of their own consticu-
encies, may undeistand what these gentlemen aie
seeking to effect, and how eagerly they are desiring
to mislead the public mind, under the garb and
profession of Democracy.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move that
the committee rise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As it is not the
wish of any gentleman to speak, I move lhat the
bill be reported to the House.
Mr. LETCHER. With a recommendation
that it be rejected.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is aware that the bill must be read through
before it can be reported.
Mr. COBB. I want to offer an amendment to
the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee, on the right of the Chair, [Mr. Stanton,]
has made a motion which overrules that of his col-
league, [Mr. Jones.] He has moved that the
committee do now rise. That question will be put
to the committee. .
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman,
will it be in order to move to strike out the enact-
ing clause?
The CHAIRMAN. That would be tantamount
to the motion that the committee report back the
bill with a recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Oh, that is the way of
doing the thing now. [Laughter.] .
Thequestion being on the motion that the com-
mittee do now rise, it was put; and fifty-six voted
in the affirmative.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stuart, of
Michigan, and Vail, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes fifty-seven, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speaker
pro tempore (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee) having
resumed the. chair, the Chairman of the committee
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the Union generally, and especially House bill
No. 2D5, being "A bill to authorize the construc-
tion of the Pacific railroad," and had come to no
resolution thereon.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
[A message was received from the President,
by the hands of Sidney Webster, his Private
Secretary, informing the House that he had, on
Tuesday, the 30th instant, approved and signed
an act to organize the Territories of Nebraska and
Kansas.]
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. COBB. Oh, no; let us go to the business
on the Speaker's table.
Mr. CUMM1NG. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Several Members. Tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McDougall,
and Taylor, of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 55, noes 20.
So the, motion was agreed to.
j The House accordingly, at thirty-five minutes
past one o'clock, adjourned until to-morrow at
i eight o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 1,'1854.
The Journal 6f yesterday was read and approved.
On motion by Mr. STUART,
The Senate adjourned.
Pursuant to a resolution passed yesterday, the
Senate will not meet again until Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
• Thursday, June 1, 1854.
The House met, pursuant to adjournment, at
eight o'clock, a. m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
IMPROVEMENT OF (.'APE FEAR RIVER.
Mr. ASHE. I move to reconsider the vote by
i which Senate bill, (No. 202,) entitled "An act
making further appropriations for the improve-
ment of Cape Fear river, North Carolina," was
i yesstei day i eferred to the Committee of the Whole
1 House on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
Then, on motion by Mr. ASHE, at five minutes
past eight o'clock, the House adjourned, pursuant
to a previous order, until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 5, 1854.
The Journal ofThursday was read and approved.
On the motion of Mr. STUART, the Senate
adjourned.
'The Senate, in accordance with a resolution
passed on Wednesday last, stands adjourned until
Thursday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 5, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Mii.burn.
The Journal ofThursday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER presented to the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, trans-
mitting therewith copies of such accounts as have
been rendered by persons charged or intrusted
with the disbursement or application of moneys,
goods, or effects, for the benefit of the Indians,
from the 1st July, 1852, to the 30th June, 1853,
inclusive—together with a statement containing a
list of the names of all persons to whom goods,
moneys, or effects have been delivered within the
same time—specifying the amounts and objects for
which they were intended, the amounts accounted
for, and the balances (under each specific head) still
remaining in their hands : prepared in obedience
to an act of Congress of the 30th of June, 1834,
entitled " An act to provide for the organization
of the Department of Indian Affairs."
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, the communi-
cation and accompanying papers were referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
RESOLUTION TO ADJOURN SINE DIE.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the motion submitted by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Walbridse,] on Monday last,
to suspend the rules, forthepuTposeof introducing
the following resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring) That the President of
the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives adjoint! their rt'f%pecuve Houses sine die on Monday,
till1 31st day of July next.
Mr. HOUSTON. As the gentleman from New
York, who introduced the resolution, is not pres-
ent, 1 suppose it will be proper, with the consent
of the House, to allow the motion to pass over
informally for the present, and proceed to the
consideration of other business.
Mr. EWlNGr. I desire to inquire whether, if
the motion be passed over now, it will ever be
reached again?
The SPEAKER. If the motion be passed over
informally, by unanimous consent, it will come
up first in order on Monday next.
Mr. EW1NG. Well, sir, 1 think we might as
well act upon it now as at any other time. 1 ob-
ject to its being passed over, and ask for a vote
upon it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Upon the motion
to suspend the rules I demand a division of the
House. I want to know whether a quorum of
I members are present.
! ADJOURNMENT UNTIL THURSDAY.
| Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Is it in order
j to move that when the House adjourns, it adjourn
to meet on Thursday next?
I The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
j order.
] Mr. STANTON. I submit the motion.
| Mr. CLINGMAN. I demand a division of the
House. I think we have idled away time enough,
I and I do not wish the motion to pass unless there
i is a quorum here to pass it.
; MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was here received from the President
of the United States, by Sidney Webster, his
Private Secretary, informing the House that he
! did, on the 31st day of May last, approve and
!! sign the bill of the House, No. 271, entitled " An
!j act to supply deficiencies m the appropriations for
II, the service ofthe fiscal year ending June 30, 1854,
'j and for other purposes."
II Mr. STANTON. As a division has been de-
manded upon my motion to adjourn over, I will
withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The question then recurs
upon the motion to suspend the rules made on
Monday last by the gentleman from New York.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the House will
allow that motion to pass over informally, I will
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state ofthe Union. Making
speeches is the only business we shall be able to
do to-day.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House do
now adjourn. If we cannot do one species of
business without a quorum, I do not think we can
another.
Mr. ELLISON. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and decided in the
negative—yeas 4, nays 88.
So the House refused to adjourn, no quorum
having voted.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The question was put; and the motion agreed
to—ayes 45, noes 28.
