19H
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
Mr. GREEN". I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. ELLISON". Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only five
members having voting therefor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I demand tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vail and
Bocock were appointed.
The question was taken, arid decided in the
negative; the tellers having reported—ayes 3G,
noes <>2.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The Clerk then railed the roll, and one hun-
dred and six members answered to their names.
The SPEAKER. There is no quorum pres-
ent:* The officers of the House will close the
doors.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Without a quorum no
business can be transacted, and I now move that
all further proceedings under the call be dispensed
with.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Thereupon, the House (at a quarter to one
o'clock, p. m.) adjourned until to-morrow at
twelve, m.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 6, 1854.
The Elouse met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milhurn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
LIGHT-HOUSE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. AIKEN 1 have been instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to aak leave to report a
bill making: appropriations for light-houses, light-
boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the erection
and establishment of the same, and for other pur-
poses; that it be ordered to he printed, and referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
report will be received and the bill will be ordered
to be printed, and refeired lo the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered,
the bill having been read a first and second time
by its title.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules he
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the suite of the
Union.
[Cries of " No !*>}
Mr. OLDS. You may as well do it; there is
no quorum present.
Mr CAMPRELL called for a division.
The House was accordingly divided, and the
Speaker reported only forty gentlemen rising in
the affirmative, (not a sofli'-ient number.)
So the motion was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Itis quiteapparent that there
is not a quorum in the Hall.
CALLING COMMITTEES FOR REPORTS.
Mr. HOUSTON. Thetc are a great, many
committees in the House who have reports ready
to be made. 1 propose, then, that we proceed to
receive to-day the leporta which committees have
ready and desire to piesent. There can be no
objection, I think, to our retemnguml refeirine
them, and so letting them go upon the Calendar.
We can occupy the-day m transacting the busi-
ness whether there be a quorum present or not. Tt
is not contended that for this a quorum is neces-
sary .
Mr. OLDS. 1 think the plan proposed by the
gentleman from Alabama is a good one, and should
be acted on.
Several Members. Yes; let us do that.
The SPEAKER. Then, by the unanimous
consent of the House, the Chair will proceed to
cull committees for reports, with the understand-
ing that all reports made shall be referred without
debate.
Mr, OLDS, (interrupting ) And with the fur-
ther understanding that when we recommence the
calling of committees for reports, we do so where
we will have left off to-day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would imagine so.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee And also with the
understanding that none of sucfe reports so re-
ceived be reconsidered and referred back to the
committees reporting them, but be acted upon as
may be directed by the House.
VOTING IN THE CITY OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to allow me to offer the resolu-
tion which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
S Resolved, That the Committee for the Dismet ofColum-
bia he instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the charter of the city ot Washington as to ahol
ltfh the system of voting by ballot, and substitute the mode
ot'riua voce voting therefor.
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. I object.
The resolution was, therefore, not received.
Mr. COBB. 1 feel a deep interest in the pro-
posal made by my colleague [Mr. Houston] to
receive the reports of committees. But I wish to
understand distinctly befoie ! give my assent to
that proposition, whether or not, if we proceed to
call committees for reports, we will hereafter, when
we resume that business, commence where we
will have left off to-day?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not informed
as to the purpose of the motion made by the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston.] That
gentleman will please to answer the interrogatory
of his colleague.
Mr. HOUSTON. The purpose which 1 had
m view in making that motion was simply this:
There are, as I have stated, a great many reports
I ready to be made by committees, to which there
i cannot possibly be any objection. I desire that
j such reports be received by the House to day,
i and referred either to the Committee of the VV hole
J House, or to the Committee of the Whole on the
] state of the Union. My purpose is, that the
j Chair should now proceed and call the commit-
I tees forsuch reports. When we have got through
them all, as we easily can to-day, why, then the
committees will be just in the same order for
future calls as they now are. That is my under-
standing of the proposition that I h^ve submitted.
| Mr. COBH. 1 am bound, from a sense of duty
j to myself and to my constituents, to object to that
i proposition.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Conn] having objected to the proposi-
tion of his colleague, [Mr. Houston,] the Chair
will now state the business first in order.
Mr. KNOX. I rise to a privileged question.
Is it in order to move that there be a call of the
House?
: The SPEAKER. It is in order,
j Mr. KNOX.. Then I make that motion.
I Mr. COBB. There is a general expression of
| a wish that I should withdraw my objection to
i the proposition of the gentleman from Alabama,
i [Mr. Houston.] In accordance with that wish,
! I withdraw my objection.
i The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending
| that there be a call of the House.
| Mr. COBP). To that I have no objection.
I The question was then taken on the motion of
i Mr. Knox; and it was decided in the negative.
| So a. call of the House was refused.
: Mr. HOUSTON. As my colleague [Mr. Conn]
: has withdiawn his objection to my proposition, I
j propose again to appeal to the House to allow re-
ports to be made from the several committees,
i and have the bills reported, referred to the Com-
, mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, or
' to a Committee of (lie Whole House.
Mr. HUNT. As you will not allow a call of
the House, J object.
Mr. H1LLYER. The Speaker having an-
, nounced thai theie is no quorum present, 1 move
that the Hou^e do now adjourn.
; Mr. HAMILTON. Upon that motion I de-
i mand the yeas and nays.
j The yeas and nays were ordered.
i The question was then put; and it was decided
I in the negative—yeas i3< nays 81.
| So the House lefused to adjourn.
} Mr. HOUSTON. I move there be a call of
j the House.
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas
i and nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
| The question was then put; and it was decided
| in the affirmative—yeas 62, nays 41.
So a call of the House was ordered.
Mr. HUNT. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Let us have the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNT. I withdraw the motion to adjourn.
The roll of the House was then called, and one
hundred and eleven members answered to their
names. The following is a list of the absentees:
Messrs. Ahererombie, Appleton, Thomas II. Bayly, Bull,
Banks, Barksdale, Beloher, Bell, Bennett, Benson, Bissell,
Carpenter, Caskie, Chamberlain, Chase, Chastain,
Churchweil, Craige, Cunmnng, Thomas Oavis, Dean, De
Witt, Dick, Dickinson. Drum, Dunham, Eastman, Eddy,
Ed<*erton, Thomas D. Eliot, John M. Elliott, English, Eth-
erklge.Everliart,Ewing, Farley, Fenton, Flagler,"Florence,
Franklin, Green, Giey. Giow, Andrew J Harlan, Sampson
W. Harris, Harrison, Flatting*, Ilibbard, Ileister, Howe,
Hughes, Ingersoll, Daniel T. Jones, Roland Jones?, Kent,
Keir, Kittredee, Kurtz,Lamb,Lane,Lilly,"LmdsJey, Lyon,
McCulloch, McDougall, McNair, McQueen,Macv, Matte-
M)ii, Mauric°, May, Middl^warth, John G. Milter, Mor-
gan, Murray, Noble, Orr, Packer, Peck, IYckham, Pen-
nington, Phillips, Pratt, Preston, Pnryeat, Ready, Ree*e,
Riehard->on, Robbing, Rogers, Itowo, S<il in, Sage, Sey-
mour, Shower, Singleton, Skelton, William Smith, Snod-
{.'laas, Sellers, Alexander H. Stephens, Straub, David
Stnart, John J.Tavlor, JohnL. Tavlor, Tracy, Tweed,
Upharn, Wade, Walbruljje, Walker, Walley, Walsh, Elhhu
B. Wiishhume,! srael Washbuin, YVells, John Went worth,
Wheeler, Wittc, Yates, and Zollieoffer.
Mr. MEACHAM. I move that all further
proceedings in the call be dispensed with.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Oh, no. Let us go on
with it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays upon the motion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Is it in order to move
that the House do now adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I make that motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays upon that motion.
Upon a division of the House, the Chair an-
nounced that there was not a sufficient number to
order the yea* and navs.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask for a count of the
negative.
.TheSPEAKER. Upon a call of the House
just now, only one hundred and eleven members
answered to then names, and one fifth of that
number has not demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But some of the
members may have gone outside of the bar.
The SPEAKER. Tellers could have been had,
if called for, but they were not called for. The
Chair decides that the yeas and nays were not
ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call for tellers now. I
think it is usual to count the other side.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks if the
House desires to have the yeas and nays they
should -"have the opportunity of ordering them,
and he will, therefoie, entertain the call for tellers.
Tellers upon the yeas and nays were not or-
dered, only seventeen having voted therefor.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was put upon the motion; and it
was decided in the affirmative—ayes 51, noes 37.
And, thereupon, (at five minutes before one
o'clock,) the House adjourned until to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 7, ]S54.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Ilev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. 1UIIDGES. f ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report a bill from the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office, for the purpose of
having it referred to the Committee of the Whole.
The bill was read for information by its title, as
follows:
A bill for the benefit of Francis Petit Smith.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
is a bill for the renewal of a patent. I object.
Mr. HENN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution of
inquiiy:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
I'or^t R.o?nl?, be ifqueeted to inquire into the expediency of
e<fabh*hin<£ th« tbllmvmtr po^t ioad,a :
From Centieviile, Iowa, by the way of Corydon on the
tfune r\>ad, South Imle{n ndenoe, and" the county oeats of
