644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
term. Now, the question is asked, supposing the
.Legislature does not act, what then ? Here I think
thai; we might with great propriety have stopped,
if we had considered nothing except what the
framers of the Constitution evidently had in view,
and what the framers of all laws have in view
when they enact a statute. They proceed upon
the presumption that the power conferred will be
and this case, or any other similar case,
never could have arisen if the evident intention of
the framers of the Constitution had been carried
out by the Legislature of Vermont.
•-Now, Mr. President I submit—and I do it cer-
tainly with great deference to the source from
•which the opinion comes—that the chief difficulty
which has arisen in this question has been from
supposing that the framers of the Constitution in-
tended that the Constitution itself, by its own
effect, should keep each State represented in this
body. There was no such power, there is none
such now; but they did intend so to fiame that
instrument that every State should have the op-
portunity, full and complete, to have itself repre-
sented m this body. Having received the oppor-
tunity, if the State does not see fit to exercise its
right, the only answer to the whole thing is, that
the State chooses not to be represented here.
The question is asked, suppose the Legislature,
at its next session, shall decline to elect, can a suc-
ceeding Legislature exercise that authority ? Here,
I think, we might safely return to the case of the
honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,]
wherein he says, that certain views put forth by
him on another occasion were not within the true
limits of that case, but were what the courts call
ebiter dicla, and that neither he nor the Senate is
bound by them.
Profiting by that experience, 1 might say that,
this case does not embrace that quesiion, and for
that reason alone might very properly decline an
answer. Bin, sir, I will venture a mere sugges-
tion, and will qualify it by the rule which the Sen-
ator has laid down, for I should feel myself at per-
fect liberty, if that case should ever arise, to
disavow this view, if, on a more full examination,
1 should think it incorrect. But I make the sug-
gestion for the consideration of Senators, that
without this provision of the Constitution the fair
intendmentof theinstrument, and of the prior por-
tion of this section, would be that the Legislature,
whenever in session, could fill a vacancy if there
was one existing; and to strengthen my supposi-
tion upon that point, let me call the attention of
the Senate to this language;
<{ If vacancies happen by resignation or otherwise, rfwing
the recess oj the Legislature ot' any State—"
Evidently, sir, by intendment, saying, that if they
happen while the Legislature is in session there
is already a power to fill them without this pro-
vision; so that 1 venture the suggestion, that if the
Legislature of Vermont heieafter shall fill this va-
cancy, the power will be found, not in the clause
which we are considering, but in the general clause
preceding it, which confers on the Legislatures of
the respective States the power to appoint Sena-
• tors.
The only question, therefore, left in this case
is, how long does this office continue? I have
Said that the language is clear to my mind, that
the limitation contained in the words " until the
next meeting of the Legislature" refers to the ap-
pointing power held by the Executive, and to
nothing else; but that the next words, " which
shall then fill such vacancies," give the power to
the Legislature then in session, and give it during
that entire session. Now let me illustrate it for a
moment, and i have done, if vacancies happen by
resignation or otherwise, during the recess of the
Legislature of any State, the Executive thereof
may make temporary appointments until the
Legislature shall meet. That is the meaning of
the language; and that the Legislature having met
shall procced to fill the vacancy. Now, sir. the
intendment of the Constitution evidently is, that
they may exercise that legislative discretion on
this subject which they do upon any other legis-
lative subject: and at any time during that session,
when it shall be convenient to them, fhey may
make the appointment which shall fill the vacancy.
But if they follow the direction of this provision
in the Constitution, they must fill it at some time
during that session. And thus the words " which
shall then fill such vacancies" terminate the tem-
porary appointment made by the Executive, by
directing when and how the whole vacancy shall
be filled.
As the framers of the Constitution presumed
that the Legislature would exercise the power
hereby conferred, if they do exercise it, then the
intention of the framers of the Constitution is
complete; the organization of this body is com-
plete; and there is no necessity for looking further.
But I answer the other question by saying that if
you go an inch beyond tms, you have to conclude
that State may not refuse to send Senators here
at all. They may do that. The States may re-
fuse to elect at all. They may refuse to elect at
the commencement of a term, and the Constitution
does not and could not provide a complete remedy
for such a case. If the power in that case were
given to the Executive to appoint, he might omit
or refuse to exercise it, and the State thus remain
without its full representation here. So if they
refusS to exercise this power the answer to the ar-
gument is, the State chooses not to be represented.
My view then, it will be seen, is predicated upon
a different statement from that made by the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Pettit,] who
opened the argument on this question. He in-
sists that the Constitution intends that the State
shall be represented. There, in my judgment, is
the error. The Constitution intends that the State
shall have an opportunity to be represented. If it
will not, when that opportunity is presented, em-
brace it and be represented, the Constitution con-
tains no power to compel it to do so. The State
chooses not to be represented, and having made
that choice, the Senate has only to determine that
it is to be bound by it.
Mr. WALKER. Mr.President, when thecase
of Mr. Wmthrop was under consideration, i,
among others, took occasion to submit some ob-
servations to the Senate upon the question then
and now involved; and I felt myself then as con-
curring m opinion with a majority of the Senate.
Upon a review of the opinions then expressed,
some gentlemen have concluded that they were
wrong, and they now retract those opinions. So
far from that being the case with myself, I feel
only the more confirmed in the views which I
then expressed—confirmed, I believe, by the very
strong arguments which 1 have heard on this case.
It would seem that the construction which has
been contended for by some, that the word "un-
til," in the clause of the Constitution under which
this question arises, limits the tenure of the office,
is now almost abandoned. It is true, the Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. Toucey] seems still to
adhere to that construction; but I think he will,
at some time or other, have to review his speech;
and if he adheres to his opinions in regard to the
results to which his views lead, he will have to
assign other reasons than those which he has as-
signed at this time. He says that, in order to
make the Constitution limit only the power of ap-
pointment, or the time within which the appoint-
ment may be made by the Executive, a different
collocation of language must, be used. In order
to give the sentence that signification he words it
thus: " If vacancies happen, by resignation or
otherwise, during the recess of the Legislature of
any State, the Executive thereof may, until the
next meeting of the Legislature, make temporary
appointments." Construct the sentence in that
way, and, for my life, I cannot see any difference
in its signification. Jn reality that was the very
construction of the language which I proposed to
make, in order to show the real meaning of the
Constitution, for it only makes more plain what
the clause is as it now stands. You do not change
in the least the grammatical sense of the sentence
by placing the word "until" immediately after
the word "may." If the sentence were con-
! structed in that way the Senator from Connecticut
1 concedes that it would be a limitation upon the
j time within which the Governor might make an
| appointment; and if so, I do not see how he can
I avoid conceding that it constitutes just such a lim-
! itation reading as it now does.
If the limitation, then, be merely upon the ap-
pointing power, if it merely applies to the time
within which the Governor may make appoint-
i ments, let me ask gentlemen where they get a lim-
itation on the tenure of the office. It is conceded
j by others that the word until limits that time, and
! that only; and no language could have been more
: emphatic on this point than that which has been
' quoted from a speech which was made by the
honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason]
upon the case of Mr. Winthrop. Then where is
the limitation upon the office?
If the question should be asked, why cannot the
Governor appoint after the next meeting of the
Legislature, the answer is a simple one. The
Constitution gives him no such power. Then,
when gentlemen are asked where they find a limit-
ation upon the tenure of the office, and they answer
in the Constitution, I ask them to show it. They
cannot do it; and, finally, after conceding that the
word until does not limit the tenure of the office,
they fall back upon their old position, and say it
does. I say, then, that you can find nothing in
the Constitution to limit the office, except the
happening of an event—an election by the Legis-
lature—which it is clearly inferrable from the
Constitution does limit it.
But, sir, it is contended that that election is to
be at the next session of the Legislature, under the
words "which shall then fill such vacancies."
Here I will, for an instant, review the argument
of the Senator from Michigan on this point, and
do it interrogatively. Suppose the Legislature do
not exercise the power to fill the vacancy at that
next session, what follows ? The Senator answers,
they can do it afterwards. Is that derived from
the Constitution? You say the word "then," in
this clause, does not mean " afterwards," but" at
that time." Now, we contend that it means after~
wards. Let me illustrate this. Supposel should
say to one of the messengers of the Senate, " There
are several places to which I wish you to go: I
wish you to go to the Treasury Department;" and
I should stop with that. He would ask, " Where
shall I go then?" It would seem nonsensical for
m% to answer, " Why, go to the Treasury Depart-
ment then." He would answer, " Well, but J do
not mean then in the particular sense of time when
I shall go to theTreasury Department, but after I
go to the Treasury Department, where shall I
go then?" "Why, go to the Treasury Depart-
ment, and then go to the War Department."
This would clearly imply, that after he had gone
to the Treasury Department, he should go to the
War Department.
Now the Constitution declares, that " if vacan-
cies happen by resignation or otherwise, during
the recess of the Legislature of any State, the Ex-
ecutive thereof may make temporary appoint-
ments until the next meeting of the Legislature,
which shall then," that is, afterwards, " fill such
vacancies." If " then" is here used inthesense
of "at that time," the power is gone, unless they
fill the vacancy at the next meeting. I concede
that it is not gone, but I say that it is gone if
" then" is used in that sense, and it is gone under
the common-law construction in similar cases.
We know that the law in regard to corporations
is such that where the power of electing officers *
upon a particular day is given by the charter or
by letters patent of the sovereign, and that day is
permitted ro pass withouttheexerciseofthatright,
the corporators cannot exercise itafterwards; and
the corporation is dissolved. So it will not do to
give to the Constitution the construction that the
word "then" signifies "at that time;" but the
meaning is, that the Governor may exercise his
power of appointment until the next meeting of
the Legislature, and " then," that is, afterwards,
the Legislature shall take up the subject and fill
the vacancy. Thatis the plain signification of the
clause.
Well, sir, if we cannot find in the Constitution
a limitation in pxpress terms upon the tenure of
the office, we have necessarily to infer what will
constitute a limitation upon it; and I think the
Constitution, with equal plainness, limits the ten-
ure of the office, not by any fixed time, but by
the happening of an event. What is that event?
It is the filling of the vacancy which the Legisla-
ture have power to fill; and when that event oc-
curs, and not till then, the temporary appoint-
ment is determined. There is nothing in the
Constitution which limits the tenure in point of
time. It is limited by an event spoken of in the
Constitution, which event is the filling of the va-
cancy by the Legislature. The Legislature are
not to fill the vacancy at the very moment when
the Governor ceases to exercise the power of ap-
pointment, hut afterwards; and the word "then"
in this clause clearly means " afterwards."
Then, sir, in this case, has that event mentioned
in the Constitution happened? Have the Legis-
