1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2213
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider j:
the House oil! for the relief of theiegal represent- j;
atives of Chailes Pavie. i'
It proposes to authorise the Commissioner of |!
the General Land Office to correct the error m the
description of the claim for land by Charles Pavie
(No 37) in the report of the register and receiver 1
of the land office at Ouachita, Louisiana, dated '
July 24, 1837, and confirmed by the act entitled
« An act confirming certain land claims m Lou-
isiana," approved July 6, 1842, and to have it;
located on the south or right side of Red river de- :
scending, not exceeding the quantity claimed and !
confirmed; but this is only to operate as a quit j
claim on the part of the United Stales. '
♦The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a :
third time^ and passed. j
JOHN S. KING.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill from the House of Representatives, for the '
relief of John S. King, of Virginia, which directs :
the Secretary of the interior to place on the pen- |
sion roll the name of J S. King, and cause to be j
paid to him the sum of eight dollars per month 1
for and during the term of his natural life; to com- !
mence from the 1st of January, 1853. 1
John S. King was drafted and mustered into
the service of the United States at linoxville,
Tennessee, in November, 1814; he served six j
months in Mobile and elsewhere, acting against ■
the British naval forces; on his return home, and ,
before his discharge, he was seized with violent 1
fever, and had to remain where he was attacked
for seme time; the disease settled into his limbs, j
and crippled him from that time to the present, j
and he is now totally disabled. :
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, was read !
a third time, and passed. !
HENRY S. SAJVFORD. ;
On motion by Mr JONES, of Tennessee, the ,
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded •
to consider Senate bill for the relief of Henry S. j
Sanford.
It authorizes the payment to H. S. Sanford, j
iate acting charge d'affaires of the United States ,
at Paris, of $6,223 82, the amount of the difference :
between the salary received by him, as secretary ;
of legation at Paris, from the 14th of May, 1853, 1
to the 22d of January> 1854, and the salary of a j
charge d'affaires for thesame period, together with ;
the usual outfit of a charge d'affaires. ;
Mr. Sanford was appointed secretary of the |
legation of the United States at Paris on the 20th j
August, 1849. From the 14th day of May, 1853, i
to the 22d day of January, 1854, a period of eight ;
months and eight days, he was left m charge of
the legation as acting- charge d'affaires ad interim.
During that period he was allowed clerk hire. In •
several instances, when secretaries, of legation at
Paris have been left as charge d'affaires, Congress
have allowed them outfits, though it is no' a mut-
ter of course to make such allowance. In view of
the importance of the mission to Pans, the neces-
sary increase of expenses incident to the chance
from the position of secretary of legation to that
of charge d'affaires, anji in accordance with the
general current of precedents in relation to diplo-
matic agents of the United States at that court, the
committee are of opinion that the petitioner's claim
for an outfit and the diffeience in salary between
a secretary of legation and choree d'affaires is
reasonable, and should be allowed.
The bill was reported from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and was subsequently recom-
mitted and reported back from that committee with
an amendment to add to the bill:
And for nfcessarj'clerk hire p.ifd by Intn, while secre-
tary of legation at Pari*, the further sum of >i ,1"') 03.
The amendment was agreed to: the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, was read a third
time, and passed.
PROPERTY ACCOUNTS "WITH M-JW YORK.
On motion by Mr. FISH, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to coupler the
bill from the House of Represent f.aves , ^hom-
ing t\)e payment of the balance of the property
accounts between the United Statis and the State
of New York, for military stores m the war of
1812,"
The object of the bill is to direct the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to the Governor of New
Yoik §11,929 45, being the balance due that State,
arising out of issues of mihtary stores to officers
of the United States Army, and volunteers, and
militia m the service of the United States during
the war with Great Britain, declared in 18J2.
Mr, TOOMBS, i should like to hear the re-
port in this case read.
Mr. FISH. The case was so perfectly clear
that the committee did not think it necessary to
make a written report. During the war of 1812,
there was a property account between the United
States and the State of New York. The credit
of the State of New York at that time was better
than that of the Federal Government. Military
stores were advanced by New York, and drawn
by the United States for ihe use of the troops.
The account has been adjusted on different occa-
sions, and all but finally signed; but on two dif-
erent occasions, by the death of one agent or
another, the actual signature was delayed. It has
gone through examination, and there is a commu-
nication from the Auditor's office to the commit-
tee, certifying to the correctness of the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed foi a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker hud signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills :
An act to repeal the fust proviso of the fourth
section of the act entitled "An act granting bounty
land to certain officers and soldiers who have been
engaged in the military service of the United
States," approved September 28, 1850;
An act for the relief of Rosalie Caxillo; and
An act declaring the southern boundaiy of New
Mexico.
The President pro tempo)e signed these bills.
SMITH, GREENE, AND F ARN S WORTH.
The bill for the relief of Elliot Smith, William |
C Greene, and Nathan Famsworth, was read a j
second time, and, on motion by Mr. Mallort the '
Senate proceeded to consider it as m Committee !
of the Whole. j
It proposes to direct the Secretary of War to ;
pay Smith, Greene, and Famsworth, such sums
as he may find them justly entitled to receive, for I
their losses and services in saving the United !
States tioops and stores from the ship Charles '
1 Wharton, when stranded upon the bar .it Tampa i
I bay, in a severe £ale, in December, 1837
! The ship Charles Whaiton was chartered by i
! the United States for the purpose of transporting j
1 nearly three hundred volunteer troops, with arms, '
: pro visions, baggage, and a quantity of sauer kraut, •
! from Philadelphia to Tampa Hay. While on the j
1 voyage, and so laden, about the 20th of Decern- j
! ber, 1837, she grounded on a shoal near the en- i
i trance of Tampa Bay, and was found in a very |
, perilous condition bv the petitioners, who imme- -
diately went to the aid of the vessel, and at £reat i
risk, and with much labor, aided and assisted in i
saving the troops, the guns, ammunition, and pri- !
' va'e propeity of the officers To enable him to J
take on board of his vessel a portion of the troops,
: Captain Smith, one of the petitioners, threw over-
boarcLa part of his own cargo, consisting of bar-
rels or bread. One hundred and thirty of the
1 troops were taken on board the Coasting Trader,
and the cargo of the said ship was taken on board
• the schooner B. D. Jackson, and all were subse-
quently delivered over to the custody of officers of
the United States, on a requisition of the com-
■ manding officer of the volunteers. The petiuon-
! era, for ali these services and sacrifices, have re-
ceived no compensation whatever.
I The claim has been before Congress since 1840,
nnd several fa vornble, and one adveise, reports
' have heeo made upon ifs merits The adverse
report fully admits that the facts, as stated, are
sustained by Captain Rogers, of the ship Charles
Wharton; Captain Gatewood,ofthe United States
' cutter Jackson, and by Captain Evans, of the vol-
uoseers, who we.*2 on b'Vud &r ih«° urn?, and per*
sonally cognizant of the facts about which they
'testify. But the '•.nmnvt^e ihonght that testi-
! inoiiy, although entirely r.rcVuMe upon its face.
was inconsistent with the reports of the quarter-
master general and surgeon general, the latter of
whom was in command of the troops on board the
ship, and says, in his report, that the men were
all taken off by the schooner Rubicon, and the
sloop Washington. The report says, " It is ex-
ceedingly difficult to reconcile this conflicting tes-
timony,but comes to the conclusion that the
testimony of the commander of the troops ought
to prevail. This report was made in 1845.
In June, 1850, General Lawson, after stating*
the circumstances which led to the error in his
previous report, says: " Having been made satis-
fied by Lieutenant'Peters, that the vessel which
took the troops from the wreck to the cutter, in-
side the bay, was the Coasting Trader, I take
pleasure in recommending that the services of
Captain Smith, the master, be suitably reward-
ed. " As this statement removes all doubt as to
the performance of the service, the committee re-
port the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, lead a third time, and passed.
CAPTAIN THOMAS PORTER.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The Committee on Pen-
sions have directed me to report back, with an
amendment. House bill to provide a pension for
Captain Thomas Porter, and to recommend its
passage. I ask that it may now be considered.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill as in Committee of the Whole,
It provides that the name of the petitioner be
placed upon the pension rolls of invalid pension-
ers, at the rate of twenty dollars per month, from
March, 1831, taking fmm such amount the sum
or sums as ha\e heretofore been paid to him by
way of pension.
Thomas Porter entered the service in Captain
A. McClelland's troop of light volunteer dra-
goons, in October, 1812; continued in service for
one year, and was seveiely wounded at the
battle of Missinoway, on the 19th December,
1812. Iiis horse was killed in that battle. Par-
tially recovering from the wound, he joined his
troop in the following spring, and marched to
Fort Mngs; was in the first siege of the fort, at
which place he was slightly wounded by a cannon
ball, the same killing a second horse for him while
in the attitude of mounting. He continued in the
service till the close of the campaign,partaking in
ail the engagements of his squadron, arid termina-
ting with the battle of the Thames, after which he
was discharged. Shoilly after leaving the volun-
teer service he received, without solicitation on his
pait, the appointment of ensign in the sixteenth
regiment United States infantry; and soon there-
after, without solicitation, the additional appoint-
ment from President Monroe of assistant deputy
quartermaster general, with orders to repair to
Carlisle, in the State of Pennsylvania. He ac-
cepted the appointment, and promptly repaired to
the post assigned htm, and there continued in the
full discharge of his duUes until peace was made.
In the winter of 1614 and 1815 he felt serious in-
convenience from the v/oun is he had previously
received, and was confined to his bed for some
weeks in consequence thereof. From the montn
of October, 1819, m consequence of those wounds,
he h'.s l" een confined to his bed, his crutches, and
; his staff His sufferings have been great, beyond
! the power of language to express. The greater
; part of the thigh bone below where the hall passed
1 has been extracted, and has left great mflamma-
; tion.and a constant running: sore. The Army
surgeons testify to the disability, and believe that
it was brought on by severe serv.eeand exposuie
1 in the wmtei of 1814 t.itd 1815. The muster-roll
! has a note, showing that Captain Porter had his
! horse killed at Fort Meigs, his saddle, holsters,
and pistols torn to pieces, and thai he immediately
. supplied himself with another horse. And there
' is abundant testimony srmngto showlhat Captain
! Porter servt-d his eounrry gallantly end faithfully
■ in every position m which he was placed; that in
; so doing he has receiver wounds winch make him
an invalid for life; that he is pooi find needy; that
the country owes him a deot of gratitude, «uid
, ought to pay it libeidHy and p omp^7«
1 The amendment of the ron-rmti^e was to add fo
1 the b^'i: vi And the sm^unf four.d due, ii'.der the
J provisions? of rhis act, all pah! to the chiklrell
J of thft swl Captain Thomas ForteY "
