2214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4,
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill was
reported to the Senate, as amended. The amend-
ment was concurred in, and ordered to be en-
frossed, and the bill to be read a third time. The
ill, as amended, was read a third time, and
ANDREWS S REPORT. -
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,and
1 to:
Resolved, That there be printed, for the use ot' the Sen-
ate, five thousand additional cop.es of the repoit of Israel
I). Andrews, Senate Executive document No 112, first
session Thirty- Second Congress.
NAVAL AND MAIL STEAMER APPROPRIA-
TION BILLS.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Forneit, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses, on the bill making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year end-
ing the 3(lth of June, 1855.
Also, that the House of Representatives had
insisted on their disagreement to the amendment
of the Senate to the bill making appropriations for
the transportation of the United States mail by
ocean steamers and otherwise, during the fiscal
year ending the 30t.h of June, 1855, had agreed to
the conference asked by the Senate on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had ajjpointed Mr. Houston, of Alabama; Mr.
Morgan, of New York; and Mr. Powell, of
Virginia, managers at the same on their part.
SEPARATION OF MONEY BILLS.
On motion by Mr. PRATT, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution,submitted by
him on Wednesday last:
Resolved, That hereafter the Senate will not lecetve or
consider any bill or proposition, other than the general ap-
propriation hills for the support of the Government, which
appropriates money for more than one object.
Mr. HUNTER.. I do not know how far that
resolution might go. I perceive that it applies to
bills other than the general appropriation bills.
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir.
Mr. BELL. I wish the honorable Senator from
Maryland would explain his object in proposing
this resolution.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, a few days ago
we had before us a bill malting appropriations for
various objects of internal improvement; and be-
cause that bill combined various appropriations,
the charge was perhaps very correctly made against
it, that there were many appropriations in it for
which a majority of the Senate would not have
voted, if they had not been connected with the res-
idue. The rule which I have offered will explain
its own object. It is, that after this session, the
Senate will not receive or consider any bill or prop-
osition which appropriates money to more than one
object, except the ordinary appropriation bills for
the support of the Government. This would re-
move all the difficulty m which we were placed the
other day; and whenever an object was meritorious
in itself, the friends of that object would have no
difficulty in having it passed by the Senate, and
the other branch of the National Legislature; and
another object not meritorious in itself could not
be passed by having it connected with those which
■were meritorious. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the resolution which I have
proposed.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 am very much in favor of the
resolution proposed by my friend from Maryland.
I think it will remove very many of thegreat evils
and bad tendencies of the system to which he has
referred; and if that system is to continue, I thinlt
this will put it upon a basis which will relieve it
from vfcry many of the bad consequences which
might otherwise result from it. I trust, therefore,
the Senate will adopt the rule which the honorable
Senator has proposed.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I rise to express my
approbation of the rule proposgd by the Senator
from Maryland. It is one in favor of which I
have long been. 1 think it is very necessary; but
I wish to call the attention of the Senator from
Maryland to one fact, and that is, that the river
and harbor bill in ttie Houae of Representatives
foas been decided to be a general appropriation
bill. I apprehend, therefore, his resolution ought
to be amended in some way, so as to except that
from the "general appropriation bills"mentioned
m his resolution.
Mr. PRATT. The resolution, in referring to
the appropriation bills, speaks of those for the
support oi the Government. That is sufficient.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, 1 think this is a
meaeureof too much importance to be passed with
the little consideration which we are able to give
to it at1 this period of the session. Itis not a new
idea by any means, it has been insisted upon by
the opponents of river and harbor improvements
for some ten or fifteen years at least. We have
not recently, till now, had the specific proposition
presented to the Senate; but we know that the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce [Mr. Hamlin] has always been in favor of
such a measure; and many of the friends of the
river and harbor bills have been quite willing to
agree to it, it' it were practicable. The experiment
has been made. The Senate committee, 1 believe,
at one session, reported a batch of bills separately;
but we found, in practice, that it would not work
at all. I do not say what I would do, or what
vote I would give on such a proposition, at an-
other session, at a different time. That might,
perhaps, depend on the fate which the river and
harbor bill that has just passed the two Houses
may share at the hands of the Executive. If that
be rejected, we shall probably know upon what
grounds it is rejected, and thennt will be the proper
•time, at the next session of Congress, to consider
the subject, and see whether this is the best and
only practicable mode of getting appropriations
for these objects.
Now, I undertake to state that, unless m a few
instances, as a matter of personal favor, appro-
priations for separate objects cannot be obtained.
I put it to the honorable Senator from Maryland
whether, when there is such a formidable oppo-
sition to the system entirely or to any extent, lim-
ited or unlimited, it will be possiule any half
dozen objects of this kind to get through at any
one session of CongressThe opposition to these
improvements is formidable, and meets every
proposition which is presented; and unless there
is some peculiar aspectin the case, there is always
difficulty in getting'an appropriation through. I
will name one case where I never found any for-
midable opposition in the Senate to any appropri-
ation. At two Congresses in succession, the Sen-
ate agreed, by a nearly unanimous vote, to make
a specific and separate appropriation for the re-
pair of the Cumberland dam, in the Ohio river.
Mr. ATCHISON. The removal.
Mr. BELL. No, sir, not tne removal, but the
repair. 1 introduced one of the bills myself, and
they never were for the removal ot the dam", but
for its repair. The Senate passed a bill making
an appropriation for that object at two succes-
sive Congresses, but it nevei was taken from
the Speaker's table in the other House. The
favor which that proposition had in the Senate
was founded solely on the consideration that the
Government had contributed to interpose that ob-
struction to commerce in the Ohio nver. They
supposed, not that it stood on any better consti-
tutional ground than others, but on the higher
grounds of justice and expediency.
Sir, you may make as many propositions as
you please, and if there were only three or four,
so long as there is a formidable minority opposing
appropriations of this description, on any ground
whatever, you can never make this systeA work.
1 have stated repeatedly in debate here during the
last few years, that if the minority, who are op-
posed to the policy of making appropriations for
rivers and harbors, would acquiesce in what seems
to be the general and settled sentiment of a major-
ity of the people of the country, and contribute
their aid, instead of throwing objections to the
passage of separate and distinct bills for each ob-
ject, we'might have a system which would be free
from the objections that all have felt to exist to the
present plan. But as long as that opposition
continues, I think the proposition of the Senator
from Maryland would be fatal to any appropri-
ations being hereafter made for these objects. I
know honorable Senators, who acquire great per-
sonal favor, may, on the score of personal consid-
erations,get separate bills through for their Stales.
The honorable Senator from North Carolina had
the address to get a pretty nearly unanimous con-
currence of the Senate in favor of a measure for
his State. Such measures as those may succeed,
but it will only be by that sort of influence being
brought to bear. The question is, whether that
is any better or more commendable reason upon
which to make these appropriations than any
other? I do r.ot mean the ground of that obstruc-
tion having been placed thereby the Government,
but as a matter of personal favorj if that was the
case in regard to that appropriation; I do not know
that it was. I was not aware, however, that it
stood on any distinct grounds. All t ask of the
Senator from Maryland is, to let this matter lie
over. 1 should not like, at this time, to vote
against his resolution. 1 think he had better let
it lie over until the next session, until we can sge
on what ground we can stand in reference to these
appropriations.
Mr. PETT1T. i really hope the Senator will
consent to let this resolution lie over. There are
a few House bills, confirming private land claims,
which I desire very much to have passed. I hope
the Senator will consent to the postponement of
his resolution. There can certainly be no neces-
sity for urging it now. The next session will an-
swer quite as well. I make the appeal to him to
allow it to lie over.
Mr. PRATT. I have no doubt, Mr. President,
that if we sat here until this day twelve months
there would be a few more bills to pass. If this
resolution be discussed now, it will have one ben-
eficial result. It will prevent the passage of bills
appropriating money out of the Treasury, 10 the
reading of which no one listens, and which no
one, except the Senator who moves to take it up,
knows a word about. We have passed forty or
fifty bills this morning, in regard to which no one
but the Senator who moved to take each bill up
knew anything at all. I think, therefore, that
the discussion of this measure will be a more in-
nocent amusement than the passage of bills with-
out their being understood.
In answer to the honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee, I beg to say to him that I never imagined,
when I offered this resolution, nor did 1 advocate
it as containing any new idea, as he supposes. I
never supposed that it had not entered into the
imagination of everybody who had had legislative
experience, that this was an evil which it was
greatly to be desired should be remedied. Any
one who has had any legislative experience will
admit that. It was not, therefore, offered as a new
idea, but as one which must have presented itself
to the mind of every legislator. I do not desire
to prolong the discussion, although 1 think it
would perhaps be the best thing we could do; but
as the yeas and nays have been ordered, I ask for
the vote upon the resolution.
Mr. PETTIT. I shall be satisfied if we can
take the vote.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, we have been
here now twenty-six hours, with the exception of
only three hours for sleep, and I am sure that we
have served our country faithfully for this day,
and for the previous day, and that it is unjust to
ourselves, dangerous to our health, and unsafe for
the public, that we should now take up any new
and great question like this; for it is a question,
speak of it as we may, that involves a radical
change in the policy of legislation upon a very
great interest—upon an absorbing interest. We
are not prepared to examine it with the care
which it requires. Weought not to decide itcare-
lessly. We are soon to meet again. If we shall
adopt the resolution, it can have no application to
the present session; for we have no more such
business now to do. If it had been adopted at
the beginning of the session, we should have had
the benefit of it, if there is any benefit to be de-
rived from it; but now we shall derive none. I
am sure it would be wisest to postpone it. I
therefore, concurring with gentlemen around me,
move that the further consideration of the reso-
lution be postponed until next December.
Mr. CASS. If this proposition applied to all
general appropriation bills, in which I mean to'in-
i elude river and harbor bills, I should be inclined
] to treat it with more favor. I think that all pri-
j vate claims may very well be considered by them-
I selves; but I do not see that the objection made
J to the consideration of river and harbor .objects
■ in one bill applies more in respect to that bill than
j to a civil and diplomatic bill, or a fortification bill,
. or any other appropriation bill.
I If I understand the Senator from Maryland, he
