1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1357
" Does the gentleman intend, to make such an assertion
as that on this Jloor ?** to which he refused to listen,
but added, " and, instead of getting the resolution
repealed, the proposition was received with a loud
laugh, and that was thought to be the last of it." In-
tending to put him on his guard, I from my seat
distinctly announced that iiI had offered no such
resolutionTo this he coolly responded, "No,
the gentleman from Ohio did not make the propo-
sition, but one of his colleagues did, I presume with
his consent."
In answer to this aggregation of untruths, 1
could only say that "no such transaction ever
occurred; no such facts ever existed; that neither
myself nor any colleague ever presented any prop-
osition of the kind; that no such thought ever en-
tered my mind, or flitted across my imagination."
To this strongest denial of his assertion I could
possibly make I added the most direct and un-
qualified charge of willful and corrupt misrepre-
sentation upon the member which I could utter
under parliamentary law. And, in order to do
him justice, 1 will read such parts of his reply as
have reference to this point. He used the follow-
ing language:
" Well, sir, I said this member from Ohio offered a reso- ■
iuiion to rescind the former vote of ecnsure. Now, Mr.
Chairman, I am one of those who nevei disregard or refuse
to recognize the act of an agent. I am one of those who
regard what is done by my agent as having been done by
myself; and if it were necessary I could give you law and
Latin to show that it is an established legal principle. I
am not here to draw mce distinctions. I do not split hairs ;
notl. Rut the memhei from Ohio says he did not offer this
resolution. Well, sir, he did not, but Ins colleague did."
The member was standing with the Congres-
sional Globe open before him,and spoke as though
he had the record of such a resolution. Well,
knowing that no such resolution, that no such
record existed, that this new fiction was an auda-
cious attempt to deceive the House, to wade
through his difficulty by new and unblushing fab-
rications, I spoke from my seat, and the follow-
ing colloquy took place between us:
il Mr. Giddings. Will the gentleman read the resolu- ,
tion? |
" Mr. Smith. You may read it if you wish. • i
"Mr. Giddings. Either read it or back out. ry \
"Mr. Smith I have the resolution before me, and I ;
will not back out. j
« Mr. Giddings. There is no such resolution. j
"Mr. Smi'ih. No, sir; there is no such resolution in |
express terms, but it was designed indirectly to accomplish ;■
the purpose [ have stated; fur, if received by the House, j
that would revoke the censure, and that will explain what !
follows hereafter. 1
« Mr. Giddings. Read it. |
"Mr. Smith I will not read it. !
Every member must have been struck with the ;
audacity which could prompt a man to stand thus :
in the presence of this body, and assert that he |
had such a resolution before him, when he had ;
nothing of the kind. Nothing holding any rela- j
tion to such resolution. When driven to the wall ;
he was constrained to resort to other and further :
fabrications, saying, " I have refused to read the
resolution because the whole debate to which it
gave rise, would have to be read in order to make
it intelligible. I have the resolution before^ me, ami
the whole proceeding in connection loith it." Now,
sir, will it be believed that any man has found
his way to this Hall, who could stand here and
utter such audacious untruths in the face of this
body? Yet when told that he had no such resoht'
tion, that he could not read thai it never existed,
he cooly admitted his own turpitude by passing
on to other remarks. AH present must have been
conscious that he was guilty of these consecutive
fictions. His manner, his tone, his countenance,
bore testimony to the deep depravity of his in-
tentions. He went on to say, "/ recollect when
he [Mr. Goode] got up and offered the resolutions,
there urns one general laugh throughout th-e House."
i need not say to those who were then present,
that Mr. Goode presented no such resolution;
that the member from Virginia could, therefore,
recollect no such transaction; that there was no
laugh throughout the Hall at his presenting such
resolution. All who witnessed the appearance,
tone, manner, and countenance of the member
must have been convinced that he had no such
Goode, a member from Ohio, who, in accordance
with the practice then and now followed, filed
them as petitions with the Clerk. I need not say
that proceedings of primary meetings were then
treated as they now are, like petitions. The filing
of these proceedings with the Clerk was done
quietly, without any motion, and without notice
by any other member. The next'morning Mr.
Bolts, thinking the resolutions too strong in lan-
guage, moved to amend the Journal; not, as the
member from Virginia states, to strike out any
portion ofthose proceedings. The motion prevailed
by a vote of 88 to 75. Now, the whole relation
which the member professed to give in regard to
Mr. Goode's presenting a resolution to repeal the
censure passed on me, the laugh which he says en-
sued, the motion to strike out a part of the pro-
ceedings, has no allusion to any real transaction.
Nothing of that character ever took place.
But it is possible that I do not regard the state-
ments of the member with proper charity; for he
appears to have had no very clear perception of
his own statements or turpitude, fie says such
was the loathsome, vile, miserable, contemptible
character of the proceedings, that the House struck
out the objectionable paragraph. He had pre- j
viously made no reference to any proceedings [
whatever, except to those of this House; and I j
presume he did not intend to stigmatise those as |
loathsome, vile, and contemptible. He could ;
hardly have termed the imaginary resolution of !
Mr. Goode, which, he says, was to repeal the 1
resolution of censure proceedings. If, therefore,
he had any real proceedings in his mind, they
must have been those of the meeting to which I
have referred, and which this House refused to
place on the Journal, but which are recorded in
the Congressional Globe of that day. Now, sir, j
after the lapse of twelve years, I will call atten- ;
tion to those resolutions of the people, of a con- •
stituency who sent me to represent them. And \ \
submit to the judgment of the nation whether that
people did not exhibit moie knowledge of the
principles on which our Government was founded
a better appreciation of the duties of Congress,
than did the ninety-eight members of this House
who refused to listen to their views.
The following are the resolutions:
" Resohed, Tiiat our fathers, at the expense of much
blood and treasure, established a representative form of gov-
ernment, in which the voire of the people was recognized
as the controlling power.
"2. That the right of representation having been pur-
chased by the be>t blood of our ancestors, can only be sur-
rendered by the best blood of their olTVpring.
"3. Thai to the maintenance of our Government in its
representative fdjni we solemnly pledge our lives, our for-
tunes and our honor.
' | "4. That eveiy attempt to abridge the right of the people
! to be heard through their representatives m our Halls of
i | legislation is anti republican incompatible with oui institu-
| i tions, subversive ot American libcity, and revolutionary ip
:[ Us tendency.
>\ 4*S. That the vote of conjure passed upon the Hon.
| Joshua II. Gijjdinck on the'J2d Match, 181-2, was a fla-
> i grant violation of our rights, and the rights of our State,
'{ subversive oi the mout impoiiant feature ot our Govein-
,] ment, and should be regarded <i« the commencement of an
|! 'important revolution.
11 6. That while those concerned in the «lave trade upon
11 the high ^ea*, dematul ot the federal Government protee-
J tion for that uallic, the suhjcct is a legitimate matter of
11 discussion both in Congress and among the people.
I) "7. That we call upon the friends of representative gov-
|i eminent in this and in otber States of this Union to ex-
| pre«.s their views upon the late high handed measure by ,
i which the rights of the people of this distnet have been
jl grossly violated.
'j -'8. That in particular manner we call upon the peo-
pie of the Richmond district, Virginia, to say whether
it they desne to deny to us the right of expressing through
]\ our Representative our views as to our obligations to
ji maintain the slavo trade, while they demand of us through
!| the Federal Go%:rnment to support such commerce, even
i| at the ejkjwnse of war.
' j u 9. That the real i-^ue before the people is, shall they be.
i' allowed to express their views upon questions of national
policy, including those of peace and war?
"1U. Thatas brethren of the same republican family, we
i call upon those who voted to censure our Representative
to declare whether they wish to maintain the slave trade
!] upon the high seas with our wealth and our lives ; and at
!! the same time, to deny to us the expression of sentiments
i! through our Representative--.
j e'iJ. That the question now proposed to the people of
: the nation, is one which should be considered paramount
to all party considerations, involving the mo<t vital pruiei-
resolution. nor record; therefore he could neither it pies ol our Government, and demanding the united support
l At* it 11 of ail patriots in support of the people's rights.'-
A meeting of the people was held in the county ! j The tone and feeling, the doctrine, of thesei res-
where I reside, at which strong resolutions were •, olutions appear to be appropriate to he piesent
adopted in reference to the censure passed upon j time. I reter to them wi h pride. y p  
mvself in this body. The proceedings of that l| the views which that people entertained twelve
meeting were forwarded to Hon. Patrick G. >1 years since, and to which they still adhere. Su,
had the other portions of the free States then
spoken as my constituents spoke, we should not
have now seen the Missouri compromise repealed.
The member from Virginia must have referred
to these resolutions, if he referred to anything,
when he declared the proceedings loathsome, viie,
miserable, contemptible. He was one who had at-
tempted to control my action. He was one whose
action was denounced by the people. I will not
place his action in contrast with thetone and doc-
trine of the resolutions just read. I should be
guilty of injustice to the men who composed that
meeting were 1 to do that. But I do not hesitate
to contrast their sound constitutional and states-
manlike views with those expressed by this body.
Sir, the country has, with almost unanimous voice,
approved the doctrines of that people, and con-
demned those of this body. The history of this
transaction will long stand as one of the proudest
monuments of popular intelligence, of popular in-
dependence, that has ever found a place in the
history of this or of any other government. The
member from Virginia has said that that people
were worthy of me. Sir, the proudest epitaph I
desire to be recorded upon my tomb will be that I
was worthxj of the people whom I represented.
But I do not blame the member from Virginia
for refusing to read these r'esolu tions. His error
consisted in referring to them, in representing
them as asking Congress to repeal its vote of
censure. Sir, they ask nothing of Congress.
Their language is that of dignified rebuke. They
spoke as becomes a people when they address their
servants. My constituents supplicate no earthly
power. It was their independent intelligence which
then thrilled the nation, and caused the members
who censured their Representative to recede from
their positions. It was this record which the mem-
ber held before lum when the colloquy took place
between us, in which I said " Reudit, or back out;"
to which he replied,"/ have the resolution before
me." In saying this, the member could not have
acted ignorantly. He must have been conscious
at the time that he was uttering a deliberate mis-
representation. It is my duty to expose these fab-
rications. He has boasted that he was once Gov-
ernor of the old Commonwealth of Virginia; he
professes to be a leader of the slaveholding party
in this Hous£; he tells us of his devotion to the
Democratic party and to slavery, as though they
were identical; and it becomes my duty to hold
up the mirror to him, that he may contemplate the
light in which he stands, and that the country may
know the claims which he possesses to public
confidence.
I must pass over many points of trifling im-
portance, in order to notice a few of the most
prominent untruths put forth by the member.
Tacitly admitting the falsehood of his original as-
sertion, and of his various fictions, brought forth
to cover a dishonorable retreat from disgraceful
positions, he proceeded to assail me on another
point. I give his words:
" But sueli was tne howling storm of indignation in tins
entire Hall, such wits the deep abhorrence of the vile and
atroe.ious cominet of that member, that ho, in view of that
stimn, and shrinking Irom it, asked if lie had the power to
withdraw hia le.-olulioiis.''
If the record of that event does not show that I
met the " howling storm" to which he refers with-
out shrinking, I must submit to the imputation.
My mind dwelt, at the time, on th« Constitution
of our country; upon my rights; upon the rights
of the people. I was not, indeed, conscious of the
" howling storm" to which he refers. I had not
dreamed that any one saw cause to shrink or
tremble on the occasion alluded to. I have no
ambition, however, to vindicate my reputation for
courage. The bull-dog or wild boar possess as
much ofthat asthememberfrom Virginia; yet,sir,
even on that point the member shall not escape
from an exposure of his misrepresentation. I
would give him to understand that mendacity,
when exhibited even upon matters unimportant,
cannot escape notice, if put forth by way of assault
upon a fellow-member.
By referring to the history of our legislation Jn
1842, it will be seen that we were then acting under
gag-rules, as already stated. That no member
was permitted to assert his views as to the relation
which the people of the free States held to the
institution of slavery. I was perfectly aware of the .
irritation which would be called forth by the pre-
sentation of my resolutions. They set at defiance
