THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
it hag been said, were written by members of the
Cabinet. We have seen the Administration press
of the country teeming with appeals to the pas-
sions of the people, in order to prepare them for
war with Cuba. We have seen it heralded through
those presses that her emancipadoes were to be set
free. We have seen it proclaimed through the
same press, that she had limited the price of slaves,
that her scheme of colonization would eventually
emancipate all her slaves; and those presses have
appealed to the people to prevent this sad progress
of civilization, lest it should interfere with the
slavery of our southern States.
Every member is conscious of our diplomatic
efforts, under a slaveholding President, when a
hundred millions of dollars were offered to secure
the slavery of Cuba from the influences there ope-
rating in favor of its then future overthrow.
Now we are officially called on by the President
to arrest this advancing improvement in the moral
and physical condition of Cuba, by the most de-
cisive action in the power of the nation. Sir,
nearly the whole southern press is teeming with
articles similar to those put forth in the Union of
this city. I have before me an extract from an
article published in the Fairfield, South Carolina,
Herald, of a recent date, which I will read to the
House. It is as follows:
" Cuba is overlooked, Nebraska is fought for, and what
will be the result of the fight? The future alone can tell.
Both of these countries are about being snatched from the
South ; the Joss of the latter would be but a slight restric-
tion to slavery, while the former, m the hands of emanci
pated blacks, or of foreign Powers determined lo emanci-
pate, would be a total loss to the commerce of the world,
and a death-blow to the extension of slavery."
I repeat, Mr. Speaker, that is the sentiment of
the whole southern press devoted to the support
of this Administration; but it is no part of my
purpose to stand here and read proofs in support
of facts, with which every one must beacquainted,
and which no member will doubt or deny.
I must also refer to the inauguiai address of
the President himself. When he came into power
he declared to the people of the nation that he
recognized the institutions of slavery in the southern-
States as standing upon the same basis as other re-
cognized bights, and equally entitled to the sup-
port and protection of the Federal Government.
2 speak from recollection, and do not repeat the
language, but lam certain I express the precise
ideas which the President put forth. He holds
that this Government, with all its mighty powers;
with all its unlimited energies; with its character,
as one of the great Powers of the earth; with all
its moral, its political, and physical influence, is to
exert its utmost energies and influence to uphold
and protect the barbarous institutions of African
slavery in the southern States. It is a deliberate
attempt to revolutionize the Government of the
United States. I pronounce it as such here, and
I pronounce it as such everywhere. Sir, it was
in vain that our fathers attempted to establish the
great and undying truth, that all men are created
equal, and that it is the province of Government
to exert its power and influence for the security
and maintenance of the rights of all the people-to
life and liberty, if these views of the Executive
prevail.
Sir, this Administration is endeavoring to turn
the energies of this nation to the overthrow of this
great fundamental principle, which lies at the basis
of this Republic. It is an effort radically to change
its essential elements; to eradicate its life-giving,
its vitalizing energies. 1 feel it my duty to meet
and expose this design at its fust distinct, unmis-
takable enunciation. The President now proclaims
that intervention against freedom—against emanci-
pation in Cuba—is to become the watchword of
this Executive and his party.
I will further remark to the House, that I be-
lieve, in one of the States of this Union, resolu-
tions are pending, or have been pending, censur-
ing the Executive of the United States for his non-
interference to pi event emancipation in.Cuba. I
repeat, that 1 am told through the public press,
and that is my only source of information, that
such is the fact at this time in Louisiana.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana, (interrupting.)
I should like to correct the gentleman as to that
point.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will hear the gentleman
with pleasure.
_ Mr. PERKINS. The Legislature ofLouisiana
is not even in session. Such resolutions were in-
troduced and laid upon the table when it was in
session.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Well, such resolutions were
offered when it was in session.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. Will the gentle-
man allow me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Certainly; I wish gentle-
men to understand that when they desire to in-
terrupt me, I yield the floor most cheerfully for
any correction.
Mr. JONES. I understand that the gentleman
has said that he has been informed through the
public press that resolutions are before the Legis-
lature of Louisiana complaining of the President,
and denouncing him for not interfering to arrest
the progress of civilization in Cuba, i tell that
gentleman, sir, that I do not believe, in the first
place, that he has seen any such statement m the
public prints, and I say, further, that all such state-
ments are false.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I am very happy to hear it.
Gentlemen will not disturb my temper or ruffle
my feelings when they tell me 1 am wrong. No,
sir, in God's name, set me right. If I have done
injustice to Louisiana, I recall it. The member,
however, was not quite as polite to me as I would
have been to him when he said he did not believe
I had seen the statement in the papers. 1 tell him
that I have seen it, and that he has no authority
to tell me that I have not seen it.
Mr. JONES sought the floor.
Mr. GIDDINGS. No, I do not yield to the
gentleman. When a man tells me that he does
not believe what I assert on this floor, I do not
listen to him a second time. When a gentleman
treats me with propriety 1 will treat him with for-
bearance; but when a gentleman says he does not
believe my word, I have done with him. I desire
no further interchange of civilities with him. For
the satisfaction of that member, I can tell him
that he will find the statement to which 1 have
referred in one of the papers of this city, in one
of the papers of New York, and I think he will
find it in many others; but his colleague has ad-
mitted all I stated.
Now, let me proceed a little further, and ex-
amine the time when this demonstration is at-
tempted to be made. France and England have
guarantied to Spain the integrity of her colonial
possessions in both hemispheres; and now, when
England is employing all her energies, and France
all her power, to protect the national liberty and
national independence of Turkey; when a new
and sublime spectacle is presented to the civilized
world; when the Cross and the Crescent are float-
ing together on the same breeze, intermingling their
folds; when the Turk and the Christian stand
side by side in favor of freedom; when the backs
of France and England are opposing the progress
of Russian despotism, and all their energies are
employed to maintain the rights of nations and of
mankind, we are called upon to strike them like
assassins in their backs, to become the allies, the
aiders and associates of Russian tyranny, to stay
the progress of Christianity, of civilization in this
western hemisphere—to meanly and piratically
steal Cuba, in order that tile chains of slavery may
be more securely riveted upon her bondsmen.
This does not look like chivalry. I do not know
what the opinion of southern members may be;
but to me this attempt to strike the back of a foe
is not in accordance with the ideas of honor in
which I was educated. If we are to set up as a
nation of pirates; if we are to go into a war of
conquest; if we are to set Gieat Britain, France,
and Spain at defiance, let us do it manfully, in
open daylight, and before the woild. Let us at
least show ourselves men. Let us have a fair
fight. Iam a man of peace. I go for peace; but
if we are to fight, I would have an honorable com-
bat. I would give the enemy notice, and meet as
a foe worthy of our steel.
This, sir, is not the most objectionable feature
of the message; but it is one which calls for con-
sideration. I hope and trust that the crown of i
Spain will notice these preparations to wrest from
her the Island of Cuba—the fairest jewel that ever
graced the diadem of a European Q,ueen—the
richest and fairest of her dominions—and I trust
that, in accordance with a policy heretofore adopted
by her, on the approach of an American army,
her slaves shall be emancipated. Then, if we
conquer it, we shall conquer an island of free-
men, The Army of the United States will meet
those men who have been emancipated, and with
arms in their hands will prefer liberty or death.
I do not know but that gentlemen will say that I
am not patriotic; but if I were a Cuban; if I were
one of those emancipated slaves, I would do my /}
best to welcome every invader to a hasty grave. <*
If I were a native of Cuba, as I am of these
States, I would defend it with all the energy that
God and nature had bestowed upon me, and would
lay my bones in the last ditch, or I would live to
breathe the air of freedom. It would not be any-
thing unusual, in the course of that Providence
which sets the intelligence and wisdom of men at
defiance, if this effort were to result in the promo-
tion of human freedom. 1 hope and trust that it
will. I have no fears of the war.
Now, let me tell gentlemen that I stand here as
I did some sixteen months since; and I assure
you, Mr. Speaker, and the country, that the Ex-
ecutive never will dare to invade Cuba, for the
reason that it will hasten the emancipation of her
bondmen; and our forces, if sent there, instead of
meeting the Creoles or an army of white men, will
have to confront an army of emancipated slaves,
who will welcome them to combat. These move-
ments do not discourage me. They do not intim-
idate me. I never despond. On the contrary, I
see the destiny of this nation wielded by that
" higher law" which will laugh the Executive
and his influence to scorn; that higher law which
he and his friends have so often ridiculed, while
it was silently paralyzing his influence, and steal-
ing from him his political breath, until he has
already become a breathing political corpse. Sir,
it is that higher law—it is that popular sentiment
which is now rolling on in the North—which was
manifested in New York the night before last—
which was manifested in Philadelphia a day or
two ago—which is manifested by the three thou-
sand and fifty signatures of New England clergy
to the petition presented at the other end of this
Capitol—which is manifested in ten thousand
public meetings throughout the land of the free—
which is manifested m every log cabin in the
West, and in the richer residences of the North—
which is manifested in the pulpit and on the stump
—which is manifested at the prayer meetings and
at the political convocations—which must and
will shape the destiny of this nation; before that
we must bow, for it is the voice of God uttered by
his people. Sir, we are a people who pray before
we fight; and when we have said our prayers, and
put on our armor, then our enemies had better
stand aside than to meet us. [Laughter.]
Sir, I would intimidate no one; but I tell you
there is a spirit in the North which will set at de-
fiance all the low and unworthy machinations of
this Executive, and of the minions of its power.
When the contest shall come; when the thunder
shall roll, and the lightning flash; when theslaves
shall rise in the South; when, in imitation of the
Cuban bondmen, the southern slaves of the South
shall feel that they are men; when they feel the
stirring emotions of immortality, and recognize
the stirring truth that they are men, and entitled
to the rights which God has bestowed upon them;
when the slaves shall feel that, and when masters
shall turn pale and tremble when their dwellings
shall smoke, and dismay sit on each countenance,
then, sir, I do not say " we will laugh at your
I calamity, and mock when your fear cometh,"
but I do say, when that time shall come, the lovers
of our race will stand forth, and exert the legiti-
mate powers of this Government for freedom.
We shall then have constitutional power to act
for the good of our country, and do justice to the
slave. Then will we strike off the shackles from
the limbs of the slaves. That will be a period
when this Government will have power to act
I between slavery and freedom, and when it can
make peace by giving freedom to the slaves. And
let me tell you, Mr. Speaker, that that time has-
tens. It is rolling forward. The President ia
exerting a power that will hasten it, though not
intended by him. I hailit as I do the approaching
dawn of that political and moral millennium which
I am well assured will come upon the world.
Sir, no petty shrewdness, no trivial attempts by
the Executive or members of this body to outwit
or overreach the Almighty, or at outmanaging the
order of His Providence; no attempt to avoid the
just judgments of God, to evade his wrath, will
then be regarded as efficient. Some of us are pre-
pared for the conflict. I would speak a word
