2210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4,
expired, to anticipate, by the action of Congress,
that period of time which the faith of the country
requires should be permitted to elapse before the
notice be given. I consider that it is a breach of
fait(i on the part of Congress to pass the provision
at thia time; and#hat if a great necessity should
exist at the next session to pass it, you can give
notice, if you please, and pass the bill on the 31st
of December next, and there can be no great loss
to the country. It is at least a question where it
is very doubtful whether the faith of Qongress is
not involved; and surely you would not now haz-
ard a question of that kind merely to anticipate
the period of notice. I submit that on no prin-
ciple of good faith, and on no principle of public
necessity, is this legislation required in this ap-
propriation bill; and there can be no public evil
arising from the Senate insisting upon their
amendment. I hope the Senate will insist and
adhere, if necessary, even though they may ohoose
at the next session to pass a law authorizing a
similar notice.
Mr. SEWARD. When this question was up
yesterday, or rather this morning, about three
o'clock, the Senate was very thin, I proposed at
that time to go somewhat at large into the question;
but to prevent an abuse of the patience of mem-
bers who had been here so long, I refrained. As
the Senate is now reconvened, after having been
refreshed, I will submit the argument which 1
omitted to do then. In the first place, I ask the
attention of the Senate to a letter from Mr. Col-
lins, the agent of the Collins line of steamers, to
the Postmaster General, dated 28th January last,
in reply to a letter which had been addressed to
him by the Postmaster General.
Mr. Seward proceeded to read the letter; but
before he had proceeded far, he gave way, and the
following business was transacted.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORTON, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1855, reported:
That the House agrees to recede from its disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate, and concur with the
Senate in its third amendment, with the following amend-
ment thereto:
Strike out of said amendment thfsft word-!: "The said
allowance to commence with the fiscal year beginnmjj July
J, 1853, and to be computed (or the first year from the ascer-
tained weight ior the month of January. 1851," and insert
in lieu thereof the following: "Thin allowance to com-
mence with the passage of this act, and to continue for one
year only, and to be computed from the ascertained weight
for the month of Januaiy,
The Senate agrees to recede from its fourth and fifth
amendment.
The second amendment of the Senate jgas to
insert the following additional section:
Skc. 4. Jiml be it farther enacted, That there he allowed
ami paid to tin* l>o&iuj<ii t«,r <>f Washington city, District of
(Jolumhi.i, out of any money in the Treasury not othpr
wise appropiiated, a commission of one mill per pound
upon the aggregate weight of public documents printed by
order of Corigi<vPs, and deposited in thooflxee ol Haul post
master to be m.uled; the said allowance to commence
with the fiscnJ year beginning July 1,1853, and to be com-
puted for the first year for the ascertained weight for ilif
month of January, 1854. And that the said postmaster be
required to payout of the said commissions to the clerks
and other employees oi Iih office, a sum not exec ding
*$250 each, per annum, a?! compensation for the extra lab'u
performed by them in the assortment and mailing of said
document?; and that he. be lequired to account for, and
sen ie with, the Post Ortiee Depaitmeiit, for the disburse-
merit of these commissions, and any surplus that may ru-
maifi, in the same mannei as is now requn ed in the settle
merit of his other accounts.
The House had disagreed to this amendment,
but they recede from this disagreement on the
amendment proposed by the committee of con-
ference bein g made.
The fourth and fifth amendments, from which
the Senate recede, were to insert:
Skt. —. ,1n/i be it further enacted* Thaf Ihe surviving
late Vice President of "the. United States shall have, during
Jns> life, Ihe fame authority to lrank letter*, and other mail
maHi r. which h<- po^ecetMl while in office. And (he same
authority shall belong to future Vice Presidents after they
go out ol office.
Sec. — Jhid be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authorized to pav to Crans-
ton Lowne a reasonable compensation for performing the
dmu s of two fje-k* in the Po>t Office Department, not to
' w « ed hall pav of a clerk lor the time he was s?o empioj ed.
The tepurf was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM .THE HOUSE.
. A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill for the relief of Henry
Lewis, of Clinton county, Indiana.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary, announcing that he had this day approved
and signed the following acts:
An act to incorporate the Pioneer Manufactur-
ing Company of GeoVgetown, District of Colum-
bia; «yid
An act to change the name of the American-built
brig Glamorgan to that of Wizard.
RIVER AND HAR&OR BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled act
making appropriations for the repair, preservation,,
and completion of certain public works heretofore
commenced under the authority of law: which
was thereupon signed by the President pro tem-
pore.
WILLIAM CURRAN.
On motion by Mr. PETTIT, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
House bill for the relief of William Curran.
It provides that the assignment, bearing date
April 25, 1851, from Thomas Myers to William
Curran, of bounty land warrant No. 407, for one
hundred and sixty acres of land, dated February
7, 1851, and issued to Thomas Myers, private and
corporal in Captain Skinner's company, Colonel
Mills's regiment of iSfew York volunteers, war of
1812, be confirmed and declared effectual to trans-
fer the warrant, to Curran, and to vest in him the
title thereto from the date of the assignment; and
this act is to be good and sufficient evidence of the
assignment, as having Ifeen duly made in all
courts and places whatever.
It appears by the petition and papers of Wil-
liam Curran, that on the 7th of February, 1851,
a bounty land warrant of that date was duly is-
sued, under the act of Congress of September 28,
1850, to Thomas Myers, who was a private and
a corporal in Captaip Skinner's company, Colo-
nel Mills's regiment of the New York volunteers,
in the war of 1812, for one hundred and sixty
acres of land, which warrant was number four
hundred and seven. On the 25th of April, 1851,
and before the passage of the act of Congress
making land warrants assignable,Thomas Myers
sold the warrant to the petitioner for $200, which
was duly paid; and thereupon the said Myers
duly executed, under-his hand-and seal, and deliv-
ered to the petitioner, an assignment bearing date
the 25th of April, 1851—that being the day of its
execution—witfi a power and authority contained
in the assignment to said petitioner to locate the
warrant on any public lands, according to law, in
the name of Thomas Myers; and the assignment
also contained an agreement «n the part of Myers
that he would convey to the petitioner, by deed,
the lands on which the warrant should be located,
upon their being patented to him. After the as-
signment, and about the time of the passage of the
act of Congress making land warrants assignable,
which was the 22d of March, 1852, Thomas
Myers died intestate, leaving no estate, or, at
most, but very little, and that no letters of admin-
istration have been gianted in his case.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
ENOCH S. MORE.
On motion by Mr PETTIT, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole,considered House bill
for the relief of Enoch S More.
It seems that the rolls of Captain Abraham
Matteson, of the New York militia, show that
Enoch S. More deserted in 1812. Satisfactory
evidence has been filed in the Pension Office that
More, instead of havingdeserted,as shown bythe
roll, was absent on furlough and sick at the time.
On an investigation of the said evidence by the
Commissioner of Pensions, it was deemed suffi-
cient to grant htm an invalid pension, on this state
of facts, in order to enable him to get a bounty of
land under the act of September 28, 1850, and to
correct the roll, as the bill proposes to direct the
Commissioner of Pensions to correct the roll by
erasing the words which imply that More desert*
ed, and insert in lieu thereof the words " sick and
absent on furlough.'5 And he is to have all the
rights he would have had if he had continued in
good health, and served m the company according
to the terms of his enlistment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
THOMAS ELLIS.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, House bill
for the relief of Thomas Ellis wag considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
The object of it is to require the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Thomas Ellis, of
Platte county, in the State of Illinois, upon the roll
of invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight dollars
per month, from May 11, 1852, during his life.
The bill was reported to the Senate,
Mr. ATCHISON. I move to amend the bill
by striking out "Illinois" and inserting "Mis-
souri." There is no such county as Platte in tho
State of Illinois; there is in Missouri.
The amendment w'as agreed to, and ordered to
be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
It w&s read a third time, and passed.
GEORGE M'GIRK.
On motion by Mr. PETTIT, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole,- proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives, " for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of George McGirk."
It proposes to authorize thelegal representatives
of George McGirk to enter, without payment, one
hundred and sixty acres of land, in any land office
in the State of Missouri, in lieu of a tract of land
claimed by them in said State; and to direct the
Register of the Land Office, on payment of his
fee, to issue the necessary certificate, on the return
of which a patent shall issue in favor of said legal
representatives.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate, ordered to a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
GAD HUMPHREYS",
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, Senate bill for
the relief of Gad Humphreys—reported from the
Committee on Claims—was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is designed to direct the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to ascertain the value of
property of Gad Humphreys, alleged to have been
burned and destroyed by order of Colonel Pierce,
of the United States Army, at Fort Defiance, Flor-
ida, in 1836, and to pay the amount thus ascer-
tained, if evidence to the satisfaction of the Sec-
retary of War be furnished to him that the prop-
erty was lost to the owner in consequence of the
troops of the United States being stationed at that
point, and of the orders of the officer in command.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
LLOYD DORSEY AND OTHERS.
On motion by Mr. PETTIT, the bill from the
House for the relief of Lloyd Dorsey and others,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
By it, Lloyd Dorsey, of the county of St.
Charles, Missouri, will be authorized to enter, at
the proper land office in that State, at the mini-
mum price of the public lands, the southeast frac-
tional quarter of section twenty-two, township
forty-six, range four east,containing one hundred
and forty-two and eighty-nine one hundredth acres;
and to enter, for the use and benefit of the heirs
of George Pitzer, deceased, the southwest frac-
tional quarter of section twenty-two, township
forty-six, range four east, containing one hundred
and four acres, and the northeast fractional quar-
ter of section twenty-seven, township forty-six,
range four east, containing forty-six acres; but
nothing in this act is to prejudice the rights of any
person or persons having any legal or equitable
ckim to the lands herein mentioned, or any part
thereof.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
PORT OF DELIVERY AT ROCK ISLAND.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Last night a hill was passed
creating three or/our ports of delivery; but, by
