1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2217
accident, Rock Island was omitted. I now ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate to introduce
a bill to constitute Rock Island, in the State of
Illinois, a port or' delivery. I wish to have it sent
down to the House immediately, so that it may
be concurred in there.
By unanimous consent, leave to introduce the
bill was granted; and, there being no objection,
it was read a first and second time, and'consid-
efed as in Committee of the Whole, ft proposes
to enact that Rock Island be a port of delivery,
subject to the same regulations and restrictions as
other ports of delivery in the United States, and
that there shall be appointed a surveyor of the
customs for that port, who shall perform the duties
prescribed by the act of Congress of March 2,
1831. Rock Island is to be a port of delivery
within the collection district of New Orleans.
Mr. PEARCE. I should like to hear a state-
ment from the Senator from Illinois as to the rea-
sons of this measure. It seems to me at present
that its only effect is to increase Executive patron-
age, to create some new offices, and give new sal-
aries. As I understand it. railroad iron is brought
into New Orleans in ships, there transhipped to
steamboats, and thus taken up to Rock Island.
It seems to me to be entirely unnecessary to estab-
lish a port of delivery there, if the whole of the
custom-house business can be done as well at New
Orleans; and the transhipment must be made there,
at nil events.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will tell the Senator the
reason for this bill. There are ports of delivery
at Pittsburg, Louisville, St. Louis, New Albany,
and half a dozen other places on the Ohio and
Mississippi rivers. Last night we made Keokuk
and Dubuque, in Iowa, ports of delivery. The
simple reason for this is, that Rock Island is
where they are making many railroads, and it is
important to have railroad iron delivered there
directly. It was my design to move it as an
amendment to the bill which came from the House
last night, but I omitted to do so. This bill is in
the usual form, and does nothing more for Rock
Island than has been done for other places.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, ana passed.
INDEX TO PRIVATE CLAIMS.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have a resolution to offer,
which is of some real importance to this body, and
of some advantage to the interests of the country.
I am instructed by the Committee on Printing to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be instructed
to purchase, for the use of the Senate, two bundled copies
oi the hidt.x to Private Claims, ftom the Fir>t to tiie Tilirty- j
F;rs>t Congress inclusive, printed by order of Hie House of !
Ih preventatives: Provided, The puce per *et does not ox- 1
ceed the amount paid by the said Hou^e; and the Secretary :
pay for them out of the contingent fund of the Senate: Jlnd 1
■provided, Said copies shall be deposited in the office of the \
Secretary of the Senate, for the use of the Seriate and Sen- |
ale committees. I
This work is oi-.e which has been printed under j
the order of the House of Representatives. The 1
Senate some years ago, under its own order, pro- 1
vided indexes of all claims, from the beginning of !
the Government, which originated in the Senate, ;
but made no index of those originating in the •
House. The House a few years since ordered ,
this work to be done; and it took three years to 1
compile it. The House took only one thousand j
five hundred copies of the work, and those one j
thousand five hundred copies were ordered to be ■
distributed to members as other documents. !
These books would be of great advantage to our ;
committees in tracing up claims that come before «
them, which notoriously get better and better
each successive Congress, until they are finally ;
passed; but if we could go back to our early
hi&toiy, where the true facts in reference to some
of these old claims is developed, they would not
go through; but, for want of such an index, we
have been unable hitherto to trace them back. ;
This resolution proposes to take for the use of
the Senate two hundred copies of this work—all
that are left m the hands of the printer. We pro-
pose to obtain them, and deposit them in the
office of the Secretary of the Senate, trom which '
they can be taken for use by the committees for ;
investigation, and at the end of each session the
committees will return the copies which they get;
and the two hundred v/ili probably last for#a great
number of years. The utility of having such a
work will be seen at once.
The resolution is so guarded that we can pay
no more than the House has paid. A set consists
of three volumes, and costs frio 63. They are
quarto volumes, and contain upwards of seven hun-
dred pages, as Senatois can see by looking at the
vo'umes which are on my desk. The cost, will
be $3 54^ a volume, which is very cheap. We
shall never again have an opportunity to obtain
this work. The benefit of it to the country will
be lasting, and it wiii unquestionably afford means
for the protection of the Treasury. With these
remarks, I submit the question for the decision of
the Seriate.
The resolution was adopted.
JAMES CAPEN.
On motion by Mr. ROCKWELL, House bill
for the relief of James Capen was considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of James Capen on the
pension roll, and pay him eight dollars per month
during his natural life, to commence March 4,
1851.
Capen served five months and twelve days, and,
including the time spent m going to and returning
from the places of muster, he served over six
months. He was draughted for a term of three
years' service, and owing to the sickness of his
father, he was obliged to hire a substitute. There
is no satisfactory evidence furnished that he ac-
tually served six rnonths, thereby entitling him to
be placed on the pension roll, under the act of
June 7th, 1832, and to receive arrears of pension
from March 4,1831, to the present time. But as
he probably may have served that length of time,
and is now very old and infirm, the committee
were of opinion that he should be placed on the
pension roll—his pension to commence from
March 4, 1851, about the date of hts application.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Cleik, an-
nouncing that they had agreed to the amendment
of the Senate to the bill to provide a pension for
Captain Thomas Porter.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ferencecn the d sagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department for the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1855.
SANFORD'S REPORT.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. I offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Superintendent of Public Printing be
directed to deliver to II. S. San ford five hundred copies of
Senate document No. 03.
The document referred to is Mr. Sanford's re-
port on the penal codes of Europe. The resolu-
tion is in accoidance with precedent.
The resolution was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, the Senate again
proceeded to the corsideiation of Executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. FISH. There are a few private bills from
the House, mostly pension bills, which 1 think
might very well be considered now, particularly
as we have but little business to transact. I hope
the Senate will take up these bills, and pass them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
in the chair.) The question is on receding from
the amendment of the Senate to the bill making
appropriations for transportation of the United
States mail by ocean -sreameis and otherwise,
during the fiscal year ending 30th of June, 1855,
on which the Senator's colleague has the floor.
Mr. FISH. I hope my colleague will Meld.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope not. Tnere is not a
quorum of the Senate present, mfny opinion. We
have not had ume to look into these private bi'is;
and as Congress will he in session very sorn, and
as the next session will be of thice months3 dura-
tion, we have plenty of time to attend to them. I
do not see why they cannot wait.
Mr. FISH. The bills have all been reported on
by the committees of this body
Mr. TOOMBS. But the members of the body
have not had an opportunity to examine them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on receding from the amendment to the mail
steamer bill, on which question the Senator ftom
New York has the floor.
Mr. SE.WARD. I had the floor, but I was
requested to yield until everybody else got throup-h
all their bills; but there are two which I ask the
Senate to take up and pass. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House bill
for the relief of Asa Leach.
ASA LEACH."
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill.
It proposes to instruct the Secretary of the In-
terior to place the name of Asa Leach on the pen-
sion roll at four dollars a month, commencing
August 1, 1852,and continuing during his natural
life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time,and passed.
WARREN RAYMOND.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the House bill for
the relief of Warren Raymond.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Warren Raymond, of
; the State of New York, upon the roll of invalid
! pensioners, at the rate of four dollars per month,
! to commence on the 1st of January, 1853, and to
continue during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
OLIVER LEE.
Mr. PEARCE. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr, FISH. I ask the Senator to withdraw
that motion for a moment.
Mr. HUNTER. There is an appropriation
bill which we have not yet decided upon—the mail
steamer bill. Let us take a vote upon it before we
adjourn.
Mr. FISH. I have a private bill for the relief
of the legal representative of Oliver Lee, which I
ask the Senate to take up. If it leads to any de-
bate, I will consent to its postponement.
Mr. PEARCE. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. Fish's motion was agreed to, and the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill for the relief of the representa-
tives of Oliver Lee. It proposes to direct the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to Charles H. Lee,
administrator, and Eliza Lee, administratrix of
the estate of Oliver Lee, late of the city of Buffalo,
deceased, $580 32, being the amount of a judg-
ment recovered by Oliver Lee against P. A. Baker,
formerly collector of the port of Buffalo Creek, in
the circuit court of the United States for the north-
ern district of New York, in the second circuit,
and docketed the 30th of August, 1834.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 should like to know the rea-
sons for that bill ?
Mr. FISH. I promised not to say a word
about it.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to know why the Gov-
ernment of the United States should release this
judgment?
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the bill will not pass.
It is an abandonment of all principle of legisla-
tion. Gentlemen tell us that they have promised
to say nothing upon it, and yet they ask us to pass
the hill without knowing for what reason. I shall
call for the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. FISH. I withdraw the bill. I promised
that if there was objection I would not press it.
Mr. TOOMBS. If it be right, I do not object
to it; but I do not know whether it is right or not.
Mr. FISH. Let the bill be postponed.
The further consideration of the bill was post-
poned until to-morrow.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forntey, their Clerk,
announcing that they had agreed to the amendment
