1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
mm
of caution to the President, and to the friends
-who sustain him. They should prepare to have
their works examined. The places which now
know them will, in all human probability, soon
know them no more forever. All the signs of the
times must fail, or one year from this day there
will be a larger majority in this body opposed to
the Administration than there now is in its favor.
They should therefore set their house in order,
for they must soon pass from these Halls to that
bouine from whence no traveler returns.
Mr. Speaker, I am told that my hour is near its
close. 1 have already occupied your time longer
than I originally intfended. 1 rose solely from a
consciousness that this message of the President
ought not to go forth to the people of the United
States unexposed. 1 felt that there should a com-
mentary go with it. I believed that the attention
of ttsts House, and of the people, should be called
to its consideration, so that the whole Worth, as
well as the South, might see and understand
the present ruling policy of this Executive and
of his Administration. That policy, sir, is the
support of slavery in Cuba, an3 its extension in
the Territories of the United States. It stands
forth in this message, over the official signature of
the President. It is proclaimed to the country, to
the world. With that policy 1 make no conditions.
Against it 1 wage an unmitigated, unceasing war-
fare. Here and elsewhere, by the wayside and
by the fireside, I assail and hold it up to the con-
demnation of all good men. Sir, the whole North
is now presenting an array of moral and political
influence which, in my opinion, will, at no distant
day, redeem and regenerate the nation from the
say, that, in my opinion, that ^lauseof the Consti- |j
tution refers more particularly to questions relating ' j
to our foreign relations than to those appertaining
to our domestic affairs; for the simple reason that
the Executive, being the Department of the Gov-
ernment more especially placed in charge of our
foreign relations, may be supposed to be better
informed than any other department of the Gov-
ernment in respect to them; and it is therefore
especially in reference to our foreign affairs that
the President ought to communicate to us freely
his views when he calls upon us for action, and
on such occasions to recommend such meas-
ures as he shall judge necessary and expedient.
And so he ought to do when he may anticipate
from an inquiry of ours that we contemplate it.
When the transaction is ended, he ought to con-
tent himself with furnishing the papers asked for
But when it is not he ought either to withhold the
papers, or to accompany them with his views in
respect to the case.
Mr. GiDDlNGS, (interrupting.) The position
I took upon that matter was, distinctly, that he did
not communicate it to Congress, but to this House
alone, and left the Senate in the dark, and there-
fore he could not have been acting under the con-
stitutional provision.
Mr. BAYLY. The resolution of inquiry was
from this House alone. It was in response to
that resolution that he not only sent us the in-
formation asked for in relation to this case, but
he makes, as he ought to have done, his own sug-
gestions in regard to it—there is no intrusion upon
his part'—he makes, as was his duty in connection
with this matter—one affecting our foreign affairs— j
influences and the policy which would now per- p such suggestions as occurred to him ought to be
the destruction of the great made by him. And if he has committed any error
vert its powers, to
objects for which it was established. [See Ap-
pendix for a revised report of this speech.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I do
not mean, this morning, to go into any extended
discussion of '.he questions which the gentleman
from Ohio has raised.
The communication which was made to the
House yesterday has not yet been printed; and, sir,
even the committee to which that communication
was referred, has not had the opportunity of sat-
isfying themselves of all the facts connected with
the case. Such being the condition of affairs, it
is perfectly obvious that this discussion is prema-
ture. Still, sir, there are some remarks which
have been made by the gentleman from Ohio,
which, it occurs to me, I ought to notice at once.
He has attempted to prejudge this case. The
gentleman, I undertake to assert here, cannot be
entirely informed about the subject upon which i
he has spoken; for although I know his diligence j
on most occasions, yet I know also my own on J
occasions of this sort; and I know 1 have not.
in this respect, it is not m his having sent us a j
message, but that his recommendations are not
more specific. 1 hold, in respect to our foreign
affairs, that it is the duty of the House rather to
follow than to lead the Executive; not to follow
them blindly, but to defer to them in respect to
questions where the Constitution implies that they
should be more fully informed than we are in
giving to them the better means of obtaining in-
formation.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddijjgs] made
another point. He undertook to compare this
case with the ordinary seizure in Boston or New
York, or anywhere else, of vessels for the viola-
tion of some revenue regulation. The gentleman
treated this affair lightly. The whole distinction
between this case, and that class of cases to which
he referred is this; it is not believed—by me at any
rate,and I presume from the character of the mes-
sage of the President of the United States, that
he does not believe—thattheconduct of the Span-
ish Government, in this case was in bona fide exe-
Ub'-tio lusio vi nnoov - •-—•-••'--j;: <   . . .
with every facility at command to do it, been able q cution ot their revenue laws in Cuba, and merely
J -i   i.i_.   •• m nnninli « fraud nnon them. YV hv
to inform myself thoroughly upon the subject
under discussion. i
Mr. GIDDINGS, (interrupting.) I did not in- i
tend to prejudge the cane of the Black Warrior. I :
only stated the facts so far as 1 was informed upon j
them; and stated that we had yet heard no answer j
from Spam, and knew not what her version of the ;
matter would be. My comments were upon the |
residue of the message over and above and outside {
the case of the Black Warrior. !
Mr. BAYLY. That is one of those points ,
made by the gentleman, which, it occurs to me, I >
ought not to delay for a moment to answer. The I
gentleman says that the President has not, upon
this occasion, satisfied hnnself with merely an-
swering tne call which the House made, but has
volunteered a message. Well, sir, in this respect,
in communicating with the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, there are two classes of cases in which
the President is called upon to act. In one where
he merely communicates the information, and
sees no occasion to make recommendations of his
own; and it is a matter of discretion whether
he will content himself with that, or go further.
The Constitution of the United States express-
ly requires the President—it goes further than
to authorize him—it requires him to communicate
to Congress in respect to such public matters
as in his opinion may demand their attention.
The language of the Constitution is: <l He shall
from time to time give to the Congress informa-
tion of the state of the Union, and recommend to
their consideration such measures as heshall judge
necessary and expedient." And 1 beg leave to
in good faith to punish a fraud upon them. Why
do I not believe it? Because the records of the
committee over which I have the honor to preside
show tnat there are cases of constant occurrence
in which the most irritating and harassing viola-
tions of their own'laws, according to their own
admission in some cases, are made by the Spanish
authorities in their West India Islands upon our
marine. The case now under consideration is not |
an isolated one. It is a case of constant occur- ,
rence. We have now before that committee sev- j
eral cases of similar character. We believe, to j
use a common expression, that they are disposed j
to whip this nation, from some feeling of dislike j
or jealousy, over the backs of our unoffending j
citizens. There are cases not to be accounted for '
on any other supposition. 1
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to know of the gen- >
tleman from Virginia how he received information i
of those other cases? How came they before the |
committee of which he is chairman ? ;
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. j
Giddings] is one of the most attentive members '
of this House, and I am surprised that he does
not know that there have been several cases of
this kind referred, by express order of the House, j
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. I shall not |
undertake, on this occasion, to open the secrets of j
our prison-house; but 1 will refer the gentleman ;
i to one caa£, and say to him " ex unn disce omnes." ;
j I refer him to the case of Captain Beacher. The j
! communication m that case has already been j
: printed, and is in the gentleman's desk, or in his :
1 box, in the document room, I presume. This i
was a case in which the most unjustifiable out-
rages were committed upon our citizens—indig-
nity, insult, outrage of every sort, inflicted.
We have been seeking for redress, and Spain,
to some extent, has admitted our right to it; but
in consequence of thievery system that the Span-
ish Government has adopted, in my opinion in dis-
regard of good neighborhood, with a view, as I
believe, to harass and annoy us, this case has been
in negotiation for along lime, and we cannot get
any satisfaction for it. When we go to the au-
thorities of the West Indies we are referred to
Spain; and when we instruct our Minister m Spain
to demand redress, they say that we must refer it
back to the local authorities for assistance in the
way of information, and thus the case is indefi-
nitely delayed. The records show that there is a '
constant system of irritating annoyances practiced
by the Spanish authorities toward us; and they
avail themselves of this very circuitous and inde-
fensible mode of proceeding to avoid all responsi-
bility in fespect to these cases.
I do not mean, as I said, to go fully into this
matter, but as I know that the view which has
been presented to the House by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] may^strike others that
the present case may be regarded as an ordinary
seizure of a commercial vessel for the violation of
some revenue regulation, I desire to say that i
am entirely satisfied, from a careful investigation
; of the conduct of Spanish officials in their West
i India islands, that, in most cases, there has not
! been a bonafidt intention of executing their reve-
j nue laws in their harassment of our merchants.
; It has been merely a disposition upon their part
to embarrass our commerce. The very fact that
: such occurrences have so much more frequently
• taken place in respect to our vessels than in respect
' to the vessels of England or France, or another
I nation, shows that there is a disposition upon the
j part of the authorities of Spain so to embarrass
i and harass our commerce as to drive us, as far
as they can, from all intercourse with the Island
of Cuba, without coming out boldly and directly,
and thus assuming the responsibility of such a
purpose. Sir, it seems to me that if that is the
object they are striving to accomplish, if they
want to get rid of intercourse with us, they had
better exclude us at once, and put an end to the
treaty of amity and commerce between the two
nations.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Virginia a question, for the
purpose of drawing out a /act, which he might
have noticed before the close of his remarks.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] stated
! that the manifest of the Black Warrior was false
|—that it made a false representation of facts.
| Now, I desire to ask the gentleman from Virginia
! whether it is not true that it is customary for
; vessels touching at Havana when passing from
1 one port of the United States to another, to make
] out their manifests prec sely as the manifestof the
Black Warrior was made out, and whether this
was not a sudden enforcement of this rule without
! any notice of any such intention having been
[given?
, Mr. BAYLY. I meant to have referred to that
matter in corroboration of the remarks I made to
1 the gentleman from Ohio, that this whole discus-
sion has been utterly premature. Our inform-
\ ation upon this point is not full. But, neverthe-
less, we have pretty good information, in-
formation upon which I rely, showing that the
manifest of the Bia^k Warrior was made out pre-
cisely as those of other vessels similarly employed.
, I am told—and I do not get my information from
newspapers, but from a source upon which L rely
with much confidence, though it is not official I
' say I ha\e been told that it has been customary to
i allow to other vessels to pass without objection; and
there is no reason in the world why they should
not allow it. These vessels merely stop at Ha-
vana in passing, and rarely to discharge. They
put cotton in the hold as ballast, just exactly as
salt is put into the holds of vessels at Liverpool,
more for the purpose of ballast than freight; and
although we have a duty upon salt, yet what
: would be thought if we should seize a Spanish
i vessel ballasted with salt, which might touch at
; Charleston, with a knowledge on all hands that
she did not mean to discharge, upon the pretext
thatitwas not made manifest that her ballast was
I salt, and not stone f
