2218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4,
of the Senate to the bill for the relief of the heirs
of Captain Matthew Jack, deceased.
Also, that they had passed the following bills
of the Senate without amendment:
An act granting the ritrhtof way to the Marys-
vilieand Benicia Railroad Company, through a*id
over the grounds of the United States at Benicia,
i  California; and
An act to establish certain additional post roads.
PROPOSITION TO ADJOURN.
"Mr. PEARCE. 1 move that the-Senate do
now adjourn..
Several Senators. Till when?
Mr. PEARCE. Monday.
Several Senators. We must meet to-morrow.
Mr. PEARCE. I move that the Senate ad-
journ to meet to-morrow, at twelve o'clock."
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the use of meet-
ing to-morrow? We cannot do anything but
sign bills.
Mr. HUNTER. The enrolled bills must be
signed in open session, and some of the appro-
priation bills are yet unsigned.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I suppose the
Senate to-morrow can attend to Executive busi-
ness, and the President of the Senate can sign
enrolled hills.
Mr. PEARCE. I move that we adjourn until
twelve o'clock to-morrow.
• Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. Let us dispose
of the mail steamerappropriation bill, or we shall
lose it. I call for the yeas and nays on the mo-
tion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 15, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Cooper, Daw
son, FVssenden, Fish, Foot, Gillette, PoarcH, Rockwell,
Rusk, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, and Wade—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien. Atchison, Bmdhead, Blown,
Chine, Dodfje of Iowa, Douglas, Evan*, Houston, Hnntei,
Johnson, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Pcuit, Sumner.
Toomhs, Touccy, Walker, and Welter—19.
So the Senate lefused to adjourn.
MAIL STEAMER BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
report of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses, on the bill
making appropiiations for the transportation of
the United States mail by ocean steamer?, and
otherwise, during the fiscal year ending 30th of
June, 1855, the pending question being on the
motion of Mr. Pratt, that the Senate recede
from the amendment striking out the provision
of the bill requiring notice to be given of the dis-
continuance of the extra compensation to the Col-
lins line of steamers.
Mr. SEWARD. When I was interrupted be-
fore, I was undertaking to show the Senate that
the principle incorporated in this bill bytheHou.se
of Representatives, to which it is now propOvsed
to adhere, is m violation of contract, is unequal
and unjust. The line of argument which 1 have
marked' out for myself will make it necessary to
read a number of documents to illustrate the sub-
ject. I had commenced the reading of a letter of
Mr. Collins, the agent of this line of steamers, to
the Postmaster General, dated the 28th of Janu-
ary last. I pioceed now to state the substance
of ft.
The Postmaster General, on the 24th of De-
cember wrote to Mr. Collins, asking him to
inform the Department as to the number of ships
employed by the line to carry the United States
mails between that city and Liverpool. In that
letter he stated that 'ne desired the information for
the purpose of laying it before the Committee of
Ways and Means of the House of Representa-
tives. In answer to the call thus made by the
Postmaster General, Mr. Collins went into a his-
tory of the circumstances under winch this line
was established, and the claims which it had on
the consideration of Congress and the Federal
Government. In the first place he stated that a
law had been early passed by Congress, as will
be well recollected, authorizing the Postmaster
General to invite proposals for carrying the mails
by steamships to Europe. The Senate will recol-
lect the circumstances attending that. Great Brit-
ain having undertaken that system, and France
having1 given indications of being desirous to go
into the same line of policy, it immediately en-
' gaged the attention of the Congress of the United
, States. Others, who have been here longer than
I haveb$en,willsurelyrem*mber it. But 1 recol-
lect discussions on that subject as far back as
}846-'47. 1 especially remember that a very able
membei of Congress from the State of Georgia,
Mr. Thomas Buiier King, made an elaborate re-
port, in which he vindicated this English policy,
and recommended* us adoption to the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Mr. DAWSON. As we are all very much
fatigued, I submit to the Senator whether, as four
o'clock is so near, it would not be better to forego
discussion ?
Mi. SEWARD. I am very sure that I can
demonstrate what I set out to do. 1 cannot prom-
ise, m the present state of my health, that 1 shall
get through by four o'clock; but 1 can show, I
think, what 1 set out to show; and whether if
takes two hours or two hours and a half, I mean
to do it before I quit.
Mr. DAWSON. That I look upon at once as
a declaration that the Senator will speak on until
four o'clock, I think, then, as we are men ol
such age, and as we have been very much ex-
hausted, we might as well adjourn and let the bill
go.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let us pass a resolution
insisting on our amendment, and see whether the
Hou^e will recede from their disagreement; and
if they refuse to recede, we can adjourn.
Mr. DAWSON. We are m the power of a
single Senator, and I think we had better adjourn
now.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let us first insist on this
amendment
Mr. BRODHEAD. Perhaps some gentleman
will move a reconsideration of the vote by which
we refused to strike out the third section, and
then we can send the bill back as one simply
making the appropriations, and not legislating.
We shall soon get along with U then,
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senator from
J New York has advertised us and the Senate that
he means to speak out the time of the Senate, or
else he means to accomplish his purpose. I so
understand him, and I take it that he, as a frank
man, will admit it to beso. Now, I advertise him
that so long as I live and occupy a seat on this
floor, I will fight his Collins steameis from this
day out. You may evade it for the hour, but the
retribution will come. Here is a deliberately ex-
pressed opinion of the Congress of the United
States. You are seeking to set aside that opinion
by taking advantage of the circumstances, and
force us to do what a majority say they ought not
to do.
Mr. SEWARD. I tell the Senator from Ten-
nessee that he misstates the facts, and he misun-
derstands the position that he occupies, and the
power he can exercise.
Mr. JON ES, of Tennessee. That is a question
to be settled.
Mr. SEWARD. He says it is the deliberate
will of the Congress of the United States that I am
trying to defWu.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I say so now.
Mr. SEWAKD. The deliberate will of the
Congress of the United States consists of the will
of two bodies—the House of Representatives and
the Senate of the United States The deliberate
will of the Congress of the United States is divided.
I The House of Representatives wills that this con-
! tract shall be abiogated, 1 say unlawfully, 1 say
; unjustly The will of the Senate is, that it shall
j not be abrogated. I say the Senate is right. I
' am standing here for the Senate, for the decree that
; it has pronounced, and showing that the Senate is
; right, and showing that the House is wrong. How
I am I defeating the will of the Congiess of the Um-
| ted States? When was it unlawful, when was it
J wrong, when was it unjust, in case of a disagree-
: ment between the two Houses of Congress, two
1 hours before their adjournment, that any member
: belonging to the majority of the Senate should
stand by the opinions and decision of that major-
i ity? That is the case here.
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No, sir, that is
; not the case. The case is this: the House of
j Representatives have sent here a proposition, the
Senate disagreed to it, and you have had a com-
: mittee of conference. Now, the proposition is,
i that the Senate shall recede, and the Senator from
! New York stands up and tells us that, in his
: enfeebled condition, it will take him two hours to
j satisfy the Senate that they ought not to recede.
I I submit it to the vote of the Senate whethfer thfe*y
will recede or not. I put it to his honor, is not
his purpose to defeat this measure, by consuming
the legislative time of the Senate? Is not that
your purpose, and have you not avowed that pur-
pose when you told us that it would take two
hours to convince the Senate on a question that
has been debated for weeks and months, ay,
through a series of years? I have no unkindness
about this line of steamers; but 1 do desire that
the expressed will of the American Congress shall
not be defeated by a contest against time. If the
Senator thinks he can speak for two hours, 1 am
willing to sit here and listen to him. -But 1 repeat,
his purpose is to defeat this proposition by the
consumption of the time of the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. I have one word to say to
my excellent friend from Tennessee. I wish, be-
fore the honorable Senator interrogates me, that
he would arrive in his own mind at a true state-
ment of the case which he assumes. He says
that the House has passed this amendment, and
has sent it here, and that the Sertate, as I stated
truly, had refused to assent to the amendment,
that there had been a conference; and now the
honorable Senator states the proposition to be that
the Senate shall recede. That involves the whole
case. Is that pipposition one in behalf of the
Senate? Is it an authoritative one? No, sir.
The proposition, indeed, is made here. Who is
it made by? Is it by the committee of confer-
ence who represent the Senate, whose opinions I
am upholding, and under whose shelter and pro-
tection I stand ? No, sir; but under the authority
of an individual member dissenting from the com-
mittee of conference appointed by the Senate, and
dissenting, so far as appears, from the opinion of
a majority of the Senate, whose opinion, it is to
be presumed, remains the same until a final ques-
tion shall be taken.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Why not take
that final question?
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator asks
why not waive my rights ? That is the sum and
substance of his proposition. Because I think, if
I do not waive my rights, I shall prevent him
from committing the Senate, t^e Congress of the
United States, and the country, to a great wrong,
and to a great dishonor,- not intentionally, I
admit. I mean to prevent that, if I can, by any
power of argument or illustration which I possess.
The honorable Senator asked me whether it was
my purpose to occupy all the time from now to
four o'clock? I might reply to him, that if the
honorable Senator shall continue to appreciate the
importance of time as he has done thus far in this
debate, which he has raised between him and my-
self, I shall have a very little portion of that time
to be responsible for.
Mr. WELLER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn, because I prefer going home to lis-
tening to the Senator from New York, as he is
about to speak until four o'clock.
, Mr. BRODHEAD. - I wish to compromise.
! Mr. WELLER. The best compromise is to
! adjourn.
i Mr. SEWARD. I will not give way for the
introduction of any bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I think this matter can be
arranged in a manner beneficially to the country,
and satisfactory to this body. There is no objec-
tion to making the appropriation required by law,
and by the contracts which have been entered into
by the Government, but it is the legislation on
these bills that is objected to 
Mr. TOOMBS. My friend from Pennsylvania
is out of order. 1 wish to get at the question.
There is but one question before us, and it is on
receding from the amendment of the Senate to this
bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have the floor, by leave
of the Senator from New York.
Mr. TOOMBS. He cannot allow you to go on
out of order. *
Mr. BRODHEAD, I merely wish to suggest
that we strip this bill of legislation, and leave in it
nothing but the appropriations required bylaw.
Let us reconsider the vote on the third section
which gives power to the Postmaster General,
Attorney General, and Secretary of the Navy to
abrogate all these mail contracts.
Mr. WELLER. Upon that very proposition I
should desire to be heard,at least two hours, my-
self; and, therfefdrfe, that is no compromise. I
