1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m&i
the Post Office Department, for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1855;
An act making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice tor the year ending1 June 30, 1855;
A joint resolution making appropriations forthe
payment of those entitled to the benefit of the res-
olution of the House of Representatives of the
United Stares, passed August 3, 1854, voting extra
compensation to the page??, folders, and others; and
An act to repeal the first proviso of the fourth
section of an act entitled " An act granting bounty
land to certain officers and soldiers who have been
engaged in the military service of the United
States," approved September 2d, 1850.
Also sundry private bills.
A message was received from the Senate, by As-
bury Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, informing
the House that that body had been notified by the
President that he had approved and signed sun-
dry bills.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The Journal of yesterday
has not been read, and I would inquire of the j
Chair whether the message of the President on i
the river and harbor bill is spread upon it ?
The SPEAKER, it is a constitutional requi-
sition that the messageshall bespread upon the
Journal.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I have made this inquiry
that there might be a certainty in the matter.
The SPEAKER.. The bill and message will
both be spread upon the Journal.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I desire to make a further
inquiry of the Chair. The Constitution provides i
that on the reception of such a message the House !
shall proceed to consider it. We knowthatthere j
is now no quorum present for the transaction of |
business. The question I desire to submit is, i
whether it would be proper to enter a motion in !
the minutes to consider that message, and have
that motion lay over until the next session ? In
other words, it is very evident that the mere send-
ing in of a message vetoing a bill is not the end
of the matter. The Constitution looks to some
future action. Then is it more formal, that at the
session at which the message is received, there j
should be a motion for the purpose of considering
it? Or, if anything occur to render the considera-
tion improper, would it be better to permit it to
go over to the next session ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that_un-
der the joint resolution fixing the day of adjourn-
ment, a motion of that kind would not be in or-
der. At the time the message was received there
was a quorum present. Soon afterwards the
House found itself without a quorum. No mo-
tion was made, nor action taken on the message;
but under the provision of the Constitution in re-
gard to veto messages, the Chair thinks that the
message and the bill will go upon the Journal.
No action can be now had under the circumstances
upon the message.
Mr. PHILLIPS. As to one suggestion which
fell from the Speaker, 1 have to say that, in my j
recollection, the resolution for the adjournment
only refers to votes on propositions. Nosv, I do
not propose that any vote shall be taken in this
matter.
The SPEAKER. In the Chair's recollection, ;
the words of the resolution are, that no motion ]
shall be made after fouro'clock, p. m.., yesterday, !
except to adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 wish to say a word in
relation to the matter of fact stated by the Speaker.
My recollection differs from his. I think, at the
time the message was received, there was no
quorum present; but I agree with the Speaker,
that if there was not a quorum, no message could
be received, for the reason that there was no
House to receive it. My recollection is founded
upon this: that just prior to the announcement of
the message, the fact was shown that there was
no quorum, and there was no quorum from that
time on until the House adjourned. I may be
mistaken about this, but the record will show the
true state of the case. |
The SPEAKER. The present occupant of the !
chair was not in it at the moment the message
was received. The Chair recollects that very
soon after he came in, the House was without a
quorum; but if the message was received without
objection, it is to be presumed that there was a
quorum.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I stated that the message
was received while the yeas and nays were being
called upon some proposition then before the
House, and that, as the Journal will show, upon
that proposition no quorum voted. The call of
the r.oll was suspended until the message was
receive^.
Mr. PHILLIPS. We refused to suspend the
call.
Mr. CAMPBELL. No, sir; the roll call was
suspended until the message was received.
Mr. FLORENCE. Thegeptlemen from Ohio
is right, l he call of the roll was temporarily
suspended.
Mr. HIBBARD. I distinctly remember that
there had been no ascertainment that there wns no
quorum present until after the message had been
received.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will make a
statement of facts as given to him by the Cierk,
and he piesumes it will oein coincidence with the
recollection of gentlemen now upon the floor. It
is true that the roil was being called when the
message was received, the cull being suspended
for thiit purpose, it is also true that when the
call was through, the Chair announced that there
was no quorum present; nevertheless, it may have
been otherwise at the instant of receiving the mes- !
sage, i'hat is a fact that we know could have j
existed; and as the message was received without j
objection, the Chair-thinks it is properly before
the body, and ought to go upon the Journal under
the provision of the Constitution.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 do not exactly know what
question is before the House. I suppose the re-
ception of the message yesterday was entered :
upon the Journal of yesterday.
The SPEAKER. It was. !
Mr. MILLSON. That beme so, I do not see \
how the question can now be befote the House. ;
The SPEAKER. There is no proposition be- 1
fore the House. There is merely a suggestion. !
Mr. MILLSON. in regard to the suggestion j
of the Speakei, to the effect that, ai the end of the I
call of the roll, there appeared to be no quorum !
present, I would say, that it by no means follows |
that there was no quorum at the time the message i
was received; because it might have been, that j
gentlemen, whose names had not been called at i
the time the message was announced, desirous of ;
preventing the reception of the message, might j
have declined voting, for the purpose of showing J,
that there was no quorum afterwards. j
Mr. CAMPBELL. A forced presumption. |
Mr MILLSON. I do not believe that any j
such facts exist; but I am merely making the sug- j
gestion for the purpose of showing that if this j
message can be now considered, as not being reg- \
ularly before the House, merely because, on a call j
of the roll, there did not appear to be any quo- j
rum present, it would give, at a time when party t
feeling might run high, an opportunity to gentle- I
men to defeat the express will of the Executive, !
by abstaining from voting. But, instead of mean- [
ing to cast an imputation on any gentleman, as to ,
this having actually occurred, I take pleasure in j
saying, that I do not believe that a single gentle- :
man on the other side did abstain from voting. j
My argument was merely going to show, as a j
question of principle, that the fact that, at the close !
of the roll call, there was no quorum present, ;
would not, by any means, determine the fact that
there was no quorum present at the time the mes- i
sage was received. That could only be determined
by there being objection made, if objection were
not made to the reception of the message, it is to
be regarded as a message received by the House
—a regularly constituted House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no do«bt at
all that the message is regularly before the House,
and may be spread upon the Journal.
Mr. FLORENCE, if the House will indulge
me m referring tQ the antecedent action of the
House, I can explain the facts in a few minutes.
The gentlemen will recollect that there was a mo-
tion made to adjourn; on which motion the yeas
and nays were demanded,arid a call ordered. We
had proceeded with that call, and ascertained that
there was no quorum present.
Mr. CAMPBELL. That was a call of the
House. *
Mr FLORENCE. No, sir, it was not It
was intimated, and very well understood ali round
the House, that there was an important message
from the President soon to be sent in. in order
to retain the members preseni, a call of the House
was ordered; and the call was being proceeded
with when the message was received. These are
the facts of the case. I recollect them very dis-
tinctly. I will be borne out, I think, by every
gentleman tfho will refresh his memory. The
call was being proceeded with, with the object m
view to get in as many members as possible for
the leception of the message.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Florence] is mistaken—the
Chair 'hinks—in this, that the call of the House
followed, not preceded, the reception of the mes-
sage; and the object was to detain the House m
session.
Mr. FLORENCE. I was coming to that fact.
During the call of the House 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The Journal
will settle the point; and if gentlemen desire it, or
if there be a question of order made at all, we will
refer to the Journal, which cannot be mistaken
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to make a remark ?
Mr. FLORENCE. Most certainly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish tojnake a sugges-
tion. I^Jo not see that there can beany difficulty
m relation to this matter. It is very evident that
the message is here. It goes to the Speaker's table,
I suppose, and will be ready at the openingof the
next session of Congress when Executive docu-
ments are being presented to the House. 1 see no
necessity of any motion being made now. When-
ever that message is laid before the House, the
House wih exercise its constitutional right of
voting on the bill, and of determining whether they
wiii, by a two third vote, carry the measure inde-
pendent of the veto. There is no necessity for any
motion at all m respect to it.
Mr. FLORENCE. The Speaker was right.
The call of the House was proceeded with after
the message was received.
The SPEAKER. There is no doubt of it. Then
there is no motion before the body.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Iam only desirous of
saying, in relation to this matter, that I differ with
the President of the United States in the views which
he expresses on' thisquestion. And at the appro-
priate time 1 want to place before this House and
the country the reasons why I differ from him. It
is due to myself—it is due to him—and it is due to
us all—that I should state now that there can be
no reason why, if Congress make appropriations
for improvements on the shore of the Atlantic
and Pacific, itshould not also makeapproprxations
for improvements in the interior. If* you must
have appropriations at all, let all share alike, all
sections; if you are ready to quit all, 1 am with you. '
The policy that he pursues of vetoing appropria-
tions for interior improvements is wrong, if it
is right to provide for those improvements any
where. If we are to have appropriations for im-
provements upon the Atlantic and the Pacific,
there is no reason why we should not have them
in the interior. The Government becomes oner-
ous to us, and injust to us. It is wrong; I differ
with him upon that point.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I had noidea of discussing
any proposition connected with this veto message
now This is no time for that. But as the sub-
; ject is brought up by others,-1 rise for^he pur-
| pose of saying, that f strike hands with thegen-
j tleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] upon the
propositions he lays down. I have never been able
; yet to learn, by anything I have read or seen in
• the Constitution, why we cannot as properly take
1 the money which belongs to the people of the
! States in common, and improve, for their benefit,
! the "inland seas"—our lakes and rivers—as well
| as the sea-board. Why treat with utter neglect
! those vast arteries of national commerce in the
j interior? 1 say to the House, and to gentlemen,
that the time has come for making "the rights
I of the great interior of this nation, against the
1 combined power of the Executive, sup tamed by
| the interests of the sea-board, a test, and I shall be
found standing with him, shoulder to shoulder,
against all parties, against all influences, and
against all powers that may oppose us.
Mr. PRATT. I call the gentleman to order.
This discussion is not in order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was about to object.
The SPEAKER.^ The Chair would state that
there is no proposition before this body which is
debatable.
