1854.
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§89
interest of the Government. But being one of the
dominant party in this House justly held respon-
sible by the country for the administration of the
legislation of this House, I will not, let the conse-
quence be what it may, pursue any mere local de-
sign to the detriment of the general interest.
The question was then put on Mr. Ritchie's
amendment; and, upon a division, there were—
ayes 71; noes not counted.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE demanded tellers;
which were ordered; and Messrs. Pennington
and Bocock were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 75, noes 64.
go the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. STANTON"
amend the
of Tennessee. I move to
provision in the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky proposing an appro-
priation for the benefit of the custom-house at
Louisville, by adding five dollars to the appropri-
ation.
I offer this amendment for the purpose of giving
me an opportunity of saying that I shall vote for
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
because 1 conceive that the appropriations there
proposed are as legitimately deficiencies as any
item contained in the bill reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I can see no reason
why these items which, on former occasions,
have been considered as legitimate deficiencies in '
the general appropriation bills for carrying on the
service of the Government as any others, should
have been omitted from this bill.
Now, sir, these buildings, as I understand it,
have ali been commenced. If the sentiment be
not a universal one in this House—as it ought to
be—that when the Government of the United
States is undertaking to put up buildings of a per-
manent character, they should in all instances be
made fire-proof. And the simple question pre-
sented between the friends and enemies of these
appropriations, is whether you will make these j
custom-houses and marine hospital buildings fire- j
proof or not. j
I do not understand that any gentleman charges j
these estimates submitted- by the Secretary of the ;
Treasury as being extravagant for carrying out ]
the purposes for which they are designed. If,
then, they are not extravagant, and it is desirable ;
to make these buildings fire-proof, what objection
can there be to ingrafting this amendment upon
this bill ? I can see none.
As to the circumstances which brought about
the defeat of the deficiency bill, I understand them
to be simply these: Some of the leading friends
of the Administration, gentlemen who sustain the
political policy of Mr. Guthrie, rejected his esti-
mates. They are willing to sustain him in his
political policy, but not to rely upon the estimates
he makes m reference to the budding of custom-
houses and marine hospitals, where those buildings
have already been commenced. Well, these lead-
ing friends of the Administration not only voted
against all these amendments, but they voted
against the bill when the amendments were put in
it, and thus defeated its passage.
When our friends on the opposite side of the
House, who had voted honestly for every item in
the bill, saw that the leading friends of the Ad-
ministration were not disposed to sustain the esti-
mates of the Secretary of the Treasury, or to give
him an appropriation for deficiencies necessary to
carry on the Government to the end of the fiscal
year, they said to themselves, as I understand,
'* We are not responsible for the operations of the
present Administration; we are not bound to fur-
nish them the means of carrying on the Govern-
ment; and since their own friends refuse to furnish
them those means, we will do the same."
Now, I do not mean to say that that was right
on the part of those gentlemen. On the contrary,
I think that it was wrong, because I voted for the
amendments, and for the bill when the amend-
ments were put into it, and I think that every gen-
tleman who thought the amendments were right,
and who had no objection to any item in the bill,
ought to have voted for it under ail the circum-
stances. Nor do I think that the defeat of the
bill, under these circumstances, justifies the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in bringing in two
bills, separating items which, upon al! occasions,
have been united, and throwing out items which
were admitted on all hands to be veritable defi-
ciencies. I shall, therefore, support the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Pres-
ton,] and, as I did on a former occasion, vote
for the bill if that amendment is adopted.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Mr. Chairman,
I am opposed to this amendment to the amend-
ment, because I am opposed to the original amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Preston.J I am opposed to the original
amendment, not because 1 am opposed to these
appropriations for custom-houses and marine hos-
pitals, for I am m favor of them. I voted for them
all. 1 voted for them all because, having ihe rec-
ommendation of the Secretary, I thought that they
were entitled to my vote.
I voted for these appropriations notwithstanding
I am an absolute free trade man. I long for the ' ,
day when there will not be a custom-house left on j t
the face of the earth, and when this obstruction to ji
the free intercourse of the nations of the earth with j j
each other shall have passed away forever. But :j
so long as the tariff policy is among the policies of \ i
our nation, we must have custom-houses; and it j!
is better that Government should build them than !
rent them. If Government builds them, they will
be safe and suitable. If it rents them, they will
probably be unsafe and unsuitable.
I am opposed to em bodying these appropriations
in the deficiency bill, because, where it is practi-
cable, it is well to have every measure left to stand
on its own merits. But 1 am still more opposed
to it because I fear that the deficiency bill, if loaded
down with these appropriations, will fail.
Now, I cannot consent to an attitude which
may look at all like unreasonable or factious op-
position to the Administration. In all the views
and measures of the Administration which are
reasonable, 1 shall gladly concur. To defeat the
deficiency bill would be to embarrass the Admin-
istration, and would be to block the wheels of
Government. Moreover, it would be to dishonor
the Government and the nation, by leaving debts
unpaid which should be paid, and paid now—for
in many cases there is urgent need of their being
paid now.
When, a few weeks ago, the deficiency bill was
lost, through themutual jealousies of the Whigs and |
Democrats', I rejoiced that I stand alone upon this i
floor; that 1 am a party by myself, and in myself; |
that I am in a greatly and gloriously independent j
minority of one, and that I was therefore unaf- ]
fected by those jealousies which defeated the bill.
I hope, sir, that the deficiency bill will be passed; ;
and I hope that when it is passed, we shall pass
the appropriation bill also. When we have done
justice to the deficiency hill, we shall thereby have
conciliated the friends of that bill, who are opposed |
to the appropriation bill. They will then be better j
able and better disposed to view with candor the :
claims of these proposed appropriations, and to |
appreciate their force. :
The question was then taken on the amend- ;
ment to the amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-
man, I move the following amendment by way of
I addition: :
j And it shall not be lawful for the Secretary of the Treas
| uary, or any officer under him. charged with the constiuc-
I tiori of any of the buildings mentioned in tins act, til any ;
' maimer to enlaige or change the original plans of any ot 1
said buildings, or to chance the character of the work or
materials, so as to exceed the original estimates, without
first obtaining the consent of Congress. ;
Mr. Chairman, I desire to say a single word in !
reference to that amendment, lam satisfied that
one great reason why we are called upon every
year to make appropriations for the completion of
these custom-house and post office buildings, <fec„,
in the nature of deficiencies, is, that discretion
. is allowed to the Secretary of the Treasury to con-1
! struct them according to just such plan as he may
I adopt. No limitation is put upon his discretion
j in that respect, so that plans and estimates are
I submitted toushere,and wemakeappropriations,
under the expectation that they will complete the
structures.
The Secretary then permits some military offi- (
cers, or some incompetent superintendents, to
take charge of the construction of these build-
ings; and to please their fancy in reference to the
adornment and the enlargement of them, or any !
other purpose whatever, they recommend to the
, Secretary of the Treasury a change of the plan
i and of the character of the material of which the
i building is to be constructed, and by that means .
the expense is greatly increased. I think the
principle of my amendment is the correct one. It
ought to be in every bill which provides for the
construction of edifices—that plans and estimates
should be submitted to Congress before an appro-
priation is made, and that the Secretary of the
Treasury, or whatever other officer has charge of
the building, should not be permitted to change
those plans without first asking Congress.
I think, sir, that this is a correct principle, and
that it should be applied in every bill which pro-
vides for the construction of public buildings.
You will spend here upon this Capitol alone
§2,700,000 more than it was originally designed
to do, as the result simply of allowing certain gen- .
tlemen a discretion to change and alter plans and
specifications—to change and alter the character
of the materials. You last year appropriated
gl00,000 to bring water into this city, and, in con-
sequence of the discretion left in the hands of the
President and his officers, without limitation,you
will, on the faith of this $100,000, expend seven
orten millions. Now, in view of this feet, I think
that there ought to be put in this bill, and in all
other bills providing forthe erection of edifices for
the Government, such a provision.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. H1BBARD. Mr. Chairman, I hope that
the amendment will not be adopted. And while
I am up 1 woald refer to the objections of the
gentleman from Delaware, [Mr. Riddle.] He
seems to fancy that if these appropriations for
marine hospitals and custom-houses are kept in
the one bill it will not be practicable to get that
i bill before the House for consideration. Now I
; assure the gentleman that it was neither the ob-
I ject of the Committee of Ways and Means, in
1 reporting these bills separately, to prevent this
j bill—for the building of custom-houses and marine
i hospitals—from being considered; nor will it be
j the effect of their action m that regard if we pass-
! this bill by itself, before we take up the other.
The gentleman will see that such cannot be the
effect, if he refers to the eightieth rule, which
directs that the general appropriation bill shall be
in order in preference to any other bills of a pub-
lic nature, except it is otherwise ordered by a ma-
jority of the House.
Now, Mr. Chairman, whether there be a gen-
eral appropriation bill or not, it is competent for
the committee, which is governed by rules like
| those which govern the House, to lay aside, by
| a majority vote, other bills, and to take up the
bill providing for the custom-houses and marine
[ hospitals. The majority can do it whenever they
! go into committee, if they so please to do.
I understood the gentleman from Delaware, or
some other gentleman favorable to his side, to
ask if I should so vote. I say in reply, that I
deem myself bound, in courtesy and fairness, to
vote in committee to take it up and consider it,
with a view to action. I do not deem myself
bound, however, to vote for the appropriations
for marine hospitals and custom-houses. But the
Committee of Ways and Means, governed by
reasons which were clearly explained yesterday
; by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Breckin-
i ridge,] deemed it proper as well as expedient, in
deference to the expressed willofthe House,as they
i understood it, and in deference to the interests of
all concerned, to separate these bills in this form
■ from each other. They proposed by this means
' to have a fair and deliberate action in Committee
1 of the House on both of them.
i I had hoped that my friend from Delaware would
have seen this matter in the light in which it has
been regarded by the gentleman from Alabama
near me, [Mr. Phillips.] How stands he? He
standsasa friend of these appropriations, desiring
an appropriation for thecity ofMobile one of the
most important points involved; one of thelaigest
appropriations; and I might also add, one of the
least objectionable. In my opinion, the appro-
priation'asked for the city of Mobile is the least
I objectionable of the whole of these appropriations.
In it he [Mr. Phillips] is directly interested, as
representing that locality; and yet, on looking at
the subject from this point of view, he comes up
• here reasonably and patriotically, as it seems to
: me, and expresses his willingness, nay his pref-
! ei-ence, to vote on this bill by itself, and then to
J take up that, and these other appropriations, on
: their several merits.
! Sir, that is a reasonable and patriotic view of
