1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
Itusscll, Papp, Simmons, Skclton. Gen-it Smith, Tlmrston,
Upham, Waliey, am! Tappan Wentworth—31.
No quorum voting.
Mr. BRIDGES, f move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. HOUSTON. There are several members
* here who happened to be out when their names
were called. We can get a quorum in a few min-
utes more.
Mr. ELLISON. 1 ask the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. BRIDGES. I withdraw the motion to ad-
journ, and move that there be a call of the House.
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. 1 renew the
motion to adjourn. .
Mr. ELLtSON. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken on Mr. Ritchie's
motion, there were—yeas 32, n,iy3 81.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HAVEN. Is there a quorum present?
The SPEAKER. There is not.
Mr. HAVEN. I intended to make a motion,
if there was a quorum, to get rid of the business
before us.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
now is upon the motion made by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bridges,] that there be
a call of the House.
The question was then taken; and the motion
was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House
adjourn, and 1 hope the motion will be agreed to,
with the understanding that we adjourn till Mon-
day next. It is very evident that you cannot keep
a quorum for five minutes at a time, and it is,
therefore, of no use far us to stay here, as no
business can be transacted without, a quorum.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man from Ohio make the motion that the House
adjourn till Monday?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not. I make a mo-
tion to adjourn, with ttie understanding that we
shall not come back here to-moirow, or the next
day, without a quorum.
The SPEAKER ]iro tempore. The motion can-
not be made with any such understanding.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am aware of that; but I
hope tlmt will be the understanding.
Mr. H1LLYER. Has the House done any
business since the vote was taken upon the last
motion to adjourn ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A motion has
been made and agreed to that there be a call of
the House.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Cami'-
hf.i,l's motion; and it was agreed to.
And thereupon ^at ten minutes after two o'clock,
p. m.) the House adjourned till to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, ill.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
fkway, June 9, lhfi j.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
liy Rev. William H. Miliii'un.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPKAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Superintendent of Public
Printing, submitting estimates of deficiencies in the
public printing; which, on motion, was leferred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and or-
dered to he printed.
LEGISLATIVE ACTS CtF NEW MEXICO.
The SPKAKER also laid before the House a
communication from William S. Messerva, Secre-
tary of the Territory ofNew Mexico, transmitting,
in compliance with the requirement of the fourth
section of the organic law of that Territory, two
copies of the laws passed by the Legislative As-
sembly of the Teintory of New Mexico at its
last session, begun on the 5th day of December,
1853. and closed on the 2d day of February, 1854'.
Jtef'erml to the Committee on Territories.
DEATH OF HOIV. JOHN F. SNODGRASS.
Mr FAULKNER then rose and said: Mr.
Speaker, at the request of some of my colleagues,
and with the concurrence of ail of them, 1 rise to
discharge the melancholy office of announcing to
this House the death of Hon. John Frtatt Snop-
grass, late a Representative in Congress from the
eleventh district of Virginia. This painful and
unexpected event occurred in Parkersburg, on
Monday, the 5th day of the present months it is
said, while engaged in the trial of an important
cause in court. The deceased left this city on the
evening of the 30th of May, to pay a brief visit to
his family, and to attend some of the courts of his
district. He bade us adieu on that day, to all
human eyes, certainly to mine, in a better condi-
tion of bodily health, than he had at any time
enjoyed since he first assumed to discharge his
duties in this Hall. This wasasubject of remark
and congratulation both by himself and friends on
that day. And yet, in the brief space of one week,
we were shocked by the intelligence that he, too,
had contributed another trophy to the remorseless
triumphs of the grave.
This, Mr. Speaker, is the fifth occasion, since
the commencement of the present session of Con-
gress, that some surviving member of this body
has been called upon to perform that duty which
I have risen to discharge to my departed friend.
King, Atherton, Campbell, Muhlenberg, and
Snodgrass, have all in the brief period of a few
months passed from the fretful scenes of public,
life, leaving nothing behind them but the memory
of their virtuous deeds. The North and the South,
the East and the West, have each in their turn
been called upon to contribute a victim to the com-
mon destroyer of our race, and to mingle their
griefs at the fall of some lofty column that graced
this temple of representative freedom. Sir, we
have in all this much to admonish us of the van-
ity and emptiness of all human honors, and of
all earthly aspirations—much to bring with im-
pressive force to our minds,*" what shadows we
are, and what shadows we jjursue"—and to chasten
our thoughts for a higher, purer, and more perma-
nent inheritance in regions beyond the grave.
Mr. Snodohass was a native of the county of
Berkeley, and State of Virginia, born within two
miles of the place of my own birth and present
residence. He was one of an extensive family
residing in that portion of Virginia—a family,
whose ancestors were among the early settlers of
that picturesque and productive valley, and some
of whose descendants still occupy their ancestral
homes, engaged in the quiet and ennobling pur-
suits of agricultural life. He was born on the
2d day of March, 1804, and was thus in the fifty-
first year of his age at the period of his death.
My acquaintance with the deceased commenced
at an early period of my life—immediately after
my return from college. He had then finished his
course of preparatory study, under the guidance
and instruction of General Boyd, an eminently
successful member of the Virginia bar; and he had
commenced the practice of his profession as a law-
yer. The cheerfulness and vivacity of his temper
j at that period of his life, before disease had pre-
! maturely furrowed his cheek, and saddened the
j expression of his face, made him a general favorite
with all classes of persons; whilst the ardor and
enthusiasm with which he dedicated himself to
| the labors of his profession, aided by an anxious
| circle of influential friends, soon gave him a com-
manding position in the practice of the courts. He
pursued bis profession m his native county some
five or six: years, when, contrary to the advice and
wishes of his friends, he removed to Parkersburg,
a prosperous town in Western Virginia, situated
on the Ohio river, where he continued to reside to
the period of his death.
In his new location in Western Virginia he
! rapidly achieved for himself an honorable profes-
I sional fame. In those days, and I presume it is
jj to a great extent so now, the life of a circuit
i: court practitioner in that portion of Virginia,
|j when in full business, was one of great endurance
|j and toil. His theater of practice was necessarily
; j large, few facilities for rapid and comfortable travel
|l existed, and a large proportion of the most im-,
I; portant causes involved the complex and recon-
; dite refinements of the law of real estate, rendered
!! doubly and trebly obscure by the fluctuating and
I; inconsistent statutory enactments of our State for
i| the last seventy years. This field of practice
II reared a body of acute and subtle practitioners in
jjthe law of real actions, that might have done
credit to the Court of Common Pleas in England,
11 during the palmiest days of Hargrove or Fearne.
formidable array of intellect and
jj skill, Mr. Snodgrass determined to enter the con-
'' professional eminence and emolument.
And it is no mean praise to say that he maintained
a high and elevated position amongst "his rivals
at the bar—rising daily in the confidence and es-
teem of his fellow-men, and realizing, by his
arduous and unwearied labors, a fortune sufficient
to relieve his widow and infant children from all
dependance upon the cold and unfeeling charities
of this world. ^ *
Mr. Snodgrass Had no fondness for the noisy
and exciting scenes of political life. His nature
instinctively recoiled from its bitter and senseless
animosities, and Jie looked with horror upon its
treacherous and deceptive quicksands. Eminently
domestic in all his tastes, he found his greatest
solace in the society of his own family circle, and
in those holy cares of home education and in-
struction by which a parent best fulfills the obli-
gations imposed by nature and by God. The law
was his favorite field of usefulness and employ-
ment. With all its numerous and refined distinc-
tions he had become familiar. In its unimpas-
sioned contests it was his delight to mingle. To
excellence in that department he had disciplined
all his faculties; had fashioned all his habits of
thought, and concentrated all the energies of his
mind. There he felt himself at home, and there he
found a premature grave. And yet, sir, notwith-
standing his strong aversion to public life, occa-
sions did occur, in which, from the confidence re-
posed in the soundness of his judgment and in the
! inflexibility of his principles,'and in consequence
1 of the strong appeals addressed to his sense of
duty as a citizen, he was constrained to abandon,
for a time, his favorite pursuit, and accept of ser-
vice upon a higher theater of action.
The first of these occasions to which I allude,
was the convention which assembled in Richmond
in the fall of 1850, to frame a new constitution of
government for the people ofVirginia. The public
mind of that State had long brooded in sullen dis-
content over the evils incident to the then existing
government, and nothing short of a radical and
fundamental change in its whole structure, could
satisfy the progressive aspirations of a people who
felt that their energies were held in subjection by
artificial restraints, inconsistent with the true
principles of republican freedom and equality. It
was well known that great questions—embracing
all the organic principles of popular government,
with all the necessary safeguards for the protec-
tion of property—involving a sectional transfer of
political power from the east to the west—would
engage the deliberations of that body, and find a
solution in its action. Mr. Snodgrass was a
member of that convention. I also had the honor
of a seat m that body, and I will not revive by
any review of its proceedings, those exciting and
absorbing topics, which at "that time so fearfully
agitated the popular heart of that Commonwealth.
Its result was one of the proudest triumphs of the
principles of popular government which the records
of history can attest. A revolution, as decided in
its results as any of those which for the last cen-
£ury have deluged the monarchies of Europe with
blood, passed off'under the influence of the ac-
knowledged principles of popular supremacy as
quietly and tranquilly as the most ordinary county
election. Mr. Snodgrass was not distinguished
as a speaker in that convention. I have no recol-
lection of his appearance upon the floor, except
upon one occasion, and then he was drawn from
his habitual silence by some local distribution of
representative power which he believed did injus-
tice to his district. I well remember his effort on
that occasion. It was earnest, emphatic, and
forcible, and was followed at the time by the over-
whelming triumph of his views. But, althougn
not distinguished as a speaker, the soundness of
his judgment and the unshaken fidelity of his
course to those cherished principles of representa-
tive government in which his section of the State
took so deep an interest, gave value to his coun
sels, and caused them to be eagerly sought after
by those associated with him in action; and hie
friends may proudly point to the record of his votes
in that body as evidence of the just discrimina-
tion, the clear-sighted sagacity, and of the inflex-
ible adherence to principle which marked his opin-
ions and sonduct during all the trying scenes of
of that protracted and exciting struggle.
In May, 1853, Mr. Snodgrass was elected a
Representative in Congress from the eleventh
district of Virginia. He reached this city at the
opening of Congress in feeble health, which caused
