1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1065
him to be much absent from our deliberations;
and it was only a few daya ago, before he left thij
city for Virginia, that he seemed to realize the pros-
pect of a speedy restoration to hia usual state of
health.
As a member of this body, his course is famil-
iar to all who hear me. No onecould fail to have
been favorably impressed by his modest and un-
obtrusive deportment, by his courteous and gen-
tlemanly bearing, and by the uniform kindness of
his manner. If he has added nothing to the fame
of Virginia by intellectual exhibitions upon this
floor, he has detracted nothing from her pure and
lofty escutcheon by his conduct in this Hall, or
elsewhere. If not a conspicuous, he has, so far
as his health permitted, been a useful and atten-
tive member; and if Virginia holds within her
limits, sons of higher eloquence and genius, she
can point to none more true and loyal to all of her
cherished principles than him whose loss from her
public service we this day deplore.
Mr. Snodgrass was not a brilliant man. His
friends would scorn to dishonor the memory of
one go distinguished for truth, by undeserved
praise after his death, such as would not have
been held to have been just, if pronounced while
alive. But although not a brilliant man, he was
eminently a good man; he was an honest man,
scrupulous in the discharge of all of his public
and private obligations, charitable and benevo-
lent in his feeling, firm in his friendships, and faith-
ful to all his associations. And, sir, when the
places which know each and all of us now, shall
know us no more, forever, on this earth , it will be
a source of proud consolation to our children and
friends, if we shall leave a record as free from
blemish and reproach, as that which will univer-
sally be accorded to the late Representative of the
eleventh district of Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the House has heard with deep regret the
announcement of the death ot" the Hon. Joiin Frvatt
Snodgrass, late a member of the present Congress, and
from a sincere desire of showing every mark of respect duo
to his memory, will wear ciape on the left arm ior thirty
days.
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be directed to
communicate a copy of these proceedings to the family of
the deceased; and that as a further mark of respect thiss
House do now adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER said: The cordial intimacy
and sincere friendship and confidence which has
existed between my lamented colleague and my-
self, will prove a sufficient excuse, if indeed any
be necessary, for adding a few remarks to the elo-
quent, appropriate, and deserved tribute which has
just been paid to his character and his virtues.
Our acquaintance commenced m the year 1850,
when we met in Richmond to enter upon the dis-
charge of the important public duties which had
been assigned to us, as members of the Virginia
Reform Convention. In that body as in this we
sat side by side; there as here we formed part of
the same mess, and the acquaintance then formed
soon ripened into an intimacy and cordial friend-
ship that has strengthened with each successive
year. ♦
The sad news of the death of our colleague
came upon us all most unexpectedly. Though
he had been in ill-health for some time past, yet
he had recently improved so rapidly that we cher-
ished the agreeable hope that he would soon be
restored, and that his friends, and family, and
country, would enjoy the benefit of his sound
judgment and practical wisdom for years to come.
When he left this city, on the 30th of May, I
know he fondly anticipated a speedy restoration
to health, and an early return to his public duties
with renewed vigor. When we Mrted, it occurred
to neither of us that it was a final separation in
this world. There was a buoyancy of spirits, and
a gaiety and sprightliness in his manner and con-
versation, that! had rarely seen him exhibit be-
fore in our intercourse. Little did I then think
that these indications were the bright flashes of a
light so soon to be extinguished in death. But
alas ! such they were!
He was a man of great purity of character and
singleness of purpose. There was nothing of
that selfishness and cold calculation about him
which is often, too often, visible in the conduct of
the public men of our day and generation. Prin-
ciple was the chart which regulated and governed
his conduct and controlled his action. No man,
either in his public or private action, was less in-
fluenced by what the cold, selfish, and calculating
world has been pleased to designate as expe-
diency or policy.
Among all my friends there was not one who
possessed nobler traits of character. He was a
man of generous and manly impulses—the sternest
integrity,personal, professional, and political, fit
his friendships he was ardent, faithful, and sin-
cere. In all the relations of life, as citizen, hus-
band, parent, he was a true man, scrupulously
exact in the discharge of the obligations due to his
country, and the duties due to family, friends, and
neighbors. He enjoyed in a most remarkable
degree, the confidence, respect, and esteem of all
who knew him, and particularly of that commu-
nity in which he lived; as is strikingly illustrated
in hia professional and political success. He has
never, I believe, been a candidate for office with-
out being successful.
I feel that 1 have lost a devoted friend, whose
confidence I enjoyed, and whose sound judgment
and practical advice has often been of the greatest
service to me in times of trial and embarrassment.
No one can regret his death more sincerely than
I do, and no one outside of his immediate family
circle will feel his loss more sensibly. But he is
gone, and we must bow in humble submission to
that Providence which disposes all things wisely
and well.
This sudden and unexpected death of one so
universally esteemed, should admonish us of the
uncertainty of life, and should lead our minds to
solemn reflections. |
" Passing away," is written in strong and legible ;
characters upon the world, and all the world con- i
tains. Look around you, and wheresoever the eye |
rests, those startling words attract the vision, .
and admonish man that his days are few. We
see generation follow generation in the sad and !
solemn march to the tomb. How qrfickly, how I
unexpectedly, the spell is dissolved, that binds us i
to those we love, respect, and admire for their
virtues, their intelligence, their patriotism. The
beauties of the year fade, and its bounties perish.
The loveliest scenes of nature lose their power to
charm and to delight. The religions of one age
pass away, and are succeeded by others entirely
different m character, in form, and in belief. The
human governments of one day are exploded by :
others in rapid succession: I
" Liko bubbles on tho sea of matter borne, !
They rise, they break, and to that sea return.1' !
We feel, therefore, that those solemn words, !
"passing awayare stamped with fearful distinct- j
neas upon everything around us, and upon all of !
us. Each day impresses upon our minds the ,
stern reality, that there is but a step between us ;
and the grave, yet we live, we move, we act as if ;
the services m which we are now so busily en- j
gaged were never to have an end. We stand upon ,
the grave of our fellow, and yet we seem nor to ;
realize the great trutj^ that we too must, in a j
brief space, slumber beneath the same sod? '
Let us then strive to profit by the lesson which I
the sad, sudden, and solemn death of our col- 1
league teaches. Let it admonish us,
"Thatman's uncertain Jifu
Is like the rain diop, hanging on the hough
Amongst ten thousand of it^parkiing kindred.
Thy remnant of some passing thunder shower,
That have their moments one by one to fall;
And which shall soonest lose it* perilous hold,
We cannot guass." ;
The question was then taken; nnd the resolu-
tions were unanimously agreed to.
And thereupon (at half past twelve o'clock) the
House adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 30, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 1
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was here received fro"m the Senate, 1
at the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Sec-
retary, informing the House that the Senate had
passed a bill of the House for the relief of Thomas
Frazer. *
Mr. MlLLSON. As there is probably not a
quorum present, and as a vote on laying on the
table the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio ;
[Mr. Gidpikgs] might disclose that fact, and com-'
pel a precipitate adjournment, with a view to save
a day for the public business, now pressing, I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself llito the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, &nd the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bocock
in the chair.) *
The CHAIRMAN- When the committee last
rose they }Md under consideration the Pacific rail-
road bill, upon which the gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Singleton] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SINGLETON. I did not expect to ad-
dress the committee to-day, and if there is any
other gentleman who would like to do so, I will
yield the floor with the understanding (hat I shall
occupy it on Monday next.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Mississippi abandon the right to the floor?
Mr. CHASTAIN. With the consent tif ihe
gentleman from Mississippi, I would like to occupy
a few minutes of the time of the committee.
Mr. SINGLETON. I have not troubled ihfi
House at all during this session, and I would be
very much gratified if the committee would allow
me to sneak on Monday next..
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in the power of
the Chair to say that, under any circumstances,
the gentleman from Mississippi shall be entitled
to the floor on Monday, for some other gentleman
may occupy the chair. The gentleman from
Mississippi, if he yields the floor, must take his
chance with other gentlemen.
Mr. SINGLETON. I yield the floor, then, to
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Chastain.]
Mr. CHASTAIN. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
make a few remarks on a subject which, in my
opinion, is second, in political and commeicial im-
portance, to none before the country. The recent
seizure of the Black Warrior by the Spanish
authorities at Havana, tho many insults and
wrongs imposed upon our merchants and shipping
at that port for a series of years, together with
the disposition manifested by ccrtain foreign Pow-
ers to interfere in ail that concerns our intercourse
with, or policy in regard to Cuba, combine to
make it essentially necessary that prompt and de-
termined action should mark our diplomacy with
Spain, m relation to the future possession of that
island; in other words, and m plainer language, Mr.
Chairman, whether Cuba is to remain the prop-
erty of Spain, or whether, by fair and honorable *
means, it shall lfe transferred to the United States!
If to len^ain the property of Spain, the time has
arrived, sir, when our intercourse with that island
should be regulated by treaty, guarantying to this
Government privileges, in a commercial sense, the
most liberal conceded by one Government to
another; a protection of the rights of slaveholders
there, (such as Spain, 1 fear, will never grant;}
and providing for prompt indemnity, without a
resoit to the bpanish Court, whenever undue ex-
actions, or wrongs, are inflicted upon either our
shipping, or our citizens. And if, s r, the contrary
is to )■" the policy of our diplomacy in relation to
Cub.*--that is, if the " stars and su-jj es,J are to
wave where now the Spanish fla^ indicates whose
property it is—then let it be upon a scale marked,
not only by strict regard for uational and personal
rights, but let it be characterized by a liberality
which shall show to the world, that while com-
mercial.and political necessity forces upon our
Government the possession of another's property,
the necessities or weakness of that other shall
prove her protection against injustice.
Of the two policies thus indicated, sir, I am de-
cidedly for tho latter. The time has err'ved, Mr.
Chairman, when the gre-it interests of the coun-
try demand that Cuba shall change handfl. This
is demanded as well by social as by commercial,
agricultural, and political interests. Notwith-
standing these, sir, 1 am aware that the proposi-
tion will be dic?ented from and opposed i>> certain
quarters, with a zeal and spirit displayed often upon
this floor in days long past, as well as on a inure
recent occasion. But what of this, sir r Opposi-
tion was made to the acquisition of Louisiana;
opposition was made to the acquisition of Florida;
opposition was mode to the annexation of Texas,
to the war with Mexico, the indirect or direct con-
sequence thereof; and to the acquirement of Cali-
fornia and New Mexico.
