2224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 7, 1854.
Mr FLORENCE. I wish to make a personal
explanation.
The SPEAKER. A personal explanation is
out of order.,
Mr. FLORENCE. I suppose it can be made
by unanimous consent.
'The SPEAKER. It can.
Mr. PRATT. I object.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope the House will
allow me to write out a single remark 1 wish to
make, as it is important to the country, and 
[Cries of <( Order !" (i Order !1']
Mr. FLORENCE. I beg the gentleman from
Connecticut will withdraw his objection, as my
explanation will not occupy two minutes.
Mr. PRATT. I cannot
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 think it will be better for
you and your constituents.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent
of the House that the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia make a personal explanation.
Mr. PRATT. No. *
The SPEAKER. How many minutes may he
speak ?
[A Voice. None at all.]
Mr. CURTIS. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
'Mr. FLORENCE. Well, sir, I suppose I may
have the privilege of printing my remarks. I de-
sire 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must re-
member that when the gentleman is called to or-
der by a dozen gentlemen all around the Hall, it
is the duty of the Chair to enforce the rule.
Mr. FLORENCE. I certainly have great re-
spect for the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
very well; but the gentleman seemed to be inat-
tentive to the objections which were made to his
proceeding.
The question was then put; and Mr. Curtis's
motion was<«agreed to; and
Thereupon (at half past one o'clock) the House
adjourned until Monday at half-past seven o'clock,
a. m..
IN SENATE.
Monday, *3ttgu<it 7, 1854.
The Senafe met at eight o'clock, a. m.
Prayer Gy Rev. Henry Slicer.
On motion by Mr. MORTON, the reading of
the Journal of Saturday was dispensed with.
THANKS TO PRESIDENT OF THE SENATE.
Mr MORTON, (Mr. Bright temporarily oc-
cupying the rhair ) Mr. President, I beg leave
to submit a resolution for the consideration of the
Senate, which I know will not be ruled out of j
orderunder the joint resolution of the two Houses. I
it is a resolution which will meet with a cordial 1
resp6nse from every voice here present; and even
if we had a full Senate, I confidently believe there
would no£;be a single dissent to its adoption. The
resolution is:
Resolved, That the unanimous thank** of the Senate be,
and tiie same aie hereby, tendered to the Hon. David It.
Atchison for trie very able, dignified, and impartial man-
ner in which h.) ha^ presided over the deliberations of the
Senate during thi* present session now about to terminate.
The resolution was unanimously adopted.
Mr. ATCHISON, having resumed the chsir,
said: Senators, before we adjourn, I wish to re-
turn my thanks for the compliment contained in
the resolution just adopted; and I desire you to
take for granted that everything which ought to
be said upon the occasion is said. And now, in
pursuance of the resolution adopted by the two
Houses of Congress, I declare the Senate ad-
journed sine die.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, August 7, 1854.
The House met at half past seven o'clock, a. m.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
At' eight o'clock the SPEAKER called the
House to order, and said: In obedience to the
joint resolution of the two Houses of Congress,
this House stands adjourned sine die.
Thus ended the first session of the Thirty-Third
Congress.
E R 11A T A.
Pace 739, column 3, line 6 from the top of the column—for
"protected" read" prejudiced."
Page 7*10, column 1, line 12 ftom the bottom—for " discon-
tinue" read " discountenance."
Page 740, column 3, 7th hno of Mr. Houston's remark?—
for" unto" read " into."
Page 742, column 1, 14th line from the bottom—for
maininn" read " removing."
Page 743, column 2, 7th line from the bottom—for " ti
read " three."
Page 743, column 3, 7th line from the lop—for " the"
'' our."
Page 848, column 2, lflth line from the top—for " Clncka-
sa\vt>" read " Cherokee*."
Page 2067, column 3, 1st and 2d line—dele "the amount
appropriated."
Page 20 w, column 3, 3d paragraph, 7th line—for " the
Treasury" read " War."
