LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES.
PUBLIC ACTS OF THE THIRTY-THIRD CONGRESS
OP THE
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the FirstSession,, which was begun and held in the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on Monday,
the 5th day of December, 1853, and ended on Monday, the 1th day of August, 1854.
Franklin Pierce, President; David R. Atchison, President of the Senate pro tempore; Linn Boyd, Speaker of the
House of Representatives.
Public, I.—An Act concerning the District Courts of
ike United States in California.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there shall be appointed by the
President of the United States, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, a district
judge for the southern judicial district heretofore
established in the State of California; and that
the sessions of the district court at San Jose,
Stockton, and Sacramento are hereby abolished.
And in case of the sickness or other inability of
the district judge for the southern district of Cali-
fornia to hold the terms of the district court at the
places prescribed by law, or either of them, it
shall be lawful for the district judge of the north-
ern district of California to hold the said sessions
of the district court for the southern district, or
any of them. And in case the district judge for
the northern judicial district of California shall,
from sickness or other cause, be unable to hold
the sessions of the district court for the northern
district of California at the times and places ap-
pointed by law, or either of them, it shall and
may be lawful for the district judge for the south-
ern district of California to hold said sessions of
the district court for the northern district of Cali-
fornia, or any or either of them.
LINN BOYD,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
D. R. ATCHISON,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Approved, January 18, 1854.
FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Public, II.—An Act to continue in force the act en-
titled " An act to ascertain and settle the Private
Land Claims in the State of California," and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That an act entitled " An act to ascer-
tain and settle the private land claims in the
State of California," passed March third, eighteen
hundred and fifty-one, be, and the same is hereby,
continued in force for one year from and after the
third day of March, A. D. eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, for the purpose of enabling the board of
commissioners appointed under said act to de-
termine the claims presented to said board under
the act aforesaid.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the said :
board of commissioners may appoint one or more, 1
140
not exceeding three, competent persons lo act as , Public, Y.—An Act to constitute Guinea, in the
■commissioners in the taking of testimony to be State of Illinois, a Port of Delivery. *
used before said board, who shall receive a com- I r?* g* l.. ,l. « _ . , rr - t 
pensation to be fixed by said board, but not to ! I t fa °fRePre-
exceed ten dollars per diem. I sentat™es. States of America in Congress
Approved Januarv IS 1S<U i a^e"Med> That Q,umcy, in the State of Illinois,
' y ' ' j shall be, and is hereby, constituted a port of de-
. 1 livery, and shall be subject to the same regulations
Public, III—An Act to provide a place for the hold- j and restrictions as other ports of delivery in the
ing of the Courts of the United Statesinthe South- \ United States; and there shall be appointed a sur-
ern District of JVc w York, and for other purposes. \ veyor of customs, to reside at said port, who shall,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- j! ,n addition to his own duties, perform the duties
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress i' an^ receive .'he salary and emoluments of sur-
assembled, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary i! veyor prescribed by the act of Congress, approved
of the Interior to provide by lease, from year to jl on. t'le Eecorit' March, eighteen hundred and
year, or for a term of years, at his discretion, j! thirty-one, providing for the payment of duties on
rooms in the city of New York for holding the ij 'mPorte(I goods at certain ports therein mentioned,
courts of the United States for the southern dis- l| entitle<! " An act allowing the duties on foreign
trict of New York, and for the accommodation of \' merchandise imported into Pittsburg, Wheeling,
the judges of the said courts, and of the district! r   T T —— *
attorney and marshal of the United States for the !
southern district of New York, and for the clerks j
of the circuit and district courts of said district. j
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all orders, j
venires, writs, process, and recognizances in the j
circuit or district court of the United States for the '
Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis, Nashville, and
Natchez, to be secured and paid at those places,"
and the said city of Q,uiney and the said port of
delivery be, and is hereby, annexed to and made
a part of the collection district of New Orleans;
and all the facilities and privileges afforded by said
          ^ act of Congress of the second of March, eighteen
southern district of New York may be dated, j! hundred and thirty-one, be, and hereby are, ex-
tended to the said port of Q,umcy.
Approved, February 2, 1854.
tested, and made returnable at the United States
court room, in the city of New York, and whether jj
made returnable at the United States court room, j
or at the City Hall of the city of New York, shall i
be in fact returnable at, and shall be returned to,
the court room in the city of New York where, ;i
at the time of such return, the court shall be jj
actually held; and that the said circuit and district ;j
courts for the southern district of New York shall
be held, and trials in actions therein had, at the lj . _
court rooms that may, from time to time, be pro- I1 services in the late war with Great Britain, and
vided for that purpose. ;: for other purposes," approved July twenty-seven,
Approved', February 2, 1854. ;< eighteen hundred and forty-two, and also the two
1 acts approved July twenty-seventh, eighteen hun-
Public, VF.—.hi Act giving further time fpr sat-
isfying Claims for Bounty Lands, end for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Americain Congress
assembled, That the act entitled " An act to provide
for satisfying claims for bounty lands for military
 :  /-i t r  *.
th? LhLft fnlht dent f Ike Coast Suiyey ana continued in force for five years, to be computed
IIrtT s "Mce 0j from the twenty-sixth day of June, one thousand
;J eight hundred and fifly-three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- !j Approved, February 8, 1854.
sentatives of the United Stales of Amenca in Congress lj  
assembled, That the Superintendent of the Coast jj Public, VII.—An Act to regulate the Disbursement
Survey and the assistant in charge of the office of
theCoastSurvey shall be authorized to receive and
transmit, free of postage, by the mails, all letters
and documents in relation to their public duties.
Approved, February 2, 1854.
of the Contingent Fund of the Senate, and for ether
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the moneys which have been, or
