1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1367
main, for wheat, corn, and stock. All these in-
terests would be ati'eeied by such a calamity; and
years and years would pass ere the country, if it
ever did, would recover from the shock such an
outrage would produce.
Political considerations, Mr. Chairman, also
demand prompt action on the part of our Govern-
ment to secure the possession of Cuba. It is
idle, sir, to waste words in connection with this
branch of the subject. American policy must
prevail on this side of the Atlantic. Spam must
yield Cuba to the United States, and England
and France must acquiesce. Such concession
cannot but be for the benefit of the commerce of the
world; and who will reap, of all Europe, greater
advantages from it than these two Powers? If
cupidity tempt them, however, to induce Spain
to barter her rights to them, let them take the
consequences! And should Spain be weak enough
to refuse liberal compensation for Cuba, she
also must take the consequences ! It is necessity
that demands the sacrifice on her part, and that
sacrifice will redound to the benefit of the whole
human family.
With these views, Mr. Chairman, I ardently
hope that those to whom are intrusted our diplo-
macy with Spain, will direct their attention at
once,and withoutdelay,tothe acquisition ofCuba.
That there shall be no dallying, but a frank and
open diplomacy; calling upon Spam to name her
terms, and if within the bounds of anything like
reason, to accept them. If not, to make her the
most liberal pi oposition; and if that be refused, and
nothing else will do, as a matter of self-preserva-
tion, 1 go foran undisguised,open war, for taking
Cuba by force of arms '
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I do not desire to ad-
dress the House to-day, and 1 therefore move
that the committee rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Then am I forced to
go on ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
be forced to .speak unless he-chooses to speak.
It is not in the power of the House to force him
to speak. [Laughter.]
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I did not expect to be
called upon to speak to-day, and as I intend to
speak from notes, I shall be under the necessity
of relinquishing: the floor. I ask the privilegflWf
doing thaf, if it is according to custom.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has cer-
tainly a right to relinquish the floor, but he will
resume his position on the floor with other mem-
bers, and must take his chance with others to get
the floor again.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Well, I should like
very much to speak on this question early next
week.
The CHAIRMAN. Unless some gentleman
desires to address the committee, the Clerk will
proceed to read the bill by sections.
Mr. LETCHER. To save time, I move to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. It is very
evident that if this motion is pressed to a vote, it
will break up the committee. As soon as there is
a division the fact will be ascertained that there
is no quorum present; and it will be necessary
that we adjourn or proceed only with our business
by unanimous consent.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee move that the committee rise?
Mr. STANTON. I make that motion.
Mr. CARUTHERS, I hope the gentleman
from Tennessee will withdraw that motion for a
moment.
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw the motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now recurs
upon the motion made by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] to strikeout the enact-
ing clause of the bill.
The question was then taken; and the motion
was disagreed to.
Mr. CARUTHERS. I have no desire to detain
the committee at this time by making any ex-
tended remarks. I had desired upon some fit
occasion to address the House upon the subject of
donating public lands for the construction of rail-
roads, and more particularly to the subject of a
donation of public lands to the Iron Mountain
Railroad Company, m which I feel a particular
interest. I shall not detain the ♦ommittee now
by discussing those questions. I would, if the
committee had been in a proper humor, have en-
deavored to show that these grants of land are
proper in themselves, and that it is peculiarly
proper to makea grant of land to the Iron Mount-
ain railroad, which runs through my district. I
should have addressed the committee upon the
subject of public lands generally, and endeavored
to convince them that the public lands should be
ceded to the States m which they he, but I pre-
fer writing out the remarks which I would have
made upon that subject, and now ask the consent
of th%committee to do so.
The CHAIRMAN. There being no objection,
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Caruthbrs]
hiis the assent of the committee to publish his
remarks. The question now recurs upon the mo-
tion made by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Yates,] to strike out the word " fifteen " m the
first secuon of the bill, and insert the word " six-
teen."
Mr. LATHAM. I believe the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] made a motion that the
comnnttee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] made that motion,but
he subsequently withdrew it.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The question was taken; and a division being
had, there were—ayes 61; noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly House bill No. 21)5,
being a hill to authorize the construction of the
Pacific railroad, but had come to no conclusion
thereon.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask the permissionof
the House to enable me to present a report or two
from the Committee on Indian Aliairs, with a view
that they may be appropriately refened.
The SPEAKER.. * If there be no objection, the
reports will be received.
Mr. COBB. I have had considerable complaint
urged against me for the course I pursued the
other day in objecting to reports being received
from the various committees, with a view to their
appioprinte reference. I desire to ask pardon of
the House for making an objection then; and I
now make the motion that the House to-day con-
sume an hour or two in receiving reports from
committees, r.nd giving them their appropriate
direction. I propose that the committees shall be
called on now for reports, and that such bills as
do not give rise to debate shall be read a first and
second time and referred.
Mr. HAMILTON. Asthecommitteeofwhich !
I am chairman—the Committee for the Distuct of
Columbia—is one of the first to be called, and as
I have several bills to report which 1 propose to 1
have put upon their passage, I must object.
Mr. COBB. Oh, withdraw your objection, and
let us go on with business.
Mr. HAMILTON. Weil, I desire to know
whether, if the committees be called to-day so far
as we go, we will, when we resume the calling of i
the committees on Monday, commence where we :
commenced to-day '
Mr. COBB. No, unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. HAMILTON. I do not speak of unani-
mous consent. If the course [ suggest he not
followed,! must object to railing the committees to-
day, for I have some bills from my committee
which I desire to have read and put upon their
passage. •
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent ,
of the House, that in addition to the proposition !
made by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. ;
Conn,] the Speaker will, on resuming the call of '
committees, commence where wc now do. J
Mr. COBB. There can be no objection to that.
No objection was made.
The SPEAKER. Then reports are in order
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. UPHAM. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to pre-
sent to the House a joint resolution for the relief
of John B. Colmoniel, for compensation for carry-
ing the United States mail from New Orleans to
Louisville, in 1833. Thecommitteehave reported
ajoint resolution for his relief, which, together
with the report accompanying it, I move may be
laid on the table, and ^ideied to be printed. -
The joint resolution was read a first and secsnd
time by its title, as follows:
Joint resolution for the adjustment of the ac-
counts of John B. Colmomel.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Upham] desire that the reso-
lution be laid on the table, or that it be referred ?
Mr. UPHAM. My desire was, that the report
from the committee, together with the joint reso-
lution, should be printed and brought to the
knowledge of the House, and that, with the con-
sent of the House, it might be put upon its pas-
sage, as it is a joint resolution for the adjustment
of accounts by the proper officer. I will, how-
ever, adopt the course which may be considered
most proper and suitable. I therefore move that
the joint resolution and report be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. OLDS. I am very anxious to report back
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads a bill which passed this House, and which
has been returned from the Senate with an amend-
ment. I presume there will be no objection to it;
and if the House will listen, they will probably
concur in the amendment of the Senate. If there
be any objection made, however, I will not at-
tempt to repoit it now.
Mr. ORR. I think it better not to have it re-
ported now. I object.
Objection being made, the bill was not reported.
Mr. DAVSS, of Indiana, from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, made an adverse re-
port upon the memorial of Professor J. C. 1^. Sal-
omon, asking a charter for a company to supply
the citizens of Wasl^gton and Georgetown with
a supply of pure aim wholesome water; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS also, from the same committee,
reported the following bill; which was read a first
and second time by its title?referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole oir the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed:
A bill to amend an act entitled " An act to es-
tablish an auxiliary watch for the protection of
public and private property in the city of Wash-
ington,5'approved August 23, 1842.
Mr. HAMILTON, from the same committee,
reported the following bills; which were read a
first and second time by their respective titles, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed:
A bill granting certain additional powers to the
corporation of Washington; and
A bill for the relief of William G. Howison.
Mr. HAMILTON also, from the same com-
mittee, made an adverse report upon the petition
of one hundred and sixty-nine citizens of Niagara
county, New York, for an act to remunerate Sol-
omon Northrup for his services as a slave, and to
punish kidnapping; also, to allow all persons, irre-
spective of race oi color, to testify as witnesses in
the courts of the United States; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAY1S, of Indiana, from the same com-
mittee, reported the followingbill; which was read
a fir.st and second time by its title, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and oidered to be printed:
A lull authorizing the Washington Gaslight
Company to increase the capital stock of said com-
pany.
Mr.SEYMOUR. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report a bill more
effectually to provide for the punishment of ciimes
against the United States.
The attention of the House was called to this
subject by the message of the President of the
United States at the commencement of this session,
and, more recently, by a special communication
from the same source. The bill relates to crimes
against the Government, and, more especially, to
frauds against the Pension Office. My object, at
this time, is to report the bill, in order that
maybe printed, and recommitted to thecommittee.
I do not know whether sucli a proposition cornea
within the purport of the arrangement which has
been made in reference to making reports.
