1868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
No objection being made, the bill was rend a
first and second time by its title, as follows:
An act more effectually to .provide for the pun-
ishment of certain crimes against the United
States,
It was then ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported back Sen-
ate bill (No. 147) " for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of the late Thomas Chapman, formerly
collector of the port of Georgetown, South Caro-
lina," with a recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. PARKER, from the same committee,
made an adverse report upon the petition of J oshua
Shaw and others, citizpns of the State of Ohio,
praying for a change in the present system of sur-
veying the public lands; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CUTTING, from the same committee,
reported back sundry petitions from various parts
of the Union, praying for a law more perfectly to
prohibit the slave trade in the District of Colunv
bia; also, sundry petitions from various paits of
the Union for the repeal of the fugitive slave law;
which were laid upon the table, and the committee
discharged from the further consideration thereof.
Air. CUTTING. Do 1 understand the order of
the House under which we are acting to extend
only to the reporting of those bills which are to
be referred without explanation ?
The SPEAKER. That is the order of the
House.
Mr. CUTTING. 1 have a report upon ti very
important subject, which I would like to bring
before the House. A Senate bill, authorizing the
temporary lease of a building for a court-house in
Boston, was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. That committee have instructed me
to report the bill back, witlftn amendment in the
nature of a substitute, authorizing the President
of the United States to purchase permanent sites
in the cities of Boston, New York, and Philadel-
phia, and to erect buildings thereon for court-
houses and post offices. It is an important subject,
and 1 am anxious to bring it before the House at
the earliest moment.
Mr. HAMILTON. That will involve discus-
tion. 1 think it had better be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CUTTING. It is a bill which ocght not
to be referred. If its consideration be objected to,
I think it had better be laid upon the table, where
it may be called up at any time.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 object to that.
Mr. CUTTING. Then I will withdraw the
report.
Mr. ORR. I would suggest to the gentleman
from New York, that he had perhaps better take
the same course adopted"a moment ago by the
gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr Sevmour,] and
nave his bill printed and recommitted to his com-
mittee.
Mr. CUTTING. I will take that course. I
move that the Senate bill, as amended by the
Committee on the Judiciary, be printed, and that
the bill and amendment be recommitted to that
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania, from the
same committee, reported back sundry petitions
of citizens of western Pennsylvania, praying for
the establishment of a United States district court
at Erie, in the State of Pennsylvania; which were
ordered to lie upon the table, and the committee
discharged from the further consideration thereof.
Mr. DRUM, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, leported a bill for the relief of
Captain Nehemiah Stokely, for commutation pay;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a bill for the relief of the heirs of Captain
Matthew Jack, deceased; and
A bill for the relief of the widow and children
of Ezra Chapman; which received the same direc-
tion.
Mr. D. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill; which was read a first and second time by
its title, as follows, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, mnde the order of the day for
to-morrow, and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Joseph Savage, deceased.
Mr. D. also, from the same committee, reported
adversely on the petition and papers of Captain
Tarpley White, and the petition and papers of
William Y. Heard; which were laid upon the
table,and, with the reports, ordered to be primed.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 presume it is the general
understanding that in all these cases wheje bills
are reported and referred to the Committee of the
Whole, there are to be no motions to reconsider
the reference on Monday next.
Mr. COBB. That was the understanding.
Mr. HAMILTON. There are to be no motions
to reconsider, of course.
The SPEAKER. Such a provision, to be sure,
is not in the order; but, so far as the Chair knew,
that was the understanding.
Mr. MILLSON. If a motion to reconsider be
made on Monday, as it is a privileged motion, it
may seriously obstruct and embarrass the public
business. If it be denied that the understanding
was as indicated, I shall submit motions now to
reconsider the votes on references and lay upon
the table.
Mr. COBB. My understanding m making the
motion which 1 did was, that on Monday next there
were to be no motions to reconsider references.
Mr. MILLSON. Very well.
Mr. CORW1N, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims,reported two bills; which were
read a first and second time by their title, as fol-
lows, referred to a Committee of the AVhole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and,
with the accompanying repoits, ordered to be'
printed;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Thomas
Park, deceased; and
A bill for the relief of William A. Duer, John
Duer, and Beverly Robinson, trustees of the es-
tate of Sarah Alexander, widow of MajorGeneral
William Alexander, commonly known as Lord
Stirling. *
Mr. CROCKER, from the same committee, re-
ported bills; which were read a first and second
time by their titles, as follows, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, made the order of the
day for to-morrow, and, with the accompanying
reports,oideied to be printed:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Gott Hall,
deceased; and
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Henry Hoffman, deceased.
Mr. H1LLYER, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Lund Claims, reported the following bill;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referied to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of John Rice
Jones, deceased.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, from the same
committee, reported back Senate bills of the fol-
lowing titles, with a recommendation that they do
puss:
No. 199. An act authorizing a patent to be
issued to Peter Poncin, for certain lands therein
described;
No. 234. An act for the relief of Conrad Wheat,
junior, or his legal representatives; and
No. 154. An act for the relief of Richard King.
The bills were severally referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, the
Committee on Private Land Claims was discharged
from the farther consideration of the petition of
James W. Marshall of California, praying Con-
gress for a grant of land, in consideration of his
being the first discoverer of gold in that State; and
said petition was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. WESTBROOK, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill of the following title,
with a recommendation that it do pass:
No. 257. An act to confirm the claim of Dasuan
de la Croix to a lot of land therein described.
Mr. NICHOLS. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims to report the fol-
lowing bill:
A bill for the relief of Lloyd Dorsey and others.
Mr. HILLYER. If my colleague upon the
! Committee on Private Land Claims will withhold
the report in that case for the present, I would
state that I found among the papers of the com-
' mittee a document which it is very important to
' the committee to consider in relation to this claim
| before it is reported. I found the paper after the
| committee had ordered the bill to be reported,
j The SPEAKER. If no objection is made, the
report made by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Nichols] will be withdrawn.
Mr. NICHOLS, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Robert McGuire, and Louisa, his wife, late Louisa
Larney; which was* read a first and second time
by its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ORR, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, made an adverse report upon the resolution
of the House, asking an inquiry into the expe-
diency of passing a law for the payment of claims
arising out of the Black Hawk war of 1832, which
was laid upon the table, and, together with the ac-
companying papers, ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. ORR, the same committee
was discharged from the further consideration of
the petition of James M. Coleman and wife, Cher-
okees, asking that the provisions of law of July
29, 1848, for ihe benefit of Cherokee Indians of
North Carolina, may be extended to the Chero-
kees of Tennessee, and that said petition he upon
the table.
Mr. BALL, from the same committee, reported
a bill indemnifying Moses D. Hogan for cattle
destroyed by the Indians in 1842; which was read
the first and second time by its title, referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. GREENWOOD, from the same commit-
tee, made an adverse report in the case of John
Johnson, asking compensation as sub-agent for
the Wyandott Indians in 184) and 1842; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which was referred Senate bill No.
162, being a bill " for the relief of Colonel Alex-
ander G. Morgan," made an adverse report there-
on, and asked that the bill be laid on the table.
the SPEAKER. Is there a written report
mpanying the bill ?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir.
Ordeial, That the bill be laid nn the tabic.
Mr. H.,from the same committee, to whom
was referred Senate bill, No. —, being a bill for
the relief of Lieutenant Edward Cantwell, made
an adverse report thereon, and asked that the bill
be laid on the table.
It was so ordered.
i On motion by Mr. HOWE, from the same com-
j; mittee, it was
i On/ei ed, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
' charged from the further consideration of the proceedings
1 of a public meeting heid &ome time since in Indianapolis,
with reference to the obstruction of travel and commerce
] at Erie, in the State of Pennsylvania.
: Mr. H., from the same committee, reported a
bill; which was read a first and second time by
' its title, as follows, referred to the Committee of
; the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
, to be printed:
! Bill granting the same pay to officers of the
I' Army who served in New Mexico as was granted
! by the act of September 28, 1850, to officers of the
; like grade serving in Oregon and California.
J Mr. McDOUGALL, from the Committee on
■' Military Affairs, reported the following bill and
j1 joint resolution; which were read a first and sec-
: ond time by their titles, referred to a Committee
| of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed:
i; Bill for the relief of Lieutenant George H. Page,
j of the United States Army; and
Joint resolution for the relief of Brevet Captain
J. H.Landrum, of the United States Army.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. Speaker, thechair-
j; man of the Committee on Military Affairs is ab-
j sent, being unable to occupy his seat here to-day.
!j The second gentleman on that committee [Mr.
Faulkner] is also absent. There are verymany
j, important bills which should be promptly reported
r by the committee, and I therefore move that the
I House do now adjourn.
I; [Cries of " Bh, no!" " No '"]
