658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 16,
and which I had aot before the opportunity of con-
'tradicting: he asserted that the changes in respect
to the Capitol extension had coat the Government
$2,700,000.
Mr. STANTON, (interrupting.) No; I merely
said that it would ultimately cost that additional
sum. I desire to correct a statement 
Mr. CRAIGE. The gentleman from Kentucky
will have time to do so on another occasion, for
he introduced a resolution referring that matter to
one of the standing committees at the commence-
ment of the session. The gentleman even raised
a Belect committee on the subject, and when they
report he can make a full explanation. I think the
gentleman should have waited till then. 1 think
it was but fair he should have waited to see the
reports of these committees of investigation before
he made this gratuitous assertion. He should have
waited either for the report on the subject from
the regular Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, or from the committee which he him-
self raised. Let them report on the subject, so
that the House may have the facts^and figures
upon which to form their opinions.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is on
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HI ESTER. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion waa put; and was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
to the amendment; which was not agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Chairman, I move
to reduce the appropriations to Louisville and St.
Louis five dollars; and I do so simply for the pur-
pose of having an opportunity to make a remark
or two on this subject.
I voted for these custom-houses when the defi-
ciency bill was before the House on a former oc-
casion. 1 believe they are necessary for the public
good; but, nevertheless, I am not disposed to sus-
tain this class of improvements, which are calcu-
lated to promote the commercial interests of tliis
nation, unless we can have some guarantee that
the attention of the legislators of the country will
be turned to some other great national interest.
Now, sir, I am a Whig, [laughter,] and I be-
lieve in sustaining, by legislative acts, all the great
and varied national interests of this country, of
which I admit commerce to be an important one.
I believe in promoting that other great interest,
agriculture. I am in favor of legislating a liule
for the country as well as for the town. It was
once said by some author, I do not recollect
who 
[A Voice Cowper.l
Mr. CAMPBELL. That "God made the
•country, and man made the town."
[A voice. That was not Cowper. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. And the school-boy, when
he was reciting it, made a slight mistake, and said:
" God made the country, and the devil made the
town."
Now, sir, I do not know but there was some
force in that mistake of the school-boy. At all
events, I come here representing a rural district—
a constituency which has no direct interest in any
of these custom-house appropriations—in any of
these projects to improve the country. Their in-
terest is ail indirect. They have never asked for
them at the hands of Congress, and probably
never will. Well, I find every year, when I come
here, that in this deficiency bill large appropri-
ations are proposed for these city improvements.
I do not see that they in any way directly interest
the inland States. Notatall; and,in fact, I doubt
whether this whole matter of having a deficiency
bill is not all wrong. Congress makes an appro-
pi iation for a particular purpose, and the Depart-
ments go on and make the expenditure of the
amount voted, and then come in and ask for more,
under a deficiency bill It is time, 1 think, that
the whole system should be changed, and that the
Departments should be given to understand that
they have no power to do in these matters only
what Congress has authorized them to do.
Now, sir, it has been suggested that this bill
might be laid aside for the purpose of taking up
the separate bill reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means, making appropriations for the
completion of these buildings. I should like, be-
fore either of the bills are acted upon, to have an
expression of the sentiment of this House in rela-
tion to the improvement of our rivers and harbors,
and in reference to that great system by which it
is proposed to facilitate and promote the agricul-
tural interests of this country. I want to see some
test vote taken, by which it will be made to appear
that the interests of the farmer are legislated for as
well as the interests of the merchant.
it is a very convenient thing, 1 know, to have
an elegant court-room in Cincinnati, and at Mo-
bile. ft may be very proper to have elegant and
finely-carpeted rooms, where members of the bar
can sit at their ease, and try their causes; but, sir,
it would also be a very comfortable thing for the
farmers of the great Northwest to have railroads
upon which they may transport their products to
market. It is a very inconvenient thing, very in-
convenient indeed, for the farmers out there to
be stuck in the mud with their load of potatoes,
and when they come here and ask for an appro-
priation for the purpose of taking the snags out
of their rivers, and removing obstructions in their
thoroughfares 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Illinois. I am-will-
ing to refrain from speaking, and to stay here and
dispose of this bill to-night; but I think I ought to
say, nevertheless, that I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Camp-
bell.] Thegreat trouble with us is, that we have
too much distrust for each other. One side is
afraid that the other will not play fair m the end.
1 believe that the honorable gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Breckinridge] will move, when this
bill is disposed of, that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and endeavor to take up and pass the cus-
tom-house and marine hospital bill in good faith.
But what guarantee have 1, when that bill.comes
before the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, that it will not be loaded down with
amendments, as the Minnesota bill was the other
day. Suppose some good Whig, who believes it
his duty to carry out his creed whenever he can,
should move to amend the bill by adding some ar-
ticle of the Whig platform upon it; what guarantee
have I that some of my Democratic friends, who
are anxious to defeat the bill, and thinking that the
means will justify the end, will not, for the time
being, vote to incorporate into the hill a National
bank, or the distribution of the proceeds of the
public lands; and then, when the bill comes into
the House, our Whig friends will stand true, of
course, and our Democratic friends upon this side
of the House will desert their new allies, as they
did upon the Minnesota bill ? But where will be
our custom-houses and our hospitals ? I think
the fairest thing we can do in this matter is to stand
side by side in favor of all the estimates, as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury wants us to do. Let there
be no division in the Democratic ranks on this
amendment! [Laughter.] Let the President of the
United States, the Secretary of theTreasury, and
the Committee of Ways and Means, all stand to-
gether; and then let the Democratic members of
the House of Representatives back up the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, when they back up
the President and his Secretary of the Treasury.
[Laughter.] I hope there will be no division in
the party to-day.
1 do not want it sSid that this Administration
is a picayune concern, and that it dare not com-
plete the custom-houses that Whigs began; that
it dare not complete the hospitals to protect our
sick sailors, that the Whigs began. Are marine
hospitals incomplete, and custom-houses also
incomplete, to stand as monuments of the mean-
ness of the Democratic party > No, sir. I do not
belong to any such party. I am for aiding them
more than the Whigs ever did. I am far from
withholding money for appropriations of this kind.
I am in favor of voting it out liberally. The
people will never ask how much money you have
expended, but what have you done with it? If
you have used it to a good purpose, they will
( sustain you; but if you have used it wrongfully,
' they will condemn you, however small the sum.
I If our friends will stand by the bill, we will put
| the appropriations for marine hospitals and cus-
j tom-houses together, and pass them all; and, be-
! fore the sun goes down, we will pass the bill if
i the House will only consent to remain in session.
[Here the hammer fell.]
j The question was taken; and the amendment to
| the amendment was not agreed to.
I Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I move to increase
the appropriation for the custom-house at Cincin-
nati, Ohio, $5,000.
Mr. Chairman, I have listened very attentively
to the explanation made by the honorable gentle-
man from Kentucky who represents the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means upon this measure; and,
for the life of me, I was not able to hear a single
reason given why, if there is a single deficiency
which should be supplied by the provisions of this
bill, those for custom-houses and marine hospi-
tals should not also be provided for by the same
bill.
Now, sir, the Committee of Ways and Means
come here and ask us to support the bill under
consideration. Well, sir, 1 expect to vote forthe
bill, even if the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Preston] should not prevail. I
am for making the proper provisions for carrying
! on the machinery of Government, whether directed
by a Whig or Democratic Administration. But
we are asked to place in this bill an appropriation
of $530,000, which, in my humble judgment, is not
a deficiency at all, for the purchase of a site for
an assay office in New York.
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to a question of or-
der 
Mr. TAYLOR. I cannot give way. It must
certainly be in order to reply to the arguments of
a member of the Committee.of Ways and Means,
to which no objection was made.
Mr. HIBBARD. I insist upon my point of
order. It is that the gentleman from Ohio is not
confining his remarka to the explanation of^his
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot tell
what application the gentleman will make of his
remarks until he has been heard further.
Mr. TAYLOR. If the gentleman had waited
a little he would have seen that my remarks were
applicable to the amendment 1 have offered.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
must confine himself strictly to the explanation of
his amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR. So I intend to do. If the Dem-
ocratic members of this House believed their Sec-
retary of the Treasury, as I believe him, when he
says that these are deficiencies 
Mr. HIBBARD. Has the Chair decided my
question of order? I submit that the gentleman's
remarks are irrelevant to the amendment he has
submitted. He proposes to increase the appro-
priation contained in the amendment of the gentle-
man from Kentucky for the custom-house at Cin-
cinnati $5,000. I ask that the Chair shall decide
the question of order.
Mr. TAYLOR. I am endeavoring to show
that the appropriation for which I ask is a defi-
ciency, according to the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot tell
what application the gentleman from Ohio will
make of his remarks to the amendment he has
offered, and therefore cannot decide him to be out
of order. The gentleman from Ohio will-proceed
in order.
Mr. TAYLOR. What I am endeavoring to
show is, that these appropriations for the com-
pletion of custom-houses and marine hospitals are
deficiencies, that they are as such recommended
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and as such
properly belong to a deficiency bill. And now for
the proof.
1 have before me a communication sent to the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
by the Secretary of the Treasury, dated January
3,1854, in which the custom-houses at Cincinnati,
Mobile, St. Louis, and the others provided for in
this amendment, are particularly noted; and the
report shows conclusively, not only the fact that
deficiencies do exist, but also shows the importance
of making these appropriations upon the part of
Congress. I will read to the committee what the
Secretary of the Treasury says in reference to the
custom-house at Mobile:
" The Department considered that true economy required
i that a further appropriation of §65,000, to carry out the
original design, should be made; and consequently made
the estimates therefor, feeling assured that when tile facts
were brought to the attention of Congress its necessity
would be seen, and the appropriation made."
Can words show more palpably the existence
of a deficiency in this case, than does this report
of the Secretary of the Treasury ? No, sir; in my
humble judgment, the whole question resolves it-
