1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
659
self into this: Will you believe the Secretary of
the Treasury, when he says thai the appropria-
tions for which he asks to complete the custom-
houses and marine hospitals are-deficiencies, or
will you believe the majority of the Committee of
Ways and Means, who with thfe same light you
yourselves possess come here and tell you they
are not? The Secretary of the Treasury says
they are; and the majority of this House,-as re-
gards every item contained in the amendment of
the gentleman from Kentucky, have expressed
the deliberate opinion that they are; and yet we
are asked to reverse the former position of the
House, expressed by repeated votes, and to reject
this amendment, because the Committee of Ways
and Means think the appropriations are not defi-
ciencies. Now, I say to the members of this com-
mittee, that I believe they will never get a dollar for
one of these custom-houses and marine hospitals
if this bill passes, and does not contain these ap-
propriations. I differ with the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge.] It is not thede-
sign ever to give a dollar for any such purpose, if
the bill now under consideration passes.  
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. I think, sir, that
I am as sincere a friend to river and .harbor im-
provements as my honorable friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell.] I nevertheless favor appropri-
ations for custom-houses.
It does appear to me remarkably strange, that
after the Secretary of the Treasury—of a Demo-
cratic Administration too; and if the Democrats are
distinguished for any one thing above another, it
is for an economical administration of the Gov-
ernment—that after a Democratic Secretary of the
Treasury, in pursuance of law, and in obedience to
his duty, has recommended to this House these ap-
propriations for the completion of custom-houses,
gentlemen should rise here and denounce him and
charge him with the wildest extravagance. I say
to the Democracy in this Hall: if you choose to do
so, do it—denounce your Democratic Administra-
tion as extravagant. But they have been invested
by law with the duty of recommending these esti-
mates and these appropriations, and why should
we not adopt them ?
Sir, the gentlemen who oppose these appropri-
ations have not furnished the House with one sol-
itary reason, one argument, one fact, one particle
of proof, to show that they are extravagant and
unnecessary.
What is the history of this matter? Why, sir, a
few weeks ago this deficiency bill was under con-
sideration in the House, and amendments making
appropriations for every one of these custom-
houses were adopted. After those amendments
were adopted it was proposed to scuttle the whole
bill, and forsake it. Itwasdone. The bill was then
rereferred to the Committee of Ways and Means;
and thatcommittee reported back two bills instead
of one. The honorable gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Breckinridge] opposes the union of the
two bills, because he says he thinks that, while
they may pass separately, they cannot pass uni-
tedly. I would ask the honorable gentleman what ;
he means by such a statement as that? If these !
appropriations for custom-houses have friends j
enough upon this floor to pass them separately, |
the ordinary appropriations surely have friends j
enough. If, then, they are united, does it neces- ,
sarily follow that they will be defeated? I would j
like the gentleman to answer that question. It i
cannot be answered in the affirmative consistently j
with reason and with sound logic. If these appro-'
priations have friends enough to carry them sep- j
arately, and the ordinary appropriations to carry j
on the Government have friends enough, surely i
if they are united they will all pass. Ah, sir, j
there is a trick in it. I do not say that it is a 1
trick of the gentleman from Kentucky, but it sig- j
nifies something. Let this bill containing the or- ,
dinary appropriations pass,and then, in my opin- ;
ion, these custom-houses may whistle. [A laugh.] !
I appeal to the friends of the custom-houses—1 ap- \
peal to you who represent States which are inter-
ested in these custom-houses—not to be caught by j
any such trick, or in any such trap. For my ;
part, if gentlemen will not allow them to be united, j
I will vote against the whole of them.
The Secretary of the Treasury has reported ;
these appropriations as deficiencies. It is upon ;
the same responsibility that he has recommended |
to this body appropriations for other purposes, ij
[Here the hammer fell.] I
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to; there being, on a division—ayes
98, noes 41.
The committee thereupon rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr.
Chandler] reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
their consideration the Union generally, and es-
pecially House bill (No. 271) entitled "A bill to
supply the deficiencies in the appropriation for
the service of the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1854,"-and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. McMULLlN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Thereupon the House (at forty-five minutes
past three o'clock, p. m.) adjourned till to-mor-
row at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 17, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer. After which the rever-
end gentleman said;
Genllemen of the House of Representati ves: At
the suggestion of members of your own body,
and by leSve of the honorable Speaker, I have
the pleasure to announce that Rev. Dr. Duff, of
the Free Church of Scotland, long a missionary
at Calcutta, will occupy this desk Sabbath morn-
ing next, at eleven o'clock. In the present condi-
tion of my health, it is very gratifying to me to
be able to have so talented and excellent a substi-
tute as the Reverend Doctor. We shall be happy
to see the members of this House present on that
occasion.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
ARRIVALS IN THE UNITED STATES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the State Department, transmit-
ting, agreeably to the act of Congress of March,
1819, regulating the passenger ships and vessels,
the annual statement of the number and designa-
tion of passengers arriving in the United States
by sea from foreign countries during the year
ending December 31, 1853, compiled from returns
made to the Department by the collectors of cus-
toms.
On motion- by Mr. HAVEN, it was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
MOBILE HARBOR.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask leave to present to the
House the joint resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of Alabama, relating to the improvement
of the harbor of Mobile. As they are lengthy, 1
shall not ask for their reading. I move that tliey
be referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER laid before the House Senate
bill No. 151, entitled "An act for the relief of
George G. Bishop, and the legal representatives
of John Arnold, deceased."
Mr. CLINGMAN. How does that bill come
before ns for consideration ? Does it come under
the order in relation to private bills?
The SPEAKER. This is private bill day.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think that we had better
finish the deficiency bill to-day. I intended to
have made the motion that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. It is in order on Fridays and
Saturdays to lay before the House the private bills
on the table from the Senate.
Mr. EDGERTON. All the private bills on the
table from the Senate had better be laid before us,
and referred to the standing committees this
morning.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. My friend from Ohio
[Mr. Edgerton] feels it to be his duty to submit
a motion that the House resolve itself into a Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Calen-
dar; but 1 do not think that he is unwilling that
we should go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, to finish the deficiency bill
we took up yesterday. If it be in order, as we
are half through with it, I will moye that the
House do now resolve itself into the Cbmmitte of
theWhole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. Will the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge] be kind
enough to withdraw his motion'for a moment ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Certainly, sir.
Mr. JONES. Then I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a personal explanation,
Mr. EDGERTON. I object.
Mr. JONES. I regret exceedingly that any-
thing should have occurred in this House 
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) Objection has
been made. Does the gentleman from Ohio [Mr,
Edgerton] withdraw his objection ?
Mr. EDGERTON. If it is a privileged ques-
tion that the gentleman desires to make 1 am will-
ing to do so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Louis-
iana asks the unanimous consent of the House to
make a personal explanation. The Chair cannot
determine whether that explanation contains priv-
ileged matter or not.
Mr. EDGERTON. Well, I withdraw my ob-
jection.
The SPEAKER. Objection being withdrawn,
the gentleman from Louisiana will proceed.
Mr. JONES. I regret exceedingly, Mr. Speaker,
that anything should have occurred in this House
to compel me, a new member, and," as the whole
House knows, one who has not occupied the at-
tention of the House heretofore, to make a per-
sonal explanation. However, certain remarks fell
from the lips of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Giddings] yesterday, which I felt it my duty to
correct at the time, as they contained an attack on
the intelligence of the State which I have the honor
in part to represent.
1 understood the gentleman from Ohio to state
yesterday, and I presume it was the understand-
ing of every member of this House, that he had
been informed, through all the public prints, that a
resolution had been introduced in the Legislature
of Louisiana, reflecting on the Executive of the
United States, Tor not interposing to arrest the
progress of civilization in Cuba. Mark the words:
" to arrest the progress of civilization in Cuba."
I got up promptly in my seat, and stated that no
such resolutions had been offered in the Legisla-
ture of Louisiana.
Now I see, sir, in the morning prints, that it is
stated that the gentleman from Ohio made the re-
mark that the Legislature of Louisiana had -cen-
sured the President of the United States for not
interposing to arrest the progress of emancipation.
I will read his words, as they appear in the re-
port:
" Resolutions are pending, or have been pending, cen-
suring the Executive of the United States for non-interfer-
ence to prevent emancipation m Cuba."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I did not understand the
gentleman to make any such remark. He cer-
tainly said "civilization," not " emancipation."
I at least so understood him, and it was on this
remark that I based my denial of it. Now, in
justice to my honorable colleague, [Mr.-Per-
kins,] who is not present here, I will say that I
have no doubt he understood the gentleman from
Ohio, in the hurry of his remarks, to make allu-
sion to a resolution which had been introduced
into the Legislature of Louisiana. That was a
resolution calling attention to the fact of the trea-
ties which were being made to africanize Cuba,
not to prevent the .progress of civilization there.
And hence it was, I have no doubt,-that my hon-
orable colleague stated that such a resolution had
been introduced into the Legislature of Louisiana.
Sir, while I am up, I feel it due to myself and
to the House to say that the expression which I
used yesterday was one which should not have
been used even to the gentleman from Ohio. I
stated that I believed he had seen no such state-
ment in any paper. I do not yet think that he
has seen any statement in the papers to the effect
that the Legislature of Louisiana has had before
them resolutions censuring the President of the
United States for not interposing and arresting the
progress of civilization in the Island of Cuba.
But I am willing to say, that in all probability
the gentleman believes he has seen such a state-
ment, for in all matters connected with the subject
of slavery ! know he is very much disposed to
look at the harshest side of the picture in refer-
ence thereto. It may be an honest fanaticism
