1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1869
Mr. McDOUGALL. Well, I withdraw that
motion.
Mr. BOCOCK, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred. Senate bill No. 128,
entitled " An act for the relief of Hiram Paulding,"
asked that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration thereof, and that itbe referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
It was so ordered.
Mr. BOCOCK, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
not pass, Senate bill No. 114, "for the relief of
Thomas Pember."
Ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BOCOCK, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
not pass, Senate bill No. 115, viz: "An act for
the relief of Daniel Mickam."
Ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MILLSON. I think in these cases, where
Senate bills are reported back, courtesy requires
that they should be referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, with the recommendation of
the committee.
Mr. BOCOCK. I have no objection to that
disposition of them.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Bocuck] if the ad-
verse reports, in these cases, are accompanied by
a written report?
Mr. BOCOCK. They are accompanied by the
Senate reports.
Mr. HOUSTON. Are they printed'
Mr. BOCOCK. They are.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the v.ouimitte«t make
any written report?
Mr. BOCOCK. Not at all.
Mr. MILLSON. If we had a quorum here I
should have no objection to these bills and reports
being laid upon the table. But as there is not a
quorum present, to lay them upon the table is
equivalent to their rejection. It is final action,
and that, too, by less than a quorum.
Mr. BOCOCK. I have no objection to their
being referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, with the recommendatiou of the commit-
tee that they do not pass. They will then come
up regularly for consideration.
No objection being made, the last two bills re-
ported* with the recommendation of thecomtmttee,
were referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. BOCOCK. There have been several
memorials referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs asking for pensions as invalids. The
committee considered them, and came to the con-
clusion that they did not legitimately belong to
that committee; they therefore directed me to ask
that the Committee on Naval Affairs be discharged
from their consideration, and that they be referred
*to the Committee on invalid Pensions.
The following memorials were accordingly re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and
the Committee on Naval Affairs discharged there-
from:
Petition of Charles H. Robinson, a naval pen-
sioner, for increase of pension;
Petition of Eli Darling, for pecuniary aid, in
consideration of the loss of his eyed while in the
service of the United States, at ihe naval station
of Brooklyn;
Petition of Benjamin Cressey, for a pension as
an invalid seaman, from wounds received during
the late war with Great Britain; and
Petition of William Gore, for a pension in con-
sideration of injuries received while in the Dart-
moor prison ship.
Mr. BOCOCK, from the same committee, re-
ported back the Senate bill entitled "An act for
the relief of passed midshipmen George P.Welsh
and Clark H. "Wells," with a recommendation that
it do pass.
Referred to a Committeeof the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 have in my hand a bill, in
reference to which, before I make a report upon
it, I desire to make an inquiry of the Chair. The
House has agreed to receive the report of bills
which do not give rise to debate. If a report eli-
cits debate upon this occasion, it cannot be made
to the House. I have a bill here which I wish to
report to the House, and to move that it be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and printed,
and then let the motion lie over.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let it be referred back to
the committee.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not want it referred
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. BOCOCK. Then, as there is objection, I
report a bill entitled "An act to reorganize the
Navy of the United States."
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MACDONALD, from the Committee on
ji Naval Affairs, reported back the following bills;
|; which were referred to a Committee of the Whole
|i H( use, and ordered to be printed:
11 S.No. 30. An act for the relief of Thomas Mars-
j, ton Taylor;
i S.No. 31. An act for the relief of purser Fran-
J; cn B. Stockton; and
1 S. No. J13. An act for the relief of the widows
j and orphans of the officers and seamen of the
| United States schooner Grampus, who were lost
; in that vessel in March, 1853, near the coast of
: the United States.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. The chairman of the
!, Committee on Territories is not present, and I do
I not know whether I shall succeed in the motion I
wi«h to make. I do not know that this is a
ij proper time to make the motion, but the object 1
i1 wish to accomplish is an important one, and 1
i' hope the House will indulge me in it. I desire to
j" set apart two or three days of next week for the
| consideration of Territorial business.
i Several Members. Oh, no; donotdothat!
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 would suggest to the gentle-
man from Oregon, that if he should .s-ucceed in his
ji motion, he would accomplish nothing by it. The
i' bill which is already a special order in committee
!, would take precedence until it is disposed of.
Mr. LANE. 1 do not yield the floor to the
\ gentleman. 1 want to talk a little - [A laugh.]
There is much important territorial business yet
' undisposed of, and there is no prospect of our
i; being able to reach it at.all in its regular order
t during the present session. Now, sir, up to this
j. time there has not been a single bill passed for the
j benefit of the Territory 1 represent. Not one.
II We have considered most of these bills in theCorn-
ij mittee of the Whole, and they are now upon the
| Speaker's table; and unless there are some days
;; set apart when we can be certain of their consid-
,, eration, we shall have no further action upon them
i before the close of the session, or if there is action,
! it will be too late to secure the concurrence of the
other House. I ask gentlemen to remember what
they said to me some time ago; how they appealed
to me not to press this business then, promising
thai a sufficient time should be set apart for the
transaction of all the tenitonal business upon the
Calendar. 1 hope the House will set apart the
; next week for that purpose.
| TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Oregon
j mus* be aware that his proposition can only be
. entertained by unanimous consent. Unanimous
i; consent would be required for various .reasons,
1 and among others for the reason that we already
; have a special order for the next week, which is
1 not disposed of in committee.
i1 Mr. HAMILTON. 1 want to Know what is
!' before the House?
TheSPEAKER. Nothing.
Mr. HAMILTON. Is not the regular cider
: of business the call of committees for reports? 1
!' object to everything else.
!■ TheSPEAKER. There is, however, a prop-
! osition made by the gentleman from Oregon, ask-
I; ing the unanimous consent of the House to set
apart the next week for the consideration of t£rri-
1. tonal business.
j Mr. HAMILTON, i object.
;; Mr. McDOUGALL. I propose to ask the unan-
; itnous conscnt of the House to postpone the further
i consideration of the special order m the Com-
i. mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
until the first Monday in July next. I will state
I' to the House that my object in submitting this
I request is to secure for that measure a full and
1: proper consideration. I will state further that the
' reports upon the various surveys will probably be
i! ready in about a week from this time. These
f reports will present to the House the information
! which is desired, in order to determine upon the
!i practicability and merits of the various routes
upon which it is proposed to construct the road.
This information is of great importance, and is
desired by members previous to action on the bill.
For the purpose, therefore, of having the matter
properly and satisfactorily understood by the
House, I ask that the special order be postponed
until the first Monday in July next.
Mr. LETCHER. We have been considering
this bill for two weeks, and if its consideration is
now postponed until the first of July, we shall in all
probability have two or three weeks more discus-
sion upon it. It was proposed the other day that
the debate upon this measure should be closed
some day early in the next week, and the House
brought to a vote upon it. I think it should not
be postponed^ and the House would then be
brought to action in regard to it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. That was not proposed
by a friend of the bill. The bill will have to be
discussed, and that discussion, if continued now,
will occupy sometime. Gentlemen are anxious to
speak on it, and unless the course suggested be
pursued they will proceed to address the commit-
tee on Monday next. Is it not best to have the
discussion when all the facts are laid before us?
The SPEAKER. This discussion is irregular
and out of order. The Chair must insist on gen-
tlemen preserving ordei.
[Cries of " Withdraw the objection P']
* Mr. LETCHER. I will not withdraw my ob-
jection. I cannot see why any one measure is
entitled to all the consideration of this House to
the exclusion of others.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee on Teriitories.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I am in hopes that
there will be no objection to fixing a day for the
consideration of territorial business.
The SPEAKER. Is the objection made to the
gentleman's proposition withdrawn?
Mr. HAMILTON. I am indisposed to object
to the gentleman's proposition; hut ha has time
enough yet to make it. We already have a special
order, and I, for one, am not willing to clog busi-
ness by making special orders one on top of the
other.
Mr. ELLISON, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported adversely on the
petition and papers of Sarah Chesley, and on the
petition and papers of Mary Blakeney; which
were laid upon the table, and, with the accom-
panying reports, ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, from the same
committee, reported back the petition and papers
of John Marsh and others, children of John
Marsh, for compensation for the services of their
father in the revolutionary war; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, reported
adversely on the petition of Elizabeth Martin;
which was laid upon the table, and, with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. DENT, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported adversely on the petition of
John Ruasell, on the petition of Alpheus Hill, and
on the petition of Mary R. Adram; which were
laid upon the table, and, with the accompanying
reports, ordered to be printed. *
Mr. D.also, from the same committee, reported
back Senate bill No. 275, "for the relief of Andrew
jLDickerhoff;'5 which was referred to a Commit-
fP of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. D. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill " for the relief of Oliver Brown, of Chemung
county, in the State of New York;" which was
read a first and second time by its title, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. D. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Edmund Mitchel;" which
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DENT, i am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions to report the following
bill:
A bill to provide a pension for George W, Tor-
rance.
I desire to say that this is a particularly merit-
orious case. The individual for whose benefit
this pension is intended is now in this city. 1
would ask that the bill be taken up and passed
immediately, but seeing that it would be useless
to do so, owing to the order of business, I would
ask that the bill and report be printed, and thet
