1370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
they be recommitted to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
The biH Laving been read a first and second time
by its title, was then recommitted to the Commit-
tee on invalid Pensions.
Mr. VAIL, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported the following bills; which were
read a first and second time by their respective
titles, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and or-
dered to he printed:
A bill for the relief of James Butler;
A bill for the relief of John ft. Hicks, of In-
diana;
A bill for the relief of John Brown, 2d, of New
Hampshire;
A bill fur the relief Mrs. Anne W. Angus,
widow of the late Captain Angus of the United
States Navy;;
A bill for the relief of Betsey Nash;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Ellis;
A bill for the relief of Mrs. C. S. Westcott.
On motion by M r. VAIL, it was
Oidc, eSj That th#  Com mitres on Invalid Portions be dis-
charged 1r<mi the further consideration ot the petition of
Ljdm Praiher, of Franklin county, Maryland, asking Unit
the bounty hind to which she is entitled, minor heir of
David W. Piaiher, may he allowed her, and thaLbaid pull
tion be laid upon ihe table.
On motion by Mr. STUART, of Ohio, it was«
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Perilous be
di.-th'trgi i! fmm tin- luriber consideration of' ih«  petition of
Ezekiel Hook, foi an invalid pension, and that, it be laid
Upon liie Table.
A1m>, ihat ihe same committee be discharged from the
funtie consideration ot the pennon ot fc\\ Iv.inns L. Hen
deic-'on, and liiat it be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
On motion by Mr.- STUART, it wag «
0>d< red, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be di*-
chfirgt-d ijom Hie fnriht r conMder.iiion of the p< Ulnou, of
ciit/.en^ ot Michigan, lor an eMei^ion of the ponMon land5;,
and ot Peter U. VVilleits, a soidiei of the i.Ue war with
Mexico, praying tor an increase ol'peiwon lor injuria sus-
tained while in tlie hue ot his duty.
Mr. STUART, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with an amendment, Senate bill No.
133, which was referred to a Committee of the
"Whole House, and ordered to be punted:
An act for the relief of Lavinia Taylor.
Mr. STUART, from the same committee, to
which was refeired Senate bill No. 1(J2, " for the
relief of Amos ECnapp," made an adverse report
thereon, and moved that it be laid on the table.
Ir was so ordered.
M r LETCH Eft. Is it a Senate bill on which
the gt tit It rnn n i epoi ts ad versly ?
The SPEAKER. U is.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it accompanied by a
wri ten report?
♦ The SPEAKER. No; there is no written re-
port presented.
Mr LETCHER. And how can that commit-
tee expect us to know the merits of the con'ro-
veif-y ni regard to a question acted favorably on
by theSMwe, without a wntten report?
The SPEAKER. The re is no written report
in the case. Thin is a very fashionable mode of
doing business now.
*" On motion by Mr. EDMANDS, it was
Res Ival, That ihe Committee on Invalid Pensions be
discharged from the fuithcr consideration of The lol)owmg
pennons, and that ihey take the direction de ignati d be-
j«uv. jrk
Petition of Lemuel Smith. Referred to the ConT
mi'tee on R<\olutionary Pensions.
Petition of Margaret Bovvne for bounty land.
Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr EDMANDS, from the same committee,
presented mlveise reports on the following peti-
tions; which were ordered to he on the table:
Petition of Chewier Parish;
Petition of Eunice Morrison, for arrears of
pay due her late husband, Lieutenant Joseph
Morrison;
Petition <>f Orange Mansfield;
Petition of Henry Welch; and
Petition of Horatio Seymour, for amendment
of the invalid pension laws.
Mr EDMANDS, from the same committee,
reported a bill; which was read a first and second
time by its title, as follows, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed:
A bill for the relief of Thomas Bronough. j
Mr. EDMANDS also, from the same com- !
mittee, reported the following bills; which were i
severally read a first and second time by their titles,
referred to a Committee of the W hole House, and
ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Anne E. Cook; and
A bill for the relief of Abraham Ausman.
On motion by Mr. CHRISMAN, it was
Otdered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
di-^eharyed from the tunher consideration of Senate bill
(.No. J£4l) Joi the relief ot James Worm&ley, and that the
same be releired to the Committee on llevoluuonaiy Pen-
sions.
Mr. PRESTON", from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported the following bill; which was
read a first arid second time by us title, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed:
A bill to provide for taking charge of the Lou-
isville and Portland canal, ami to prevent the same
fiom tailing into bad repair.
Mr. Ri 1'CliIE, ot Pennsylvania. As a mem-
ber of the Committee on Roads and Canals, I have
no objection to the reference which has been made
of this bill. But to enable me to look into the
matter, 1 desire to have a motion to reconsider the
vote by which it was so referred entered.
Mr. COBB. Such a course is contrary to the
understanding enteied into this morning.
Mr. JOiNES, of Tennessee, i prefer that this
matter shou d be disposed of now, otherwise it
will be called up at some future time, and a motion
made to put the bill upon its passage.
The SPEAKER, in the opinion of the Chair,
a motion to reconsider is not within the spirit of
the understanding this morning, and is not prop-
erly m order.
Mr. COBB. That was so understood.
The SPEAKER. The bill gives rise to con-
troversy, and no mils were to be reported except
such as should not give vise to debate.
Mr. PRESTON. 1 ask my colleague on the
committee to withdraw his motion.
Mr. RI TCHIE. 1 will withdraw it.
Mr. PRESTON. This bill was unanimously
reported from the committee, and 1 think the refer-
ence had better be changed, i therefore move that
it be referred back to the committee, and that it be
printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that
course being taken. I do not want this bill to
have any advantage over any other, it was not
the intention of the agreement this morning to
place bills m that position.
Mr.COBB. But, it it goes back to the commit-
tee, u is m the same position as if it had not been
reported.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, let it go
back without, printing.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that several inh* have been disposed of in this way
in the course of the day.
Mr. DISNEY. I do not believe there is a man
in the House to object. 1 hope the bill will go
back to the Committee on Roads and Canals, and
be printed.
The SPEAKER. That is the proposition be-
fore the House; but it can be acceded to only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES. 1 object to the printing. If it
goes back to the committee, let them take it as it
came from them.
Mi. COBB. I will sa*y to the gentleman from
Tenmssee, that if he objects to the printing and
reference, the hill will be brought directly before
the blouse for consideration.
Mr. JONES. Oh, no.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the objec-
tion comes too late. The bill was reported, and,
by unanimous consent, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be punted. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Ritchie] then moved to rcconsider
the refeience, and to re-refer it to the Committee
on Roads and Canals. The Chair thinks the order
to print would not be affected by the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. JONES. Well, let it go; but gentlemen
will find that it will come up to be put on its pas-
sage some day.
Mr. PRESTON. My own opinion is, that the
gentleman from Tennessee will vote for it himself
whenever it does come up.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires the House
to understand precisely in what form the matter
now stands. The gentleman from Kentucky re-
ported the bill from the Committee on Roads and
Canals under the order of the House made this
morning. 1 n the ordinary course of business, the
Chair announced that, by unanimous consent, it
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
The gentleman from Kentucky now proposes to
change the order,and to re-refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals. The Chair decides
that it can .only be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES. I will withdraw my objection,
and let it go.
So the bill was rereferred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals, and ordered to be printed,
j Mr. BRIDGES, from the Committee on Patents
j and the Patent Office, reported a " bill for the relief
of Francis Pettit Smith;" which was read a first
and second time by its title, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, made theorder of the
day for to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RIDDLE, i have no report to make from
the Committees either upon Roads and Canals
or Engraving, and I presume there are but few
other reports to be made from the committees re-
maining to be called. 1 therefore take advantage
of the opportunity now afforded to ask the indul-
gence ot the House, and its unanimous consent,
to present a memorial upon a subject in which at
least three fourths of the people of the United
States are interested, which is of great importance
to my own constituents, and m which I am certain
every membei of the House will feel some inter-
est. It relates, too, to a subject which has seveial
tunes been brought to the attention of the present
Congress, both m the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, but upon which, as yet, no action
has been taken. It is, sir, the memorial of the
Agricultural Societies of Delaware, and of two
thousand citizens of that State, praying the Gov-
ernment of the United States to effect some ar-
rangement with Peru, by which, for a just and
proper equivalent, the Peruvian Government will
either cede to the United States one of her guano
islands, or, by removing the existing restrictions
upon Ameiican vessels engaged in the guano
trade, place the trade m that article upon a more
just and liberal commercial basig.
Mr. COBB. That may all be very proper, but
i let us get through with the call of committees first.
Mr. RIDDLE. My friend from Alabama
j knows fall well that if objection be made now, I
j may never have such another opportunity. I
( therefore call upon him to withdraw his objec-
I tion. The memorial could be presented under
' the rules of the House, but in that event it would
; necessarily go to either the Committee on A^ri-
! culture, or the Committee on Foieign Affairs.
Without intending any disrespect to those com-
; mittees, composed, as i know they are, of able
| gentlemen, and friends to the object of the peti-
. tioners, 1 must be permitted to say that the sub-
| ject is one of such vast importance to the agncul-*
j tural interests of all the States—intetests which
1 have never asked the protection of the American
I Congress, but whicn are eminently entitled to all it
i can give, as to demand paiticuiar and specification
unembarrassed by the action of a standing commit-
tee. i shall, thereto re, move, before taking my seat,
that a special committee be raised to take the sub-
ject in charge, if the House will gratify me in
this particular, something may be done, either
during this session or the next, and the lands
upon the Atlantic slope, and, I may add, through-
out the entire country, which are accet-sible from
li the coast, and which are now so poorly paying
the grain and tobacco grower for his labor, may
i be enriched by the Peruvian guano, purchased, as
!i it should be, at a moderate price, and not four
>; times the cost of introducing it.
i; 1 am aware that the Peruvian Government de-
] | rives a great portion of its r^enue from this guano
1: trade. I am equally aware that the United States
and Great Britain ate its best customers; but in
|i all this I can see no reason why that Govern-
iJ ment should not, for a fair equivalent, remove
II the onerous restiictions imposed upon it, and
particularly when demanded by the people of a
! friendly Power.
li In an interview which I lately had with the
Secretary of State upon the subject; that officer
informed me he had had the same matter under
consideration, and been m correspondence with
the Peruvian Government, but that nothing had
been definitely decided. If, under these circum-
