2280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May,
involving title to slaves, the said writs of error, or
appeals, shall be allowed and decided by the said
supreme court, without regard to the value of the
matter9 property, or title in controversy; and ex-
cept, also, that a writ of error or appeal shall also
be allowed to the Supreme Court of the United
States, from the decision of the said supreme
court created by this act, or of any judge thereof,
or of the district courts created by this act, or of
any judge thereof, upon any writ of habeas cor-
pus, involving- the question of personal freedom:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
construed to apply to or affect the provisions of
the "act respecting fugitives from justice, and
persons escaping from the service of their mas-
ters," approved February twelfth, seventeen hun-
dred and ninety-three, and the " act to amend and
supplementary to the aforesaid act," approved
September eighteen, eighteen hundred and fifty;
and each of the said district courts shall have and ,
exercise the same jurisdiction in all cases arising :
under the Constitution and laws of the United i
States as is vested in the circuit and district courts
of the United States; and the said supreme and
district courts of the said Territory, and the re-
spective judges thereof, shall and may grant writs
of habeas corpus in all cases in which the same
are grunted by the judges of the United States in
the District of Columbia; and the first six days
of every term of said courts, or go much thereof
as shall be necessary, shall be appropriated to the
trial of causes arising under the said Constitution
and laws, and writs of error and appeal in all such j
cases shall be made to the supreme court of said i
Territory, the same as in other cases. The said |
clerk shall receive in all such cases the same fees j
which the clerks of the district courts of Utah i
Territory nowf receive for similar services. ;
Sec. 10. And be it fwither enacted, That the pro- i
visions of an act entitled "An act i expecting fugi- j
tives from justice, and persons escaping from the :
service of their masters," approved February ;
twelve, seventeen hundred and ninety-three, and ,
the provisions ofthe act entitled " An act to amend, ;
and supplementary to, the aforesaid act," ap- '
proved September eighteen, eighteen hundred and j
fifty, be, and the same are hereby, declaied to ex- i
tend to and be in full force within the limits of said i
Tei ritory of Nebraska.
Sec. 11. And be il further enacted, That there
shall be appointed an attorney for said Territory,
who shall continue in office for four years, and
until his successor shnllbe appointed and qualified,
unless sooner removed by the President, and who
shall receive the same fees and salary as the attor-
ney of the United States for the present Territory
of Utah. There shall also be a marshal for the
Territory appointed, who shall hold hm office for '
four years, and until his successor shall be ap-
pointed and qualified, unless sooner removed by j
the President, and who shall execute all piocesses
issuing from the said couits when exercising their ')
jurisdiction as circuit and district courts of the 1
United States; he shall perform the duties, be sub-
ject to the same regulation and penalties, and be
entitled to the same fees as the marshal of the dis-
trict court of the United States for the present
Territory of Utah, and shall, in addition, be paid
two hundred dollais annually as a compensation
for extra services.
Sec. 12. And he il further enucted* That the
Governor, secretary, chief justice, and associate
justices, attorney, and marshal, ahull be nomtna- ||
ted, and, by and with the advice and consent of!
the Senate, appointed by the President of the j
United States. The Governor and secretary to ,
be appointed, as aforesaid, shall, before they net ;
as such, respectively take an oath or affirmation ;
before the district judge or some justice of the ;
peace in the limits of said Territory, duly author- |
ized to administer oaths and affirmations by the |
laws now in force therein, or before the chief jus-
tice, or some associate justice of th«> Supieme
Court of the United States, to support the Consti- j
tution of the United States, and faithfully to dis- !
charge the duties of their respective ofKces, which j
said oaths, when so taken, shall he certified by I
the person by whom the same shall have been |
taken; and such certificates shall be received and !
recorded by the said secretary among the execu- !
tive proceedings; and the chief justice and asso- !
ciate justices, and all other civil officers in said j
Territory, before they act as such, shall take a j
like oath or affirmation before the said Governor I
or secretary, or some judge or justice of the peace
of the Territory, who may be duly commissioned
and qualified, which said oath or affirmation shall
be certified and transmitted by the person taking
the same to the secretary, to be by him recorded as
aforesaid; and, afterwards, the like oath oraffirm-
ation shall be taken, .certified, and recorded, in
such manner and form as may be prescribed by
law. The Governor shall receive an annual salary
of two thousand five hundred dollars. The chief
justice and associate justices shall each receive an
annual salary of two thousand dollars. The sec-
retary shah receive an annual salary of two thou-
sand dollars. The said salaries shall be paid
quarter-yearly, from the dates of the respective
appointments, at the Treasury of the United
States; but no such payment shall be made until
said officers shall have entered upon the duties of
their respective appointments. The members of
the Legislative Assembly shall be entitled to re-
ceive three dollars each per day during their
attendance at the sessions thereof, and three dol-
lars each for every twenty miles' travel in going
to and returning from the said sessions, estimated
according to the nearest usually traveled route;
and an additional allowance of three dollars shall
be paid to the presiding officer of each House for
each day he shall so preside. And a chief clerk,
one assistant clerk, a sergeant-at-arms, and door-
keeper, may be chosen for each House; und the
chief clerk shall receive four dollars per day, and
the said other officers three dollars perday, during
the session of the Legislative Assembly; but no
other officers shall be paid by the United States:
Provided, That there shall be but one session of
the Legislature annually, unless, on an extraordi-
nary occasion, the Governor shall think proper
to call the Legislature together. There shall be
appropuated, annually, the usual sum, u> be ex-
pended by the Governor, to defray the contingent
expenses of the Territory, including the salary of
a clerk of the executive department; and there
shall also be appropriated, annually, a sufficient
sum, to be expended by the secretary of the Ter-
ritory, and upon an'estimate to be made by the
Secretary of the Treasury of the United States, to
defray the expenses of the Legislative Assembly,
the printing of the laws, and other incidental ex-
penses; and the Governor and secretary of the
Treasury shall, in the disbursement of nil moneys
intrusted to them, be governed solely by the in-
structions of the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States, and shall, semi-annually, account
to the said Secretary for the mannpr in which th£
aforesaid moneys shall have been expended; and
no expenditure shall be made by said Legislative
Assembly for objects not specially authorized by
the acts of Congress making the appropriations,
nor beyond the sums thus appropriated for such
objects.
Sec. l'J. And he it fiu ther enacted, That the Le-
gislative Assembly of the Territory of Nebraska
shall hold its fiist session at sucn time and place
in said Territory as the Governor thereof shall
appoint and direct; and at said first session, or
as soon theieafteras they shall deem expedient,
the Governor and Legislative Assembly shall pro-
ceed to locate and establish the seat of government
for said Territory at such place as they may deem
eligible; which place, however, shall thereafter be
subject to be changed by the said Governor and
Legislative Assembly.
Sec. 14. And he it farther cnacted, That a Dele-
gate to the House of ilepiesentatives of the United
State*), to serve for the term of two years, who
shall be a citizen of the United States, may be
elected by the voters qualified to elect members of
the Legislative Assembly, who shall be entitled to
the same rights and privileges as are exercised and
enjoyed by the Delegates from the several other
Territories of the United States to the said House
of Representatives; but the Delegate first elected
shall hold his seat only during the term of the
Congress to which he shall be elected. The first
election shall be held at such time and places, and
be conducted in such manner, as the Governor
shall appoint and direct; and, at all subsequent
elections, the times, places, and manner of hold-
ing the elections, shall be prescribed by law.* The
person having the greatest number of votes shall
be declared by the Governor to be duly elected;
and a certificate thereof shall be given accord-
ingly. That the Constitution,and all the laws of
the United States which are not locally inapplica-
ble, shall have the same force and effect within the
said Territory of Nebraska as elsewhere within
the United States, except the eighth section of the
act preparatory to the admission of Missouri into
the Union, approved March sixth, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty, which, being inconsistent with
the principle of non-intervention by Congiess with
slavery in the Stales and Territories, as recognized
by the legislation of eighteen hundred and fifty,
! commonly called the compromise measures, is
j hereby declared inoperative and void; it being the
I true intent and meaning of this act not to legislate
i slavery into any Territory or State, nor to exclude
I it therefrom, but to leave the people thereof per-
' fectly free to form and regulate their domestic
\ institutions in their own way, subject only to the
; Constitution of the United States; Provided} That
] nothing herein contained shall be construed to
' revive or put in force any law or regulation which
i may have existed prior to the act of sixth March,
i eighteen hundred and twenty, either protecting,
j establishing, prohibiting, or abolishing slavery.
! Sec 15. And be it further enacted, That there
shall hereafter be appropriated, as has been cus-
tomary for the territorial governments, a suffi-
cient amount, to be expended under the direction
of the said Governor of theTerritory of Nebraska,
not exceeding the sums heretofore appropriated
for similar objects, for the erection of suitable
public buildings at the seat of government, and for
the purchase of a library, to be kept at the seat of
government for the use of the Governor, Legisla-
tive Assemhly, judges of the supreme court, sec-
retary, marshal, and attorney of said Territory,
and such other persons, and under such regula-
tions, as shall be prescribed by law.
Sec. 16. Jlnd he it fwither enacted, That when
the lands m the said Territory shall be surveyed
under the direction of the Government of the
United States, preparatory to bringing the same
into market, sections numbered sixteen and thir-
ty-six in each township m said Territory shall
be, and the same are hereby, reserved for the
purpose of being applied to schools m said Terri-
tory, and in the States and Territories hereafter
to be erected out of the same.
Sec. 17. Jlnd he it further enacted, That until
otherwise provided by law, the Governor of said
Territory may define the judicial districts of said
Territory, and assign the judges who may be ap-
pointed for said Territory to the several districts;
and also appoint the times and places for holding
courts in the several counties or subdivisions in
each of said judicial districts by proclamation, to
be issued by him; but the Legislative Assembly,
at their first or any subsequent session, may or-
ganize, alter, or modify such judicial districts,and
assign the judges, and alter the times and places
of holding the courts, as to them shall seem proper
and convenient.
Skc. lb. And he, it further enacted, That nil offi-
cers to be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, for the
Territory of Nebraska, who, by virtue of the
provisions of any law now existing, or which
may be enacted during the present Congress, are
required to give security for moneys that may be
intrusted with them for disbursement, shall give
such security, at such time and place, and in such
manner, as the Secretary of the Treasury may
prescribe.
Sec. 19. And he it further enacted, That all that
part of the territory of the United States included
within the following limits, except such portions
thereof as ai e hereinafter expressly exempted from
the operations of this act, to wit: beginning at a
pomton the western boundary of theState of Mis-
souri, where the thirty-seventh parallel of north
latitude crosses the same; thence weston said par-
allel to the eastern boundary of New Mexico;
thence north on said boundary to latitude thirty-
eight; thence following said boundary westward
to the east boundary of the Territory of Utah, on
the summit of the Rocky Mountains; thence
northward on said summit to the fortieth parallel
of latitude; thence east on said parallel to the west-
ern boundary of the State of Missouri; thence
south with the western boundary of said State to
the place of beginning, be, and the same is hereby,
created into a temporary government by the name
of theTerritory of Kansas; and when admitted
as a State or States, the said Territory, or any
portion of the same, shall be received into the
Union with or without slavery, as their constitu-
