1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. PRESTON. Mr. Chairman, I move to
amend by inserting after the amendment as amend-
ed that 110 salary shall be paid to any Superin-
tendent that shall exceed one thousand dollars per
annum.
Mr. HOUSTON. I make a point of order on
my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Preston.] I be-
lieve that it has been universally ruled that a gen-
tleman is not permitted to amand or propose to
amend his own amendment. I do that for the pur-
pose of getting along with the business before us.
Mr. PRESTON. I would simply state that I
conceive I understand the rule, and that I do not
propose to violate it. This amendment has been
twice amended, and in no sense can it be called
mine, any more than it can be called that of any
other gentleman in the House.
The CHAIRMAN. It is the usual decision of
the Chair on this point, that 110 person is allowed
to amend his own amendment.
Mr. ORR. Will U be in order, Mr. Chairman,
now to move to reduce the appropriation for the
Louisville custom-house to one dollar?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes; that amendment will
be in order.
Mr. ORR. Well, thon, I propose to amend
the amendment by reducing the appropriation for
the Louisville custom-house to one dollar, and
I do so to allow the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Preston] to be also heard in reply to the
question propounded to him. When this debate
occurred first, a month ago, on the deficiency bill,
I understood the gentleman from Kentucky to
state on the floor that contracts had been made by
the former Secretary of the Treasury to complete
the custom-house at Louisvilie for the sum of
money which was originally appropriated for that
purpose; and that when the present Secretary of
the Treasury was installed into office, this con-
tract was canceled, thereby conveying the im-
pression that, for some cause or other, under the
administration of the present Secretary of the
Treasury, a sum of forty or fifty thousand dollars
was needed to complete the building. Did I un-
derstand the gentleman from Kentucky correctly
in that respect?
Mr. PRESTON. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man did not understand me correctly; and if he
will permit me, I will recapitulate what I stated in
my former remarks. I stated last year in this
House that the sum of $75,000 appropriated for
the construction of the custom-house at Louis-
ville was not sufficient; and that the Secretary of
the Treasury had informed me that he had re-
ceived a bid amounting to $162,742, for which the
o.ustom-housecould becompleted. I moved for that
amount, and it was granted last year; but the pres-
ent Secretary did not accept those bids. The
subsequent rise in the price of labor and materials,
in the interim, had increased the subsequent bids.
The amount between the present iettings and the
old constitutes the difference which the Secretary
now asks.
Mr. ORR, (interrupting.) No contracts were
then made:
Mr. PRESTON. None at all. Bids were made,
but no contracts by the former Secretary.
Mr. ORR. t misunderstood the gentleman, for
1 understood him to say that contracts had been
made; and sir, if I had understood the gentleman
correctly, at least that appropriation for Louisville
should not be voted.
I voted against all these custom-house and ma-
rine hospital appropriations on a former occasion,
when the first bill was under consideration. 1
was one of those who voted against the passage
of that deficiency bill; and if those appropriations
are put upon this bill, 1 shall vote against ita sec-
ond time, and assist to defeat it. I do not think
the deficiency bill should be encumbered with
them 1 believe they are unnecessarily large and
extravagant, in many instances; and 1 am of opin-
ion furthermore that our Executive officers should
begin to learn that the will of Coneress should be
consulted when they are expending the public
money, rather lhan their own caprices. When
Congress makes appropriations, and in making ;
them declares that the sums so appropriated shall ;
complete the buildings, ihe oilicers who have :
charge of the disbursement should make the con- ;
tracts accordingly. ;
On that account I shall vote now against all
these sums on actual and projected contracts for
additional work on the buildings, believing that
the will of Congress, as expressed through the
two Houses, should be respected by the Execu-
tive officers. 1 think the gentlemen who usually
sit upon this side of the House, ought to vote'
against putting these appropriations in the defi-
ciency bill. I think they ough t to pass the deficiency
bill proper, and relieve such persons as are now
suffering at the hands of the Shylocks for the want
of the money justly due them by the Government,
and also to relieve the different branches of the
public service from the straightened circumstances
in which they find themselves; and then, if the
custom-house appropriations have strength enough
to go through, let them be put through independ-
ently, and apart from this bill.
Eighty gentlemen voted before to put these cus-
tom-house appropriations upon the deficiency bill.
After loading it down by their votes, did they
stand by their bantling and sustain it? No, sir;
when they had encumbered it by their votes, they
left it to the fate which its enemies visited on it—
less than fifty of the eighty who voted for the pas-
sage of custom-house appropriations, voted for the
bill on its final passage; and hence its defeat. I
suggest to the gentlemen upon this side of the
House, that if they expect to pass this bill they
should keep it unencumbered with custom-house
and all other appropriations not belonging legiti-
mately to a deficiency bill. If the friends of such
appropriations have strength enough afterwards to
pass that bill, let them unite and do it.
I believe, if unfortunately they shall succeed in
putting the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Preston] in this bill, we will not
succeed in passing the deficiency bill before the
first of July. 1 trust, therefore, that the amend-
ment will be rejected, if the Democrats here expect
to pass the deficiency bill.
An extravagant President has transmitted extrava-
gant estimates from an extravagant Secretary, in
order to erect extravagant and unnecessary works;
or let them come up like the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Wentworth,] who represents Chi-
cago, with more dexterity and more good sense
than most have exhibited, and say that they will
not raise any such issue, and that they will vote
what the Government asks.
But my colleague tells us that the appropria-
tion of §530,000 was carried by three or four votes
more thap the custom-houses. 1 always thought
that a majority was a majority; and I conceive
that the vote on the custom-houses should have
been regarded by the committee to be as expres-
sive of the wishes of the House as the vote on
the assay office 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken, on Mr. Oer's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to
amend the amendment by adding ten dollars to
the appropriation at Cincinnati.
I have listened in vain, Mr. Chairman, for any
argument or sufficient reason against adopting the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Preston.] This is a deficiency bill. I
Would inquire whether the appropriations now
asked" for are not deficiencies, and are they not
in order ? Are they not proper to be placed in
this bill, if they are to be passed anywhere? This
bill, as reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means, contained an appropriation for an assay
office or building in the city of New York, an ap-
propriation of the same general character as those
now asked for. - An appropriation for a custom-
house in the city of Providence is also provided
form the bill. Inasmuch as there are three ap-
Mr. PRESTON. 1 am opposed to the amend- ji propriations for buildings of this character, why
ment offered hy the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Orr.]
I have not been willing to pursue the course
indicated by the gentleman from the Committee
of Ways and Means, my colleague from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Breckinridge,] who has the peculiar
management of this bill. Now, sir, I do not know
that there is any reason why members on this side
of the House should unite with the Administra- '
tion and the Secretary, nor do I know why mem-
bers upon the other side of this House should
attack the measures recommended by the Admin-
istration or the Secretary. Carolina and Virginia
seem to join in opposition; and there may be
dissensions in. the Democratic party of which I
know nothing; but I trust that this cannot con-
stitute a good reason for the attempts of gentlemen
to muster the whole Democratic party to crush
this bill.
How did the committee report these bills ? The
first they reported as a deficiency bill, and the
second as a custom-house bill, and the gentlemen i
were not other appropriations of alike character,
I desire to ask, included in the deficiency bill ?
Was there any reason why they were not so in-
cluded ?
It has been said that the former deficiency bill
was lost because of these appropriations for cus-
tom-houses. What authority has any gentleman
to say this? After every one of these amend-
| ments was discussed and considered in the House
seriatim, every one of them adopted in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and most of them adopted in
the House upon the yeas and nays, ana after
having passed the ordeal twice, I ask by what
authority and right gentlemen say that the defi-
ciency bill was defeated because of these amend-
ments?
Sir, the evidence is against it. TKe evidence
goes more strongly to show that there were other
matters in that deficiency bill which were objec-
tionable; that there were matters which were re-
ported by the Committee of Ways and A^eans
which were read at the Clerk's desdc without
I, say all the provisions of each are right. Their Sec-|| attracting the attention of any one, but which,
retary has reported these as deficiencies in the cus- ! when they came to be maturely considered, were
tom-house appropriations. How (lid we get these | obnoxious to objection; and, on account of these
r appropriations last year? In the deficiency bill. !i matters, the bill was defeated on its final passage,
j What is there wrong in putting them in it now ? j! That is the evidence which stands upon the record,
i And what object is there in putting them into a ,! The record shows conclusively that the majority
j separate bill this year, unless it be ill order to de- !j have twice said that each of these ought to be
! feat the custom-house appropriations. I want gen-jj retained in the bill. _ If this position be correct;
| tlemen upon the other side to promise positively „ if a majority of this House_ have decided that
j and definitively that they will pass the custom- ij these custom-house appropriations ought to be
house bill, yet we can extract none; are they, then, jj made, then why not adopt the amendment of the
| in that situation that they desire to " keep the word 11 gentleman from Kentucky, and insert these appro-
j of promise 10 the ear, and break it to the hope?" We ij priationsin this bill? Why place them in another
claim the right to putin this amendment for these < hl1" Whir ov, with nil these discussions
1 custom-houses, as was done last year, and as has
1 been the custom in former years, and there is no , _ ,
legislative or parliamentary impropriety m doing ; saving of the public time by providing for these
so, and the Chair cannot declare that it is im- j custom-houses and marine hospitals now? What
proper to put it in here as an addition to the defi- jj
ciencv bill. jj
But, sir, I do not desire to protract debate. If jj
there is not force enough to carry the measure, let ij
; it perish. I am ready to come to the test. 1 am ji
ready to rest the matter with the Democracy of the ji
; House. 1 am as ready as any Democrat to let this j[
: House decide between the Administration and the ;j
committee; and if they want to stamp as unjust jl
[expenditures and unwise recommendations the jj
> estimates for deficiencies made by their own Presi-
1 dent and their own Secretary, it is not for my
\ expunging hand to remove the stain the committee
I seeks to imprint upon them. Let them make the
j reckoning with the country. Let thera say that
bill? Why go over with all these discussions
again ? Do we not understand it now as well as
we shall then ? Shall we not accomplish a great
''   '—'ir these
What
then is the objection? The Secretary of the
Treasury has reported in favor pf these meas-
ures.
And let me say, further, that the deficiency bill
which was defeated the o'her day was the clean-
est deficiency bill which was ever passed by the
House of Representatives. I venture to say that
no bill of that character ever passed the House,
or ever passed the Congress of the United States,
without containing more than jjlO.OOO not recom-
J mended by any Department 01' the Government.
1 But what was the fact 111 reference to the bill which
I was lost the other day? Not a single item did it
] contain which had not received the sanction and
! recommendation of the Secretary of the Treasury,
