1374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
dispense with the reading of the Journal, when it
contains nothing else, and the reading: of which
would consume from an hour to an hour and a
half? In order that we may proceed to business,
and save time, I move that the further reading of
the Journal be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER,. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
No "objection being made, the further reading
of the Journal was accordingly dispensed with.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of a motion to suspend the
rules of the House for the purpose of allowing the
gentleman'from New York [Mr. Walbridge] to
introduce a resolution, offered by him some two
weeks since, in reference to fixing the day for
the final adjournment of Congress.
Mr. ORR. As that resolution is one of some
importance, and with the view of having a full
House for its consideration, I move that there be
a call of the House.
Mr. MACE. 1 rise to a privileged question. I
desire to make a partial report from the Commit-
tee on Rules, and I send it to the Clerk's table.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Rules,
under the rules of the House, can report at any
time; but the present proposition is to suspend
those rules, and therefore the report of the gentle-
man would not take precedence of the privileged
question which is pending.
The question was th en taken on the motion that
there be a call of the House; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
The roll of the House was then called, and one
.hundred and thirty-nine members answered to
their names.
The following is a list of the absentees:
Messrs. David .). Bailey, Thomas II. IJavly, ftank«,
Barksdale, Bell, Hennott, I'eiiion, Bi^i II, Cha^e,
Chuiehu ell, (Milium, Cuntimii", Ciuttnu:, TIi'hims
Bnvj*, Dean, IV Witt, Dickinson, Duuey, K.wmiHit, Eddy,
Kdgertini, F.uU-y. Faulkner, Fenton, Flakier, Florence,
Franklin, Grey, Glow, Sampsom VV. Ilari -«, Wiley P.
IlariH, Ilnnifoi), Hibburd, Daniel T. Jones, Kcill, Keir,
Kuiwcl), Kniredge, Kurt/, Lane, Lilly, LtruNlev, Lvoti,
MeCulloeh, Me.V.nr. Mr(iueen, MNiey, Maite-on, Mauriee,
May all, Meaeham, Middle?,\v;<i th. Morn-on, Noble, I'aeUer,
JVokhniH, Bi-ho|i Peikin*., lotui Perkins, Phillip*., Powell,
Piatt, Proton. Pmyeai, Reese, Richardson, Rmvc, ltnC-
fw, Sapp, Sewiiniii Shannon, Shower, Simmons Samuel
A. Smith, Si.Her*, Sfraub. David Small, lohn J- Taylor,
Tracy, T>vc( d. Vansanf, Wade, Walker, Walsh, Klltliu 15.
Wasbburne, U'elK John Weutwoilh, Wheeler, Witte,
Dainol B. Wriylu, Yates, and Zollieoffer.
Mr. ORR. I move that all further proceedings
in the call be dispensed with.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion to suspend the rule**, for the purpose
of introducing the resolution, which will be re-
ported by the Cleik.
The resolution was read, as follows:
" Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the President
of tin* Senate, and tie* Speaker of the liou<e of Uoprexent-
a'lve-i adjourn their re pe<Mive Iloti^o^ sine die on Mon-
day, the thud ol July next, at twelve o'eioi k, in."
Mr. ORR. I would inquire of the Chair if that
resolution will be amendable if the rules are sus-
pended for its introduction*
The SPEAKER. It will he.
Mr. ORR. I then give notice that I shall move
to amend it by striking out Monday, the 3d of
July next," and inserting in lieu theieof "Wed-
nesday, the 9 h of August, "
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot vote to suspend
the rules for the admission of that resolution. 1
should like to have the gentleman who intioduced
it modify jt lu-foue the question is put, and that he
shall make the day of adjournment the 15th day
•of Augusj He has the right to do that.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
suspension of the rules, and it is not debatable.
Mr. HlLLYER. 1 merely wish to give notice
that if the rules are suspended, I shall move to
amend the resolution offered by the gentleman
from New York, so as to make the present Con-
gi ers  adjourn on the^rst Monday of August next,
and to fix the permare^t day for the meeting of
Congress hereafter the third Monday of October
3 n s r fv d of the first Monday in December.
Mi'. SK ELTON. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. ORR. Peihaps we can suspend the rules
.without the yeas and nays; and I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw the call until we take the atees-
tion.
Mr. SKELTON. I withdraw my call.
The question being put, and there appearing
only twenty-four membe<s in the affirmative,
Mr. COBB called for the yeas and nays, and
tellers upon the same.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McMullin
and Vail were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
29 in the affirmative, (more than one fifth of those
present.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules; and there were—yeas 104, nays
38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, Appleton, A«he,
Ball, Barry, Bell, Benson, Bridges, Brooks, Bugg, Camp-
bell, Carpenter. Caruiiier-9, Chandler, Clia-tmn, Chrisman,
Ohnyman, Colquiu, Cook. Oorvvtn, Cox, Crocker, CurtH,
Cutting, John G Davis, Onw o ), Dent, Dick, Dowdell,
Drum. Dunbar, Dunham, Edinauds Edmundsun, Thomas
D Eliot, John M. Elliott, Ellison, En^li^h, Etlieridge,
Everhart, Ewins, Fuller, Gamble, Giddings, Goodnch,
Greenwood Hamilton, Aaron llailan, Andrew J Harlan,
M/i^nnus, Haven, Hendricks Hie-der, Hill, Hifljcr, Howe,
Hughes. Hunr, Johnson, Knox, Lamb, Latham, Luuiley,
McDoitgall, MayaH, Meaeham, John (J. Miller. Smith Mil-
ler, Moiyan, uoirison, Murray,Norton, Olds, Andrew < Hi-
ver, Moidecai Oliver, On. Packer, Pennington, Phelps,
Prutirle, Ready, David Ruchie, Thomas Ritehev, Robhins,
Russell, Sa<re, Sapp, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
Georce W. Sm>th, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stan-
ion, Alexander 11. Stephens, Stratum, John L. Tayloi,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tiour, Walbudgo, Walley, Warren,
Israel Washburn, Tappan Weutworih, and Hendrick B.
Wright—104.
NWS—Messr«. James C- Allen, Belcher, Bocock,
Boyee, Bn ckirnidi es Caskic, Chambeilam, Clark, Cobb,
Goode, Ibinn, Houston, fnger-oll, George W. Jone**, J.
Glancv Join;'-, Roland Junes, Loteher, MoMullin, Mace,
Maxwell, May, Mtllson, Nichols, Riddle, Rogers, Rutfin,
Sabin, Seward, Shaw, Singleton, Skelton, Gerrit Sinith,
Hestor L. Steven^, Siraub, Andrew Stuart, Thurston, Up-
hain, and Vail—.J8.
So two thirds having voted in the afRnimtive,
the rules were suspended.
Mr. WALBRIDGE For the purpose of meet-
ing the wishes of a large ry^rnber of gentlemen
around me, I now propose to modify my resolu-
tion by striking out the 3d of July and inserting
the 17'h of that month; and also to add that the
two Houses convene again on the first Monday of
November next. r
[Cries of " No!" " No !" all over the House.]
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Very well, I will then
leave it so as to provide for an adjournment sine
die on the 17th of July.
Mr. ORLl. I move to amend the resolution by
striking out " the 17th of July" and inserting
Wednesday, the Oth day of August."
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest to
the gentleman from New York, that it is scarcely
in his power to modify his resolution after having
been introduced by a suspension of the rules. He
may accomplish his purpose by moving to amend
it, but he has not the ri^ht to modify it. *
Mr. WALBRIDGE. 1 then submit the prop-
osition I have indicated as an amendment.
Mr. ORR. 1 then oiler my proposition as an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
fiom New York. I move to strike out whatever
day is there named, and to insert in lieu thereof
" Wednesday, the 9th day of August."
Mr. HAVEN. 1 ask the gentleman from South
Carolina to yield me the floor.
Mr. ORR. I ask the Speaker whether the reso-
lution is debatable? If it is, I will yield to the
gentleman from New York temporarily.
The SPEAIvKR. It is debatable.
Mr. HAVEN. I desned the floor for the pur-
pose of submitting a proposition m reference to
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
gentleman from New Yotk that there are already
twe amendments pending—an amendmentofTered
by the gentleman from New York, and an amend-
ment to the amendment offered by the gentleman
from South Carolina. No proposition further
to amend will, therefore, be m order. The gen-
tleman from New York proposes to strike out the
3d of July and to insert the 17:h; and the gentle-
man from South Carolina moves to strike out the
17th of Juiv snd to insert the 9th of August.
Mr. HAVEN. Will the gentleman from South
Carolina yield me the floor, so that I may submit
an explanation, and such a motion as may be in
order? 1 shall not occupy more than two min-
utes.
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman please indicate
what motion he proposes to submit?
Mr. HAVEN. It is one in reference to the
resolution.
Mr. ORR. If I properly understand the state
of the question before the House, no further
;j amendment is in order. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Walbridge] proposes to amend
' the resolution. 1 propose to" amend the amend-
;j ment. Another proposition to amend would be
|, in the third degree, and therefore not in order, i
i; do not perceive how the gentleman from New
|j York [Mr. Haven] can subserve the purpose he
has in view, even should I yield him the floor.
Mr. HAVEN. If I cannot make a motion that
is properly in order, 1 shall at once yield the floor
to the gentleman.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would make a single sug-
gestion by the gentleman's permission. The res-
olution is now in a condition to prevent the sub-
mission of further amendments. I would like the
gentleman ftom South Carolina to m-odify his
amendment, so as to fix the time at 15th of Au-
gust. My preference is for a later day, but still
1 am willing to compromise with the gentleman on
the 15th.
Mr. MelVfULLTN. With the permission of
the gentleman fiom South Carolina, I would in-
quire of the Chair whether the question is not.
divisible? Have I not the right to call for a divis-
ion on the motion to strike out?
The SPEAKER. A motion to strike out and
insert is not divisible by express rule.
Mr. ORR. If the resolution be adopted, modi-
fied as indicated, we s%hall have two months lack-
ing a few days. In that time we can finish all
business necessary and proper to be finished. I
think that the time from now till the 9th of Awgust
is ample; and if there be a majority of the House
concurring with me, it will sustain the demand for
the previous question which I now make.
Mr. HAVEN. I would lik'e to be heard a
moment. Will not the gentleman from South
Cuiohna withdraw his call for the previous ques-
tion for two minutes so that somebody on this
side of the House may be heard?
Mr. ORR I withdraw my call for the previous
question, temporarily, so that the gentleman from
New York may make his explanation.
Mr. HAVEN. I shall not abuse the gentle-
man's favor. I desire to move as a substitute for
the resolution, the joint resolution which has been
sent down to us from the Senate. This one thing
I will say in regard to the matter: The Senate has
kindly olfered us that resolution. It was, to some
extent, ex gratia on its part. The condition of the
appropriation bills is such that the Senate would
have the right to complain if we undertook to send
it a new proposition. We have not given it the
time it ought to have to act on these bills. If we
take the proposition sent in to us, it will not have
the right to complain. We may take the proposition
and say—gentlemen we take you at your word
and will go to work, and between this and the
third day of July, accomplish the same amount of
work that would he accomplished, under the reso-
lution of the gentleman from South Carolina, be-
tween this and the first Monday in August. Fix
a time for the adjournment, and my word for it,
all the necessary work will be done. I will only
add, from what I have seen m my experience in
these matters—I do not say it unkindly of the
House—that 1 am inclined to think, from our past
action, that the House has got into thatcondition of
demoralization in reference to legislation in which
we shall not effect any valuable purpose until we
have separated and come together again at some
future day. If it be in order, I move the Senate
joint resolution as a substitute for the gentleman'a
resolution. *
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move as
an amendment any bill pending before the House.
The resolution passed by the Senate is now before
this House, and cannot be offered as an amend-
ment, unless it is modified in someway by chang-
ing the day or week.
Mr. HAVEN. I seethe propriety of the de-
cision of the Chair. I will take the language of
the joint resolution, and insert the 4th of July
instead of the 3d.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the gentleman from South Carolina as yielding
the floor to the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Haven] to offer an amendment?
