1854.
TgE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
(•>
Mr. HAVEN. The gentleman from South
Carolina yielded me the floor unconditionally.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair understood the
gentleman from South Carolina as yielding the
floor temporarily.
Mr. OUR. -I said, at the time, that I yielded
the floor temporarily.
Mr. HAVEN. I would inquire if the gentle-
man from South Carolina intends to avail himself
of the rule, so as to cut off my right to offer a
substitute ?
Mr. OUR. I will answer the question pro-
pounded by my friend from New York. The
principal inducement that operated upon my mind
to vote for a suspension of the rules, v*as "to take
up this resolution, with a view of avoiding the
proposition that was sent to us from the Senate.
I am myself opposed to the proposition that this
Congress should take a recess; for such a thing is
unprecedented in the history of this Government.
I think we should pursue the usual course of fix-
ing the day of adjournment, and that this would
be the earliest defeat which we could reasonably
anticipate finishing the public business. It would
not be proper for me to yield the floor for the pur-
pose of enabling a proposition to come in which
I desire to defeat.
I propose now to withdraw the modification
which I submitted, and to oiler the following res-
olution as a substitute, which proposes to fix,
instead of the 14th of August, the hour of the day
at which the House shall adjourn, an omission in
the preceding resolution, which escaped my atten-
tion, and to which my attention was directed by
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
Mr. HILLYER. I hope the gentleman from
South Carolina will yield me the floor for a mo-
ment.
Mr. ORR. I will yield the floor to the gentle-
man.
Mr. 1ULLYER. If it be in order, I wish to
■offer an amendment to the resolution now before
the House. I do not intend to detain the House
in discussing the substitute which I propose to
offer. I apprehend the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] can have no objection to it,
as it will not preclude a vote upon the resolution
offered by Inm The substitute which I propose
to offer is the following.
Resolved, (the Sen-ite concurring,) That the President of
tlie Semite and the Speaker of tin; House of Ropre-enfa-
tives adjourn their respective Houses on the fu-t Monday
in August next, and that hereafter the day appointed by
Juw lor the assembling of Congress shrtil tie on tiu* thud
Monday in October, in each year, instead of the llr^t Mon-
day of December.
Mr. ORR. Before the House proceeds further
in the disposition of this matter, I submit to the
Chair this question of order: that the substitute
proposed by the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Hillyer] is not in order as a substitute to the res-
olution now pending. If tins subMiiute were
adopted, it would be necessary for it to be'lmd be-
fore the President for his sanction before it could
be carried into effect.
The SPEAKER The question of order made
by the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr]
is well taken. If the substitute proposed by the
gentleman from Georgia wdre agreed to, the reso-
lution would have to go to the President for his
approval. This, on reflection* would change the
whole character of the original resolution. It is
competent for the two Houses to pass a joint res-
olution fixing the day of adjournment of the present
session of Congress; but it is not competent for
the two Houses, without the approval and signa-
ture of the President, to change the period of the
annual meeting of Congress.
Mr. HILLYER. Well, I hope that the reso-
lution of the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Orr] will be voted down by the House.
Mr. ORR. I ask the previous question on the
resolution.
Mr. SEWARD. T move to lay the substitute
of the gentleman from South Carolina on the table.
Mr. McMULLIN addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
South Carolina withdraw his call for the previous
question, and yield to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. McMullin?]
Mr. ORR. I do not wish to be discourteous to
the gentleman from Virginia, i therefore with-
draw my call for the previous question tempo-
rarily, tor the purpose of permitting the gentleman
to make any suggestion he may desire.
Mr. McMULLIN. I merely want.to make a
suggestion.
It occurs to me, that if gentlemen will only con-
sent, one and all, to go to work as we ought to
do, and as we are capable of doing, we could do
much more business than we can transact in this
way, getting up or adopting resolutions of this
kind fixing days for adjournment. My expen-
ence, m this respect, is, that whenever we fix a
day for an adjournment, there is a constant rufeh
by gentlemen who happen to have bills pending
in which tkey are particularly interested, to get
these particular bills disposed of.
Now, I beg gentlemen to recollect that we have
occupied a vast deal of the time of this Congress
m discussing a question rof general character. 1
tfllude to the Nebraska bill. There is, however,
now before the House a vast amount of business
of a private character—business in which the in-
terests of almost every State in the Union are in-
volved. There are many bills of a local character
pending. And we have not yet appropriated a
single d;iy to the consideration of these private
hills. 1 do not agree with the gentleman fiom
New York, [Mr. Haven,] that we owe anything
to the Senate for making this proposition to us.
I think the public interests would be better served
if we should go to work really, and in earnest;
and when we shall have placed the public business
in such a condition as that it will justify our ad-
journing, then let us adjourn.
I intended at a proper time to nfcfcve to lay this
whole subject on the table. It would be discour-
teous to the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Orr,] who yielded me the floor, to do so now; but
I give notice that when the subject comes to that
point wheie I may legitimately make such a mo-
tion, I shall move to lay the whole matter on the
table.
The SPEAKER..* Tlie gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Seward] has submitted a motion to lay
on the table the substitute pioposed by the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Our.] This is
the 111st. motion to be disposed of.
Mr. SEWARD.* I withdraw that motion.
, Mr. ORR. I think, Mr. Speaker, that I have
manifested quite enough of a disposition to accom-
modate all my friends on both sides of the ques-
tion. I now demand the previous question. And
if the House concur with me, they will second it.
The question was put on seconding the demand
for the previous question. The Speaker an-
nounced forty-one membeis rising.
Mr ORR demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Orr were appointed.
Tlie question was then taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 52, noes not counted; nota sufficient
number.
So the previous question whs not sustained.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 believe I may, with some
confidence, appeal to gentlemen m all parts of the
House, for my sincerity, when I way I have as
strong a desire as any fiir minded member here,
to see the business of the country properly trans-
acted. 1 am willing to make as many personal
sacrifices, and submit to aa. great inconveni-
ence as any other gentleman, bm, it is only upon
i the ground that I have been impressed with the
idea, that if we set here, in most we do we sha\J
but Keep the country in a state of turmoil and un-
easiness without making any advance whatever
in the public busmeKs---ihat I am m favor of taking
theearliestpossibleday for going home to our con-
stituents, and, if necessary, of meeting again in
a better business frame of mind in the fall. There
is a propriety, yea, an absolute necessity for dis-
posing of the appropriation bills, and if I had the
matter in my own hand, I would fix the middle or
the latter part of July as the time for adjournment.
But that is not the question. The Senate have
made us an offer. They have told us that their
business is in such a condition that they can af-
ford to adjourn at the time indicated in their reso-
lution . They have told us thnf, with a knowledge
upon their part of the condition of the appropri-
ation bills and other business m this House. I
! think it right, and just, and fair, to meet them
' upon that giound, and to take tV-em at their woid.
[ for one am ready to do it. The pu! li- interest
will not suffer, but T think wili be promoted, by
concurring in the resolution of the Senate.
It has been suggested that there is a large
amount of private business on our Calendar, which
requires attention. I differ with gentlemen, if any
such there are, who Relieve that from this day for-
ward to the middle of August there will be any
business of importance transacted upon the Private
Calendar. Wtyg, sir, before we had been jaded
out by public service, during the laii, December
and January, and the whole six and a half months
which we have already consumed here, we have
been upon the Private Calendar but t^'o or three
times, at most but a very few times. Now we
are here, with this hot season upon us. Disease
is approaching, and the"cholera is abroad. Men
have been home, and are going home, and if we
shall have a quorum at all, hereafter, it will be a
lean, rickety, and staggering one, obtained only
by calls of tlie House, or scouring the city by the
Sergeant-at-Arms of the House, tor the purpose
of bringing members in. I, for one, want to do the
public work. My friends about me desire to do it.
I tender my whole services to do it. 1 have labored
faithfully to have it done; and I submit that the
most feasible way of doing it, is the one which I
have suggested; for no work will now be done,
until a day of adjournment is fixed. *You can, if
you will give your attention to it, pass between
this and tlie 4th of July, the appropriation bills.
The Senate will be satisfied wuh the time fixed.
But fix another time, and you will hear from them
again, and they will say that six and a half months
have already passed,and you have not sent us the
appropriation bills. Now that they have fixed a
time, with a knowledge of the present condition
of business m both Houses, let us put our shoul-
ders to the wheel, transact the public buLiness, and
adjourn on the 3d of July, i ask the House to
take the Senate resolution into consideration, and
if not that, then the proposition suggested by me
some time ago. *
Mr HENN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from New Yoik a question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that thegen'Iernan from New York should first
submit his proposition to writing.
M r. T AY JLO R, of Ohio. 1 desire to make ^single
suggestion, with thecorisentofthegentlema!n from
New York and the Hou«e. If the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Orr] will so modify his
proposition as to make the two Houses of Con-
gress adjourn on the first day of August, I will
cheerfully support the lesolution in that form. I
believe we can accomplish all the business which
it is neccssary for us to accomplish in six weeks,
and go home. I am opposed to taking a recess,
and 1 think the country is opposed to it. I hope
no proposition for taking a reces§ will be agreed
to by the House. I repeat, sir, that 1 think we
can accomplish all the necessary business of th&
session by the 1st of A ugust, and I hope we shall
adjourn at that time* and go home.
Mr. HENN. I wish to ask (hegentleman from
New Yen k, [Mr. Haven,] if his proposition, wtich
I understand to be, in substance, the same as the
resolution which has passed the Senate, is adopted,
whether we shall no' draw our per diem during the
recess? I understand the Comptroller of the
Treasury has so decided.
Mr. HAVEN, his precisely for the purpose of
correcting what 1 deem to be an erroneous impres-
sion upon that subject, that I have held the floor.
I will occupy the time of the House but a moment.
I wish to say that the resolution of the Senate i&
a resolution to adjourn, and not a resolution for a
recess, and it seems to me clearly, will not carry
with it the pay of the members from the time of
adjournment until the next meeting. K I thought
it would, f would add a provision to prevent such
a construction.
" Mr. HOUSTON. \ would suggest to thegen-
tleman from New York, that if the House ad journs
sine die on the 3d or 4th of July, it will not meet
again until the first Monday of December next.
Mr. HAVEN. That is the very thing thatthia
proposition is designed to change. 1 otfer it as a
joint resolution for the purpose of enabling us to
meet in October.
Mr. JONES. Then it mustgo to the President
for his signature, must it not?
Mr. H AVEN. Well, sir, it wirl save all ques-
tion on the subject, if it receives the signature of
the President. One word more and 1 have done.
I ask that the proposition which I have offered
may be read. jgy,, *
it was read by the Clerk, a« follows:
Resolved, (the Senate coaeurriflg) That the President o,f
