1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mw
precisely the same Situation; and I trust that in
the adoption of the principle which is so great a
favorite with the gentleman from Ohio, the House
will apply it t0 him, and give him the full benefit
of it-
Mr. WADE. I desire to say a word in reply
to the remarks of the eentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Richardson.] When the gentleman will
show me that railroads, to whrch the Government
has made appropriations of its funds so liberally ]
are all completed, with the exception of a little !
iron to be laid, or some other trifling labor or j
material without which it would be nearly or !
quite useless, and an appropriation to finish it ;
were recommended by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, [should probably vote for it, though I might
by 110 means be willing to do so as an original ]
proposition. But the gentleman from Illinois asks
me if I would leave this matter to a vote of the
people of the collection district in which the hos-
pital is located ? He puis this question in view
of the proposition I submitted the other day in
reference to the Minnesota railroad bill. To this
1 reply, that I would have no objection to that at
all, and would not care if, in this proposition, he
included the women also—indeed, I would, to this
extent, be a woman's rights man, and leave it to
5he women of that district if the gentliman would
desire so extensive an expression of the popular
policy on the subject. But 1 would say to the
gentleman over the way, who feels sore upon some
matters which took place the other day in refer-
ence to certain western railroads, that I voted
against those roads because I believed, and still
believe, that they would be injurious to the best
interests of the western country; and whoever
lives fifteen years from this time, 1 am fully per-
suaded, will then see that f am right.
I would say one thing further to gentlemen over
the way, that when, sometime hence, they know
me a little better than they now do, (though I
mean to be a very modest man,) they will un-
derstand that I give no vote for any measure
which my judgment and my conscience condemn,
for the sake of getting another vote for a measure
which my judgment and conscience approve.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 do not want to trade
with the gentleman.
Mr. WADE. No; and if he did he could not
do it. There is no analogy between these meas-
ures at all. Here is a hospital left unfinished,
needed for the seamen upon the northern lakes.
The Secretary of the Treasury has recommended
an appropriation to complete it. Now, does the
gentleman want to punish me for not voting in
favor of his railroad appropriations?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Not at all.
Mr. WADE. He will not punish me, but the
seamen upon the lakes, in whose welfare his con-
stituents are as much interested as are mine. The
gentleman from Illinois, I trust, will pardon me
when I say that I desire that he may under-
stand me better than he now seems to; and when
he does, he will be satisfied that he has only to
convince me that the West needs my vote on any
matter, within the range of constitutional power,
involving western interests, and it will beat his
or any other gentleman's command. Let the gen-
tleman satisfy me that these railroad grants are
not odious corporation monopolies, sheer land
speculations for the benefit of individuals, and I
am with him. I am in the West, of the West,
and forthe West; but no more, I trust, than 1 am
for the wholeeountry, when I understand what its
iuteiests are.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Richardson; and it was not
agreed to.
■ The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs upon
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Preston.]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. 1 call for tellers upon
that amendment.
Mr. DISNEY. Before the question is taken 1
desire to offer an amendment, and I move to strike
out ten dollars from one of the appropriations.
I move the amendment. Mr. Chairman, for the
purpose of replying to what I understood to be a
statement of fact, made by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. .Tones.] 1 understood that gen-
tleman to state, without qualification and without
limit, that these custom-house appropriations were
asked for, not for the purpose of making the^e
buildings fire-proof, but to render them ornamental.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 said 1 believed
that would be the true issue.
Mr. DISNEY. I will never undertake to med-
dle with the belief of the gentleman. I only
propose to meddle with what I supposed to be a
statement of facts, volunteered by the gentleman.
But to illustrate i will speak of the custom-house
at Cincinnati. In that instance, the appropria-
tions heretofore made are sufficient to finish the
building according to the plan originally adopted;
and I state upon this floor, that whether this ad-
ditional appropriation begranted or not, the build-
ing will be finished upon that particular original
plan, and of the materials with which it was com-
menced to be built. He cannot be misunderstood
in this statement; but in justice to the Secretary of
the Treasury, and the statements which have been
made in regard to other cases, I should state that
when by the addition and aggregation of the vari-
ous bids for the completion of that building, it
was found that the amount exceeded the amount
appropriated for, the Secretary refused to enter
into the contracts. Let me refer back to the bids.
What was required of the architect was to re-
arrange the plans of the building jis well as to bring
the aggregate amount of the bids within the limits
of the appropriation made. It was done, and so
they stand. The building is now in progress of
completion, and will be completed according to that
particular plan. In thejudgmentof the Secretary,
the public interests require that that building should
be made fire-proof, and to do it an additional sum
of $40,000 will be required. So much by way of
vindication of the Secretary of the Treasury, whose
whole course with regard to these buildings seems
to have been misunderstood by most of the gen-
tleman who have heretofore spoken in relation to
this matter.
Let me allude to one other matter, and I will
take my seat. Gentlemen have adverted to the
fact that appropriations for these custom-houses
were incorporated into the bill,"but that the bill
containing them finally failed. And why? There
is no secresyin the fact. Many gentlemen in this
House voted for the bill when it was so amended,
but because they saw the whole of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, with a single exception,
that of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Breckinridge,] voting against the bill itself, the
House then very properly turned tail, and went
with that committee against their own bantling. ,
When the Committee of Ways and Means refused i
to sustain the Administration, the House, seeing j
it, very properly united to defeat the bill. ^ |
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ohio |
certainly has not looked at the record. It is very j
well known that I voted for the bill upon its final |
passage, although I did it very reluctantly. ;
Mr. DISNEY. What other members of the j
committee voted for the bill r
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that a major-
ity of the Committee of Ways and Means voted
for the bill upon its final passage.
Mr. DISNEY. The records will speak for
themselves. The impression was very general
throughout the House, and so far as my own ears
gave me evidence, on my right and left, I heard it
said that the committee voted in the negative.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to hear
the statements of the Secretary read.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. They have been
read again and again. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, and 1 ask for a vote upon it.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Dis-
ney's amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. B1SSELL. I move to reduce the appro-
pi iation for the custom-house at Louisville ,000.
1 am opposed to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Kentucky. If the amendment olfered
by him is adopted, the bill becomes suostantially
the same as the one which met such an over-
whelming defeat in this House a few days ago.
I desire to see this bill passed. It is a deficiency
bill which the country calls upon us to pass.
These other appropriations, which gentlemen
are desiring to incorporate in the bill, are of a very
different class, and there is no necessity for haste
in regard to them. They stand upon a different
footing from most of the appropriations provided
for in this bill. These are intended to enable the
Government to pay its employees, who are now
subject to constant pecuniary sacrifices, because
we have not enabled the Government to pay them
for their daily labor. Now I do not wish to see
this bill imperiled nor delayed by being loaded,
down by that class of appropriations which are so
well provided for in the bill which is immediately
to follow the one now under consideration. This
bill has unquestioned merits,-as the committee
will see. My word for it, if a direct vote could be
taken, it would pass as soon as that vote could be
counted. Attach the appropriations which you
I propose to do to this bill, and you endanger the
j passage of the bill, and leave the employees of the
j Government waiting, with out-stretched arms, at
j your doors, for that money which is to pay for
| their daily bread. Keep the two classes of appro-
' priations separate and distinct, as the committee
j have very wisely done. Pass this bill, and then
| bring up the other bill, which is of an entirely
| different character, and let  s do as we think
! proper in respect to that.
| Mr. HOUSTON. I do not desire to occupy
: the time of the committee, and I will not, but for
I a minute. I have taken no part in this debate,
' nor do I so intend, as to the merits of the bill.
! Inasmuch, however, as the gentleman from Ohio
j has made allusion to those on the Committee of
| Ways and Means, who voted against the other
i deficiency bill, I desire to say that the record
! shows that there were but two members of thaS
I committee who voted against that biS.
| Mr. TAYLOR. Who are they?
| Mr. HOUSTON. I will tell the gentleman.
I The gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hib-
! bard,] and the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
' Jones,] are the only members of the Committee
I of Ways and-Means who voted against the bill on
] its final passage. Four of the "members of that
1 committee voted for the passage of the bill, ami
j three were not present. So much for the facts to
■ which the gentleman from Ohio alluded.
I am opposed to the amendment, but I will not
: detain the committee by any remarks in reference
to it. I call for the vote upon its adoption.
1 The amendment to the amendment was then,
1 by unanimous consent, withdrawn.
I Mr. TAYLOR of Ohio. ! believe the amend-
i ment which has just been withdrawn proposed to
; reduce the amount of the appropriation $1,000. i
, move to increase it $1,500.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to say that in my hum-
ble judgment, this deficiency bill, the bill for the
completion of custom-houses and marine hospitals
which has been reported .by the Committee of
Ways and Means, and, in fact, many of the bills
reported by that committee, do great injustice to
the people of the country. In my opinion all
these general appropriation bills ought to be placed
at the foot of the Calendar, and t am not sure but
I will vote to put them there if any gentleman will
make the motion. I believe we might dispose of
every biil upon the Calendar 
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I rise to a question of order.
I dislike exceedingly to interfere with my friend
from Ohio, but 1 do not think this species of dis-
cussion is at all proper. The gentleman is not
speaking to his amendment, and I make a ques-
tion of order upon him.
; The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot tell at
' what point the gentleman from Ohio would arrive
: at, or what application of his remarks he would
! make to his amendment, but his remarks are cer-
tainly not germane to the amendment. The gen-
: tleman must confine himself to the explanation of
his amendment.
i Mr. TAYLOR. I am sorry my friend frt>m
North Carolina should have thought it his duty
> to make a question of order upon me. I have no
wish to transg-ess the rules of the House, or of
the committee. I will endeavor to confine myself
in the remarks which I shall make to what is
strictly in order, and I hope my friend from North
Carolina will not again interrupt me; and I will
say, that I hope also that the gentleman from New-
Hampshire, who is a member of the Committee
! of Ways and Means, and who 1 know is a little
! tender in respect to attacks made upon the recom-
mendations of that committee, will not call me to
! order.- I am in favor of the amendment I have
: offered, because I am for increasing the appropri-
ations for the benefit of the western country. It
1 is not my wish ever to give a sectional vote in this
i House. Bat when I discover, even among west-
ern gentlemen, a disposition to set aside the reoom-
! mendauons of the Secretary of the Treasury, bim-
I self a western man—as passing upon the country
i as deficiencies, appropriations which are not defi-
