!T6
m-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
June 12.
the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives adjourn their respective Houses on the 4th day of J uly
next, at twelve o'clock, m., until tfie third Monday in Octo-
ber next.
Mr. HAVEN. That, sir, lsjhe language of
the Senate resolution with a sin^re modification as
to the day of adjournment, for the purpose of
avoiding the question of order. It proposes to
adjourn from the 4th day of July, until the 3d Mon-
day of October. But, sir, it has been suggested
that the proposition would carry with it the pay
of the members during the recess. I repeat that I
would not offer a proposition that would admit of
such a construction, and it seems to me very clear
that this will not. The same question has arisen
in reference to the recess of the Legislature in my
own State, and it was decided that it did not carry
pay to the members during the recess. I think
they are as sharp there for pay as anywhere. I
do not think such a construction can be given to
the resolution.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I should like to know
why it does not carry pay just as much as does a
proposition,to adjourn over for a week, or to ad-
journ for three days. I would suggest, therefore,
to the gentleman from New York, that he add a
proviso to the resolution that the provision of law
fixing the time for the meeting of Congress shall
be changed from the first Monday in December to
the third Monday in October, and that the phrase-
ology of the resolution be so modified as to pro-
vide that the members shall not draw pay during
the vacation. As the resolution now stands, there
is no reason why the per diem should not be al-
lowed.
Mr. HILLYER. The gentleman will allow me
one word, and what I have to say will be in reply
to the gentleman from Ohio. The difficulty in
regard to members drawing pay during the tem-
porary recess will be fully obviated if the House
will act upon the substitute which I have proposed.
And 1 think that will meet wholly the views of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven.] 1
propose a final adjournment of this House on the
first Monday in August; and the meeting on the
third Monday of October will be the commence-
ment of the next session of Congress; so that of
course the members will draw no pay during the
recess, and yet every legitimate purpose that gen-
tlemen can have will be accomplished.
Now, I would suggest to the gentleman from
New York, ami to every member concurring with
us, that the proper course for us to pursue in or-
der to accomplish what we desire, will be to vote
down the projJosition of the gentleman from South
Carolina; then to suspend the rules in order to take
up the joint resolution of the Senate; and when
that jtiint resolution comes before this body, it will
be in order to amend it by changing the time of
adjournment from the first Monday in July to
some time m August, and changing the time far
the meeting of Congress hereafter. Let  a vote
down, then, the pending motion of the gentleman
from South Carolina, suspend the rules, and take
up the Senate joint resolution, and the whole sub-
ject will be under the control of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 move to add the follow-
ing proviso to the resolution:
Provided, That no compensation shall be allmwd mem-
bers during the recess.
Mr. HOUSTON, the amendment of the
gentleman from New York in order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from N"ew
York [Mr. Walbridge] submitted an amend-
ment to his original resolution. The gentleman
from South Carolina proposes an amendment in
the shape of a substitute. The amendment of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven,] as the
Chair understands, is to amend the substitute.
Mr. HAVEN. Yep, sir.
The SPEAKER. That is competent, if there
be no further amendment fo the original resolu-
tion.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the Chair decide that
on a resolution for adjournment it is in order to
move amendment while an amendment to an
amendment is pending?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
original resolution, as the two propositions now
stand before the House, is amendable. To the -
original resolution there isj&n amendment pend
nend' ' '
I t this moment.
1 jtfflC
ingj which can only be amSid^&t
It is the amendment submitted by the gentleman
from New York, the author of the resolution.
When the House shall have perfected the original
resolution, then it will be in order to take up and
amend the substitute offered by the gentleman
from South Carolina. Both are amendable; first
the original resolution, then the substitute. When
you reach the substitute, you may amend it by
striking out a part or all of its provisions, and
then, as amended, vote it in place of the original
resolution.
*Mr. CAMPBELL. I would ask the gentleman
from New York to accept, as a part of his resolu-
tion, the proviso which I have suggested:
Provided, That no per diem compensation shall be al-
lowed membeis during the recess.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has not yet sent his proposition in writing
to the Clerk.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire first to inquire of the
Chair whether there is pending a proposition to
amend by my colleague, the author of the original
resolution?
The SPEAKER. There is; and it is only for
a change of time of the adjournment. The original
resolution is to fix a time for closing the present
session. Anamendmentisnow pending to change
the time as fixed in the original resolution. The
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] pro-
poses an amendment, in the nature of a substitute
for the original resolution. The Chair states that
it is competent for the House to amend the original
resolution; andjiaving done that, they may take
up the substitnYe.
Mr. HAVEN. Do I then understand the Chair
to decide that the amendment I offered would not
now be in order?
The SPEAKER. It is only in order now to
amend the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Walbiudue] to the original
resolution.
| Mr. HAVEN. Do T understand the Chair to
; say that there is an amendment in the second de-
[ gree now [lending, upon which we shall have to
j vote before any further amendments are submitted ?
! The SPEAKER. If the House will give their
: attention, the two propositions will be re id, so that
there may be no misunderstanding between the
: House and the Chmr. The original resolution
I reads as follows:
i Rrsolred, (the Senate concurring.) That the I'riMdcntof
Ihc Sriuue and the Spc.lket ol the House ot' Representa-
tives adjourn their lespective tlousos sine die on .Monday,
the third of .Tuiy next, at twelve o'clock, in.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Wai,-
niiirxinj moves that the words." third of July" be
stricken out of the resolution, and that the words
"seventeenth of July" be insetted in their place.
The second proposition otTcrcd by the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Orh [ roads as
follows:
Resolved, (tlir  Senate concurring,) Thit the President oi
.the Senate and the Speakci of the Houm* ot Representa-
tives adjourn their respective Hou*rf? on Monday, August
14, at twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to say but a word to
j'the House in relation to this whole matter. In
! my judgment this discussion is prematme, ill con-
I: sidered", and outj|J.place. Gentlemen get up here
!' and say in their judgment there is no doubt that
j the House would get through all its business at
j!%ome time indicated by them. They do not mean
by this that all the interesting and important busi-
ji aess before the House can be disposed of at the
; time indicated, but they mean that all the business
i: in which they individually feel an interest can be
|; disposed of. This is what they mean.
! All your committees are loaded down with mat-
ters which they desire to present to the House.
I1 My own drawer is full of bills upon the most
■j important subjects. To be sure, they would not
j! be of interest to my colleague, who spoke a ino-
j' ment since, but they are of deep and vital interest
,!to many persons throughout the country, and
i; many members of this House. I can understand'
i! the feeling which operates upon gentlemen,and en- ,
i, genders that impatience which manifests itself to 1
!' get away from here at a very early day. But we ;
;i were sent here to transact the public business, and
not to consult our own pleasure or our own con- j
venience. I say again, in view of the important i
matters pressing upon u? for consideration, and |
awaiting our action, that it is ridiculous and ab- j
surd in the extreme for gentlemen to stand up !
j here and say thst, in their judgment, all these !
.. matters can be disposed of at a certain indicated
time. They may say, and truly, too, so far as
they are concerned, and so far as they individ-
ually feel an interest in them, that they may be
disposed of by such a time.
The gentlemen upon the Committee of Ways
and Means think that there is no legislation neces-
sary in Congress except that of passing the ap-
propriation bills, and that when you dispose of
them it is time for Congress to adjourn. The act
providing for the payment of the clerks and Ex-
ecutive officers of the Government is, in their judg-
ment, the summum bonwn of all acts of legislation.
So, too, with the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Haven,] and other gentlemen, who have no
business to be transacted here of any particular
importance to their constituents, and therefore
think that there is no business before Congress,
although there*nay be bills to be disposed of in
which the mightiest consequences to the Republic
may lie in embryo. What care they ? These do
not, they think, affect their constituents, and
therefore there is no business of\ importance to be
disposed of! What they mesSfby " business,"
is some particular thing in which their constitu-
ents are concerned; some matter of a local char-
acter affecting their own evanescent popularity,
their own ephemeral interests, or those of the peo-
ple whom they represent. That is what these
gentlemen mean by the term " business."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I understand that we were
sent here for a very different purpose from all this.
I believe that we were sent here to protect and to
advance the" public interests. We were sent here,
not to exhibit patience or impatience at the work
which we are called on to perform, and to consult
our own inclinations as to its performance, but to
attend faithfully and diligently to the business
matters that may be legally and legitimately sub-
mitted for our consideration, and to give them that
calm and proper deliberation which they require.
Sir, entertaining these views, and knowing, as 1
do, the amount of matter which i3 pending before
the committees, and which the committees desire
to offer for the consideration of the House, 1 can
state that this matter cannot be disposed of in the
tune indicated in" this resolution. 1 cannot, and
no man can, undertake, in advance, to-say the pre-
cise time when Congress can properly adjourn,
after giving the due consideration to those matters
which they are entitled to receive at their hands.
I, I understand that this resolution is now jjend-
I1 mg before the House. If a motion to lay it on
I the table be in order, I now make that motion.
j; The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr Disney] cannot submit that motion un-
! less by the consent of the gentleman from New
II York, [Mr. Haven,] who yielded him the floor
i! for explanation.
' t Mr. DISNEY. I understood that the gentle-
i man has been up all the morning; and I supposed
j; that I jras at liberty to make the motion to lay it
11 on the table.
j The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
j gentleman from New York to yield the floor to
the gentleman from Ohio for explanation only,
j and not to yield it absolutely.
I; Mr. HAVEN. Afind that I have been dam-
aging myself by alwwing the floor to go to other
gentlemen while I was entitled to it. I must not
do so any further.
I could not hear very distinctly all that was said
by the gentleman from Ohio; but I understood him
to say that there is a large amount of public busi-
ness which it is necessary should be performed.
I think myself that there is business before the
House which it is highly expedient should be
transacted. But the question which 1 put to the
House is, whether that business will be forwarded
by our undertaking to prolong the time of our
session. And let me ask the gentleman from
Ohio himself, how much public business has been
done or forwarded for the last two and a half
weeks, while there has been no time fixed for ad-
journment ? We have been waiting here day after
day, and week after week, and have not had a
quorum tovoteon evenaquestionofpnYilege,much
less on questions of practical importance to the
country. And such will continue to be the case
until we come together again, after having separated
for a time, and after having got into a more busi-
ness stale of mind.
Now, in regard to this matter, t am as desirous
of performing the public business as any gentleman
here can be; but this is not the way to do it. The
