2234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May,
sum of twenty-seven thousand one hundred and j
six dollars and sixty-eight cents: Provided, That j
the sums hereinbefore mentioned, be paid to the i
printer who executed the printing, and to the con- \
tractor who furnished the paper, respectively, at !
the Treasury of the United States. I
For compensation of two additional clerks in the 1
office of the Superintendent of Public Printing,
one thousand two hundred dollars.
For the printing of Executive Departments,
including paper and printing the annual estimates
of appropriations for the year one thousand eight ;
hundred and fifty-five, and for printing, paper,
and binding twenty thousand copies of the annual
report of the Secretary of the Treasury on com-
merce and navigation, for the year one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-three, nine thousand and
eighty five dollars.
War Department.
For the increased compensation of the Secretary
of War from the fourth of March, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-three, to the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four,two thousand six
hundied and fifty-five dollars and fifty-five cents. ;
For rent of house on northwest corner of F and 1
Seventeenth streets, and warming all the rooms in
it, three hundred and eighty-five dollars.
For the compensation and expenses of the com-1
mission of civilians and military men appointed j
under the provisions of the first section of the act ,
entitled " An act making appropriations for the ,
support of the Army lor the year ending the thir- i
tieth of June, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-four," approved third of March, one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-three, to determine ;
matters connected wuh the management of the 1
national armories, five thousand nine hundred and
ninety-six doHur^ and sixty-one cents, or so much i
thereof as may he necessary: Provided, That in 1
the payment of such r.fficeis of the Army as may
have served on that com mission, their pay, as such ;
officers, shall be deducted.
For aireaia^es of pay for services of volunteers ,
in the Kentucky regiment called into service in
eighteen hundred and thirty-six, one thousand
dollars. j
For arrenrages of pay for services rendered by |
volunteers or militia m the Black Hawk war, one |
thousand dollars. ;
For clothing for the Army, camp and garrison ,
equipage, and horse equipments, to supply the 1
place of losses sustained by the wreck of the '
steamer San Francisco, twenty-six thousand five !
hundred and ninety dollars.
For deficiencies for the railroad surveys between
the Mississippi river and the Pacific ocean, foity
thousand dollars. j
.Yavij Department
For fhe increased compensation of the Secretary 1
of the jYuvy, from fhe foui th of March, one thou-
sand cijjht hundredand fifty-three, to the thirtieth
of June, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-four,
two thousand five hundred and eighty-four dollars
and sixty-one cents.
For contingent expenses of the southwest
Executive Building, viz: ;
For fuel and lights, seven hundred dollars.
For miscellaneous items, eijjht hundred dollars. ,
For contingent expenses of the Navy, that may 1
accrue for the following purposes, viz: "Freight and .
transportation, printing and stationery, adver-
tising tn newspnpers, books, maps, models, and
drawings, purchase and repair of fire-engines and
machinery, repairs of arid attending to steam- i
engines m navy-yards, purchase and maintenance ,
of horses and oxen, and driving teams, carts,
titnbei-wheels, and the purchase and repair of
workmen's tools, postage of public letters, furni-
ture for Government houses, fuel, oil, and candles
for navy-yards arid shore stations, pay of watch-
men, and incidental labor not chargeable to any1
other appropriation, labor attending the delivery ,
of stores on civil stations, wharfage, dockage, and
rent, traveling expenses of officers and others, under 1
orders, funeral expenses, store and office tent,
stationery, fuel, commissions and pay of clerks to
navy agents and storekeepers, flags, awnings, and
packing-boxes, premiums and other expenses of
recruiting, apprehending deserters, per diem pay
to persons attending courts-martial and courts of
inquiry, and other services authorized by law, pay I
to judges-advocate, pilotage and towage of vessels, '
and assistance to vessels in distress, bills of health
and quarantine expenses ofthe United States Navy
in foreign ports, seventy-two thousand six hundred
and sixty dollars.
For continuing the publication of wind and cur-
rent charts, for printing and publishing sailing
directions, hydrographical surveys, and other ex-
penses of the hydrographical office, ten thousand
dollars.
For reappropriation of the following sums,
carried to the surplus fund, and for the ob-
jects mentioned:
For dry-dock at Kittery, two thousand nine
hundred dollars and eighty-five cents.
For dry-dock at Pensacola, eleven thousand one
hundred and nineteen dollars and thirteen cents.
For magazine at Norfolk, two thousand and
sixty-eight dollars and forty-two cents.
For magazine at Boston, four hundred and
eighty dollars and sixty-three cents.
For magazine at New York, six hundred and
thirty-one dollars and thirty-two cents.
For magazine at Washington, one thousand six
hundred dollars.
For hospital at Philadelphia, two thousand
four hundred and forty-two dollars and forty-two
cents.
Post Office Department.
For the increased compensation of the Postmas- j
ter General from the fourth of March, one thou- '
sand eight hundrpd and fifty-three, to the thirtieth
of June, one thousand eight hundred ar.d fifty-
four, two thousand six hundred and fifty-five dol-
lars and fifty-five cents.
For compensation of two temporary clerks em-
ployed in the Post Office Department, viz: One
from the first of April to the thirtieth of June, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-three, at the rate i
of twelve hundied dollars per annum; and one j
from the nineteenth of May to the thirtieth of i
Jun* , one thousand eight hundred and fifty-three,
at the rate of one thousand dollars per annum;
and from the first of July to the second of August,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty-three, at the
rate of twelve hundred dollars per annum, five
hundred and twenty-five dollars and seventy-three
cents.
To supply a deficiency in the revenues of the
Post Office Department for the fiscal year ending
the thirtieth of June, one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-three, five hundred and forty-five thou-
sand four hundred and forty-five dollars and sixty-
three cents.
Attorney General.
For the increased compensation of the Attorney
General, from the fourth of March, one thousand
etght hundred and fifty-three, to the thirtieth of
.Tune, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-four,
two thousand five hundied and mnety-four dol-
lars and nineteen cents.
For the purchase of Spanish and Mexican law-
books for the library of Congress, seventeen hun-
dred dollars.
Miscellaneous.
For the contingent expenses of the Senate,
viz:
For lithographing and engraving, twenty thou-
sand dollais,
For binding, thirty thousand dollars.
For books, twelve thousand six hundred and
ninety-one dollar?.
For clerks to committees and President pro tem-
pore, diaughtsinan, messengers, pages, laboreis,
police, hoises, and carryalls, four thousand four
hundred dollars.
For miscellaneous items:
To replace this amount, drawn by order of the
Senate from that head of appropriation, m a pay-
ment to R. M. Young, as commissioner to inves-
tigate charges against Hon. A. Ramsay, late super-
intendent of Indian atfairs, Minnesota, nine hun-
died and twenty-four dollais and twenty cents.
To enable the Secretary of the Senate to pay for ;
the maps of the public lands authorized by the
resolution of the Senate of the third March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three, to be printed
under the direction of the Committee on Public
Lands, five thousand one hundied and fifty dol-
lars.
Forthe expenses of the House of Represent-
atives, viz:
For horses and carriages, eight hundred and
forty dollars.
For newspapers for members, two thousand
dollars.
For pages, one thousand nine hundred and
thirty-six dollars.
For binding documents, seventy-seven thou-
sand five hundred and ninety-six dollars and forty
cents.
For miscellaneous items, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
For binding the Congressional Globe and Ap-
pendix of the second session of the thirty-second
Congress—fivethousand and eighty-eight volumes,
at sixty cents per volume—three thousand four
hundred and twelve dollars and eighty cents.
For continuing the preparation and publication
of a stereotyped catalogue of the hbiary of Con-
gress, five thousand dollars.
For the messenger to the Speaker, three hun-
dred and twelve dollars.
For pay for Annals of Congress, ordered by
the House for the House library, being one hun-
dred copies of each of the following volumes:
first, second, and third volumes Tenth Congress,
and first, second, and third volumes Eleventh
Congress, in all six hundred volumes, at five dol-
lars per volume, three thousand dollars.
For printing index to private claims, ordered to
be printed by resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the twenty-second of December, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, twenty
thousand dollars.
For binding index to private claims, five thou-
sand seven hundred dollars.
* For rent of paper v/areroom from the first of
January to thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, at two hundred and fifty dollars per
annum, one hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For cartage of printing paper from wareroom
and office of the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing, to the printing offices, and labor, from the first
of January to the"thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, at five hundred and fifty dol-
lars per annum, two hundred and seventy-five
dollars.
For arrearages incurred prior to the first of
July, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-three,
for running and marking the boundary line be-
tween the United States and Mexico, under the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, fifty thousand dol-
lars.
And that the period limited for the appointjment
of commissioner, surveyor, and chief astronomer,
by the act of May fifteen, eighteen hundied and
fifty, shall be, and the same is hereby, extended
to the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five.
For enaraving maps, views, sections, and nat-
ural history of the survey of the boundary be-
tween the United States and Mexico, ten thou-
sand dollars; to be expended under the direction
of the Secretarv of the Interior.
For wood cuts purchased by the Commissioner
of Patents, for illustrating the mechanical part of
1 the Patent Office report for eighteen hundred anil
1 fiftv-thi ee-four, ordered by the House of Repre-
! sentatives, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For salaries and incidental expenses of the
; commission appointed under the act of March
1 third, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, for settling
land claims m California, forty-two thousand dol-
' lars: Provided, That there be allowed to the legal
representatives of Robert Greenhow such sum,
in addition to that received by him, as together,
1 will moke his salary forthe time hewas employed
1 as assistant law agent equal to that authorized to
be paid to the land commissioners by the act of
third March, eighteen hundred and fifty-three,
" making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of Government for the year ending
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four."
That the First Comptroller of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to examine the claims
presented by certain counties of the late Terri-
tory of Iowa for expenses of the United States
disuict court, which were paid by said counties
prior to the admission of said Territory into the
Union as a State; and if, upon such examination,
he is satisfied that prior to said time the said
counties have paid money which, in accordance
, with the instructions of the First Comptroller of
■ the Treasury, dated nineteenth of December,
j eighteen hundred and forty-three,as construed in
I the report of said First Comptroller to the Secre-
