THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
ci«ncies, I trust that the courtesy of the committee
will permit me to express my opinions upon such
a proposition freely—even beyond the bounds
.which a strict construction of the rules would
limit me. And it is to that point that X desire to
address my remarks.
Now, sir, the honorable gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jones,] in addressing the committee
just now—who was listened to with- so much at-
tention, as he always is, by every member of the
House, and by none with more pleasure than
myself—referred to a document now before us,
reported by the Secretary of the Treasury during
the present session—Executive Document No. 5,
under the head of miscellaneous. It is a letter
fro«! the Secretary of the Treasury to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means; and
the statements of the gentleman from Tennessee,
uifleBs the* members of the committee refer to that
document, are calculated, in my judgment, to mis-
lead them. I have that document now before me.
I have examined it thoroughly; and the Secretary
of the Treasury says that the amounts of available
appropriations are as stated by the gentleman from
Tennessee; but he also states, in reference to
these custom-houses and marine hospitals—and he
states more particularly in reference to these defi-
ciencies than to any deficiencies reported in the bill
now under consideration—thatevery appropriation
ssked for by the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Preston] is a deficiency to
carry on the business of the Government.
Now, the Secretary of the Treasury, if he is a
judge of deficiencies anywhere, ought to be a judge
of the deficiencies in the city of Louisville, tie is
a citizen of that city, and well acquainted with it.
He knows the condition of this building person-
ally as well as officially, and he recommends this
appropriation as a deficiency.
Judging from the spirit manifested by the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] to defeat
the bill for custom-houses and marine hospitals,
it is my opinion that appropriations for the com-
pletion of those buildings will never be made, if
this bill is allowed to pass without the adoption of
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky.
It is the duty of the committee to stand by that
amendment; and I hope it may be discussed here
till the first of July, rather than to have it defeated.
The opinion of the whole people of this country,
as indicated by the votes of their Representatives
upon this floor, in reference to these appropria-
tions for western custom-houses and marine hos-
pitals, should be attended to and upheld, rather
than the opinion of a majority of the Committee
of Ways and Means, in opposition to the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of the Treasury, and
in opposition to the repeated decisions of the
House.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I am opposed to the
amendment, and ask for a vote upon it.
The question was taken on Mr. Taylor's
amendment to the amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend that por-
• tion of the amendment relative to the appropria-
tion for the Louisville custom-house, by inserting
after the word "complete" the words "for the
fourth time/' so as to make it read " to complete for
the fourth time," and so forth.
I have been very much struck with the fact that
every gentleman on the Whig side of the House,
who has a dollar embarked in this scheme, thinks
that the Secretary of the Treasury is decidedly the
finest officer that has ever held that position under
this Government. They seem to have come to
the conclusion that all his estimates are exactly
right; that we ought to have full faith in every-
thing that he has said or proposed; and that all his
estimates ought to be taken upon trust.
Mr. CAMPBELL. What about the Bronson
platform ?
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, I do not know
exactly how far our Whig friends would go upon
the Bronson platform, if that question was pre-
sented to them. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 rise to a question of
order. I object to this discussion. The gentle-
man from Virginia must confine his remarks to
his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The remarks of the gen-
tleman from Virginia are clearly out of order.
Mi. LETCHER, is it not 111 order to refer to
the estimates of the Secretary of,the Treasury?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order for thegen-
tlemaft to speak upon his amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. That is exactly what I am
going to do.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's amend-
ment is to insert the words " for the fourth
time."
Mr. LETCHER. Exactly, to insert the words
" for the fourth time;" and now I propose to show-
that that custom-house at Louisville has been com-
pleted (at least legislatvely) four times. .
I recollect when I came here that $75,000 were
appropriated; when they came forward for $16,000
fur a lot, they told us that|75,000 would build the
house. I recollect then, again, that when they
asked for §87,745, they told us that it would com-
plete it, and, as an evidence of the fact, mentioned
that bids were received by which it would be com-
pleted for that amount. Now they come in and
ask for $40,000 to complete it again. I take it,
that if there is not a dollar of $40,000 now asked
for appropriated, that that custom-house will be
completed, and be a fire-proof building besides.
But I imagine that there is more in this thing
than merely the amount of money to finish the
house. There is something in regard to the pre-
cise character of the building itself: whether it
shall be a brick, a marble, or a granite building;
whether it shall be made of one'material costly, or
of another more costly, the object being to make
it as handsome as possible in the shape of a struc-
ture to adorn the city of Louisville. Will it be
pretended here that $155,000 will not build a fire-
proof house? Can it be pretended that it will not ?
One hundred and ten thousand dollars has done it
elsewhere. Why cannot it do it m Kentucky ?
Why not in St. Louis? Why cannot it do it in
Cincinnati? Why cannot it do it at the other
points? I am clearly of the opinion that if we do
not appropriate another dollar to this work, it will
be found that the suras heretofore appropriated
will accomplish it. We shall thereby save $40,0U0.
Mr. LILLY. I oppose the amendment, and
ask for a vote on it.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. GOODRICH. I move, Mr. Chairman,
to increase the Louisville appropriation $2,000.
I am one of the Whigs on this side of the Hall
not interested in this matter; yet 1 am in favor of
the amendment. Now, what are the facts? As
I understand, the Secretary 'of the Treasury re-
commends these appropriations as deficiencies. I
further understand that the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Breckinridge] is in favor of these
appropriations. He thinks that a majority of the
committee are m favor-of them, too; but he pro-
poses to put them in a separate bill, and for what
reason ? Not, as I undersiand, because they are not
deficiencies, but because they are not proper or in
order in this bill. We are, then, according to his
view, to have not one deficiency bill, but more
than one, and how many ? As many as we have
items. We ordinarily talk about the deficiency
bill as containing all the items of deficiency; but
if we pass this bill as proposed, we shall not get
through all our deficiencies.
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to a question of order.
Is the debate indulged in by the gentleman in or-
dei ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the gentleman is not in older.
Mr. HIBBARD. I wish the Chair to consider
the point raised on every other gentleman who
may be out of order.
i'he CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must limit
his ieinarks to the character of his amendment
Mr. GOODRICH. I shall endeavor to do so.
Mr. HIBBARD. I must, without disrespect
to the gentleman, insist on the enforcement of the
rules.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will enforce
them.
Mr GOODRICH. I will say to the gentleman
from New Hampshire 
Mr. HIBBARD. The gentleman cannot go on
after he has been ruled out of order. He must
! take his seat.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair. I think that the gentleman
from Massachusetts is as much in order in his re-
marks as any of the gentlemen who have engaged
m the discussion.
Mr. HIBBARD. They were all out of order.
Mr. TAYLOR. The gentleman is no more out
of order than the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire was on yesterday.
Mr. HIBBARD. Not a bit.
The CHAIRMAN. Tnegentleman from New
Hampshire calls the gentleman from Massachu-
setts to order. The Chair decides that the gen-
tleman is not in order. From that decision the
gentleman from Ohio appeals. The question now
is, "Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee?"
The question was taken by division; the Chair
announcing that 90 voted m the affirmative.
Mr. TAYLOR d emanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered; but 21 piembers sec-
onding the demand—
Mr. TAYLOR. Count the other side.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The Chair has no right to
count the other side, one fifth of a quorum not
voting.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not necessary to
count the other side, inasmuch as one fifth of a
quorum, has not seconded the demand for tellers.
Mr. TAYLOR. What I meant to ask the Chair
was, to count the other side on the question of the
appeal.
After a count, the Chair announced that but
thirty-five voted against the decision of the Chair
being received as the judgment of the committee.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. GOODRICH. I will endeavor, Mr. Chair-
man, to keep somewhat within the rules of order.
What I wanted simply to say—and in this I was
not very much out of order—was in reply to
something that was said by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge.] He has made
a strong appeal to his pofttical friends here to vote
down these amendments.
Mr. HIBBARD, (interrupting.) Mr. Chair-
man, I must insist upon a decision whether the
gentleman is in order or not.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is in order. He is now proceeding to
argue in favor of his own amendment, and is
clearly in order.
Mr. GOODRICH, (resuming.) I think, Mr.
Chairman, that the Secretary of the Treasury has
not recommended enough, i think the appropria-
tion should be increased two thousand dollars.
Now, then, it seems to me, that it is in order, in
reference to this amendment of mine, to show
that the arguments on the other side against the
whole thing are invalid. I say, then, if 1 may
be allowed to proceed, that the gentleman from
Kentucky has appealed to his political friends to
vote down theseamendments. What are the facts
in the face of which the gentleman makes that ap-
peal? They are, first, that the Secretary of tne
Treasury recommends the appropriation. They
are, next, his admission that a majority of the
House, which represents thepeople of the country,
are also in favor of them.
Now, then, Mr. Chairman, the suggestion which
I want to make to him is this—and I do so with,
every kindness—that when the gentleman is ap-
pealing to this side of the House to go against
these amendments, for these reasons lie should
also appeal to his political friends to go in favor
of that expressed opinion of the majority repre-
senting the will of the people, as he admits it
does.
He admitted over and over again on this floor,
that the majority in this House are m favor of
these appropriations, and yet calls upon his polit-
I ical friends, and upon the principles of Democracy,
too, to vote down the express will of the people,
as expressed through their representatives here.
Now, I ask, why is this? I fear that when we
come to the other bill—the one for custom-houses
and marine hospitals—that an appeal will be then
made to his political friends to vote thatdown too.
But what I desire to say most distinctly was,
to present the fact to this House clearly, that here
is an admission from the Committee ot Ways and
Means that a majority of the House is in favor of
this amendment, and yet0they are striving to bring
up their political friends to break it down.
Mr. DEAN. 1 am opposed to the amendment,
i as well as to all other amendments, and desire a
vote upon it.
The question was taken upon the amendment
to the amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs upon
the original amendment of the gentleman from
