THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 14, 1854.
New Series....No. 87.
Senate lias tendered us the proposition indicated
here; and if we take them at their word, they
cannot complain. I am satisfied, too, that we
should not do the business of the House in the
intermediate time.
I desire now to ask the Chair whether the
question to be first taken is on the amendment of
my colleague [Mr. Walbridge] to his own reso-
lution ?
The SPEAKER. Yes; that is the first vote to
be taken.
Mr. HAVEN. One question further. Is it
in order for me now to submit a proposition ?
The SPEAKER. Yes, as an amendment to
the substitute offered by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] which will be held in abey-
ance.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I desire to submit a
proposition, and to let some other gentleman take
the floor.
The proposition submitted by Mr. Haven Was
then read, as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the President
of the Senate and the Speaket of the House of Represent-
atives adjourn their respective Hou>cs on the 4th day ot
.Tnly next, at twelve o'clock, m., until the third Monday of
October next: ProvuhuJ* That no per diem compensation
shall be diawnhy incmhui* of the House and Senate for
such recess.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe that every
gentleman upon this floor will, by his professions,
manifest to the country his disposition to work
and to dispatch the public business. But, sir, I
submit to you, and to all those present, how many,
by their acts, have manifested a disposition to do
the public business during the piesent session?
Sir, we have spent the last ten days in idleness.
Three days we adjourned—from Thursday, the
1st day of June, until the 5th. Prom that time
to this, during the whole of last week, there has
not been a solitary day in which there was a work-
ing quorum to be found in the House. Upon one
solitary occasion, upon a call of the House, a
quorum answered to their names; and then, when
the roll was called upon the pending question,
there was less than a quorum, and the House ad-
journed in consequence.
Sir, it is time now, if we had worked up to the
present time, that this session should have termin-
ated, and we should have returned to our homes, i
But we have idled away the time thus far, and |
that is no good reason why we should now go off, 1
without doing the important business of the ses- !
sion, and without the transaction of which the i
interests of the country must materially suffer. '
One attempt made upon the present occasion is,
perhaps, like too many others madein this House,
and that is, to do two thing's at once—to adjourn |
the present session of Congress, and provide for j
the meeting of the next. The Constitution pro-
vides " that Congress shall assemble at least ;
once in every year, and such meeting shall be on i
the first Monday in December, unless they shall, j
by law, appoint a different day." 1
Now, the Constitution fixes a day of meeting; ,
and if Congress wishes to change that day, they ;
must do it by the enactment of a law. That law 1
will require the approval of the President before it j
will be effective. A simple resolution of adjourn- '
ment, or for closing the session, does not require j
such signature.
The resolution from the Senate is a mere prop- '
osition for a recess—that you shall adjourn in .
July, and meet on the third Monday of October.
Now, the law of 1818, regulating and prescribing .
the compensation of members, provides that they \
shall receive eight dollars per day for each day
they shall attend. When you take a recess of
three days, the members receive that compensa- :
tion. If, by joint resolution, Congress take a
recess of one or two weeks, members draw their ,
pay, and I understand it is the opinion of the con-
trolling officer of the Treasury, that if this Con- '
gress shall take a recess until October, or for any ,
other period of time, under the law members will ,
be entitled to their per diem, if we adopt the .
Senate resolution to adjourn on the 3d of July, i
87
and to meet again on the third Monday of October,
it will be a continuance of this present session; and
it will then be continued, I presume, until Satur-
day preceding the first Monday of December
next.
It will be well for members to look to the law,
and see what they are doing, before they adopt
that resolution. There is a proviso to the law of
1818, which says:
" Provided always* That no Representative or Delegate
shall be allowed a suin exceeding the rate of eight dollars
a day from the end of one session to the time ol his taking
his seat in another."
If you adjourn, therefore, or take a recess from
the 4th of July to the 3d Monday in October, the
members of Congress, as I understand it, will,
under the decision of the Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, be entitled to their per diem during the recess.
But I hope the proposition of the gentleman from
New York will not be adopted. I hope the House
will not take a recess, but that we shall adopt the
substitute of the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Orr,J and adjourn sine die on the 14th of
August. 1 think it is probable that we can get
through with most of the business of the session
by that time; and if not, let us pass the resolution,
and the Senate will have it in their power to ex-
tend the session to such time as will enable us
to accomplish what it is necessary for us to do
before we adjourn sine die. 1 shall, therefore, be
willing, as far as 1 am concerned, to fix that day,
and 1 hope the House will at least fix some day
m August for bringing the session to a final close.
I repeai, sir, that I do not wish to take a recess.
It will be setting a new precedent, which I think
we had better not set. Let us fix the day for the
final adjournment, and then if gentlemen desire to
fix an earlier day for the meeting of the next ses-
sion, or for the meeting of subsequent sessions of
Congress, let a bill be introduced for that purpose;
let it be passed through Congress, and let it go to
the President for his signature. That, in my
opinion, will be doing the thing as it should be
done. Let us fix the day for adjournment by one
resolution, and fix the day for the commencement
of another session by a separate proposition—by
a law introduced and passed through Congress m
the regular form, as the Constitution requires, if it
should be found desirable to meetat an earlier day
than that fixed by the Constitution. For myself,
1 believe the first Monday in December is early
enough for the meeting of the second session of a
Congress. If we should meet on the third Mon-
day in October, my opinion, based upon my ex- |
perience, is, that we should transact no business !
until after Christmas, or after the 1st of January. !
You will do quite as much by meeting on the first
Monday in December as on the third Monday in
October.
Mr. HILLYER. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Tennessee a question. I understood him to
say, from experience, that Congress would do no
more by meeting on the third Monday m October
than by meeting on the first Monday in December.
I ask that gentleman if he has ever had any expe-
rience m sessions that commenced on the third
Monday in October?
Mr. JONES. No, sir.
Mr. HILLYER. Then the gentleman can have
no experience of the fact of which he speaks.
Mr, JONES. My experience is, that Congress I
never does any business until after the Christmas j
holidays. ,
Mr. HILLYER. It is for that very reason ;
that I want the session to commence earlier. j
Mr. JONES. Well, sir, I think if we were to i
meet in the middle of October, the time until after j
Christmas would be spent in pretty much the j
same way that it now is from the first Monday in j
December. We should, perhaps, adjourn over !
every week from Thursday until Monday. How j
has it been during the present session of Congress > i
The House adjourned, if I recollect rightly, every
week, before the 1st of January, from Thursday
till the Monday following; and since that time
we have adjourned every week from Friday till
Monday, with two or three exceptions. The
House did set on two orthree Saturdays while the
Nebraska bill was under consideration; but, if my
recollection serves me right, they are the only
ones during the session. Nothing of less import-
ance than that bill could induce us to remain in
session upon Saturday.
A Member. We sat last Saturday.
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir, and with about sixty
or seventy members present. And why did you
meet here last Saturday? Because you could not
get a quorum on Thursday or Friday to adjourn
over until Monday. [Laughter.] I hope that
the proposition for a rccess may be voted down,
and that there may be fixed a day for adjourn-
ment sine die.
Mr. KEITT obtained theiloor, and yielded to
Mr. EWING. Is it in order to move to lay
the substitute and amendments to the substitute
upon the table ? If it be, that motion will bring
us to a vote on the original resolution.
The SPEAKER. It would not alter the posi-
tion of the original resolution, and the amendments
to it, if the House chose to lay the substitute and
the amendments to it upon the table. Those mat-
ters would be before the body precisely in the
shape they now are. It is in order to move to lay
upon the table; but the motion would carry all—
the original resolution, substitute, amendments,
and all.
Mr. EWING. My object was to bring the
House to a vote on the original resolution for an
adjournment sine die in July. I do not think that
we can accomplish anything considerable at least
by remaining here until August. There are a
thousand reasons affecting the House, and affect-
ing members individually, which seem to me to
render it impossible for us to accomplish any
more business during this session. It may be very
desirable that we should; but in the languor which
succeeds an unusual excitement there is always
an indisposition to labor—a want of interest in tne
every-day legislation of the country. Besides,
members are looking, some of them anxiously,
towaidshome about the next election. [Laughter.]
They are consulting, as it is proper they should,
their constituents—as some perhaps did not do so
before the passage of the Nebraska bill—as to
whether they did right in passing it. [Renewed
laughter.] This is of interest to them; andifit
happens to be more interesting than bills for land
grants, or even bills for just private claims, we
cannot help it. Such is the condition of things,
and such is the inevitable feeling of members.
The gentleman from Tennessee has illustrated
this strikingly. He has shown, or rather remind-
ed un, that we have not been able recently to do
anything; and I do not see much prospect of our
accomplishing more than we have during the re-
mainder of this session. If we determine to close
the session in July, we shall feel the necessity of
passing the appropriation bills, however desirable
it may be, at least to a portion of the members, to
pass bills for private claims, land grants, and
divers other bills. We shall have to defer them to
the next session of this Congress, or, possibly, to
another Congress, which will come here, it is to
be hoped, under different auspices, and more fa-
vorably inclined to practical legislation.
I believe, Mr. Spenker, that if we do not close
this debate in some form or the other, that before
the resolution is acted on we shall have to post-
pone the day of adjournment into September. Un-
less we close it, I do not think we shall get through
with it before the day fixed arrives. [Laughter.]
My object was, with this simple explanation, if
practicable, to have closed debate by moving to
lay the substitute, and the amendments to it, upon
the table. As that is not practicable, I shall not
further occupy the floor.
Mr. HILLYER. It is not my purpose to dis-
cuss the resolution further.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky submit the motion that the resolution
and amendments do lie upon the table?
Mr, EWING. No, sir. I would simply ask,
however, as I owed the floor to the courtesy of
ihe gentleman from South Carolina, whether the
