668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 17,
buildings exactly on the same footing, and to let
them either stand or fall together. I do it in no
spirit of hostility to any particular appropriation.
One might imagine that there was some reason for
inserting this, as welt as the next provision in ref-
erence to the New York assay office, and that it
was possibly for the purpose of securing the thir-
ty-six votes of that State to support the committee
st> aas, by partial legislation, to pass "those two
provisions, and thrust the residue of the House
amendments aside. It is for that reason that I
move to put them all upon the same footing.
i cannot see any reason why an exemption
should be claimed for these two items in the gen-
eral deficiency bill, and why they are not as much
the subjects for a separate original bill as any of
the custom-houses and marine hospitals now
acted on. The $12,500 in the Louisville appro-
priation was for waVming apparatus and affording
proper comforts to the hospitals. Why are the
seamen to be excluded from the benefits of this
bill ? The hospital is as necessary for the mariners
of theOhioriveras any court-house can be for New
Mexico. I do not see any necessity whatever
applicable to one which is not with the same force
applicable to the other; and I ask that this com-
mittee, in justice, shall put all together in the last
bill, and then see whether the Committee of Ways
and Means will fulfill the hopes held out to us by
advising and securing its passage.
I think that some of our friends have already
been misled, and that they will find, when this
last bill comes up, there is no chance for it—that
" there is no balm in Gilead" [laughter] which
will save it from destruction, but that it will sink
where the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
OrrJ had the frankness to say he intended to send
it, and to that oblivion where the^gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Letcher] has intimated, by his
approving smile, he intends giving his assistance
to consign it.
I fear, if we trust the committee, that the bill'
will sink forever—that it will be defeated forever—
and these buildings will be left an enduring mon-
ument of what the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Wentwortii] calls the picayune spirit of the De-
mocracy of the country 
Mr. WENTWORTH, (interrupting.) Pica-
yunian. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRESTON. I reminded that the term
used by the gentleman from Illinois is picayunian.
[Laughter.] I did not know there was any such
adjective in the language as picayunian. How-
ever, I presume it is an originality permissible
here 
Mr. WENTWORTH, (interrupting.) I want
to set the gentleman from Kentucky right. I de-
sired to save the Whigs from bringing that charge
against the Administration. 1 am with the Ad-
ministration. (Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. I would like to inquire from
my friend over the way [Mr. Preston) whether
he is with the Administration ? [Laughter.]
Mr. PRESTON. My time is not very long,
and t cannot spend it in answering such questions.
So far, then, as this measure is concerned, I want
to acquit myself of any charge of immieality to
the interests of this Territory, in favor of which
the gentleman who is conducting this bill for the
Committee of Ways and Means invokes the sym-
pathy of the committee, i sympathize as much
with the wants of the Territory of New Mexico
a/5 he ean; and all I ask is that he may sympa-
thize in fche same manner with our merchants and
mariners on the Ohio. I have said, Mr. Chair-
man, al! that I intended to say.
Mr. WALBRCDGE. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I ask the gentleman
from New York to give way to me for a moment.
Mr. Walbridge yielded the floor.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, I
have only a remark or tv/o to make. I have
already explained to the committee the grounds
onwhich the Committee of Ways and Means re-
commended these appropriations. I do not now
propose to go again over the subject. I merely
wish, on behalf of the Committee of Ways and
M enns, and on behalf of the House, to make a
very brief response to the remarks of my col-
league, [Mr. Preston,] in regard to the motives
which he has supposed must have actuated the
4 committee in putting some of these provisions
into the bill.
I am perfectly aware, Mr. Chairman, of the
responsibility which I have personally incurred •
in attempting to conduct this bill through this
committee, and I am also aware that it would be
improper for me, having the bill in charge, to en-
gage in irrelevant and heated discussions; and if
1 were to enter into such discussion with any
man, it certainly would'not be with my friend and
colleague. But I wish to call the attention of the
committee to the desperate straits to which my
colleague is now reduced since the-failure of his
attempt to weld the custom-house bill on the defi-
ciency bill. In his extremity he has gone so far,
and has so far forgotten himself—for he is not m
the habit of doing such things—as to impute to
the Committee of Ways and Means the unworthy
motive of attempting to conciliate the strong vote
of New York, by reporting in favor of the appro-
priation for the purchase of the assay office in that
city. I am sure that it is not necessary for me to
repel such insinuation on my own part, as well
as on the part of the committee.
Mr. PRESTON. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him to explain the reason why the com-
mittee did report that appropriation ? Let him go
on and give us the reason.
Mr. BRECKINRlDGE. I addressed this com-
mittee the day before yesterday for nearly half
an hour, in explanation of the reasons which gov-
erned the committee in putting in that provision.
I have no additional reasons to give. Perhaps
my colleague may suppose that the reasons then
given are not sufficient. If he does so suppose,
ought he not at least to do so much justice to the
motives of a committee of this House as to pre-
sume that they were governed by proper purposes ?
Sir, I tell my colleague that coalitions have been
formed here lately, but not by the Committee of
Ways and Means. I regret the remarks of my
colleague, for I consider them unbecoming to him-
! self and indecorous to the committee. Sir, I have
j nothing more to say.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Preston;] and it was not agreed
to.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the remain-
ing sections of the bill. The section providing
for th/ purchase of the site of the assay office in
New York having been read—
Mr. PRESTON. I move Mr. Chairman, to
strike out the section that has just been read. I
desire to make a few remarks for the purpose of
stating the reason why I make this motion. The
custom-houses which have been rejected as unfit
for receiving appropriations in these bills were
asked for by preceding acts of Congress, were
ordered by preceding Congresses, and appropria-
tions for them were voted in a deficiency bill here
last year 
Mr. ORR, [interrupting.] In the deficiency bill?
Mr. PRESTON. In the"deficiency bill; I re-
peat sir, the custom-houses were, after the original
appropriations, continued by appropriations in
the deficiency bill, to supply the deficiencies in
their construction. My colleague, in reply to my
question as to the motive of the committee for
their course, says he has not an opportunity of
replying:, and refers me to his speech. Why, sir,
all that "I have heard in the speech of my colleague
was more unsatisfactory, and a stronger reason
against separating the measures than anything
of the kind I would be able to utter myself.
We all remember the dispute between New York
and Philadelphia, whether a Mint should be estab-
lished in New York. During the last year the
Secretary of the Treasury entered into a lease for
a building in the city of New York, for which he
is to pay $53,000 a year rent, for the assay office.
And then the Committee of Ways and Means
come here and ask an appropriation for $530,000,
under the guise of a deficiency.
The vote is, Mr. Chairman, to appropriate
§.530,000 in order to buy out the Bank of Com-
merce in Wall street, in order that the Mint may
be ultimately established there; or in order, at least,
that the assay office may be established there. I
i have voted for that Mint and-assay office, and I
i will do it again, as an independent proposition. I
j tell the gentlemen from New York, and the gen-
! tlemen from Pennsylvania, in this House, that, as
1 an independent proposition, I voted for it before,
and will vote for it again.
But the Committee of Ways and Means put
into the deficiency bill this original appropriation
—for it is nothing else but an original appropria-
tion—and they exclude the deficiencies for unfin-
ished custom-houses, which, by all the legislation
of the past in leference to them, are entitled to
be considered fair and just items in such a bill.
Now, sir, I want to have this appropriation put
on no better footing than our custom-houses. I
do not admire that new system of economy by
which the Committee of Ways and Means are to
rebuke the President and the Secretary of the
Treasury, or fit them to theProcrustean bed of their
own notions. I do not want the custom-houses to
be laid down on such a bed of public economy,
and chopped oft to suit the caprice of'the commit-
tee; while, on the other hand, it tacks on the ap-
propriation for this New York assay office. Are
the dozen custom-houses for which appropriations
are asked calculated to decentralize trade from
the great cities, and extend benefits to the people?
Are we who advocate these appropriations at-
tempting to establish custom-houses from mere
extravagance? If the importers of Cincinnati,
Pittsburg, or Louisville seek to save themselves
from the cost of commissions and factorages which
they are now subject to in the importing cities, by
establishing direct trade, it is but a natural and
proper desire on their part. It has been seen that
the port of St. Louis and other ports have a large
direct trade now, when a few years since they had
none; and is this to be thrown away by refusing
an appropriation for affording proper commercial
facilities?
Now, sir, I submit to the committee if the cus-
tom-houses out of the bill, and the assay office in
the bill, are not on the same footing? The gen-
tleman from South Carolina admitted that they are.
I see, by the sanguinary smile of my friend from
Virginia, that he thirsts after the blood of both;
but 1 trust, although I desire that neither may
have any preference that both may pass, but that
both may stand or fall together. I think that no
preference should be shown by the committee
without some adequate reason, and I have heard
none assigned.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I regret the motion of the
accomplished gentleman from Kentucky to strike
out the appropriation of the city of New York for
an assay office. I have no other knowledge of this
measure than as it comes to us from the Commit-
tee ofWays and Means. Sir, what are the facts in
this connection ? By the authority of Congress the
Secretary of the Treasury was authorized to pro-
cure the necessary building for an assay office in
the city of New York. In the exerci&e of his dis-
cretion he has made a contract running fifteen
years, with an annual rent of $53,000, making an
aggregate,within a small fraction, of $800,000. One
hundred thousand dollars has already been ex-
pended in constructing the proper machinery to ena-
blethisofficetodo the work required ofit;ceitainly
another hundred thousand dollars will be expended
before the fifteen years have terminated. By the
terms of the lease, these improvements and fix-
tures will revert to the lessors at the expiration of
this period. Here, then, by continuing as lessees
we have an expenditure of a million of dollars for
the rent of the building and the loss of our fix-
tures. By the terms of the contract, the United
States are at liberty to terminate the same for an
amount a fraction over half a million of dollars,
by which the General Government comes in pos-
session of the property in fee, and it can at any
time, whenever deemed advisable for the public
interest, be sold to reimburse the orignal payment,
and also give to the Government the benefit of
its appreciation in value. Certainly, if we may
judge from the experience of the last fifteen years,
this advance could not be less than one hundred
per cent, in the next fifteen years to come. I take
this question just where it already exists. The
contract is made; the Government faith is pledged;
you can have the whole property in fee for
$530,000, or you can have a lease of it, arid the
loss of your fixtures at the end of fifteen years, for
$1,000,000. Viewed simply asa commercial trans-
action, I believe it sound economy to terminate
the lease and take the property, and so I believe it
would be regarded by all good, practical, business
men.
Sir, I deeply regret that, during the discussion
of this question, any suggestion should be made
that the city or State of New York is hostile to
the legislation required by the wants of any sec-
tion of the country. I shall the more regret it if
