22S6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July,
United States; which oath or affirmation shall be
deemed sufficient, without requiring the oath or
affirmation of any other person interested,or con-
cerned in said steamboat or vessel: And provided
further, That a register issued under this act shall
continue in force one year, and no longer, ynkss
the piesident of the company aforesaid shall,
within one year from the date of the register, make
anew the oath or affirmation aforesaid, and the
collector of the customs shall certify the date of
said renewed oath or affirmation on the back of
said register, which shail continue in force for one
year from said date, and the oath or affirmation
may be so renewed and the indorsement so made
once in each and every year thereafter, and the
register shall continue in force accordingly.
SfcC. 2. And be it farther enacted, That before
grunting a register to any steamboat or vessel,
owned by the company aforesaid, the president
thereof shall, together with one or more Apreties,
to the satisfaction of the collector of the customs,
by whom, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasuty, the register may be issued, become
bound to the United States in the sum of twenty-
five thousand dollars, with condition that the
steamboat or vessel shall be solely employed in
the tranbportation of merchandise and passengers
between the Atlantic and Pacific poits of the
United States us aforesaid; that the register shall
be solely used for said steamboat or vessel; thai it
shall not be sold, lent, or otherwise disposed of to
any other company, person, or persons; and that
in case such s'eamboat or vessel shall be sold,
lost, or otherwise prevented from returning to the
United States, the said register shall, within six
months thereafter,if pieserved, be returned to the
collector of the customs who issued it, or to the
Register of the Treasury, for cancellation; and on
failure to comply with any of theconditions afore-
said, a forfeiture shall accrue to the United States
of the entire penal sum named in said bond, to be
enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction,
and the outstanding registershall be null and void.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever the officer to whom said register had been
issued shall cease to be the president of said com-
pany, any register which may have been issued
in his name shall be void, and a new register must
be issued, in compliance with the provisions of
thi* act.
Sf;c. 4. And be it further enacted, That before
issuing any register as aforesaid, it shall be proved
to the satisfaction of theSerreiary of the Treasury
that the steamboat or vessel for which the register
is to issue shall have been built and equipped
wholly in the United States-, and said steamboats
and vessels shail, in all respects, be subject to the
laws of the United States in the same manner as
vessels built wholly and registered by American
citizens.
Apfko*ed, June 29, 1854.
Public, XXX.—An Act to enable the President of
the United States to fulfill the third At ticle of the
Treaty between the United States and the Mexican
Republic, of the thirtieth rf December, one thou-
sand fight hvndied and fifty three, as amended by
the Senate of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Amei ica in. Congrest
assembled, That the sum of ten millions of dollars
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury riot otherwise appro-
priated, to enable the President of the United
States to fulfill the stipulation in the third at tide of
the treaty between the United States and the Mex- ;
ican Republic, of the thirtieth of December, one |
thousand eight hundred and fifty-three, as subae- |
queritly amended by the Senate of the United '
States; of which said sum of ten millions ofdol- i
lars, seven millions are to be paid on the exchange (
of the ratifications of said treaty, and the remain- |
ing three millions as soon as the boundary line .
shall be surveyed, marked, and established. i
Approved, June 29, 1854. i
Public, XXXI.—Jin Set to aid the Territory of\
Minnesota in the Construction of a Railroad therein.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That there be, and is hereby, granted 1
to the Territory of Minnesota, for the purpose of j
aiding in the construction of a railroad from the '
(southern line of said Territory, commencing at a
point between township ranges nineand seventeen,
thence by the way of Sc. Paul, by the most prac-
ticable route, to the eastern line of said Territory,
in the direction of Lake Superior, every alternate
section of land designated by odd numbers for six
sections in width on each side of said road within
said Territory, but in case it shall appear that the
United States have, when the line of said road is
definitely fixed by the authoiity aforesaid, sold
any section, or any part thereof granted as afore-
said, or that the right of preemption has attached
to the same, then it shall be lawful for any agent
or agents, to be appointed by the Governor of said
Territory, subject to the approval of the Secretary
of the Interior, to select from the lands of the
United States nearest to the tier of sections above
specified, so much land, in alternate sections or
parts of sections, as shall be equal to such lands
as the United States have sold, or to which the
right of preemption has attached as aforesaid,
which lands (thus selected in lieu of those sold,
and to which preemption has attached as afore-
said, together with the sections or parts of sections
designated by odd numbers as aforesaid, and
appropriated as aforesaid) shall be held by the
Territory of Minnesota for the use and purpose
aforesaid: Provided, That the lands to be so lo-
cated shall in no case be funher than fifteen miles
from the line of the road, in each case, and selected
for and on account of said road: Provided further,
That the lands hereby granted phall be exclusively
applied in the construction of that road for which
it was granted and selected,and shall be disposed
of only as the work progresses, and the same
shall be applied to no other purpose whatever:
And provided father, That any and all lands
heretofore reserved to the United States by any
act of Congress, or in any other manner by com-
petent authority, for the purpose of aiding in any
object of internal improvement, or for any other
purpose whatsoever, be, und the same are hereby,
reserved to the United States from the operation
of this act, except so far as it may be found neces-
sary to locate the route of said railroad through
such reserved lands, in which case the right of way
only shall be granted, subject to the approval of
the President of the United States.
Sf.c. 2. JJnd be it further enacted, That the sec-
tions and parts of sections of land, which by such
giants shall remain to the United States, within
six miles on each side of said road, shall not be
sold for less than double the minimum price.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said
lands hereby granted to the said Territory shall
be subject to the disposal of any Legislature there-
of, for the purpose aforesaid and no other, nor
shall they inure to the benefit of any company
heretofore constituted and organized; and the
said railroad shall be and remain a public high-
way for the use of the Government of the United
States, free fiom toll or other charge upon the
transportation of any property or troops of the
United States, nor shall any of said lands become
subject to private entry until the same shall have
been firstoifered atpublicsaleattheincreased price.
Sec. 4. find be. it further enacted, That the lands
hereby granted to said Territory, shall be disposed
of by said Territory only in manner following,
that is to say, no title shall vest in the said Ter-
ritory of Minnesota, nor shall any patent issue for
any part of the lands hereinbefore mentioned,
until a continuous length of twenty miles of said
road shall be completed thiough the lands hereby
granted, and when the Secretary of the Interior
shall be satisfied that any twenty miles of said
road aie completed, then a patent shall issue for
a quantity of land not exceeding one hundred
and twenty sections, and included within a con-
tinuous length of twenty miles of said road, and
so from time to time, patents shall be issued in
like manner upon the completion of each addi-
tional twenty miles of said road, until it shall be
completed; and if said road is not completed with-
in ten years, no further sale shall be made, and
the land unsold shall revert to the United States, i
Sec. 5. And be it further cnacted, That the :
United States mail shall be transported at all !
times on said railroad, under the direction of the j
Post Office Department, at such price as Congress ]
may by law direct: Provided, That until such price j
is fixed by law, the Postmaster General shall '■
have power to determine the same- j
Approved, June 29, 1854. '
[The preceding act was subsequently repealed.
See act for relief of Thomas Bronaugh.}
Public, XXXII.—An Act for the construction of
certain Military Roads and Wells in the Territory
of New Mexico.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums of money be,
and are hereby, appropriated for the construction
and repair of roads in the Territory of New
Mexico:
From Taos to Santa Fe, the sum of twenty
thousand dollars.
From Santa Fe to Dona Aria, the sum of
twelve thousand dollars; any portion of which
may be applied to the sinking of wells, if required
by the necessities of said road. The said sums
of money to be expended under the control and
directum of the Secretary of War.
Approved, July 17, 1854.
Public, XXXIII.—An Act for the Payment of the
Civil Officers employed in the Territory of New
Mexico while under military government.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembledy That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized, from any money in the-
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay to
the civil officers employed in the Territory of
New Mexico while the same was under military
government, the salaries due and payable to them
from the twenty second of September, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, until the third of March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-one, according to the
rate of compensation prescribed by the organic
law promulgated by General Stephen W. Kear-
ney for the government of said Territory of New
Mexico, deducting therefrom such sums as have
already been paid to them from the Treasury of
said Territory: Provided, That under the pro-
vision of this act, no compensation shall be made
to any officer of the Aimy of the United States
for discharging the duties of any civil office in the
Territory of New Mexico.
Approved, July 17, 1854.
Public, XXXIV.—An Act to provide for the con-
tinuation of the Military Road from Myrtle Creek
to Scoltsburg, in Oregon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of twenty thousand dol-
lars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, for the extension and completion of
the military road from Myrtle Creek, m Umpqua
valley, to Scottsburg, in the Territory of Oregon;
the said road to be constructed under the direction
of the Secretary of War.
Approved, July 17, 1854.
Public, XXXV.—An Act to provide for the co-n-
struction of a Military Road in the Territory of
Utah.
Tie it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be, and is hereby, appropri-
ated, the sum of twenty-five thousand dollars, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of War, in the construction of a
military road within the Territories of Utah and
New Mexico, commencing at Great Salt Lake
City, and running by the way of Provo City, Fill-
more City, Parovan and Cedar City, to the eastern
boundary of California, in the direction of the
Cajon Pas.*?.
Approved, July 17,1854.
Public, XXXVI .—An Act to authorize the President
of the United States to cause to be Surveyed the
tract of land in the Territory of Minnesota belong-
ing to the half-breeds or mixed-bloods of the Dacotah
or Sioux Nation of Indians, and for other purposes*
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled* That the President be, and he is hereby,
authorized to exchange with the half-breeds or
mixed-bloods of tire Dacotah or Sioux nation of
