1378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
gentleman from Georgia has not already spoken
twice on this subject?
The SPEAKER. He has not spoken at all on
the question. He has had the floor yielded to him
merely for explanation.
Mr. KEITT. I have no objection to the gen-
tleman from Georgia proceeding with his remarks.
Mr. HILLYER. 1 do not propose to consume
the time of the House by further discussing the
question. My object is simply to state, that I
desire at some future day to submit the resolution
I have already indicated; and for the purpose of
enabling me to do it, I move to lay the resolution
and the various amendments upon the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Upon "that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. The ques-
tion was then taken; and there were—yeas 56,
nays 97; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Ashe, Belcher,
BelI,Boyce, Bridges, Caskie, Chastam, Clark, Cobb, Col-
quitt, Disney, Dunbar, Edmundson, Everhart, Fuller,
Goode, Green, Ilenn, Hillyer, IIURhes, Ingersoll, Roland
Jones, Kent, Lamb, Letcher, Ltndsley, McCulloch, Mc-
Mullin, Maxwell,Millson, Murray,Nichols, Parker, Bishop
Perkins, John Perkins, Powell, Riddle, Thomas Ritchey,
Rogers, Iluftin, Sabin. Seward, Shannon, Singleton, Skel
ton, Gerrit Smith, Richard H. Stanton, ITestorL. Stevens,
Stratton, Straub, Andrew Stuart, Thurston, Upham, and
Vail—56.
NAYS— Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Alien, Appleton,
Ball, Barry, Benson, Boeock, Breckinridge, Brooks, Bugg,
Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chandler, Chrisman,
Ohurehwell, Chngman, Cook, Corwin, Cox, Crocker, Cur-
tis, Cutting, John G. Davi«., Dawson, Dick, Dowdell, Drum,
Dunham, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, John M. Elliott,
Ellison, English, Etheridge, Ewmg, Gamble, Giddings,
Goodrich, Greenwood, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J.
Harlan, Hastings, Haven, Hendricks Hiester, Hill, Hous-
ton, Howe, Hunt, Johnson, George W. Jones, J Glancy
Jones, Kidwell, Knox, Latham, Lindley, May, Meacham,
John G. Miller, Smith Miller. Morgan, Morrison, Norton,
Andrew Oliver, Mordccia Oliver, Oir, Pennington, Phelps,
Preston, Pringle, Puryear, Ready, David Ritchie, Bobbins, n
Russell, Suge, Sapp, Shaw, Samuel A. Smith, William ; j
Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick i|
P. Stanton, Aloxnder H. Stephens, John L. Taylor, Na- |i
ihamel G. Tayor, Trout, Walbrtdge, Walley, * Warren, ;
Israel Washburn, Tappan Wentworth, Wesibrook, Darnel !;
B. Wright, and Hendriek B. Wright—97, |!
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon i
the table. j
Mr. KEITT. I desire that the House shall ;
adjourn at the earhe.st day compatible with the I
discharge of our public duties My experience I,
in legislative bodies at home, which runs over a ;i
good many years, advices me, that when a rea-
sonable tune is fixed, the labors and business of
the session are adapted to the time appointed. 1 ;
am therefore in favor of fixing a reasonable time !
for adjournment, a day within which the public j
business can be expeditiously tiansacted. Now,
sir, let us see what we have to do. The appro-
priation bills are yet untouched, and none have j
ever yet passed without long debate and a pro- 1
tracted struggle. 1 cannot say that I regret this, .
because the money power in a Government is the 1
most dangerous and absorbing of all powers.
Then a very considerable portion of the session I
must be consumed in the discussion of the appro-
priation bills. Is there no other business of im- j
portance before us ? |
I understand, sir, that the Democratic party
came into power with the principle of free trade
inscribed upon its flag. Now, sir, what has
been done to carry out this principle? Nothing,
literally nothing. Should it not do something? ,
Most certainly it should, unless its creed be only
a delusion, and its only object be spoils. The
Democratic party came into power by an over-
whelming majority; and 1 wish to know, and, as
far as my vote goes, I mean to know, if its pro-
fessions about fiee trade are honest or not. Sir,
if principles be with the party mere juggler's
balls, to play a game of popular imposture with,
then I desire the legerdemain to be understood,
and the dupes to be only the juggler's dupes. ,
Sir, if the Democratic party is based upon prin-
ciples, let us see this by action. I am tired of mere
professions. Let me say, also, sir, that no party,
bloated by heterogeneouscompounds, and corpu-
lent with crude isms, can ever last long. Life
waits upon health, and antagonistic elements
carry death with them.
Sir, if the Democratic party is divided upon the
great question of free trade, which was born here,
and has subsequently carried its flag of triumph
over almost all the globe, the country should
know the fact. The Treasury is full to repletion;
our great staples are increasing almost incalculably, |
and our resources in every phase are quickened j
with an energy unknown by any other people or i
any other time. Sir, we have made discoveries in i
everything but the practical application of the i
principles of government. We have explored the j
arcana of physical scienpe,laid bareits mysteries, i
swept over tremendous ravines, and made the >
lightning play postman to the nations of the earth; i
but in government we have pursued only the broad
thoroughfare trampled by the footsteps of every
nation which hasgone before us, of centralization,
financial aggrandizement, and the spoliation of
weaker interests.
Sir, let us retrace our steps, and recur to the ear-
lier principles of the Republic. Let us adapt the
revenue of the Government to its proper wants,
and secure an economical expenditure. This can
only be done by an entire reformation of the pres-
ent tariff. This the Democratic party is pledged
to; and I mean, as far as my vote goes, to make
it redeem its pledges, or distinctly refuse to do so.
1 do not mean, as far as 1 can prevent it, that it
shall shirk the question by an adjournment. I
prefer to fix the day of adjournment about the
first of September; though I think we had better
postpone the whole question for the present.
Sir, let us look this tariff question in the eye,
and see who of us are for a reformation of the
tariff, and who opposed to it. For thirty years
my section has been borne down by an oppres-
sive system of legislative plunder; and it is time
we should fling it off. The Democratic party is
pledged to this, and let it reaeem the pledge.
Whenever the tariff is reformed, or whenever the
Democratic party in this House distinctly refuses
to reform it, 1 am ready to adjourn. I will not
i vote to adjourn that it may shirk this issue. If
I it is to continue to manipulate the masses with
j professions, and, by skillful jugglery, to ensnare,
! seduce, and delude, it shall have no aid of mine
| for any of these purposes. Professions seduce
[ men; principles rally them.
Mr. HAMILTON. If I understand the posi- |
tion of the question now before us, it is open to j
no further amendments, and it is useless to con- ,
Kume the time of the House in further debate. I i
apprehend every gentleman is prepared to vote; I
and without desiring to cut off the expression of j
opinion upon this subject by any gentleman, I !
demand the previous question,and 1 hope that the '
House will sustain it. |
Mr. ORR demanded tellers on the second. |
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Olds and j
i Campbell were appointed.
j The House was divided; and the tellers reported
| —ayes 75, noes not counted.
i So the previous question was seconded.
! The main question was then ordered to be put;
I being first on the amendment offered by the gen-
j tleman from New York [Mr. Wai.bridge] to his
' own resolution to strike out the word "third" ■
i and insert " seventeenth," so as to make it read: \
j Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the President I
' of the Senate and the Speakei of the House of Represent-
! atives adjouiu theirlo^pcctive Ilousessmcf/ie on thesercn-
i tcentk day of July next, at twelve o'clock, in.
I Mr. ROBBINS. Is theie not an amendment
J to that amendment pending, submitted by the
| gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Oru5]
] The SPEAKER. There is an amendment to
I it, submitted by the gentleman from South Caro-
i Una, but it is in the nature of a substitute.
! The question was taken on the amendment; and
' it was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question is now on the
amendment to the substitute offered by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Haven,] which is
as follows:
; Resolved, (the Senate coneurrme,) That the President
of the Senate and the Speaker of the Hou^e of Represent-
atives adjourn their respective Houses on the fourth day in
July next, at twelve o'clock, m., until the thud Monday in
October next: Pronded. That no per diem compensation
j shall be drawn by members of the House and Senate for
such recess.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
the proposition of thegentleman from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Orr.]
The substitute was read, as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the President
of the Senate, and the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives, adjourn their respective:# Houses on Monday, August
14th, at twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. LETCHER. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman who offered that amendment, why
mileage was not inserted in it as well as per diem ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 would ask the
Chair how that got in r
The SPEAKER. It got in under the rulingof
the Chair at the time that it was in order to amend
the substitute proposed to the original resolution.
There were various questions before the Chair
made the decision.
Mr. JONES. The ruling would be undoubt-
edly correct where the original proposition had
been disposed of; but certainly, I think, the Chair
will see that the amendment to tiie substitute was
not in order while there could be still an amend-
ment to the original proposition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair refers the gen-
tleman from Tennessee to cases of this sortwhere
the same decision as that made by the Chair in
this case, has been made. There was such a
decision made here this moment, when an amend-
ment was offered to the substitute. In respect to
the question whether an amendment to an amend-
ment can be held in abeyance, the Chair decided
that it could be so held; and so did Mr. Cobb and
others of my predecessois decide.
Mr. DRUM. I ask for the yeas and nays upon
the substitute, and not upon the amendment.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to make
that demand until the amendment is disposed of.
The question now is upon the amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. Will it be in order to move
an amendment to that—to add "mileage" after
the " per diem ?"
The SPEAKER. It will not, as the previous
question has been seconded.
Mr. HAYEN. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 46, nays 110; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Appleten, Ball, Ben-on, Campbell, Car-
penter, Chngnian, Cook, Corwin, Crocker, Dick, Edmands,
Eveihart, Guiding*, Goodrich, Greenwood, Aaron Hailan,
Haven, Howe, Hunt, Ingersoll, Knox, Latham, McCul-
loch, McDougall, Mace, Mavall, Meacham, Morgan, Nor-
ton, Paiker, Pringle, David Ritchie, Ru-sell, Tallin, Sage,
Seward, William R. Plinth, Alevandci II. Stephens, An-
drew Smart, Nathaniel G. Taj lot, Thin ston, C< pltau). Wal-
bridge, Walley, Warren, and Tapnati Wentwmth—46
NAYS—Messis. Abeioiombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willi- Allen, Asii,., Rariy, Belcher, Hell, Roeoek, Bovc-e,
Breckinridge, Bridges, Brooks, Bugg, Caiuthers Caskie,
Chamberlain, Chandler, Chrisman, Chuiehwell, Clark,
Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Curtis, Cutting, John G Davis, Daw-
son, Disney, DowdelJ, Drum, Dunbar, Dunham, Edmund-
son, Thomas D. Eliot, John M. Elliott, Ellison, English,
Ethoridge, Ewmg, Fullei, Gamble, Goode, Gicen, Hamil-
ton, Andrew J. Harlan, Hasting, Hendricks, Ilenn, Hies-
ter, Hill. Hillyer, Houston, Hughes, Johnson, George W.
Jone«, J. Giancv Jones, Roland jones, Keitt. Kidwell,
Lamb, Letcher, Lindley, Linrislev, Macdouald, McMuilin,
Maurice, May, John C. Millei, Smith Miller, Million, Mor-
rison, Nichol«, Old®, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver,
Orr, Pennington, Bi.shop Peikin*. John Peik n«, Phelps,
Powell. Preston, Puive.ir, Ready, Riddle,Thomas Ritchey,
Robbing Roe«is. Rutlin, Sapp, Shannon, Shaw, Singleton,
Skeltou, Genit Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
George W. Smyth, Fiedenck P. Stanton, Richard H. Stan-
ton, Hestor L. Stevens, Stratton, John L. Taylor, Trout,
Vail, Hiael Washburn, Westbrouk, Daniel R. Wright,
and ilendnek B. Wnght—110.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the substitute of the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Orr.]
Mr. DRUM. Upon that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messis. Cox and
Vail were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 7], noes 69.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the resolution as amended.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 move to lay the resolu-
tion upon the table.
Mr BRECKINRIDGE. Upon that motion
I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 64, nays 82; as follows:
i YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, Ball, Beicher, Bell, Benson,
| Boyee, Campbell, Caskie, Chandler, Crocker, Dick, Dis-
: nev, Eveihart, Ewins, Fuller, Goode, Goodrich, A. Hnr-
; lan, I-Iaven, Ilenn, Hillyer, Hunt. Jngersoll, Roland Jones,
, Kent, Knox, Lamb, Letcher. Lindsiey, McCulloch, Mc-
| Dougall, McMuilin. Mace. Mayall, Millson. Morgan, Mur-
\ ray, Noi ton, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Pen-
i riiiigton, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Powell, Preston,
