1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
669
this opinion shall gain credence on this floor, j
Identified with every village or hamlet in the !
country, by ligamentsoftradeand interest,thecity j
of New York is interested in whatever develops
the growth or industry of any section of the coun- j
try. Considering our population and growth, the j
record will demonstrate we have never obtruded !
our claims on Congress to the injustice of any of 1
the other sections of the Union. The aggregate
population of this country is not yet twenty-five :
millions, one seventh of whom reside in ourgeo- j
graphical State limits. The aggregate of personal j
and real property in the whole United States is j
eight thousand millions of dollars. The value of !
the property in the State of New York is estimated >
at twelve hundred millions of dollars, showing
our wealth as well as our population to be more j
than one seventh of the whole property of the i
United States. We have a capital invested for \
educational purposes of six million seven hun- j
dred thousand dollars, the best commentary of the ■
estimate we place on the importance of diffusing '
intelligence and educating our people. The annual '
revenue from our taxes alone, in the city of New |
York, may be estimated at eleven millions of dol-
lars—more than one half of the whole revenues of
the General Goverment—a sum exceeding thirty- j
seven millions of dollars was received at the custom-
house during the last year in the city of New York. \
Fifty millions of dollars of foreign coin will be ;
brought there this year by the four hundred thou- j
sand emigrants that will make this country the ,
home of their adoption. A hundred millions of :
dollars from California and Australia will also be
brought there during the next year, the greater
portion of which will pass through the assay
office, for which you have begun to provide.
Through this, and other channels, we hope to
regulate the commercial exchanges of the world.
Our National Treasury has now in its vaults thirty
millions of dollars, more than half of it collected
at the city of New York. I therefore respect-
fully press upon the favorable action of the com-
mittee, the sound economy of terminating the
lease, taking the property, which hereafter may
be sold, without loss, if the public interest should
be promoted by such a course.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I would inquire whether it
will be in order to amend the section before the
question is taken upon the motion to strike out. •
The CHAIRMAN. It will be in order.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move to amend by reducing !
the appropriation to one dollar.
Mr. Chairman, 1 desire to say at the outset, to ^
my fiiend from New York, that it is m no spirit;
of hostility to that measure that I oppose this ,
appropriation in this bill. I shall vote for that
appropriation in its proper place, but, at thesame
time I say it is due to those of us who have stood
by the Committee of Ways and Means upon
principle, that the gentleman from Kentucky, who
represents the Committee of Ways and Means
upon this bill, should join us m voting to strike
out this provision of the bill. Sir, I was willing
to go, and did go with him, in opposing this ens- ,
tom-house amendment to the hazard of losing the ;
appropriation for an important work in my own
section of country. And upon what ground5.
Upon the ground that we ought not to hazard the i
passage of a bill which was necessary to carry on ,
the ordinary purposes of Government. Now,
sir, I adhere to that principle. If I mistake not,
my friend from Kentucky [Mr. Breckixiudge]
made a special appeal to the House not to hazard
the passage of the bill by voting for appropriations
which are not necessary to carry on the ordinary
purposes of the Government.
Now, I appeal to that gentleman to stand with
me in opposition to this measure, and to advocate
with me the striking from the bill this appropria-
tion—which certainly is not necessary tor any
such purpose—and let us confine this deficiency
bill to those appropriations which are neces&aiy
for that purpose. I think a proper regard for con-
sistency requires him to do it. I know 1 am con-
sistent when I take this course. I assure gentle-
men that if they would reduce this bill to its proper
sphere, they should at once strike out this measure,
and place the matter beyond a doubt. Let us pass
the bill containing only appropriations for legiti-
mate and proper objects, and then let us consider
and pass those other measures in a proper manner
in a separate bill.
But, sir, gentlemen can no more stand here and
insist upon retaining this provision of the bill than
they could that for the custom-house in Providence,
Pthode Island. The committee have stricken out
that; they have refused to make provision for any
of the custom-housed in the country; and now, m
between the sum before appropriated and the one
needed to carry out this contract, the committee
recommend this item in the deficiency bill.
" One word more. This question is treated, it
seems to me, in a pointof view different altogether
good faith, to be consistent with themselves, they J from what it ought to be. The question is, shail
are bound to strike out this appropriation for the
benefit of the assay office in the city of New York.
That will be consistent with the vote aireadygiven
rejecting the amendment of my friend from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Preston.] Reduce this bill down to
what it ought to be, and make it a bill to provide
for the necessities of the Government, and then
we can give it an almost united support—both
Whigs and Democrats. We can then take up all
these outside matters and vote upon them.
Mr. COBB. I am opposed to the amendment
offered by my colleague. He complains of the
House for having striken out an appropriation for
the custom-house at Providence, Rhode Island.
Mr. PHILLIPS. By no means. I said it was
right. I voted in favor of striking out that appro-
priation.
Mr. COBB. Well, my colleague holds that
because that was stricken out it is the duty of the
House to strike out this provision also.
we legislate now for the benefit of two banks in
the city of New York, or shall we legislate for
the benefit of this Government? We get the ben-
efit of a provision in the contract by which we
secure to this Government an advantageous pur-
chase, and the result will be just this: If we do
not buy from mistaken economy, or other motive
not so creditable, we shall have paid out at the
end of fifteen years in rent $795,000, and we shall
have lost the whole cost of the building, which
amounts to at least $100,000, making an expend-
iture in fifteen years of $895,000, and not a grain of
sand left afterwards belonging to the Government
| toshowtheavails. Ontheoiherhand,takeourstip-
I ulation, and whatis the result? Wepay §530,000
I out ofany money unappropriated; and at the end of
| the term, by that single expenditure of little more
I than half a million, we have building, land, and all,
Add interest upon the
m for less cost than the rent.
j' purchase money for fifteen years, at the rate of five
Mr. PHILLIPS. I said, that to be consistent, |i per cent., and the Government does not pay in-
the House must do it. !! terest on funds not in use, and the whole aggre-
Mr. COBB. Well, I am never governed in my !j gate is $925,500—being a difference of $32,500
votes here by what the House may do. I never |j only; and for that $32,500 we own, as 1 observed
allow my course to be governed by the action of i; before, in fee-simple the whole property; whereas
the House. |< by paying rent, you have not got a brick, or a
I voted against striking out that appropriation j] grain of sand belonging to you. Who will own
for the custom-house at Providence, Rhode Island. j| it? Who but the banks? And it is a bonus to
I found it in the bill as reported by the Commit- ;| these two institutions, at the end of fifteen years,
tee of Waysand Means. I intend to sustain that b over and above their rent of the whole land, or of
committee in my action upon this bill, and to vote k the building. That is just the state of this ques-
to keep it in the shape in which they have report- ' tion.
ej ]; One word as to Pennsylvania. Philadelphia
As to this appropriation for the assay office in ij has grown, Mr. Chairman, to be a magnificent
New York, I am opposed to striking it out upon I; city. The last census, if I remember correctly,
principles of economy. I believe it is right; and j! gave her some four hundred and fifty thousand
1 shall vote for it because I find it here, without ;! or four hundred and sixty thousand people. In
regard to the question whether it would be more j my judgment she has grown to be too large, and
appropriate to have it in another bill. I am always ' ' " ' " ' *
appropriate .
ready to vote upon what is presented to me here |
for my consideration; and although I may believe i
that propositions presented here are improperly '
presented, still, when I am called to act upon them,
I will do it according to my best judgment. -
I find this appropriation here; 1 believe it to be
right, and I shall support it. I voted for the es-
tablishment of. the assay office m New York. I
fought for it for six years before we succeeded in
getting it. 1 do not say this for the purpose of
exciting my Pennsylvania friends, who are par-
ought to be far above the small considerations
which seem to operate here.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, I do
not rise for the purpose of discussing the merits
of this appropriation. My purpose simply is to
show the real position occupied here by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in relation to it, and
to relieve that committee from the position in
which my friend [Mr. Preston] has so ingeni-
ously placed it.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I rise to a point of
order. My point of order is, that I do not under-
stand the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Breck-
ticularly interested in opposing that measure. I ,   . 0 . ...
have supported the Mult in Philadelphia, but, at j inridge] as speaking m opposition to the am wid-
th e same time, I have been in favor of the estab- ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
lishment of the assay office m the city of New CuttingJ
York. 1 believe that it is economy to appropriate
this money for the purchase of these buildings, and
I hope the committee will sustain the provision.
| Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. 1 desire to amend the
, amendment.
! The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment is
| in order. There is an amendment to the amend-
} ment already pending.
I The question was then taken on the amendment
i to the amendment, and it was rejected.
I Mr. CUTTING. I move to amend the pro-
! vision proposed to be stricken out by striking out
j the word "thirty," and inserting " fortyin lieu
1 thereof, so as to make the appropriation $540,000 -
I instead of $530,000. j
! It has been objected, Mr. Chairman, by many
| gentlemen upon this floor, that this appropriation
j does not partake of the character of a deficiency;
! and m regard to that I have to onseive, tiiat at
1 the last session of Congress the Secretary of the
Mr. CUTTING. I withdraw my amendment,
so that the gentleman from Kentucky can make
another amendment and speak to it.
The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York asks leave to withdraw his
amendment. Has he the unanimous consent of
the committee for that purpose?
i Objection was made; and the amendment was
therefore not withdrawn.
; Several Members. What is the amendment ?
i The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. The^amend-
ment is to stiikeout the word "thirty,"' in the
! one hundred and thirtv-fifth line, and to insert
j " forty," which would make it read "five hundred
! and forty thousand dolors," instead of "five
! hundred and thirty thousand."
Mr BRECKINRIDGE. Well,I am opposed
to that. _ , . ,
The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. To he strictly
in order, the gentlejft&U should confine himself to
i otherwise, grounds or buildings for the purpose
of this assay office. Under that general authority
| he entered into a contract which, for the present,
I was a lease, and which also contained m it a slip-1
| ulation for the benefit of the Government, of a
; purchase, and he recommends that that purchase :
j shall be made. In order to procure those build- (
i ings if he desired, Congress placed at his disposal ;
■ Alio,000, and no more. In Older to carry out:
i the purchase that he has contracted to make, and •
' to make it, would take $530,000, and consequently ^
the appropriation made for that purpose is alto-:
gether deficient, and to make up the deficiency j
not be appropriated instead of $530,000.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I submit, Mr. Chair-
man, that it would be very hard, after the latitude
that has been allowed to members in this debate,
and after the remarks that have been made, not to
be allowed to make a brief explanation I have
not troubled the committee much, and I merely
wish to explain in behalf of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 have no objection to the
gentleman from Kentucky being permitted some
latitude on the subject of these custom-houses.
The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. The present
