1380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
praying to be protected in their rights; which was
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. RUSK presented a petition of citizens of
the United States praying Congress to take such
measures as will secure the liquidation of their
claims against Mexico, arising from losses and
damages sustained from the confiscation of mer-
chandise by that Republic, in violation of treaty
stipulations; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
Also, the memorial of Rachel Herbert, praying
compensation for extra services performed by
her late husband, Nathaniel Herbert, deceased,
while an assistant messenger m the Post Office
Department; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. TOUCEY presented four memorials of per-
sons engaged and interested in the navigation of
Long Island Sound, and the adjacent waters,
praying an appropriation for the erection of a fog
bell at Saybrook light-house, in Long Island
Sound; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. CASS presented the following memorials,
praying the adoption of such measures as will se-
cure to American citizens residing or traveling in
foreign countries the enjoyment of their rights of
conscience and religious freedom:
Memorial of ministers and elders of Madison
Presbytery, and citizens of Rising Sun, Indiana;
Two memorials of citizens of Cincinnati, Ohio,
and its vicinity;
Memorial of citizens of Louisville, Kentucky;
and
Memorial of members of the General Assembly
of the Cumberland Presbyterian Church, in ses-
sion at Memphis, Tennessee.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
OrJcrct!, 'rii.it Uie |x:ti(mn ui G. G. ami the
heirs of Tliomas iinrtiott lie withdrawn from tin; lilrs of Ihr
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Foieisn Rela-
tions.
On motion by Mr. COOPER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of James A. Ulcmlini; be
wnliiltiuvii frmn tile files, of the Senate, ami referred m the
Committee on Claims.
CHEAP OCEAN POSTAGE.
Mr. BADG12R presented a petition of citizens
of Wilmington, Raleigh, and various towns in
North Carolina, praying a reduction in the rates
of ocean postage, also a petition of inhabitants
of ihe town of Newbern, North Carolina; apeti-
tion of inhabitants of Guilford county, North
Carolina; and a peiition of the inhabitants of the
town of Wilmington, Noith Carolina, in favor of1
the same object; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the i'ost, Office and Post Roads.
Mi*. MASON. I am requested to present to
the Senate ihe petition of certain inhabitants of the I
town of Union, Loudon county, Virginia, asking
for the reduction of ocean postage. I heard tile j
Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Badoi-.r] pre- i
sent a series of similar petitions a few moments 1
ago. I have presented one or two from the intei ior
of my own State; and it is a singular fact that
petitions on this subject should come from the in-
terior. it so happens that the gentleman who ['
sent me this petition, suites in his letter to me!
that it had been sent to him by Mr. Ehhu Burritt, j
with tlie lequesl that he would get signatures, 1
and send it ti, the Senate. ° i
Mr. il.VDGEIt. That I understand to be the i
case in regard to those 1 presented. j
Mr. MASON I do not wish it to he jnf'Tretl, j
in presenting these petitions, that I impliedly ?ive !
any opinion upon the propriety or expediency of'
the proposed reduction of ocean postage. 1 ask j
that the petitions he referred to the Committee on !
the Post Ottice ana Post Roads. I
They were so referred.
Mr. GWIN. I have joint resolutions on the'
same subject, of more authority than the petitions
presented by the Senatois from Virginia and North '
Carohno. They are the joint resolutions of the ;
Legislature of California, which passed both i
bodies unanimously, in favor of the reduction of!
ocean postage. I ask that they may be referred i'
to the same committee, and ordered to be printed. I;
It was so ordered. !
Mr. COOPER presented a petition of inhabit- ii
ants of Nornstown, Pennsylvania, praying a re- i1
Ruction of the rates of ocean postage; which was 1
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. GILLETTE presented a petition of inhab- !
itants of the town of Wolcottville, Connecticut; 1
and a petition of the inhabitants of the town of
Bristol, Connecticut, praying a reduction of the
rates of ocean postage; which were referred to the j
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition of citizens of
Columbia, South Carolina, praying a reduction of
the rates of ocean postage; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS PROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions,to whom were referred documentsin relation
to the claim of Betsy Whipple, widow of Stephen
Whipple, a soldier in the last war with Great
Britain, to a pension, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for her relief; which was read,
and passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Abigail Saunders,
praying to be allowed bounty land as the widow
of Joseph Davis, a soldier in the last war with
Great Britain, submitted an ad verse report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Peter
Amey, praying a pension on account of wounds
received in the naval service of the United States,
during the last war with Great Britain, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill for the relief of
Peter Amey, (colored man;) wluch was read, and
passed to a second reading. The report was or-
dered to be printed.
j He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following petitions, submitted
i adverse reports thereon; which were ordered to
i be printed:
i Petition of William B. May and others, citizens
j of Massachusetts, praying the enactment of a law
] authorizing certain invalid pensioners of the United
j States, living m that State, to draw pensions from
! the date of the injury received m the public ser-
j vice;
, Petition of.Tane M. Rudulph, widow of Thomas
J C. Rudulph, late captain in the United States
1 revenue service, praying for a pension; and
Petition of John R. Presher, praying to be
allowed back pension.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. SLJDELL asked and obtained the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to mtioduce a bill for
the relief of the assignee** or le^al representatives j
of Jacques Moulon; which was read a first and 1
second time by its title, and referred to the Com- i
mittee on Private Land Claims |
NP-W YORK ASSAY OFFICE.
Mr. FISH. J have been requested to present >
the remonstrance of the Chamber of Commerce of 1
the city of New York, against any alteration of ;
the existing law with regard to the assay olfice in !'
that city, which may affect its preterit efficacy. '■
A bil! is on the table against which this remon- ,
strance is particularly directed. I move, there- ;
fore, that the remonstrance lie on the table.
Mr. GWIN. I will take this occasion to say •
that there was an omission m that part of the bill '
against which this remonstrance is presented,
which is the cause of the opposition to it. It is in- '
tended by the Commituc on Finance to have that I
corrected when the bill comes be'orc us again.
Mr. FISH. Then, do I understand the Sena- ,
tor to mean tluit when the bi'l enmes up, the 1
two sections which are excepted will be stricken ;
out ? !
Mr. GWIN. I will state to the Senate that j
the principal objection to the bill is that it gives to '
the depositors m the assay office, in the city of !
New York, only the right to redemption in bullion—
in bars. The object of the bill was to allow them ;
to be paid in coin, or refined or assayed bars, \
doing away entiiely with certificates, and paying !
them in coin at the New York assay office. That i
was the object of the bill. '
Mr. FISH. This remonstrance will reach even
the proposition which I understand the Senator
now to indicate as thai which the committee will
propose.
The remonstrance was ordered to lie on the
table.
THE NEBRASKA BILL.
Mr. WELLER. I ask leave to present joint
resolutions which have been passed by the Legis-
lature of California, upon the subject of the Ne-
braska bill. I may be allowed to say that it is
exceedingly gratifying to the delegation from that
State in Congress, to find that their action has
been sustained by the representatives of the peo-
ple in the Legislature. These resolutions affirm
the propriety of that bill. They passed the
House of Assembly with only ten votes against
them, and passed the Senate with an opposition
of only seven votes. This, I undertake to say, is
one of the most decisive votes that has been given
by the Legislature of any State since the agitation
of the Nebraska question. As the subject has
been disposed of by the Senate, I move that the
resolutions be laid uporfthe table, and be ordered
to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. HOUSTON. I offer the following; resolu-
tion, and hope that the Senate will unanimously
consent to its consideration now:
That ihe Senate will hereaftei meet at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
Mr. BRIGHT and others objected, and the
resolution went over one day under the rule.
Mr. GWIN subsequently introduced the fol-
lowing resolution, and asked for its immediate
consideiation:
Resolved, That from and after Monday next, until other-
wise ordered, the daily hour of meeting of the Senate shall
bo cloven o'clock, a. m.
Mr. FISH. Let it lie over.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will suggest
that the Senator from Texas has offered a resolu-
tion similar to that.
Mr. GWIN. Then I withdraw mine.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. BADGER. 1 submitted, a few daysago,
the Senate will recollect, a resolution to rescind
the order which we made for the printing, by our
printer, of certain copies of the agricultural portion
of the Paient Office report, with a resolution order-
ing the simple punting of the same number which
was contemplated by the resolution which I pro-
pose to rescind, for the reason which I explained
at the time, that the resolution might be passed
by the Senate after the modification of our exist-
ing law, made by a provision agreed upon by the
two Houses m the deficiency bill, so that we might
get rid of the question of the printing being done
by our printer. It will now be done by our printer
without putting the words in the resolution. As
the work ought, to be now in progress, t hope the
Senate will take up. and dispose of those resolu-
tions.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tions; which were as follows:
Hnolved, That the resolution for printing ceitain addi-
tional coptc of the jumeultur.il poition of the Patent Otliee
report, n^-eed to by tin? Senate on the 29th inp'anr, bo. and
the same lieteln , reminded.
Ortlncd, That thru' be punted for tin* u-o of tilp fcunatc
lot iv thousand additional eupit- of the same, with the. plates
.ieeompa mng it, o( which live thou-iinxl shall ho for the
u-e ot the* Patent Office,
Mr. BADGER. It will be necessary to modify
the ievolution by making il read the "29th of
May," ns we have now got into .Tune.
The resolutions, as modified, were agreed to.
MECTIiNG ov CONGRESS.
IV! r. DOUGLAS, i" pur;vmnce of previous no-
tice, arkvd end obtaired leave Jo introduce a bill
providing for the annual mee'mg of Congress;
which was rend (wre by jtb tit-e.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 do not know that it is
necessary to iefe.'the b;ll to any committee. It
m?'kes thp annual meeting of Congress to com-
mence on the first Monday in October instead of
the first Monday m December, so as nearly to
equalize the two pessdons of Congress.
Mr. GW IN. I suggest to the Senator that he
let the bill he on the table, and have it ordered to
be printed.
The PRESIDENT. Thntoidtji wdl be made,
unless it be referred.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let it get on the Calendar.
AMENDMENT TO THE RULES.
Mr. BRODKEAD. I offer the following res-
olution:
