6^0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
occupant of the Chair is only temporarily fulfilling
that duty; and if the question is made at any ti me
I will endeavor to enforce the rule, and to keep
gentlemen strictly.to the explanation of, or reply
to, the amendment before the committee. With
the unanimous consent of the committee, the gen-
tleman,from Kentucky may now proceed to make
the explanation he desires.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I do not care now,
"Mr. Chairman, to make the remarks I intended. I
shall seek some other time in the discussion of the
bill to make the explanation I desired.
Mr. TAYLOR. I hope the gentleman from
Kentucky will proceed with his explanation. I
have no objection to his deviating from the'strict
rule. Other gentlemen have been allowed to do so,
and of course the same latitude should be extend ed
to him.
The question was then put on the motion of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cutting;] which
was not agreed to.
Mr. BISSELL. I move to amend by striking
out the words "five hundred and." The posi-
tion which I have occupied in reference to this
matter may be known by the fact that when the
former deficiency bill was pending I voted for that
' provision. In committee, while attached to the
bill, I voted for the bill in the House. But, sir,
so I also voted for the other provisions while the
same bill comprising them was pending. I voted
for the bill with these provisions in. Some of
these provisions I have now voted against, as I
shall vote against this one, for the reason that it
is, in my judgment, in the wrong place now.
The only point upon which { differ with the
committee in .the action which they have taken
upon this subject, is the one of inserting this pro-
vision in this bill; and if there is anything in the
bill which will endanger it, it is this. Has this
committee considered that of the $5,400,000, the
aggregate amount of appropriations made in this
bill, considerably more than one fifth of the whole
is for the purchase of these two banking houses;
and yet we are told that it is a deficiency bill, and
that there is a great necessity for its passage. A
deficiency bill! And how does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cutting] make it such? He
tells us that the Secretary of the Treasury has
madea bargain; that he has rented one or both of
these buildings; and now, finding thathecan make
a better bargain, he proposes to Congress that the
bargain be rescinded, and the Secretary be permit-
ted to make another bargain. And that makes this
appropriation a deficiency, does it ? The deficiency,
in my estimation, if it exists anywhere, exists
with the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sir, let this deficiency be placed in the other bill,
•where it properly belongs. There is no haste, and
no occasion for haste, in regard to this matter.
We have, if I remember aright, one and a half
years in which to close with this contingent bar-
gain, which has been entered into by the .Secretary
of the Treasury, in relation to these two banking
houses.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. As I under-
stand the amendment of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, it leaves in the bill a part of this appropri-
ation. I am opposed to that amendment for that
reason, because I consider that the whole of the
appropriation is wrong, according to the'decision
of the House heretofore made, in refusing to put
the custom-house appropriations into the bill.
I desire, further, simply to say that 1 shall vote
for this assay office appropriation, whenever it
shall come up in the other bill. I would have
voted for it here, because I consider it right, if the
other propositions in reference to custom-houses,
equally right, as I believe, had been put into the
bill. - But, as gentlemen have excluded them upon
a point of principle, and as no man can show what
principle of right requires that the one proposition
should be included in this bill and the other ex-
cluded—if they be equally reasonable in them-
selves—lam obliged, to be consistent, to vote to
exclude the proposition under discussion, in order
that it may be introduced into the other bill, and
form an additional inducement to bring it forward
for successful action.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Bissell, and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE was recognized by the Chair.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 believe I have
the floor. My opinion is, that in respfect to the-
lease 
A Voice. Make an amendment.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 am going to offer an amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is only in
order by offering an amendment.
Mr. BAYLY. I suppose I can tell what my
amendment is. I desire to say that the amend-
ment which I intend to offer is one for which we
have a precedent, in a case similar to this. I do
not desire to reduce my amendment to a precise
technical form, until I can see how to frame it,
that it may read correctly in connection with the
bill; but the substance of it is to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to get clear of this lease
upon such terms as will not be detrimental to the
public service.
I beg leave to say here that we have a prece-
dent for such action in a similar case. The Atlan-
tic warehouses were rented injudiciously and im-
properly, and the Committee of Ways and Means
at the time recommended that we should get clear
of those leases; and they used upon that occasion
the same arguments precisely as are made now."
They wished to get rid of the leases, and obtain
private warehouses instead of public ones.
In the present matter I think the point is just
this: that it is perfectly true, if this lease is to con-
tinue, and if Congress does not mean to get rid of
it, we had better buy the property. In that respect
I perfectly agree with the Committee of Ways and
Means, and I fully agree with my friend from
New York [Mr. Cutting] also in that respect.
It is wisdom to purchase this property, or make
some amendment here with a view to get clear of
this injudicious lease. The proposition to my
mind, as a practical man, is clearly a proper one. If
we mean to maintain the lease, we had better take
advantage of the alternative given to us in the con-
tract to purchase the property, for it is demon-
strable that such a couise will be a saving to the
Government in the end. But it occurs to me that
the first action of this committee in respect to
this matter should be to first ascertain whether
we can get rid of the lease. If we can, we had
better not buy the property, in my opinion, but
wash our hands of the whole transaction.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know if we can
get clear of that lease in any way?
Mr. BAYLY. We can negotiate and get clear
of it just exactly as we negotiated and got clear of
the lease that Walker made for the Atlantic ware-
houses. But we do not desire to discard this con-
tract. We do not desire to turn our backs upon
it, as improper as we thought it was; but we ought
to do one of two things, either to take some
steps to get clear of the lease, or to buy the prop-
erty. Prudence and economy dictate that, unless
we get rid of it, we should buy the property. I
think we may, by negotiation, obtain relief from
the contract. At any rate, I do not think that the
appropriation is in its proper place here in the
deficiency bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Virginia. I
will state that the warehouse which was rented
by Mr. Walker was not the propertyof the Gov-
ernment. I think, therefore, that my friend from
Virginia is mistaken in relation to the power which
has "been exercised at any time in regard to that
matter.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Bayly's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. What is the propo-
sition now before the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. It isaproposition to strike
out the clause of the bill providing for the pur-
! chase of the lease of the buildings for the assay
j office in New York city.
| Mr. ORR. If the gentleman from Kentucky
! [Mr. Breckinridgr] will yield the floor to me,
i I will offer an amendment so as to make the gen-
i tleman in order in replying to it. I move to reduce
! the appropriation two dollars. I occupy, with
reference to this bill, the same position very
nearly 
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I thought the gen-
tleman from South Carohna offered the amend-
ment for my benefit. [Laughter.]
I Mr. ORR. I certainly did, and I thought that
| the gentleman wanted something to oppose, and
| that the amendment would afford him that oppor-
I tunity in reply to me. I occupy the same position
with my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell,] for
when this proposition cagie before the House {
voted for it upon the yeas and nays. 1 believe it
was the weight of that appropriation that aided
materially in breaking down the bill; and 1 be-
lieve that this appropriation now, if it is not
stricken from the bill, will do more to sink it than
any one single item in it. I have not examined
this matter very minutely or particularly since;
but I doubt now whether the vote which I then
cast was a correct one, and it is for that reason
that I desire to get some information from the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, so as to relieve the doubts
whichl havein regard to this matter. Atallevents,
whether the information is satisfactory or not, I
am in favor of striking out this appropriation
from the deficiency bill, which can just as well be
inserted in the civil and diplomatic bill. This ap-
propriation, as a deficiency, ought not to be in
this bill, ido not think that the Secretary has
exercised a judicious discretion in making the
contract I am in favor of repudiating the con-
tract, if the Government is notbound by the bond;
and I desire to inquire of the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr Breckinridge] if the papers have
been executed in such a manner between the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and these parties owning
the property, as will preclude the Government
from repudiating the contract? If we are in that
position, then I have no doubt that itisexpedient
that you should purchase the site at $530,000,
rather than that we should pay $>53,000 per annum
for fifteen years. I think the Secretary exceeded
the discretion which Congress intended to vest in
him at its last session; for it was never imagined
that he, in renting or leasing, would,upon his own
responsibility, attempt to bind the Government
absolutely for^een years, or force us to purchase
the property. He has placed the Government in
a position that we are compelled to pay $530,000
foi the purchase of the site, or to pay $53,000 per
annum for fifteen years. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky give me the information which I have
indicated ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If the gentleman will
look at the law of the last session, he will observe
that it confers upon the Secretary the authority to
lease property for an assay office.
Mr. ORR. But not for fifteen years.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The law does not
limit the time, and the authority is clear. Then,"if
the gentleman will examine the contract made for
the lease of this ground, he will observe that the
Goverment are bound to pay this rent for fifteen
years, unless they purchase the site. The papers
are at my desk, and any gentleman who desires
can examine them.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What authority
had the Secretary to make any such contract?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The lease was made
in pursuance of the law of the last session.
Mr. SMITH. But does that law confer upon
him the authority to make such a contiact for fif-
teen years ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The law confers the
authority because it makes no limit. Now, sir,
I desire to make a single remark, and it is the last
I shall make m connection with this provision. I
do not intend to say one word as to the propriety
or impropriety of adopting it, but only to relieve
myself and the Committee of Ways and Means
from the position which my colleague, [Mr. Pres-
ton,] and some other gentlemen who have spoken
to the same point, have placed us.
I was somewhat amused at the course of my
colleague after the defeat of his custom-house
amendment. He fairly took the wind out of the
sails of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Florence,] who had intended to father the op-
position to the assay office. Whether it was for
the purpose of making a graceful retreat, or
whether it was a maneuver to secure good com-
pany for his custom-houses, I will not undertake
to say. If the latter was the intention, I am not
sure but it was a judicious move. He knows
very well that if the House vote this provision out
of the bill, that gentlemen from New York will
endeavor to get it put m somewhere else. It might
very well come into the custom-house bill; and if
the gentleman can get an appropriation for an
assay office in New York attached to the hill for
'the benefit of custom-houses and marine hospitals,
the maneuver would not by any means be a bad
one. We have had some experience in this House
