2*238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July,
alter, and renew at pleasure; to ordain and estab-
lish by-laws, ordinances, and regulations, and
generally to do every act and thing necessary to
carry into effect this act, or to promote the objects
and design of this corporation.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the cap-
ital stock of this corporation shall not exceed one
hundifidand fifty thousand dollars; that a share
in the same shall be twenty-five dollars, and books
of subscription to the said capital stock, or to such
portions thereof, as from time to time may, by
the directors, for thetimebeing, be deemed proper
and necessary, shall be opened by the appoint-
ment, or under the direction, of the directors here-
inafter named, subject to such rules, limitations,
and conditions as by them shall be prescribed; and
the stock of the said company snail be deemed
persona! property.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the stock,
property, and affairs of the said company shall be
managed and conducted by and under the ArecUon
of a president and seven directors, being stock-
holders; that the said directors shall be elected on
the first Monday of June, in the year eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, and on the same day in
each succeeding year thereafter, and shall hold
their offices for one year from the day of their j
election, and until other directors shall be elected
in their place; that such election shall be held in
Gpoigetown aforesaid, at such time and place as
a majority of the directors for the time being shall
appoint, und notice of such time and place of elec-
tion shall be given by advertisement in one or
more newspapers printed and published in the
said town, at least fourteen days before the day
of holding such election; and every such election
shall he by ballot, and by such of the stockholders
as shall attend for that purpose, either in person
or by proxy; and each stockholder shall be enti-
tled io one vote for each share of the stock which
lie or she may have held, and may continue to
hold in 1\ih or her own name, for at least fourteen
days before the time of voting; and the persons
having the greatest number of votes shall be the
directors; and if it shall happen that two or more j
persons shall have an equal number of votes, the
directors in office at the time of such election shall,
by a plurality of votes, given by ballot, determine
which of the persons so having an equal number
of votes shall be director or directois, so as to
complete the whole number to be chosen; and the
directors so chosen shall, as soon as may be there-
after, proceed to elect by ballot one of their own
number, or one of the shareholders, to be their
piesidenf: find whenever any vacancy shall happen
in the said board of president and directors, the
same shail be filled up by the remaining directors
by plurality of votes, until the next annual elec-
tion: 1'iorhled always, That the president of the j
said company, and at least six of the diiectors, ,
shfill he inhabitants of the said town. j
Sm1 4. .'hid be it father fnactcd, That David !
Knglish, Uobeit P. Dudge, Kichard Crnikshank, I
"VVilImm 1V1. Fitzhugh, Richard Pettit, William P. j
Seymour, Adolphua H. Pickrell, and William <
Bucknell shall be the fim directors of the said i
company; the first named of whom shall be their j
president,and shall hold their offices until the first j
Monday in June, m the yeareighteen hundred and |
fifty /our, and until others are chosen in their j
places, [
Sec. 5. Jind be itjarther enacted, That in case it !
shall happen at any time that an election for direr- ]
tors rthall not take place on the day appointed bv
this act for that purpose, the said corporation shall
not for that cause, or for any non-user, be deemed
to be dissolved, but it shall and may be lawful to
hold an election for directors on any other day, in
such manner as shall be provided for by the by-
laws of the said corporation.
Sec. G And be it further enacted, That it shall
arid may be lawful for the directors, or a majority
of them, to require payment of the subscriptions
to the capita! sto^k of the said corporation at such
times and m such proportions as they, or a ma-
jor.ty of them, ahall deem fit, under the penalty of
for felting any or all previous payment or payments
thereon: Provided, Notice of the installment re-
quired to be paid shall have been published at least
fourteen days in one or more of the newspapers
printed and published in the said town, before the
day appointed for the payment thereof.
Slc 7 12nd be it farther enacted, That the Presi-
dent and dirtciors shall have full power and au-
thority to manufacture, make, and sell gas, to be
made of coal, oil, tar, peat, pitch, turpentine, or
other material, and to be used for the purpose of
lighting the city of Georgetown, or the streets
thereof, and any buildings, manufactories, or j
houses therein contained and situate; and to lay |
pipes for the purpose of conducting gas in any of \
the streets, lanes, or alleys of the said city: Pro-
ttided, however, That the said company shall so
conduct the manufacture of gas as not to injure
privateproperty,orcreatea nuisance; and that the
said pipes shall be laid, subject to such conditions,
and in compliance with such regulations, as the
corporation of Georgetown, aforesaid, may from
time to time prescribe: And provided further, That
the right to erect and put up any buildings, works,
or apparatus, for the manufacture of gas, shall be
subject to such terms, conditions, restrictions, and
regulations as the said corporation of Georgetown
may, from time to time, prescribe or direct.
Skc. 8 And be it further enacted, That if any
person or persons shall wilfully do, or cause to
be done, any act or acts whatsoever, whereby the
works of the said company, or any pipe, conduit,
plug, cock, reservoir, or any engine, machine, or
structure, or any matter or thing appertaining to
the same shall be stopped, obstructed, impaired,
weakened, injured, or destroyed, the person or
persons so offending shall forfeit and pay to the ;
said corporation double the amount of the damage
sustained by means of such offense or injury, to
be recovered in the name of said corporation, with
cost of suit in any action of debt, or on the case,
to be brought in any court having cognizance
thereof.
Sec. 0. And be it further Ynnctcd, That nothing
in thisactshull jjf construed to prevent any person j
or persons, nor any incorporated company, here- 1
after to be created by Congress for that purpose. '
from engaging in and pursuing the business speci- j
fied in the seventh section of this act; and that it I
shall be lawful for Congress, at any time hereafter, j
to alter, amend, orrepeal this act. v
Sec. 10. Awl be %t farther enacttd, That nothing j
in this act contained shall be construed to author- j
lze the said Georgetown Gas-Light Company to j
make, issue, or put in circulation any bill, draft, I
check, order, promissory note, change ticket, or
anything else promising or agreeing to pay money,
intended to circulate as money, or the tendency of
which shall be to circulate as money or currency,
and the violation of any one of the provisions of
this section shall be a forfeiture of the charter
hereby given, and shall subject each of the directors
voting f<n the same to a fine of fifty dollars.
Sec. 11. And be it farther enacted, That each of
the stockholders in the Georgetown Gas-Light
Company shall be held liable in his or her individual
capacity for all the debts and liabilities of the said
company, however contracted or incurred, to be
recovered by suit, as other debts or liabilities, be-
fore the court or tribunal having jurisdiction of the
case.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That all right
granted to the Washington Gas-Light Company
by un act entitled " An act to amend an act entitled
' An act to incorporate the Washington Gas-Light
Company, approved July eight, eighteen hundred
and forty-eight,'approved August st corn), eighteen
hundred and fifty-two," to lay gas mains or pipes
m the city of Georgetown, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Approyld, July 20, 1854.
be held on the first Monday of November, in
each year, instead of the third Monday of Decem-
ber, as heretofore provided by law.
Approved, July 20, 1854.
Public, XLH.—A a.'let m? j tlaling the Time of hold-
ins; the Sessions of the District and Circuit Courts
of the United States in the Eastern Dish let nf Lou-
isiana.
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there shall hereafter be annually
only three stated sessions of the district court of
the United States for the eastern district of Louis-
iana, which shall be held at New Orleans on the
third Mondays of November, February, and May:
Provided: That the judge of said court shali be,
and he la hereby, authorized to adjourn any stated
session to any time or times pievious to the next
stated session of said district court, whenever he
may deem it expedient.
Sue 2. And be It further enacted,, Thst the fall
term of the circuit court of the United States for
the eastern district of Louisiana, shall hereafter
Public, XLIII.—An Act making further Appropri-
ation for the Improvement of the Cape Fear lliver>
North Carolina.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of one hundred and forty
thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated for the year ending thirtieth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, to be paid out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, and to be expended under the superin-
tendence of the Secretary of War, for the contin-
uation of the improvement of the Cape Fear river,
North Carolina, at or near its communication with
the ocean.
Approved, J*uly 22, 1854.
Public, XL1V.— An Act to establish the Offices of
Surveyor General of New Mexico, Kansas, and
Nebraska, to grant Donations to Actual Settlers
theiein, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Ameiicain Congress
assembled, That the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, shall be, and he
is hereby, authorized to appoint a surveyor gen-
eral for New Mexico, whose annual salary shall
be three thousand dollars, and whose power, au-
thority, and duties shall be the same as those
provided by law for the surveyor general of Ore-
gon; he shall have proper allowances for clerk-
hire, office rent, and fuel, not exceeding what
now is or hereafter may be allowed by law to the
said surveyor general of Oregon; and he shall
locate his office, from time to time, at such places
as may be directed by the President of the United
States.
Sec. 2. And be it further endcted, That to every
white male citizen of the United States, or every
white male above the age of twenty-one years who
has declared his intention to become a citizen, and
who was residing in said Territory prior to the
first day of January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
three, and who may be still residing there, there
shall be, and hereby is, donated one quarter sec-
tion, or one hundred and sixty acres of land.
And to every white male citizen of the United
States, or every white male above the age of
twenty-one years who has declared his intention
to become a citizen, and who shall have removed
or shall remove to and settle in said Territory be-
tween the firsj day of January, eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, and the first day of January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, there shall in
like manner be donated one quarter section, or
one hundred and sixty acres, on condition of
actual settlement and cultivation for not less than
four years: Provided, however, That each of said
donations shall include the actual settlement and
improvement of the donee, and shall be selected
by legal subdivisions, within three months after
the survey of the land where the settlement was
made befoie the survey; and where the settle-
ment was made after the survey, then within
three mouths after the settlement has been made;
and all persons failing to designate the boundaries
of their claims within that time, shall forfeit all --
right to the same.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That, on proof
of the settlement and cultivation required by this
act, to the satisfaction of the surveyor general, or
other officer designated by law for that purpose,
subject to the supervision of the Secretary of the
interior, a certificate shall be issued to the party
entitled, on presentation of which, if approved
by the Secretary of the Interior, a patent shall
issue thereon: P>ovided, however, That on the
death of any such settler before the completion of
the four years'occupancy and cultivation required
by this act, the right shall descend to his heirs-at-
law, who shall be entitled to a certificate and
patent, as aforesaid, on proof, as before pro-
vided, of continued occupancy and cultivation by
such settler to the time ol his death: Provided,
howecer, That when lands are claimed under any
of the provisions of this act by persons who are
not citizens of the United States, patents shall not
issue therefor until they become citizens.
