1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
of the success of these coalitions; and if this is the
intention of my colleague, the move has been well
made. But, sir, I will not advise these gentlemen
to take tins course; I merely throw out the sug-
gestion.
But, sir, my colleague in the course of his re-
marks attacked with great vigor this measure, as
a favorite one of the Committee of Ways and
"Means. Not at all. I have explained before to
the committee the origin of this amendment, and
' theconnection the Committee of Ways and Means
have had with it. It was not in the bill as origin-
ally introduced by them. It was introduced upon
the motion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Haven,] though the committee, for reasons which
have been given, supported the amendment after
it had been offered. The committee did put it
in this bill; but do not gentlemen know that in
framing this bill the committee have not been gov-
erned by their own views as to the propriety or
impropriety of provisions contained in the old bill,
but by the expression of the wishes of the House
as given by their voles upon the different items?
The House, by a very large majority, voted in
favor of this measure, and the Committee of Ways
and Means, therefore, put it in the bill, not as in-
structing the House, but as being instructed by it.
The provision is now before you, and it is en-
tirely immaterial to me whether you put it in the
bill or reject it. I only say to the gentleman from
New York, that he need have no fear as to the fate
of this appropriation. It must pass. Ifitdoesnot
pass now, it will at some other time. It is only a
question of time and place. If it is stricken out
of this bill, it will be inserted in the custom-house
bill; or failing there, it-Avill certainly go into the
general appropriation bill. The Government is
pledged either to pay the rent for fifteen years or
to make the purchase; and it is clearly a matter
of economy for us to make the purchase.
Now, in reference to the appeal made to me by
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Phillips] to
withdraw the provision from the bill, I have to say,
that I have no authority to do any such thing. I
have no authority to change the line of policy
marked out by the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Will you vote for striking it
out of the bill?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. No, sir, I will not
vote to strike it out. I shall vote for the appro-
priation in good faith; but, as I said in the outset,
I do not intend to discuss the proposition. It is
before the committee, and it is immaterial to me
whether they put it in or strike it out.
The question was taken, and Mr. Orr's amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. As I think all legislation
ought to express the true facts of the case, 1 move
to amend by adding, at the end of the paragraph
proposed to be stricken out, the following words:
"The said appropriation having been made necessary in
consequence of two umvi'e contracts made by the Secre-
tary oi till' Treasury." [Laughter ]
It seems to be pretty generally conceded on all
sides of the House, by the Democrats as well as
the Whigs, that these contracts were very unwise
and injudicious; and if this appropriation shall be
voted, it will be voted under that settled convic-
tion. Now, it seems to me that there is a pro-
priety in putting upon the face of every act the
true state of the facts, as near as they can be as-
certained, which led to its passage. It strikes me,
therefore, that this amendment would come in
very properly here, and will explain this whole
affair.
Mr. DEAN. I do not propose to debate this
bill or any of the amendments. It seems to me
that we are all prepared to vote upon this question,
and I therefore ask for a vote upon it.
The question was then taken ot^Mr. Letcher's
amendment to the amendment; and it was re-
jected.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to reduce the appro-
priation to one dollar.
Mr. Chairman, if I could but divest myself of
the position that I occupy, as a Representative
from Philadelphia, and assume the position that
I desire to occupyupon this floor, simply as a
member wishing to promote an economical ex-
penditure of the public money, I presume the
remarks which I am about to make would have a
better effect upon the House. Still I solicit the
attention of the committee, desiring members to
give me credit for sincerity, being satisfied that I
can present facts which cannot be controverted.
I desire, in the first place, to protest against this
appropriation being considered a deficiency. I can-
not, for the life of me, understand how the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means can torture this prop-
osition to appropriate §530,000 into a deficiency,
when the amount first appropriated for this pur-
pose was simply $100,000. In order that we may
go along properly and smoothly, I will at this
point read the section of the bill making an ap-
propriation for the establishment of this assay
office at New York which was passed at midnight,
or at two or three o'clock in the morning of the
4th of March, 1853; for be it known—I desire the
country and the new members of this House to
know it-—that that proposition 
Mr. DEAN. Will the gentleman allow me one
word ?
Mr. FLORENCE. No, sir.
Mr. DEAN. Did not the gentleman vote forit?
Mr. FLORENCE. That amendment came
into the House some time in the morning of the
4th of March. I do not now recollect the precise
hour, but it was after the five-minute debate had
been closed on the civil and diplomatic bill; and
the amendment was not even read when the com-
mittee of conference between the two Houses
made their report upon that bill.
Now, I say that that appropriation was intend-
ed to be final, and I will prove it by the record
that I have before me, and by the declarations
made upon this floor by members from the city
of New York. Out of their own mouths I intend
that they shall be condemned. The section for
the establishment of the assay office at New York
reads thus :
" For carrvmg into effect the provision in tins act estab-
lishing an assay office in the city ofNew York, in addition
to the charges authorized to be received, .$'100,000 is hereby
appropriated out of any money ill the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated."
Now, sir, the gentleman of the Committee of
Ways and Means having charge of this bill, gave
me the paternity of this opposition; but I do not
think that I am entitled to it, nor do I deserve or
desire especial commendation or notice because
of the course I have, from a sense of duty, pur-
sued in relation to this appropriation. I regard
it extravagant snd unnecessary, for reasons that
I shall proceed as briefly to state as my very lim-
ited time will permit.
When we considered this whole subject, a day
or two ago, I attempted to show that the cost of
the support of the assay office was greater than
any one had the most distant possible idea of. I
gave figures to prove that the cost of conducting it
was more than §100,000 per annum, and urged
that no public necessity required or justified such
an expenditure. No one, m the most extended
view he dared take of this subject, when it passed
the House a little more than a yearago, conceived
that more than$100,000,theamountappropriated,
or even that amount, would be required to con-
summate the object of the law. Why, take its
phraseology, and we find that this sum was ap-
propriated to the purpose; and it was then inti-
mated it would be more than was necessary, be-
cause a portion of the custom-house in New York
would be or could be made available for the pur-
pose of assaying gold which would be brought to
it. Besides the objection urged against the enor-
mous expense—which was alleged to be §30,000—
of the transportation of bullion to the parent Mint
at Philadelphia, was the principal, indeed almost
the only substantial argument adduced in support
of it. Now, what is the reality now presented lo
us. The really enormous sum of §530,000 is
asked for these bank buildings, §46,400 for sala-
ries of officers, &c., and 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, I have no
desire to occupy the time of the committee m
reference to the general question of the bill. What
1 have to say will be in allusion particularly to
what fell from the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Phillips,] as to the reason why this appropria-
tion for the assay office in the city of New York
should be made an exception to the appropria-
tions for custom-houses, which were, by a voteof
the committee, ruled out from this bill. The ground
I shall take on that point is this: The great, the
ruling necessity for this appropriation for the estab-
lishment of an assay office m INew York city is not
one which relates mainly to that city and itsinter-
ests. The question is a national one. Theeetab-
lishment of that assay cilice would be a matter-of
■ national economy. Therewould be a saving of from
• §45,000 to $55,000 per annum in the transportation
, of gold to and from Philadelphia, and the interest
| on the money for the period during Vhich it is
■ delayed. The whole amount of gold received in
; New York during the last yeaf was something
| like §60,000,000. The cost for its transportation
j to and from Philadelphia is at the rate of seventy-
| five cents on the §1,000; and there would then be
| an absolute expenditure of §45,000 per year.
; That is not lost to the city of New York;, it is a
j! loss to the revenue of the United States, which
i would be paid into the assay office in ingots. It
I is a loss to the people of the United Stales m the
: Aggregate; and that being so, it strikes me that it
is a consideration which renders the insertion of
this clause in this bill reasonable and just. It
ought not to be an exception.
Mr. HIESTER. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If we get a vote on
this we shall easily pass the other items.
The question was put on the motion that the
committee rise; and, on a division, there were—
ayes 69, noes $4.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask for tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Witte appointed.
The question was then put; and the tellers
reported—ayes 76, noes 85.
j So the committee refused to rise.
i The question then recurring upon the amend-
| ment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
i [Mr. Florence,] it was put; and the amendment
! was not agreed to.
j Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move an amend-
' ment to reduce the sum five dollars, and 1 make
the amendment in order to say to the committee,
that as they have voted down a proposition to get
clear of this lease for these buildings, 1 think a
clear case is madein favor of purchasing the prop-
erty. That is all 1 have to say upon the subject.
A Voice. That is right.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Bat the gen-
tleman from Virginia before said that the appro-
priation for this purchase ought not to be in this
bill, at any rate, but should be put in the other
bill.
Mr. WITTE. I desire to say a word in op-
position to the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] but by no
means to indorse the reasons which he assigned
for it.
It is well, perhaps^ that this committee should
understand that the amendment now before it, in
reference to the assay office in New York, is one
of considerable importance—important not only
to this House, but to the country. The committee
will agree with me, that much has been said here,
when amendments have been offered, contempla-
ting additional appropriations for custom-houses,
and marine hospitals, in sums involving but one
or two thousand dollars, in any one case. But
jl here we have a direct proposition to vote into this
:j bill, under the name, and in the guise of a defi-
ciency, an appropriation of more than half a mil-
I lion of dollars. Now, sir, there are weighty
j reasons why this amendment should not remain
in the bill, and the country ought to know it.
There are important reasons why this subject
should be made a subject for the special legislation
of this House, and the country ought to know
that. I will state one or two of them briefly.
I know the capacity of the parent Mint at Phil-
adelphia. I know the cost of that institution. It
was $250,000. I know its competency now to do
all the work required of a mint, and more. I
know that the hands at that Mint are not now
. fully employed. I know that §100,000 were ap-
propriated at the last Congress for the establish-
i ment of an assay office in the city of New York,
and I know that, at that time, the friends of that
measure stated that such sum would be all that
would be required. Now, an additional appropri-
ation of §530,000 is asked for. That circumstance
may well attract the attention of the House and of
the country.
I do not propose to enter into that discussion
now; but will do so at the proper time. But
this point I desire to state to the committee and
