1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1381
Resolved, That the 30th rule for conducting the busmen
of the Sen ite, he amended by inserting after the svord
" standing,the words *• or select
so that the clause will reach
—" or moved by tue duection of a standing or select com-
mittee of the Senate °
i will read the whole rule:
'4 No amendment proposing additional appropriations
shall be received to any general appropriation hill, unless
it be made to carry out the provisions oi some exiting iaw,
or some art or resolution previously parsed by the Senate
during that session, or moved by direction of a standing
committee of the Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate
from the head ot some of the Departments, and no amend-
ment shall be received whose object l* to ptovide for a pri-
vate claim, unless it bn to carry out th<> provision? of an
existing law, oratreaiv .supination."
It seems to me the recommendation of a select
committee is entitled to as much consideration as
that of a standing committee. I hope, therefore,
as the amendment is one which in so obviously
just, the Senate will at once agree to the resolution.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to amend tile amend-
ment by striking out all of the rule after the woid
"iaw."
Mr. BRODHEAD. Is the amendment to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Missis-
sippi in order? lie does not propose to amend
the resolution which I have offered.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair h of opinion
that it is not in order.
The resolution was agreed to by a vote, on a
division, of ayes 22, noes 12.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. i
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol- 1
lowing enrolled bills:
A bill to authorize the selection of school dis-
tricts, in lieu of the sixteenth sections, within the
twelve miles square reservation, Slate of Ala- i
bama. i
A bill to authorize a register to be issued to the 1
steamer El Paraguay by a new name.
ELIJAH BEEBE.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Committee on Indian ;
Affairs have had under consideration the House '
bill for the relief of the widow and heirs of Elijah j
Beebe, and directed me to report it back and rec- 1
ommend its passage. As it is for a small amount, i !
as its payment has been so long withheld, and as :i
the evidence is so very satisfactory, I ask for its
consideration at the present time. ij
The Senate accordingly proceeded to consider
the bill, as in Committee of the Whole. ,1
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas- ||
ury to pay to the parties mentioned, $3,016—the jj
amount or" principal adjudged to be justly due, jj
and owing to them from the confederated tribes ii
of Sac and Fox Indians, by the Hon. Henry
Dodge, Governor of "Wisconsin Territory, ond 'j
ccc officio superintendent of lndmn affairs, by his
original certificate, numbered eight, given at the Jj
" superimendency of Indian affairs for the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin, Mineral Point, July 7,1837." 11
The bill was repotted to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a thud reading1, read a
third time, and passed. ,j
BOOKS TO NEW MEMBERS.
Mr. FOOT. 1 move that the Senate pioeeed to
the consideration of the resolution which was called
up some days ago by the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Jones,] not now present, ft provides for thedis- i
tribution of eight copies of the pension and bounty
land laws to new members.
The motion was agreed to. ;
The resolution was agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the joint resohition of the 24th ol Febru- ,
nry, 1854, for supplying new members of the present Con-
gress with all sue)* book-. o< a public character, and in the
same proportion as were furnished to members oi either
House during the last Uoi«jre*s, embrace Mayo rind Moul-
ton's edition of the Pension, Bounty Land Laws, Sec., in
the proportion ot eight copies to each of said nwv-' mem-
bers; and that the Secretiny of the Senate shah under- i
stand and execute the saul resolution. ;
THE UNITED STATES MINT.
Mr. FISH submitted the following resolution ; ■
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved« That the Secietary of the Treasury be requiied
to communicate to the Senate copies of all quarterly or
other accounts of the expenditures of the Mint, which have
been returned since the 3d day of March, 1853; and also, a
statement of the amount received or charged to depositors
at the Mint at Philadelphia, since the 3d of Muicli. 1853,
! tor refining, parting, wastage, or other ehaiges, specifying
; the amount under each separate charge.
; INDIGENT INSANE BILL VETO-
i The Senate resumed the reconsideration of the
i biii makmg a grant of public lands to the several
! States of the Union for the benefit ot indigent in-
sane persons, which had been returned^ by the
; President of the United State#, with his objections.
Mr. CASS addressed the Senate against the
, bill, and in support of the veto. [His speech will
' he found in the Appendix.]
Mr. CLAYTON". I purpose to reply to the
honorable Senator from Michigan on this subject.
Mr. MASON. The Senator, I presume, does
j not desire to continue the debate to-day. I move
; to postpone the further consideration of this sub-
■ ject until to-morrow, with the view of going into
Executive session.
The motion was agreed^to.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
A message was received trom the House of
1 Representatives, by Mr. Fornf.?, their Clerk,
' announcing that they had passed a concurrent
' resolution, fixing the 14th of August for the^ad-
j joumment, slut die, of the two Houses ot Con-
: gress at the present session.
I EXECUTIVE SESSION.
' On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
| ceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
1 ness; and, after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened; and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuf.sday, June 13, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milbukn.
The Journalof' yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. DENT. As I am about to leave the city
on account of ill health, I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to allow me 10 report a bill.
Mr. HAMILTON. Is it for the purpose of
reference ?
Mr. DENT. I wish to have it referred, and
placed upon the Calendar.
There being no objection, the bill was then re-
ceived, read a first and second time by its title, as
follows: ,
A bill for the relief of Mrs. Mary A. M. Jones.
Referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. HAVEN. On some day last week i in-
troduced a resolution to close debate upon the
Pacific railroad bill. L do not know whether it
was entertained, if it was, 1 desire to amend it
so as to close the debate to-moirow, at two
o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The motion was not enter-
tained. The understanding had by the Clerk was,
tleman withdrew it for the time being.
two o'clock, p. m. And I would say, in addition,
that I do not choose to interfere m the manage-
ment of that bill, as gentlemen who are very com-
petent on that subject have it in charge; but if its
discussion is to be continued, then 1 think it right
to have the debate limited in accordance with the
terms of my resolution.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the gentleman from
New York to withdraw his proposition, as 1 pur-
pose lO'day, after the House has gone into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
to have a final disposition made of the hill for the
present, and perhaps for this session of Congress.
1 do not intend that it shall occupy further time of
the House this session. Perhaps that will meet
the views of the gentleman from New York, and
other gentlemen.
Mr. HAVEN. My only desire in relation to
this matter is, to keep the discussion within a rea-
sonable compass, and to use the ordinary dili-
gence in the transaction of business. This is a
matter which can be readily disposed of. I had
no desire to interfere improperly with the business
of the gentleman from California. 1 therefore,
for the present, withdraw my resolution, with the
understanding that the gentleman from California
will introduce a proposition for the final disposi-
tion of the matter.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I want to offer an amend-
ment or substitute to the Pacific railroad biil; and
to enable me to do so, I now move that the rules
of the House be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman from
California allow me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I withdraw my motion
for that purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Cali-
fornia d esirea to have a postponement of the special
order on the Pacific railroad hill made by unani-
mous consent, the House is the proper place to
have it done, and not the Committee of the Whole
on the State of the Union. If the gentleman has
an amendment or substitute to that bill which he
wishes to offer, he wants to have it printed, of
course. This he can have ordered by the House,
and not by the committee.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then 1 am authorized
by the special committee on the Pacific railroad to
propose the following amendment to the bill.
Several Members. Read it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is not necessary to
have it read. Let it be printed.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 want to state the sub-
stance of the amendment. Its purpose is to limit
the northern route by the same parallel of latitude
which limits the southern route; that is, by the
thirty-seventh parallel.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to postpone the further consid-
eration of this bill to the second Monday ill
December next.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 understand, Mr. Speaker,
'''IvJr'tlAVF^r" Tthen move the ordinary res- j that the railroad surveys which have been made are
okuion"Tse debate on that bill to-morrow, ut!. not ye, ready to be reported, and that, when_they
two o'clock. . .
The SPEAKER. The business first m order
is the consideration of the question of puvdege
raised by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gid-
■D1NDS.1 . .. ,
Mr. CLINGMAN. There is evidently no quo-
rum in the House at present; and 1 think it would
be better to wait till there be a quorum, to dis-
pose of that matter. •
The SPEAKER. Then, by the unanimous
consent of the House, that matter goes over for a
moment. The motion of the gentleman [Mr.
HoejjI will be received.
Mr HENN. 1 wish to appeal to the gentle-
man from New York not to interfere with the
morning hour by making this motion at the pres- ,j of business
ent time, We have fixed a day for adjournment,,
let us, therefore, go on regularly with the busi- ;
ness before us, and consume the morning hour in ^
receiving reports from committees. |
Mr. HAMILTON. The morning hour has ,
not commenced yet. . i
Mr. HENN. But we ought to receive reports i
during; the morning hour. .
Mr! HAVEN. One thing at a time, gentle-.
men, and we will get on quite as well and as ex-:
peditiously. 1 propose the resolution to close
' delv.ue on the Pacific railroad bill to-morrow at
are presented, they will show the fact of the prac-
ticability of a route in which those 5 represent
are interested, commencing on the border of the
State of Missouri, and extending by the way of
Albuquerque to the eastern border of California.
! therefore hope the bill will be postponed until
the report of the surveys already made shall be in
the possession of the House.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection to
the motion of the gentleman from California, the
postponement indicated by him will be ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. And the amendment just
offered be printed ?
The SPEAKER. Yes, it is so ordered.
Mr. COBB. Now let us have the regular order
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the special order was postponed,
and to lay the motion to reconsidei upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The first business 13 the con-
sideration of the resolution offered a few days
since by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gin-
DINGS.]
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. 1 ask the unanimous
consent of the House to make a report from the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
that it maybe printed for the use of members.
