1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That none of
the provisions of this act shall extend to mineral
or school lands, salines, military or other reserva-
tions, or lands settled on and occupied for pur-
poses of trade and commerce, and not for agri-
culture, and all legal subdivisions settled on and
occupied, in whole or in part, for purposes of
trade and commerce, and not for agriculture, shall
be subject to the provisions of the act of twenty-
third of May, eighteen hundred and forty-four, j
in relation to town sites on the public lands, !
whether so settled and occupied before or after j
the survey of said lands, except that said lands
shall be donated instead of being sold.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That when
the lands in the said Territory shall be surveyed,
under the direction of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, preparatory to bringing the same into
market, sections numbered sixteen and thirty-six
in each township, in sa|,d Territory, shali be, and
the same are hereby, reserved for the purpose of
being applied to schools in said Territory, and in
the States and Territories hereafter to be created
out of the same.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That, when
the lands in said Territory shall be surveyed as
aforesaid, a quantity of land equal to two town-
ships shall be, and the same is hereby, reserved
for the establishment of a university in said Ter-
ritory, and in the State hereafter to be created out
of the same, tp be selected, under the direction of i
the Legislature?in legal subdivisions of not less i
than one half section. |
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That any of j
the lands not taken under the provisions of this ,
act shall be subject to the operation of the pre-
emption act of fourth September, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-one, whether settled upon before
or aft^r the survey; and, in all cases where the
settlement was made before the survey, the settler
shall file his declaration within three months after
the survey is made and returned; and any person
claiming a donation under this act shall be per-
mitted to enter the land claimed by him at any
time prior to the four years' occupancy and culti-
vation required, by paying therefor at the rate of
one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre, and
proving occupancy and cultivation up to the time
of such payment.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted; That it shall
be the duty of the surveyor general, under such
instructions as may be given by the Secretary of
the Interior, to ascertain the origin, nature, char-
acter, and extent of all claims to lands under the
laws, usages, and customs of Spain and Mexico;
and, for this purpose, may issue notices, summon
witnesses, administer oaths, and do and perform
all other necessary acts in the premises. He shall
make a full report on all such claims as originated
before the cession of the territory to the United
States by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, of
eighteen j^undred and forty-eight, denoting the
various grades of title, with his decision as to the
validity or invalidity of each of the same under
the laws, usages, and customs of the country
before its cession to the United States; and shall
also make a report in regard to all pueblos exist- j
ing in the Territoiy, showing the extent and i
locality of each,'stating the number of inhabitants j
in the said pueblos, respectively, and the nature
of their titles to the land. Such report to be made '
according to the form which may be prescribed j
by the Secretary of the Interior; which •report
shall be laid before Congress for such action
thereon as may be deemed just and proper, with
a view to confirm bona fide grants,,and giv^full
effect to the treaty of eighteen hundred and forty-
eight, between the United States and Mexico;
and, until the final action of Congress on such
claims, ail lands covered thereby shall be reserved
from sale or other disposal by the Government,
and shall not be subject to the donations granted
by the previous provisions of this act.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That full power j
and authority are hereby given the Secretary of
the Interior to issue all needful rules and regula-
tions for carrying into effect the several provisions
of this act.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the Pres- |
ident of the United States be, and he is hereby, I
authorized to appoint, by the advice and consent l
of the Senate, a surveyor general for the Territo- j
ries of Nebraska and Kansas, who shall locate j
his office at such place as the President of the j
United States shall from time to time direct, and
whose duties, powers, obligations, and responsi-
biliifes, and compensation shali be the same as
those of the surveyor general of Wisconsin and
Iowa, and who shall be allowed the same amount
for office rent, fuel,incidental expenses, and clerk
hire as is allowed to said surveyor general of Wis-
consin and Iowa.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That said
surveyor general shali cause the necessary sur-
veys to be made in said Territories of standard
meridian, base and parallel lines, and of township
and subdmsional lines, under such rules and reg-
ulations as shall be prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office.
Sec. IS. And be it further enacted, That all the
lands to which the Indian title has been or shall be
extinguished within said Territories of Nebraska
and Kansas, shall be subject to the opeiations of
the preemption act of fourth September, eighteen
hundred and lorty-one, and under the conditions,
restrictions, and stipulations therein mentioned:
Provided, however, That where unsurveyed lands
are claimed by pieemption, notice of tne specific
tracts claimed shall be filed within three months
after the survey has been made in the field, and
on failure to file such notice, or to pay for the
tracts claimed before the day fixed for the public
sale of the lands by the proclamation of the Pres-
ident of the United States, the parties claiming
such lands shall forfeit all right thereto: Provided,
said notices may be filed with the surveyor gen-
eral and to be noted by him on the township plats,
until other arrangements shall have been made by
law for that purpose.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the
public lands in the Territory of Nebraska, to
which thelndian title shall have been extinguished,
shall constitute a new land district, to be called
the Omaha district; and the pub^c lands in the
Territory of Kansas, to which the Indian title snail
have been extinguished, shall constitute a new land
district, to be called the Pawnee district: the offi-
ces for each of which districts shall be established
at such points as the President may deem expe-
dient; and he is hereby authorized to appoint, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, a
register and receiver of public moneys for each of
said districts, who shall each be required to reside
at the site of their respective offices, and they shall
have the same powers, perform the same duties,
and be entitled to the same compensation as are
or may be prescribed by law in relation to other
land offices of the United States. And the Presi-
dent is hereby authorized to cause the surveyed
lands to be exposed for sale from time to time, in
the same manner, and upon the same terms and
conditions, as the other public lands of the United
States.
Approved, July 22, 1854.
Public, XLV.—An Act for the relief of the Widows
and Orphans of the Officers arid Seamen of the United
States schooner Grampus, who were lost in that
vessel in March, eighteen hundred and forty-three,
near the coast of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the same provision as is made
by the act entitled "An act for the relief of the
widows and orphans of the officers, seamen, and
marines, of the brig Somers," approved the four-
teenth day of August, eighteen hundred and forty-
eight, and "Ail act for the relief of the widows
and relatives of certain officers and seamen of the
United States brig Washington, who were lost
overboard in ahurricane,"approved February the
third, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, be also
extended to the widows and orphans of the offi-
cers and seamen who were lost in the United
States schooner Grampus in the gale of March,
eighteen hundred and forty-three, near the coast of
the United States.
Approved, July 27> 1854.
Public, XLVL—An Act creating a Collection Dis-
trict in „Yetu York to be called the Dishict of Dun-
kirk, and constituting Dunkhk a Pott of Entry,
and the Ports of Barcelona, Silver Cretk and Cat-
taraugus Creek Ports of Deliiery.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
dissembled, That the counties of Cattaraugus and
Chautauque, and the harbors, rivers, and waters
on the southern shore of Lake Erie, in the State
of New York, west of and including .Cattaraugus
Creek, and the shores on each -side of said creek,
and west along the shore and territory bordering
on Lake Erie aforesaid, to the Pennsylvania State
line, and the islands in the said lake contiguous
thereto, heretofore embraced in the district of Buf-
falo Creek, shall be, and are hereby, constituted a
collection district, to be called the district of Dun-
kirk; and a port of entry for said district is here-
by established at Dunkirk, and the ports of Bar-
celona, Silver Creek, and Cattaraugus Creek shall
be ports of delivery.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be appointed, in the manner prescribed by
law, a collector of customs for the aforesaid dis-
trict who shall thereafter, and during his continu-
ance in office, reside at the port of entry created
by this act, together with such other subordinate
officers of the customs as are provided for by law,
and the compensation of said collector shall be
such sum as shall be designated by the Secretary
of the Treasury in the classification of the compen-
sation of collectors of customs, not to exceed one
thousand dollars per annum: Provided, That in
case no classification of the compensation of col-
lectors of customs shall be made, thetf the compen-
sation of the collector for the port of entry estab-
lished by this act shall be five hundred dollars per
annum, together with such fees and emoluments as
are authorized by existing laws.
Sec. 3, And be it further enacted, That de'puty
collectors of customs for the several ports of de-
livery constituted by this act shall be appointed
and compensated for their sprvices in the mode
j prescribed by existing laws; and said officers shall
exercise all the powers and duties vested in deputy
collectors of customs under existing laws.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
Public, XLVil.—An Act making Appropriations
to defray the JExpenses of the Cayuse war.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre*
sentatives of the United States ofAmenca in Congress
assembled, That there be, and hereby is, appro-
priated, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the further sum of seventy-
five thousand dollars to pay the actual and neces-
sary expenses incurred by the provisional gov-
ernment of Oregon in defending the people of the
said Territory from the attacks and hostilities of
the Cayuse Indians, in theyears eighteen hundred
and forty-seven and eighteen hundred and forty-
eight, and for such allowances for the expenses of
adjusting the claims on that account as the Secretary
of the Treasury may deem proper, not exceeding
five dollars per day to each commissioner; and that
the Secretary of the Treasury pay out of said,ap-
propriation so much thereof as may be necessary
to liquidate said claims according to the reports of
the commissioners heretofore appointed for ascer-
taining said amounts and of the Governor of said
Territory, that have been communicated to Con-
gress. And no claims shall hereafter be allowed
on account of this war which are not presented at
the Treasury Department of the United States
within the next fiscal year.
Sec 2. And be it further enacted, That all of
said claims and accounts not heretofore adjusted,
shall be settled and adjusted at such place and in
such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury
, may prescribe. And the Secretary of the Treas-
i ury is hereby empowered to reexamine any award
that has been or may be made of said claims, and
! to reduce the amount, if, m his judgment, founded
I on proof, it should be too much.
! Approved, July 27, 3854.
I Public, XLVIII.—An Act to increase the Salaries
i of Executive and Judicia)y Officers in Oregon, New
' Mexico, Washington, Utah, and Minnesota.
| Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
1 sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
J assembled, That the annual salaries of the chief
1 justices and associate judges of the Territories of
! Oregon, Washington, Utah, and New Mexico,
I be, and the same are hereby, increased to the sum
j of two thousand five hundred dollars each; and
that the salary of the Governor of New Mexico
1 be, and the same is hereby, increased to the sum
| of three thousand dollars; and that of the secre-
| taries of Oregon, Washington, Utah, and New
