£240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July,
Mexico, to the sum of two thousand dollars per
annum.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the annual
salaries of the chief justice and associate judges of
the Territory of Minnesota be increased to two
thousand dollars.
Approved, July 27, 1S54.
Public, XLIX.—An Act making Appropriations for j
the payment of Invalid and other Pensions of the ;
United States for the year ending the thirtieth of \
June, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five. I
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- [
sentatives of the United States of America in Congiess I
assembled, That the following sums be, and the j
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money i
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for 1
the payment of pensions for the year ending; the
thirtieth of June, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-five;
For invalid pensions, under various acts, three
hundred and twelve thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For pensions to widows and orphans, under
acts of the fourth of July, one thousand eight
hundred and thirty-six, and twenty-first of July,
one thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, nine-
ty-six thousand dollars.
For pensions to widows, under acts of the
seventh of July, one thousand eight hundred and
thirty-eight, third of March, one thousand eight
hundred and forty-three, and seventeenth of June,
one thousand eight hundred and forty-four, ten
thousand dollars.
For pensions to widows, under acts of the sec-
ond of February, one thousand eight hundred and
forty-eight, and twenty-ninth of July, one thou- !
cand eisjht hundred and forty-eight, fifty-six thou- |
sand dollars. 1
For pensions and half pay to widows and or- !
phans, under act of the third of February, one ,
thousand eight hundred and fifty-three, three hun- ,
dred and seventy-six thousand*two hundred dol- j
5ars. I
Approved, July 27, 1854. 1
jPunuc, L.—An Act making provision for the Postal
Service in the State of California and in the Terri- i
toiies of Oregon and Washington. [
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- ■
sentatives of the United Siaies of America in Congress ,
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and !
he is hereby, authorized to empower the special j
agents of the Post Office Department in the State !
of California, and in the Territories of Oregon ,
and Washington, to appoint letter-carriers for the i
delivery of letters from any post office in the said i
State or Territories, and to allow any letter-carrier j
so appointed to demand and receive a sum for all .
letters, newspapers, or other mailable matter, not t
more thai* may be recommended by the postmas- ,
ter for whose office such letter-cai rier may be
appointed: Provided, That not more than twenty-
five cents shall be charged for any letter, news-
paper^ or ounce of other mailable matter. Ail
such appointments may be determined, atyi rates i
of compensation modified within the limits afore- <
s&id< whenever the same is found expedient in the
opinion of the appointing agent: And it is farther
provided, That all such appointments and con- j
tracts shall be subject to the approval of the Post- i
master General; and upon notice to any carrier of i
his rejection by the Postmaster General, his ap- ;
pomtment and contract shall be determined; and
that all letter-carriers appointed in pursuance of ,
this art shall be subject to the provisions of the !
forty-first section of the act entitled " An act to j
change the organization of the Post Office Depart- j
mem, and to provide more efiectually for the set- j
dement of the accounts thereof/" approved July ■!
second, eighteen hundred and thirty-six, except ]\
as herein otherwise provided: Provided, That no ij
letter or letters o;- other mailable [mallei 1 shall be i
delivered by tiny postmaster to said carriers, un- i
less requested m writing by the person or persons ;i
to whom said letters or other mailable matter may >;
be directed. 'j
Sec. 2 And be it further enacted, That each and i!
.every letter-carrier route which may be estab- j'
dished under the provisions of this act, shall be J
.deemed a post route during Us continuance; and the ; j
•provisions contained m the ninth, tenth, eleventh* ij
twelfth, and .fifteenth sections of an act entitled il
"An act to reduce the rates of postage, to limit
the use and correct the abuse of the franking priv-
ilege, and for the prevention of frauds on the rev-
enues of the Post Office Department," approved
March third, eighteen hundred and forty-five, and
the fifth and eighth sections of an act entitled "An
act to establish certain post roads, and for other
purposes," approved August thirty-first, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, are hereby made applicable
to said letter-carrier routes.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General be, and he is hereby, authorized
to cause the dead letters which may accumulate
in the post offices in said State and Territories
after the thirtieth day of June, in the year one
thuusand eight hundred and fifty-four, to be re-
turned in periods not less than quarter-yearly to
the post office at San Francisco, to be there opened
and examined under the direction of the postmaster
of that office, who shall, according to such regula-
tions as the Postmaster General may prescribe,
return to the Post Office Department such of said
letters as shall be found to contain money, valuable
papers, or matters of consequence, to be disposed
of according to law, and destroy such letters as
shall be found to contain nothing of value: Provi'
ded, however, That no dead letters shall be opened
which the*postal arrangements of the United States
with foreign countries require to be returned un-
opened to such countries respectively.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General may allow to the postmasters in
said State and Territories, from tne first day of
July, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-three,
such sums out of the postages collected at their
respective offices as will, in addition to the com-
missions, allowances, and emoluments, be suffi-
cient to defray the actual and necessary expenses
of their offices.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That the Post-
master General be, ami he is hereby, authorized
and directed, m the settlement of the accounts
of postmasters in the State of California and Ter-
ritory of Oregon, serving as such previous to the
thirtieth of June, Anno Domini eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, to allow to such postmasters all
just and reasonable expenses incurred by them in
and about the business of their respective offices,
and the discharge of their official duties: Provided,
That no allowance shall be made whereby the
United States shall be charged with any indebted-
ness whatsoever.
Approved, July 27, 3854.
Public, LI.—An Act to Ascertain and Adjust the
Titles to certain Lands in the State of Indiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentafives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the register and receiver of the
land office at Vincennes, together with a fit and
proper person learned in the law, and a citizen of
Indiana, to be appointed by the President of the
United States, are hereby constituted commis-
sioners to ascertain and adjust the title of any
claimant to any tract of land, or any part or sub-
division thereof, granted by the resolve of Con-
gress of the twenty-ninth of August, seventeen hun-
dred and eighty-eight, and the act of the third of
March, seventeen hundred and ninety-one, entitled
u An act for granting lands to the inhabitants and
settlers at Vincennes, and the Illinois country in
teiritory northwest of the Ohio, and for confirm-
ing them in their possessions," and the several
acts in aid of, and supplementary thereto.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That every
such claimant to any tract of land so granted, or
any part or subdivision thereof, shall, within six
months after the publication of the notice herein-
after provided for, file his claim in writing, with
the said register, m which he shall specifically set
forth such facts as shall be required in the instruc-
tions of the Commissioner of the General Land
Ofiice.
Skc. 3. And be it farther enacted, That such
register, upon the receipt of such instructions,
shall give notice, by publication in some news-
paper of general circulation in the vicinity of the
said lands, of his readiness to receive applications
of claimants, to which notice shall be attached the
instructions of the said commissioner.
Sec. 4. And be il farther enacted, That such
commissioners shall meet immediately after the
time allowed for filing such claims, and shall hold
their sessions in the town of Vincennes. They
shall have power to compel the attendance of
witnesses, administer all necessary oaths, and to
hear and decide in a summary manner all matters
respecting such claims. Minutes of the proceed-
ings, decisions, meetings, and adjournments of the
said board, shall be regularly entered by the regis-
ter in a book kept for that purpose, together with
the evidence adduced in each particular case, upon
which their decisions have been made.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That every
claimant to any tract of land so granted, or any
part or subdivision thereof, who can produce to
such commissioners a regular chain of title from
the original confirmee to himself, or who can
show to their satisfaction a continuous and con-
nected possession in himself, and those under
whom he claims, for a period of twenty years or
more, next preceding the filing of his claim, or can
show such a claim or title.as would, in the courts
of Indiana, bar an action of ejectment, such claim-
ant shall be confirmed in his title.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That said com-
missioners shall, on or before the first day of
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, trans-
mit to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office a transcript of their decisions in favor of
claimants, which shall contain a fair statement of
the evidence on which each respective claim is
founded; and also a transcript of their decisions
against claimants, with a like statement of the
evidence and the reason of such injection.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, upon the
receipt of such transcript, shall issue a patent to
each claimant so confirmed in his title by the said
commissioners; and where any such claims have
been rejected, the said Commissioner, upon appli-
cation of the proper person, shall have po\yer to
revise such decision of the said board, and may,
if in his opinion the evidence warrants it, reverse
such decision, and issue a patent therefor to such
claimant: Provided, That this right to revise shall
not extend to those claims rejected, where the
same lands have been confirmed by the said board
to some other claimant: Andprovidedfurther, That
the patents so issued shall only be a relinquish-
ment of the title of the United States, and shall
not be construed into an abridgment of the rights
of third persons.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the com-
missioner appointed by the President, shall receive
a compensation of eight dollars per day, for each
and every day he may be engaged in the discharge
of the duties imposed by this act, and the register
and receiver shall receive such compensation for
their services as may be just and proper, in the
discretion of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office.
Sec. 9. And be it farther enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office to prescribe such rules and regulations
as may be necessary to give full effect to the pro-
visions of this act.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
Public, LII.—An Act to Incorporate the Proprietors
of the Glenwood Cemetery.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That Charles B. Calvert, George Parker,
William B. Todd, James C. McGuire, William
A. Bradley, Charles S. Wallach, Abner Miller,
William Banks, Joseph B. Close, William Phelps,
Wiliiam S. Humphreys, Randolph S. Evans, and
their successors, be, and they are hereby, created
a body-politic and corporate, by the name and
title of the proprietors of the " Gienwood Ceme-
tery, in the District of Columbia," and by that
name shall have perpetual succession, and shall
be able and liable to sue and be sued m any court
of law or equity, may have and use a common
seal, and shall have power to purchase and hold
not exceeding one hundred acres of land in the
District of Columbia, north of the limits of the
City of Washington, to sell and dispose of such
parts of said land as may not be wanted for the
purpose of a cemetery: Provided, That at least
thirty contiguous acres shall be forever appropri-
ated and set apart as a cemetery, with authority
to said corporation to receive gifts and bequests
for the purpose of ornamenting and improving
said cemetery, and to hold such personal property
