THE
GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHEDlBYJOmr"J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C,
33d Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, AUGUST 7, 1854.
New Series...141.
as may be requisite to carry out the object of this
act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enqcted, That the affairs
.of the said corporation shall be conducted by a
president and three managers, who shall be elected
annually, by a-majority of the votes of the.pro-
prietors; the said president and managers to fill
all vacancies m their own body, and shall have
power to lay out and ornament the grounds, re-
move and alter old buildings and erect new ones,
to lay out and sell or dispose of burial lots, to
appoint all necessary officers and agents, and fix
their several duties and compensation, and to
make such by laws, rules, and regulations as they
may deem proper for conducting the affairs of the
corporation, for the government of lot-holders,
and visitors to the cemetery, and for the transfer
of stock an^the evidence thereof. In all elections
held under this act, each proprietor shall be enti-
tled to one vote for each share held by him or her.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the cap-
ital stock of said company shall be represented by
two thousand shares of fifty dollars each, divided
among the proprietors according to their respect-
ive interests, and transferable in such" manner as
the by-laws may direct.
Sec. 4. Andbeitfurther enacted, That no streets,
lanes, alleys, roads, or canals, of any sort, shall
be opened through the property of said corpora-
tion, exclusively used and appropriated to the
purposes of a cemetery: Provided, That nothing
nerein contained shall authorize said corporation
to obstruct any public road, or street, or lane, or
alley, now actually opened and used as such.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That any per-
son who shall willfully destroy, mutilate, deface,
injure, or remove any tomb, monument, grave-
stone, or other structure placed in said cemetery,
or any fence, railing, or work for protection or
ornament of said cemetery, or any tomb, monu-
ment, gravestone, or other structure thereon, or
shall wilfully destroy, cut, break, or remove any
tree, shrub, or plant within the limits of said
cemetery, shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and on conviction thereof before any
justice of the peace of the county of Washington,
shall be punished by fine, at the discretion of the
justice, according to the aggravation of the of-
fense, of not less than five, nor more than fifty
dollars.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That until an
election shall be held under the provisions of this
act, the four last named persons in section first
shall be the managers of said corporation.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That burial
lots in said cemetery shall not be subject to the
debts of the stockholders thereof, and the land of
the company dedicated to the purposes of a ceme-
tery shall not be subject to taxation of any kind.
Sec. 8. And be it farther enacted, That the said
corporation shall provide for the return, from time
to time, to the co'rporation of Washington, reports
of all interments made in said cemetery of persons
.who may have died within the limits of the feaid
corporation of Washington, in such manner and
according to such forms as may be prescribed,
from time to time, by the corporation of Wash-
ington.
Sec. 9 And be it farther enacted, That a certifi-
cate, under seal of the corporation,of the owner-
ship of any lot aforesaid, shall in all respects have
the same etfect as any conveyance from said cor-
poration of said lots would have, if executed,
acknowledged, and recorded as conveyances of
real estate are required to be.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That nothing
in this act shall be so construed as to authorize
the said corporation to issue any note, token, de-
vice, scrip, or other evidence of debt, to be used
as currency.
Sec. 11. And be it farther enacted, That this act
shall take effect from the passage thereof. j
Sec. 12. And be it farther enacted, That it may i
be lawful for Congress hereafter to alter, modify, j
or repeal the foregoing act. |
Sec. 13. And be it farther enacted, That each of ;
the stockholders in the said company shall be held j
141
liable in his or her individual capacity for all the
debts and liabilities of the said company, however
contracted or incurred, to be recovered by suit as
other debtsor liabilities beforethecourt or tribunal
having jurisdiction of the case.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
Public, LIII.—An Act supplementary to an act
entitled if An act to authorize Notaries Public to
take and certify Oaths, Affirmations, and Acknowl-
edgments in certain cases ''
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all the powers and authority con-
ferred in and by the above-recited act, approved
September sixteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty,
upon notaries public in the States and Territories,
be, a.nd the same are hereby, vested in notaries
public within the District of Columbia.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That notaries
public be, and they are hereby, authorized to take
depositions and do such other acts in relation to
evidence to be used in the courts of the United
States, in the same manner and with the same
effect, as commissioners to take acknowledgments
of bail and affidavits may now lawfully take or do.
Approyeb, July 29, 1854.
Public, LIV.—An Act making Appropriations for
the Current and Contingent Expenses of the Indian
Department, and for fulfilling Treaty Stipulations
with various Indian Tribes for the year ending
June thirtieth, one thousand eight hundred and
*thirty-jxve, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rtpre-
sentutivcs of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the pur-
pose of paying the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian Department, and fulfilling treaty
stipulations with the various Indian tribes.
For the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian Department, viz:
For the pay of superintendents of Indian af-
fairs, per acts of fifth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty, twenty-seventh February, eighteen hundred
and fifty-one, and third March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-two, twelve thousand five hundred dol-
lars: Provided, That the President may, from time
•to time, in his discretion, remove or change the
location of any of the superintendences now or
hereafter to be established by law.
#For the pay of the several Indian agents, per
acts of fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty, and
twenty-seventh February, eighteen hundred and
fifty-one, thirty-four thousand seven hundred and
fifty dollars.-
For pay of three Indian sub-agents for Cali-
fornia, at an annual salary of fifteen hundred dol-
lars each, four thousand five hundred dollars.
For pay of four Indian sub-agents in Oregon
Territory, at an annual salary of one thousand
-dollars each, four thousand dollars.
For pay of two Indian sub-agents in Washing-
ton Territory, at an annual salary of one thousand
dollars each, two thousand dollars.
For pay of three Indian agents in Washington
Territory, for six months, ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two thousand two
hundred and fifty dollars.
For pay of two Indian sub-agenfs in Washing-
ton Territory, for six months, ending June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thou-
sand dollars.
For salaries of six agents, authorized by this
act, at the rate of fifteen hundred dollars per an-
num each, the sum of nine thousand dollars.
For the pay of interpreters, per acts of the thir-
tieth June, eighteen hundred and thirty-four, and
twenty-seventh February, eighteen hundred and
fifty-one, twenty-eight thousand dollars.
For pay of six interpreters for the Indian tribes
in Washington Territory, three thousand dollars.
For pay of six interpreters for the Indian tribes
in Washington Territory, for 8ix months, ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four1,'
one thousand five hundred dollars.
For the pay of clerk to superintendent at St.
Louis, Missouri, per act of twenty-seventh June,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
For the pay of clerk to superintendent in Cali-
fornia, per act of third March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-two, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For presents to Indians, five thousand dollars.
For provisions for Indians, eleven thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For buildings at agencies and repairs thereof,
ten thousand dollars.
For erecting buildings for Indian agents in
Washington Territory, five thousand dollars.
For contingencies of the Indian department,
thirty-ftix thousand iive hundred dollars.
For the reappropriation for expenses of the re-
moval of the Catawba Indians to the west of the
Mississippi river, and of settling and subsisting
them one year in their new homes, provided tha-t
a home shall first be obtained for them, and that
they shall be removed only with their own con-
sent, five thousand dollars.
To the Christian Indians.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the acta1
ofMay twenty-sixth, eighteen hundred and twen- *
ty-four, and May twentieth, eighteen hundred and
twenty-six, four hundred dollars.
To the Chippewas of Saganaw.
For permanent annuity, stimulated in the fourth
article of the treaty of third of August, seventeen
hundred and ninety-five, one thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the second
article of the treaty of seventeenth November,,
eighteen hundred and seven, eight hundred dol-
lars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fourth
article of the treaty of twenty-fourth of Septejia-
ber, eighteen hundred and nineteen, one thousand
dollars.
For permanent provisions for the support of
blacksmiths, and for farming utensils and cattle,
and for the employment of persons to aid them
in agriculture, stipulated in the eighth article pf
the treaty of the twenty-fourth of September,
eighteen hundred and nineteen, and the seventh
article of the treaty of fourteenth of January,
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, two thousand
dollars.
For education during the pleasure of Congress,^
stipulated in the sixth article of the treaty of the
fifth of August, eighteen hundred and twenty-six,
one thousand dollars.
Chippewas, Menomonees, Wimiebagoes, and New
York Indians.
For education during the pleasure of Congress,
stipulated in the fifth article of the treaty of the
eleventh of August, eighteen hundred and twenty-
seven, one thousand five hundred dollars.
Choctaws.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the second
article of the treaty of sixteenth of November,
eighteen hundred and five, three thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity, for support of light-
horsemen, stipulated in the thirteenth article of the
treaty of the eighteenth of October, .eighteen hun-
dred and twenty, six hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for education, stipu-
lated in the second article of the treaty of twentieth
of January, eighteen hundred and twenty-five,
six thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith, stipu
lated in the sixth article of the treaty of eighteenth
of October, eighteen hundred and twenty, and the
ninth article of the treaty of twentieth of January,
eighteen hundred and twenty-five, six hundred
dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel for
shop, stipulated m the ninth article of the treaty of
twentieth January, eighteen hundred and twenty-
five, three hundred and twenty dollars.
Chickasaws.
For payment to the Chickasaw nation in full ©f
