1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1388
Mr. OLDS. I presume, Mr. Speaker, there
will be no objection to ray repotting from the
Committeeon the Post Office and PostRoads "An
act regulating the pay of deputy postmasters." It
has already passed this House, gone to the Senate,
and been returned with an amendment. The com-
mittee recommend a concurrence in the Senate
amendment with an amendment.
There being no objection, Mr. Olds then re-
ported the bill.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
At page two, line twenty, strike out all after the word
" provided," and insert in heu thereof as follows:
That to any postmaster of a distributing office at which
the commissions, allowances, and emoluments,-since the
3lst day of March, 1853, have been insufficient to defray
the actual and necessary expense?, and afford the post-
masters the annual compensation derived from commis-
sion5' at the offlcc before said 30th of Mai eh, the Postmaster
General may, in his discretion, allow quanerly from the
date aforesaid, out of the postage collected at any «iu:li
office, an amount sufficientto supply such deficiency : Pro-
vided further, That to any postmaster of a separatiiigoflice,
at any such office, whose coimnssions, allowances, and
emoluments may ho found insufficient to provide the extra
labor necessary to a prompt and efficient peifojmance of
the dunes of separating and dispatching the mails pa^ini;
through his office, the Postmaster General m.iy maUo such
quarterly allowances out of the postages collected at such
office as he may deein sufficient to compensate such extra
labor. This act shall take effect and he m force lioiu ami
after the commencement of the ne.vt fiscal quarter alter its
passage.
The amendment proposed by the committee to
the Senate amendment was read, as follows:
After the word " labor" inseit the following:
Provided further,That the commissions and allowances
authorized by this act shall he subject to the provisions of
the forty first section of the act entitled "An act to reduce
into one the sevcial acts establishing and regulating the
Post Office Department: " Jind providedJuilhrr, That the
Postmastei Geneial may, in his discretion, dispose of any
quarterly returns of mails sent or received which were
made up previous t«  the 1st day of July, 1850, pieservmg
the accounts current, and all vouchers accompanying such
accounts, and the u-*e of such poition of the proceeds
thereofas may he necessary todefray the cost of separating
and disposing of the same. j
Mr. OLDS. It is necessary, perhaps, for me j
to explain to the House that the bill we sent to the
Senate provided that the Postmaster General, in I
making extra compensation to the postmasters of
the distributing and separating offices, should have
reference to the amount that they received under
the act of the 3d of March, 1851. The Senate
struck out that provision, and inserted one leaving
it discretionary with the Postmaster General to
give them such increased compensation as will
compensate them for the increased labor they per-
form. In striking out that provision of the bill,
the Senate also struck out the proviso which had
reference to the forty-first section of the general
act regulating the Post Office Department, and
which required the postmasters to return all over
a certain amount of commissions to the general
revenues of the Post Office Department. Our [
committee propose a concurrence in the amend- 1
mentof the Senate, with an amendment restoring ;
that proviso, making the deputy postmasters still
subject to the forty-first section of the act regu-
lating the Post Office Department. They do it tor 1
this reason: that although this amendment, if it
becomes a law, may not repeal that provision, yet i
there is a doubt in the minds of the committee
whether it does or does not. This amendment
removes that doubt. The Committeeon the Post :
Office and Post Roads in the Senate thought it did ,
not repeal the provision; but it is the opinion of
the committee of the House that it does repeal it. 1
in order to place the matter in a clear light, it is
now proposed to restore theprovision. Mr. Rusk,
of the Post Office Committee in the Senate, has
agreed that it shall be restored, inasmuch as it
removes all doubt. The effect might be this: if |
you do not restore the proviso making these post- !
masters subject to the forty-first section of the
general act regulating the Post Office Department,
the postmaster in New York may receive $60,000
or $70,000 commission a year. Under that sec-
tion, he is compelled to return all over $2,000 to
the general revenues of the Post Office Depart-
ment. For the sake of safety, the committee of
the House recommend the restoration of this pro-
viso.
Then there is an amendment made by the com-
mittee authorizing the Postmaster General to dis-
pose of the quarterly returns, after they have been
a certain time in his office.
You passed a lawof this kind, permitting these
papers to be disposed of in the manner suggested,
in the year 1845 It operated only up to that time.
But they have again accumulated in the PostOffice
Department to such an extent that they have to
be thrown into the entries and the hall, until they
have become a nuisance and an obstruction. It
is not necessary for me to say anything more on
this subject; but I will send to the Clerk a letter
from the Auditor of the Post Office Department,
which explains the object of this amendment better
than I can do it.
The letter was read from the Clerk's desk, and
is as follows:
Auditor's Office, (P. O. D.,) May 10, 1854.
Sir: Many thousands of postmasters'quarterly returns
and accounts, made since 1st of January last, arc lying
upon the floor*, ot the passages in this building, for want of
room lor them elsewhere. A like state of things existed
in 1850, when Congress, in the act entitled "An act
making appropriations for the service of the Post Ofiiec
Department dining the fiscal year ending June 30, 1851,"
approved September 16, piovided as follows:
'' And the Postmaster General is hereby authorized, in
Ins discretion, to di-ipo^e of, to tne he«.t advantage, any
quarterly returns of mails sent or received, which were
made up previous to 1845, preserving the accounts current,
and all vouchers accompanying such accounts, and to use
such portion of the proceeds theieof as may he necessary
to defray the cost of separating and disposing of the
same."
In pursuance of tiiat provision, the transcript* of mails
sent and received were separated from the accounts ami
voucher*, up to 1845, and sold ; thus making room for all
quarterly returns, received from the passage of that act to
the first of the piesent year—and the sales amounted to
about 1,900. 1 am informed by those in this office who
performed the work ot separation on that occasion, that a
like disposition of the naiit-cripts returned up to 1850 would
make sufficient room to file away the quarterly return* for
three years from the 1-t of January last, by the expiration
o( which period the building will doubtless be eulatgcd. t
therefore respectfully suggest, for jour consideration, the
propriety and expediency of your asking, at this tune, for
a similar enactment to that of September 16, 185U, herein
quoted.
J have the honor to be, with the greatest respect, your
obedient servant,
WILLIAM F. PIHLLrPS, Auditor.
Hon. Jami:s Campdhll, Postmaster General.
Mr. OLDS. I want to add, further, Mr.
Speaker, 1 have been inquired of by some of the
members here to know how far back this bill pro-
poses to allow the Postmaster General to go, and
increase the compensation of the deputy post-
masters of the country. All the deputy post-
masters of thecountry, except those in distributing
and separating offices, will begin to receive their
increased compensation from the commencement
of the next fiscal quarter. At distributing and
separating offices the bill gives the Postmaster
General power to go back to the 31st of March,
1853, and to give increased compensation to the
postmasters of such offices for that time.
When this bill was up for consideration in the
House before, I demonstrated to the House that
the postmasters of distributing offices did not re-
ceive sufficient compensation, under the existing
laws, to pay for their office rent and their clerk
hire, and the incidental expense of their office, by
appropriating every dollar of their commission,
without receiving a single cent compensation
themselves. This being the condition of things,
it was thought advisable to permit the Postmaster
General to go back to the 31st of March, 1853—
the time when the last act reducing the compen-
sation of postmasters went into effect.
Now, permit me to say a word to my friend
from New York, [Mr. Haven,] who, the other
day, it appeared to me5 made an ungenerous at-
tack upon me, and so much out of his ordinary
course of courtesy towards the members of this
House, that I could not help being somewhat
nettled by it, coming, as it did, from him.
That gentleman charges me with an effort to
increase the compensation of postmasters from
the time you discharged the deputy postmasters
of the last Administration, or, in other words,
from the time this new bevy of postmasters, the
" hangers-on," as he calls them, came into office.
The gentleman must have known, if hehas inves-
tigated the matter, that on the last day of the last
session of Congress we passed a law diminishing
the commissions of postmasters. That gentle-
man must know that deputy postmasters, under
the late Whig Administration, received a larger
commission than we propose to give them, even
in this bill now under consideration before the
House. Even if you pass this bill, which in-
creases their compensation twenty-three and one
half per cent., they will not then receive withm
ten or twelve per cent, as much as they did under
the late Whig Administration.
So far, then, from its being true that the in-
creased compensation is proposed to be given to
j deputy postmasters because they are Democratic,
' precisely the contrary is true, i do not propose to
give, to these Democratic postmasters within ten or
twelve per cent, as much compensation as was
given to postmasters under the late Ad ministration.
It strikes me that the gentleman, [Mr. Haven,]
with his usual courtesy, should withdraw any
such charge against the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads. He knows
full well that during the two last years of the last
| Administration—a Whig Administration—I occu-
pied the same position, as chairman of that com-
mittee, as I now do, and that 1 cooperated cor-
| dially with the head of the Post Office Department
: in carrying out all the reforms he desired to make.
: We gave him an increased number of clerks, and
' recommended an additional Assistant Postmaster
j General, although we knew that the recipients of
I those offices would all be Whigs, and not Demo-
crats.
! I say that under this state of things, those
i charges against me come with bad grace from my
| friend from New York. I might retort the charge
j if I thought fit to do so. But I will notdo it. I ex-
, plained this matter fully once before. I explained
| that under the law of March 3, 1851; you re-
| cjuired the Auditor of the Post Office Department,
in settling the quarterly accounts of the deputy
postmasters, to go back to the year 1851, and see
what their compensation had been during that
year; and that, in fixing their compensation, he
should be governed by what it had been prior to
the taking effect of the act of March 3, 1851.
That Democratic Congress, in its liberality, gave
! the power to a Whig Postmaster General to in-
j crease the compensations of deputy postmasters
: beyond what it was when the act of March 3,
, 1851, went into effect, by twenty per cent. Such
; was the liberality of a Democratic Congress. But
| it was found to be utterly impossible for the Aud-
itor of the Post Office Department to have any
reference to what the compensation had been prior
to the taking effect of the act of March 3, 1851,
and consequently each postmaster had the power
to make out his own account, and the Auditor
was compelled to allow it as so made out, right
or wrong.
It was the recommendation of a Whig Post-
master General to change the law fixing the com-
pensation; and, m accordance to that recommend-
ation, the last Congress—a Democratic Congress
—did change that compensation. But the esti-
mates which were given to the Post Office Com-
mittee were fallacious—not intentionally so—and
the consequence was, that, instead of fixing the
: compensation of postmasters as we desired to fix
| it—at what it had been prior to the taking effect
j of the act of March 3,1851—we reduced it thirty-
five per cent, below what it was under the Whig
Administration.
The fact is, that instead of the Committeeon the
Post Office and Post Roads having made an in-
crease of compensation for a swarm of hungry
postmasters, occupying the places of the Whiffs
who had been turned out of office, we have merely
restored that compensation, not to what it was
under the old Administration, but within ten or
twelve per cent, of what it was then. That is the
whole fact of the matter; and if the gentleman
from New York had looked at the subject with the
acuteness with which he usually regards every
subject; if he had exercised that candor and for-
beaiance towards me which he usually exercises
towards other members of this House upon every
question, he would not have made so unjust an
accusation against me.
Why, sir, as I said before, 1 did notagree with
the last Whig Administration in many of the
measures which they indorsed, but that did not
prevent me from cooperating with them in fixing
the compensation to clerks and deputy postmas-
ters, at a reasonable and proper rate. But, sir, I
say again that the aotion of the Post Office Com-
mittee is not what the gentleman has stated it to
be. It is merely to restore a portion of thirty-five
per centum, which, in consequence of erroneous
estimates furnished to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, was made by the last Con-
gress in the compensation of deputy postmasters,
and therefore the charge he makes against me is
