674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
fully, whenever a military officer is assigned to
civil duty, he instantly comes before this House
and demands that he shall receive extra compen-
sation for his services. Well, now, how came
these military gentlemen to be appointed? Be-
cause of their knowledge of fire-arms ?
Mr. BISSELL. With the permission of the
gentleman, 1 will answer his question in a few
words. The law of Congress authorizing the
raising of this commission, provided that the
Department should put at least two men from the
army upon it.
Mr. LETCHER. I know that thatwas thelaw.
Mr. BISSELL. Then why complain of the
employment of those officers ?
Mr, LETCHER. Now, what is the particular
hardship inflicted on these military gentlemen?
The gentleman from Illinois says that when they
go upon service of this sort, they have to board at
hotels, and to live more extravagantly than they
would otherwise do. I do not know how that is;
butjuding from the rumors afloat, these gentlemen
did live extravagantly enough, in all conscience.
Sir, if these gentlemen, when engaged m service
of this sort, choose to live extravagantly, or lib-
erally, if you please, beyond their means and
compensation, is it to be expected that this House
will come forward and indemnify them, or that
we are, by this course, to sanction the principle
sought to be introduced into all the Departments
of the Government, of placing military men in
situations that belong to civilians and to civil
mechanics?
Mr. CARUTHERS. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
Mr. HIESTER. On that motion I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clingman
and Faulkner were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the commit-
tee refused to rise, the tellers having leported—
ayes 50, noes 76.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was rejected.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Bissell, which was again reported by the
Clerk.
Mr. McMULLIN. I demand tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dean and
Riddle were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 54, noes 49. No quorum voting.
Mr. BARKSDALE. There is no use in our
sitting here unless gentlemen vote on one side or
the other. I therefore move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That motion is
not in order.
The Chair so decided.
[Cries of "Call the roll!" "Call the roll !"from
all sides of the HallJ
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to submit a ques-
tion. Is it not competent for the Chair to count
the House without calling the roll, and so ascer-
tain whether or not there is a quorum present.
The CHAIRMAN. No. The rule requires
that when the committee shall find itself without
a quorum, the roll shall be called, and the names
of the absentees be reported to the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I make the point of order
that the committee may rise before the calling of
the roll. The motion for the committee to rise is
in order, and I do not see why that motion does
not take precedence of the pending question on the
amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is not in order
for the committee to rise after the Chair having
ascertained that there was no quorum voting °
The CHAIRMAN. The roll must be called;
the committee cannot now rise.
Mr. PRESTON, With all due deference to the
Chair, I think that less than a quorum have the
power to rise. I do not dispute what the Chair
says as to the calling of the roll.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is clear that the
motion for the committee to rise is not in order,
as the rule requires—where the vote does not
show a quorum present—that the roll shall be
cal'ed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call the gentleman to
order, because the Chair has decidedthe question,
and against that decision an appeal is taken. The
Chair decided that the motion to rise is not in
order, and from that decision of the Chair I appeal.
]V|r. BARKS DALE. I withdraw my motion
that the committee do rise and report.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that a
motion that the committee rise is not in order after
the roll is ordered to be called. The Clerk will
call the roll.
The roll having been called, the names of the
absentees were noted.
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee) taking the chair, the Chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to oider, had the state of the Union generally
under consideration^and particularly the deficiency
bill, (H. No. 271;) and finding itself without a
quorum, had, agreeably to rule 126, caused the
roll of the House to be called, and thereupon di-
rected him to report the names of the absentees to
the House.
The following is the list of absentees:
Messrs. Aborciombie, Ashe, David J. Bailey, "Barry,
Benion, Bridges, Brooks, Carpenter, Chase, Chri^nmn,
Cook, Corwm. Cox. Cutting, John C. Davis, Drum, Dun-
bar, Dunham, Ethciidge, Rvvma. Farley, Franklin, Goode,
Greenwood. Grey, Hamilton, Wiley P. Harris, Hendricks,
Henn, Hiester, Hill, Hillyer, Howe, Unfile-*, Kent, Lamb,
Latham, Lmdley, Lmdsley, Lvori, MeDougall. McCiueen,
Mace, May, Mayall, John G. Miller, Nichols, Olds, Par-
ker, Peck, Peckharn, Pennington, Ready, Ree^e. Richard-
son, David Ritchie, Rogers, Howe, Russell, Sage, Sapp,
Scudder, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Snodgra^i,
Sollers, Alexander H; Stephens, Snatton, Straub, David
Stuait, John L. Taylor, Tweed, Warren, Hendnek B.
Wright, Yates, and Zollicofl'er.
The SPEAKER. There being a quorum of
members present who have answered to their
names, the Chairman will resume the chair.
The Chairman accordingly resumed the chair.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 move that the commit-
tee do now rise. It is evident that we cannot finish
this bill this evening.
Mr. HOUSTON. We can finish it easily, if
we try.
_ The CHAIRMAN. The committee were di-
viding on a motion when the committee found
itself without a quorum, and the roll was called.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit to the
Chair, as a point of order, whether it is in order
to make a motion that the committee rise while
the House is dividing ?
Mr. BISSELL. If not, then the committee
never can rise.
Mr. JONES. There is no difficulty in that.
You have a majority here, and can complete the
division, and then move that the committe rise.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the committee
do now rise.
^ Mr. DAWSON demanded tellers upon the mo-
tion; but they were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the negative—ayes 71, noes 73.
So the committee refused to rise.
The tellers [Messrs. Riddle and Dean] re-
sumed their places, and reported—ayes 72, noes 48.
So Mr. Bissell's motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. 1 am instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to offer three
amendments, which I desire to be read as one.
The amendment was read, as follows:
a Pa^e 10, after line 227, insert:
" Forairears ofpayfor service? of volunteers in theKen-
tuckv regiment, called into service m the year 1836. £1,000.
" Fur airears of pay foi services of volunteer.-* or militia,
called jnto service m the Black Hawk war. $1,000.
" For clothing for the Army, camp, and' garrison equip-
age, arid horse equipments, to supply the articles lo&t m the
wreck of ihe steamer San Francisco, §2G,f>90. 
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of or-
der. I submit to the Chair that the amendment
is not in order.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If there is to beany
difficulty in relation to it, I will withdraw it.
Mr. PRESTON. I am convinced that there
are more amendments to be proposed to this bill
yet than gentlemen are aware of. I think it will
be impossible to finish it to-day, and I therefore
move that the committee do now rise.
Mr. WHEELER. Upon that motion I de-
mand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Perkins, of
New York , arid Philips were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 55, noes 80.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. PRESTON. 1 move to strike out the first
clause under the head of."Navy Department,"
and to insert in lieu thereof what I send to the
desk.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. It is hardly
necessary to have the amendment read. 1 sup-
pose the gentleman from Kentucky can state what
it is. I believe that it is the custom-houses and
New York assay office amendments united.
Mr. PRESTON. Let it be read.
The Clerk proceeded to read the amendment,
which commenced as follows:
" Custom-houses and assay office "
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, (interruptingthe read
ing of the amendment.) 1 rise to a question of or-
der.
Mr. PRESTON". Surely, the gentleman does
not decide me to be out of order before he hears
my amendment read.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I do not decide the
gentleman out of order; but I raise a question of
order. The amendment is headed "custom-houses
and assay office," and 1 have a right to presume,
from that heading, that it relates to custom-houses
and the assay office; and I contend that it is not
in order, as an amendment, at this point in the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not know
whut is in the amendment; but if it corresponds
with the title, it is evidently out of order at this
point.
Mr. PRESTON. Weil, I will withdraw it,and
offer it at the end of the bill.
Mr. BALL. I move to amend that portion of
the bill in reference to the Navy Department, by
striking out the words:
" For fuel and lights, seven hundred dollars."
And on that I call for tellers.
Mr. ROGERS- I move that the committee do
now rise; and upon that motion I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pratt and
Vail weieappointed.
The question was then taken, and the committee
refused to rise; the tellers having reported—ayes
33, noes 90.
The Clerk then proceeded with the reading of
the bill.
Mr. BALL. The amendment I proposed before
the motion that the committee rise was submitted
is pending.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman moved hist
amendment when the Clerk had read several par-
agraphs of the bill beyond where it has to come
in, and it was not therefore in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
strike out the words " expenses of the United
States Navy in foreign ports, §72,666," and de-
manded tellers on the motion.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I hope that the com-
mittee will not grant tellers on that motion, for it.
is too transparent.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Walker and
Campbell were appointed.
The question was put; and the tellers reported
—ayes 4, noes not counted.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is lost.
The following section of the bill having been
read:
e< For continuing the publication of wind and current
charts;- for printing and publishingsaihngdireetions,hydro-
graphical ^uiveys, and other expenses of the hydiographi-
cal office—
Mr. CAMPBELL. If this is the way things
areto be done,(alludingto theobstacles interposed
by members,) I move to reduce that item to five
thousand dollars; and on that motion I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; arid Messrs. Wi-ieeler
and Eastman were-appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
ayes 15.
The CHAIRMAN. There is not a majority of
a quorum voting; so the motion is lost.
[Loud cries of " Count the other side !"]
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Chairman, I demand
that the other side be counted.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not necessary.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I insist that
the other side shall be counted. [Laughter.]
Mr.PRATT. And I insist that the decision of
the Chair is the proper one. [Renewed laughter.]
[Loud cries of " Read on! " " Read on! "]
The Clerk proceeded to continue the reading of
the bill.
