1384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
not true. lam satisfied, from his usual candor
and fairness in reference to all othersubjects, that
if he had looked at the matter a little farther, he
would not have so unjustly charged me with an
effort to increase the commission of a hungry
swarm of Democratic deputy postmasters.
But the gentleman says that letters written by-
servant girls and serving men, containing testi-
monials of their affection to their friends in the old
country, through my desire to increase the com-
mission of this hungry swarm of postmasters,
must be taxed from three to five cents for the pur-
pose of accomplishing that object'—for the purpose
of feeding these Democratic postmasters, who
have been brought into office during the present
Administration. Now, sir, if the gentleman from
New York wanted to show his superior affection
to these servant maids and the serving men of the
country, I should have much preferred that he
should have taken some other channel, some
other mode of showing it, than by attacking the
Administration and the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads upon this
floor.
Sir, I think I may safely-say that in every mat-
ter connected with the Post Office Department,
during the present Administration,andduring the
last Administration, I have endeavored to steer
clear of everything looking like partiality to the
friends or the opponents of this Administration.
Why, sir, no member of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads—and it is composed of
both Whigs and Democrats—has dissented from
a concurrence in the reports of that committee in
relation to the measures which they have recom-
mended to the House. We have had the utmost
harmony in our action during the late Adminis-
tration, and during the present Administration,
among both Whig and Democratic members.
Such has been our desire to make the administra-
tion of this Department a national administration,
and to steer clear of all political considerations,
that nothing can be more unjust than the charge of
the gentleman from New York; and if he exercises
the candor and fairness on this occasion, which it
is his custom to exercise on a!! occasions, he will
withdraw it fully and entirely.
Mr. HAVEN. I have but a few words to say
in answer to my friend from Ohio. I think I may
call him so. fie is right when he says that he
believes that I imd no intention or desire to ciuiige
him unfairly. Certainly I have not intended so
to charge him. Perhaps the language which I
used on the occasion referred to by him may be
regarded as rather strong. I intended it should
be somewhat so; but the gentleman will do me the
justice to recollect that the language was used on
the occasion when he was advocating a proposi-
tion then befote the Committee of the Whole, to
raise the compensation of a mail agent—a meie
agent—from $1,600 per annum to $5,000 per an-
num, and that, too, over the recommendation of
the Postmaster General, who, in the exuberance
of his fancy, and the security of his power, dare
not recommend it to be raised to over $4,000 per
annum.
Let me state the whole case, so as to afford him
all the strength which his position may gam by
it—it may fortify him. The gentleman will recol-
lect that I used the language referred to on the
occasion, when he notonly proposed that increase,
but further proposed that it should j>o back one
year, so that the agent was not only to get $5,000
per annum for the future, but $5,000 for the year
which had gone by, thereby giving that single
agent, that one man, $10,000 as mail agent, while
the incumbent under a Winer Administration bud
only received $1,600 for one year, or $3,500 for
two years.
Mr. OLDS. If my friend will allow me, I shall
make one word of explanation.
Mr. HAYEN. Certainly, sir, to be sure I
will allow you; and we will settle this matter
amicably.
Mr. OLDS. The committee has now before it
a proposition from the former mail agent in Cali-
fornia under the former Administration, a Whig
agent, that he shall be remunerated for his services
by the receipt of the same compensation proposed
to be given the Democratic mail agent. We of
the committee shall treat him precisely as we have
treated the Democrat. We shall give the former
mail agent, who has lost in the discharge of his
official duties under the Post Office Department,
the same that we proposed in the deficiency bill
for the Democratic agent.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will my friend allow
me a word ?
Mr. HAYEN. Not now. 1 have only referred
to this case of the mail agent incidentally, or, as
they say in law, this is a kind of ancillary sug-
gestion or proposition, pointing to the reasons
why, on the occasion complained of, I had a right
to feel a little indignant, and why I was betrayed
into a somewhat warm expression of my feelings.
The proposition to go from $1,600 per annum up
to $10,1 00 came from the gentleman from Ohio.
Let that be borne in mind, sir. Really, 1 did no
more expect such a monstrous proposition from
him than he did the remarks which fell from me,
in the heat of debate, in answer to it. So far as
expectations and surprise are concerned, then, he
will allow me to say that he may set his off against
mine, and it will leave a large balance in my favor.
When 1 was talking on that subject at the time
complained of, it was for the purpose of endeav-
oring to convince the Committee of the Whole
that they ought not to entertain the gentleman's
proposition. The committee, as well as the
House, sustained the views which I entertained
and advocated on that occasion, and we kept the
proposition where I desired it.
Mr, OLDS. U was put on in the House by
yea3 and nays.
Mr. HAVEN. I was wrong, Mr. Speaker,
when I said that the committee, as well as the
House, sustained the views I advocated on that
occasion. I remember, now, the committee voted
with me to reject it, and reported against it to
the House; and I thank the gentleman for the sug-
gestion, for it reminds me of a little piece of small
party machinery (I do not intend to speak offen-
sively) when we went into the House, by which
the gentleman and his friends succeeded in getting
the appropriation back again into the bill the next
day for their friend, the mail agent, without the
responsibility of putting themselves on record by
yeas and nayd.
I hope my friend from Ohio will excuse me for
these remarks now, as he has kindly done in ref-
erence to those on the former occasion. lUitthe
House will remember that my colleague from
New York city, [Mr. Wheeler,J after the yeas
and nays had been lefused, by some sleight of
hand trick on thatmail agent item, moved a lecon-
sideration of the vote taken on it by tellers, on
which reconsideration 1 called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered. On taking them,
the motion to reconsider failed by two or three
votes, which my Democratic friends screwed up
their courage to withhold, as it was not a vote
square upon the naked proposition to give the
man the $10,000. And it was by that kind of
machinery that the amendment was inserted in
the bill, and a direct vote on the iccoid in lefer-
ence to it avoided. It was on that occasion, and
it was in reference to a transaction of th'at kind,
that I was addressing the House when 1 made
the remarks to which exception is now taken.
Perhaps my remarks were a little fervid, slightly
florid, more so than I desire to make them upon
this occasion. I wish to know, Mr.Speaker, if
I was not justified m my remarks then, under the
circumstances, to the entire extent as the gentle-
man understood them.
1 deem it best now, Mr. Speaker, to point out
to myfiiend from Ohio the extent to which I think
I was justified in what I said of postmasters and
mail agents, and officers under the last and the
present Administrations; and I will incidentally
notice what he has now said on the same subject.
I do not piopose to stop ard discuss the matter
here at any length. If there were abuses in the
Post Office Department committed under the last
Administration, which I deny, and which the gen-
tleman has failed both to assert and to prove, I
have nothing to say by way of extenuation. Sir,
some of the members of the last Administration
were my personal friends. Its distinguished head
was, and is, an honest and a pure man. If Ad-
ministrations that succeed that one shall be able
to leave office with the country as prosperous,
with the people as contented and happy, and with
sentiments as firmly attached to the Union, with
as few abuses in office, and as much general re-
spect, it will, in my judgment, be happy for the
country, and highly honorable to the incumbents.
But, sir, I say if such abuses did exist, I did not
wink at them, nor did they have my sanction or
my vote, f am willing to leave it to the gentle-
man from Ohio himself to pronounce judgment
upon my votes in the last or the present Congress.
I have voted for the right and against the wrong,
to the best of my judgment, unawed and unse*
duced by those about me.
Mr. Speaker, it was a Democratic House and
Senate that passed the act of the 3d of March,
! 1853, to which the gentleman refers. Such a
| House and such a Senate had that matter under
1 their control, and the gentleman will excuse me
i for reminding him of the fact. He says that that
House and that Senate passed, at the close of the
; last Congress, a law which reduced the compensa-
; tion to postmasters. I do not now stop to dis-
< pute or admit his allegation to be true, but I will
j assume it to be so, and that he is right in his
J statement. Now, sir, who passed the law ? Un-
| der what cry was it done? What excuse was
given to the country for doing it? Did not the
gentleman have the benefit upon that occasion
; of crying extravagance against the Administra-
I tion who so poorly paid its postmasters then,
] and is he not a little fearful that 1 shall raise the
j same cry against this unlimited increase of their
| compensation now? My friend says that hiscom-
i mittee has agreed to report a bill to give the same
i compensation to the mail agent in California who
| preceded the present one, as has been given inthe
| deficiency bill to the present agent.
i Relieving it wrong, as 1 most certainty do, to
; give the great increase of compensation winch has
: been bestowed upon the present agent, I most cer-
j tainly shall vote against giving a like largess to
; any preceding agent, Whig or Democrat; I beg
i the House to notice, however, that although the
! old agent's services were rendered before the pres-
j ent lucky incumbent came into power, yet under
; the adroit lead and generalship of my friend from
i Ohio, the present agent, good partisan as he is,
i has already pocketed his increase (if pay, whilst
| my poor Whig friend has nothing better to live
' upon than the promise, future and contingent of a
■ Democratic Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, with my distinguished friend at its head.
' How strangely, Mr. Speaker, some things work;
I and how unfortunate that my friend from Ohio
should have no means of staunching his bleeding
j sympathy for the old agent, excepta liberal prom-
I ise. All his ready means have gone to the new
! Democratic agent.
| I again assure the gentleman from Ohio 1 have
no desire to attack him, or speak unkindly of him,
or of any other member of this House; but my
friend seems desirous of having these things frank-
ly talked down this morning, and I am glad to
meet him m the spirit m which he has met me,
for I believe there has always been good feeling
between us.
Another thing the gentleman complains of. He
says I charged the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads with having recommended an increase
of compensation, to commence from the time when
the Democratic party, or the present Administra-
tion, came into power. If the charge is untrue, it
is my desire to retract it; but, sir, I fear it is but
too true. 1 will try the matter by the record, and
that record is the gentleman's own proviso to this
bill. I will read it from the hill itself:
"Provided further, That to any postmaster of any dts,-
tributinff and «.eparuUng ofliee, whoso commission may bo
reduced below the amount allowed out ofhi< otliee lor the
year ending «>()tli June, . the Co.^tmaster Geneial shall
he authoii/.rd, iti In* nuion, to allow piich additional
compensation r/s hp inay derm /nopet t •inch rnutpentohmt
to date mid to be allowed from the '301 h do y of March, I853.1'
Mr. OLDS. So I stated.
Mr. HAVEN. Yes, so the gentleman did state.
And what he stated himself, is the very thing he
complains of me for stating. For that is the very
proposition I made, and 1 could not do otherwise;
for it was so in the hill, and so the gentleman had
to state it. Very well, Mr. Speaker, if the gentle-
man had reference to the bill before the House, and
if he measures by the point of compensation re-
ferred to in th* act of 1851, why does he be^in the
increase only after the 31st of March, 3853 ? Why,
Mr. Speaker, if this increased compensation is just,
why not extend it to the Whig postmasters who
were in office prior to the 31st of March, 1853? I
would like the gentleman to explain why he does
not make the bill to go back in its operation to 1851
instead of to 1853: For beginning on the 31st of
March, 1853, it will be noticed from thenceforth,
