•2242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July,
the expenses of their commissioners in negotiating
the treaty of Jane twenty-second, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-two, as stipulated in the ninth arti-
cle of said treaty, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the act of
the twenty-fifth of February, seventeen hundred
and ninety-nine, three thousand dollars.
Chippewas of Lake Superior and the Mississippi.
For eighteenth of twenty installments in money,
stipulated m the second article of the treaty of the
twenty-ninth of July, eighteen hundred and thirty-
seven, nine thousand five hundred dollars.
For eighteenth of twenty installments in goods,
stipulated in the second article of the treaty of the
twenty-ninth of July, eighteen hundred and thirty-
seven, nineteen thousand dollars.
For eighteenth of twenty installments for the
establishment of three smiths' shops, supporting
three smiths, and furnishing iron and steel, stipu-
lated in the second article of the treaty of the .
twenty-ninth of July, eighteen hundred and thirty- j
seven, three thousand dollars. !
For eighteenth of twenty installments for the I
support of farmers, purchase of implements, grain I
and seed, and to carry on their agricultural pur- ^
suits, stipulated in the second article of the treaty \
of the twenty-ninth ot July, eighteen hundred and '
thirty-seven, one thousand dollars. '
For eighteenth of twenty installments for the !
purchase of provisions, stipulated in the second
article of the treaty of the twenty-ninth July, j
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, two thousand s
dollars. ,
For eighteenth of twenty installments for the 1
purchase of tobacco, stipulated in the second arti- j
cle of the treaty of the twenty-ninth July, eighteen <
hundred and thirty-seven, five hundred dollars. '
For thirteenth of twenty-five installments in
money, stipulated in the fourth article of the treaty
of the fourth of October, eighteen hundred and
forty-two, twelve thousand five hundred dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty-five installments in
goods, stipulated in the fourth article of the treaty
of the fourth of October, eighteen hundred and
forty-two, ten thousand five hundred dolhtis.
For thirteenth oftwenty-five installments forthe
support of two smiths'shops, including the pay
of two smiths and assistants, and furnishing iron
and steel, stipulated in the fourth article of the
treaty of the fourth of October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, two thousand dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty-five installments for the
pay of two farmers, stipulated in the fourth arti-
cle of the treaty of the fourth of October, eighteen
hundred and forty-two,one thousand dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty-five installments for
the pay of two carpentcrs, stipulated in the fourth
article of the treaty of the fourth of October,
eighteen hundred and forty two, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty-five installments for the
support of schools, stipulated in the fourth article
of the treaty of the fourth of October, eighteen
hundred and forty-two, two thousand dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty-five installments lor the
purchase of provisions and tobacco, stipulated in
the fourth article of the treaty of the fourth of Oc-
tober, eighteen hundred and forty-two, two thou-
sand dollars.
CamancheSf Kiowas, and Apaches, of the «hkumas
River,
For first of ten installments for the purchase of
goods, provisions, and agricultural implements,
stipulated in the sixth article of the treaty of the
twenty-seventh of July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-three, eighteen thousand dollars.
For expenses of the transportation of the first
of ten installments of goods, provisions, and agri-
cultural implements, stipulated in the sixth arti-
cle of the treaty of the twenty-seventh of July, ;
eighteen hundred and fifty-three, five thousand j
dollars: Provided, That the goods, provisions, and 1
agricultural implements which may be purchased 1
and transported out of moneys hereby appropri- i
ated, shall not be delivered until the said tribes of 1
Indians shall have assented to the amendments of i
the Senate of the United States to the said treaty, 1
on account of which they are procured. :
Delawares. '
For the expenses of surveying the lands, as pro-
vided in the second article of the treaty of the sixth ■
of May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, eleven !
thousand one hundred and forty-six dollars and |
ninety-five cents. |
For the first of eight equal installments for pa^- i
ment of five chiefs, per third and sixth articles of :
the treaty of the sixth of May, eighteen hundred !
and fifty-four, one thousand two hundred and
fifty dollars.
For the first of two installments per fourth arti-
cle of the treaty of the sixth of May, eighteen j
hundred and fifty-four, seventy-four thousand !
dollars.
For the purchase of four sections of land for
the Christian Indiana, per thirteenth article of the
treaty of the sixth of May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, six thousand four hundred dollars.
For payment, under the direction of the Presi-
dent of the United States, the sum of one thou-
sand six hundred dollars: Provided, That the said
Christian Indians shall release the United States
from all claims or demands for land or money
arising under the third and fourth articles of the
agreement of the eighth of November, eighteen
hundred and twenty-three, made with Paid In-
dians, the payments of six thousand four hun-
dred dollars and one thousand six hundred dol-
lars, as above provided, being in lieu thereof,and
in full consideration of the same.
Ioivas.
For the expenses of surveying, as provided in  
the third article of the treaty of the seventeenth of !• two, one thousand six
May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thou- lars.
sand nine hundred and eighty-seven dollars and
twenty cents.
For the payment of a portion of the one hun-
dred and fifty-seven thousand five hundred dollars
due the lowas, under the second clause^ of the
second article of the treaty of the nineteenth of
October, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, to be
applied as an agricultural fund, per ninth aiticle
of the treaty of the seventeenth of May, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, fifty thousand dollars:*
Provided, That the appropriation herein made
(i for mtere.st on one hundred and fifty-seven thou-
sand five hundred dollars, at five per centum, stip-
ulated in the second article of the treaty of the
nineteenth of October, eighteen hundred and thirty-
eight," be reduced to the sum of five thousand
three hundred and seventy-five dollars.
For the payment in consideration of removal to
their reservation, and of a release of all claims per
twelfth article of the treaty of the seventeenth of
May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, five thou-
sand dollars.
Kickapoos.
For the expenses of selecting the reservation
provided in the first article of the treaty of the j;
eighteenth of May, eighteen hundred and fifty- [•
four, and for surveying and marking the exterior
lines of the same, one thousand dollars. !
For the first installments of interest at five per i
centum on one hundred thousand dollars for edu- !
cation, per second article of the treaty of the eigh-"^
teenth of May, eighteen hundred arid fifty-four,
five thousand dollars.
For the payment of this sum as the first install-
ment in money, per second aiticle of the treaty
of the eighteenth of May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the payment for improvements and the
expensesof appraising the same on the land ceded,
per fourth article of the treaty of the eighteenth of
May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
whom a treaty has lately been concluded, one
thousand one hundred and ninety-nine dollars and
fifty-five cents.
Creeks.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fourth
article ofthe treaty of the seventh of August, seven-
teen hundred and ninety, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the second
article of the treaty ofthe sixteenth of June, eigh-
i teen hundred and two, three thousand dollars.
I For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fourth
j article of the treaty of the twenty-fourth ofJanu-
1 ary> eighteen hundred and twenty-six, twenty
i thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
! assistant, stipulated m the eighth article of the
treaty ofthe twenty-fourth nf January, eighteen
; hundred and twenty-six, eight hundred and forty
dollars.
| For permanent provision for iron and steel for
shops, stipulated in the eighth article of the treaty
' of the twenty-fourth of January, eighteen hun-
i dred and twenty-six, two hundred and seventy
dollars.
! For eighteenth of twenty ins tallments for the
pay of two blacksmiths and assistants, stipulated
, in the thirteenth article of the treaty of the twenty-
fourth of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-
hundred and eighty dol-
For eighteenth of twenty installments for iron
j and steel for shops, stipulated in the thirteenth
! article of the treaty of the twenty-fourth of March,
! eighteen hundred and thirty-two, five hundred
and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for the pay of a
; wheelwright, stipulated in the eighth article of
the treaty of the twenty-fourth of January, eigh-
. teen hundred and twenty-six, six hundred dollars.
For twenty-fourth of thirty-three installments
for education, stipulated in the thirteenth article
; of the treaty of the twenty-fourth of March, one
' thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, and fourth
article of the treaty of the fourth of January,
• eighteen hundred and forty-fitfe, three thousand
j dollars.
I For interest on three hundred and fifty thousand
dollars, at five per centum, stipulated in the third
i article of the treaty of the twenty-third of Novem-
i ber, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, seventeen
| thousand five hundred dollars.
; _ For eleventh of twenty installments for educa-
; t ion, stipulated in the fourth article of the treaty
of the fourth of January, eighteen hundred and
j forty-five, three thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, during the pleas-
| are of the President, stipulated in the fifth article
of the treaty of the fourteenth of February,
eighteen hundred and thirty-three, eight hundred
and forty dollars.
For iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure
of the President, stipulated in the fifth article of
i the treaty of the fourteenth of February, eighteen
l hundred and thirty-three, two hundred and sev-
| enty dollars.
] For wagon-maker, during the pleasure of the
President, stipulated in the fifth article of the
: treaty of the fourteenth of February, eighteen
i hundjed and thirty-three, six hundred dollars.
For agricultural implements, during the pleas-
i ure of the President, stipulated in the eighth ar-
, tide of the treaty of the twenty-fourth of Jan-
For removal and subsistence, and in consider*- li uary, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, two thou-
tion of a release of all claims, per eighth article of ! sand dollars.
the treaty of the eighteenth of May, eighteen hun-
dred and fifiy-four, twenty thousand dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Missouri.
For expenses of selecting the reservatfon pro- i .u • j t •
videdfor in the first article ofthe treaty ofV ■ £01 ^nses of running and marking the
eighteenth of May, eighteen hundred and flfty. ,i hn_e of the-Creek country west
For education, during the pleasure ofthe Pres-
ident, stipulated in the fifth article of the treaty of
the fourteenth of February,eighteen hundred and
thirty-three, one thousand dollars.
four, and for surveying and marking the exterior
lines of the same, five hundred dollars.
For the first of four installments, per second
article of the treaty of the eighteenth of May,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For removal and subsistence and in satisfaction
of all claims and demands', per sixth article of the
treaty of the eighteenth of May, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, five thousand dollars.
For defraying the expenses of the Creek dele-
gation now in the City of Washington, and with
of the Arkansas, eight thousand dollars.
Delawares.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fourth
article of the treaty of the third of August, seven-
teen hundred and ninety-five, one thousand dol-
lars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the third
article of the treaty of the thirtieth of September,
eighteen hundred and nine, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fifth
article of the tresty of the Third of October, eigh-
teen hundred and eighteen, four thousand dollars.
