1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
675
Mr. PRESTON, (interrupting- ) I rise to a
point of orde1*. i ask if the negative vote was an-
nounced by the Chair? If it was, then I will sus-
tain the Chair in its decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has not an-
nounced any vote in the negative. A quorum of
the committee is now present, and a majority of
that quorum has not voted; therefore, the motion
is lost.
Mr. CLINGMAN. *Fhe negative vote has not
been taken; therefore, the question was not regu-
lar^ decided.
The CII AIRMAN. The Chair repeats that he
ascertained there was a quorum present; and a
majority not voting in favor of the motion, it was
lost.
Mr. PRESTON. I do not think that the Chair
has a right to ascertain by count that there was a
quorum present. That should only be done by a
caii of the roll.
The CHAIRMAN. It is quite manifest there
is a quorum t reser t.
?*Ir. CAMPBELL. Let us have the negative
voie.
[Loud cries of " Order!" and i( Question !''
iVIr. WASHBURN, of Maine. [ desire to
know with what authority the Chair can decide
that the motion was carried or lost, when both
sides were not counted? [Laughter.]
Mr. PRESTON. I ask for a count of the other
side.
Mr. CLJNGMAN Tt is too late.
[Cries of Sk Order!" and " (Question!"
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
stated that it was not necessary to count the other
side.
Mr. PRESTON. Then if that be the decision
of the Chair, I appeal from if.
Mr. CLINGMAN Mr. Chairman 
[Interruption and confusion.]
Mr. PRESTON. I will wait till the Chair def-
initely decides the point of order winch I have
raised.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will so ^decide
the point when he shall have ascertained whether
there is a quorum of members present.
The Chair then proceeded to count the commit-
tee, and announced that there were 148 members
present; more than a quorum.
Mr. PRESTON, i rise again to a point of or-
der. I state it in this way: I deny, after tellers
are ordered, and the count has been taken of one
side, the nyhf of the Chair, in order to verify and
ascertain whether there is, a quorum present, to
count the House by the eye.
A Member. It is the every day practice here.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the rules of this House require every member to
vote, and upon a division of the House, a small
number—a very small number indeed—voted in
the affirmative. Consequently, the vote was not
carried in the affirmative.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. And that number,
too, leas than a majority of a quorum.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has made its
decision, and overrules the point of order taken
by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Pres-
t0\\]
Mr. PRESTON. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair, and upon that appeal demand tellers.
Mr. McM ULLIJN". I move to lay the appeal
upon the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL. You cannot do that in
committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Virginia cannot be entertained in com-
mittee. An appeal from the decision of the Chair
has been taken in a proper mariner by the gentle-
man ftom Kentucky, and the question is, " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the committee?"
Mr. PRESTON. I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bocock and
Vail were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 89, noes 15; no quorum voting.
Mr. DAWSON. I observed that several gen-
tlemen on the Whig side did not vote: I wish it
"were in the power of the Chair, as it would be in
the House in the Speaker, to enforce the rule which
requires every member to vote.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will call the roil.
The roll having been called, the names of the
absentees were noted.
The Speaker having taken the chair, the Chair-
man of j}ie Committee [Mr. Chandler] reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the state
of the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the deficiency bill, (House No. 271;)
and finding itself without a quorum had, agree-
ably to rule 126, caused the roll to be called, and
thereupon directed him to report the names of the
absentees to the House.
The following is the list of the absentees:
Messrs. Abercrmnbie, Ashe,David J, Bailey, Ball, Bairy,
Bennett, Benton, Biss>etl, Bli«s, Bridges, Brooks, Caruthers,
Chnsinan, Churchwell, Cook, Convin. Cox, Culloin, Cur-
tis, John G. Davis, Drum, Dunbar, Dunham, Edjjertori,
Elliott, Etheridge, Everhart, Ewing. Farley, Franklin,
Goode, Giey, Hamilton, Andrew J. Hat Inn, .Sampson W.
Harris, Heiulrick^, Iiemt, Hill, Hillver, Howe, Insrersoll,
Kent, llerr, Knox, L.imb. Lane, Latham, Ltndley, Lin<N-
lev, Lyon, McDougall, McQueen, Mace, May," Mayall,
John (J. Miller, Nichols,Norton, Olds, Parker, Peck, Puck
bam, Pennington, John Pel kins, Prnigle, Ready, R"e«se,
RiehauUon. David Ritchie, Rowe. Russell, Sage, Sapp,
Scudder, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Snorigrass,
Soll.'iv, Alexander II. Stephens, Stratton, Stiaub, David
Stuart, Tracy,Tweed,Wade,Warren, llendrick B. Wright,
Yates, and ZolhcofFer.
A quorum of members present having answered
to their names, the Chairman resumed the chair.
The CHAIRMAN. fWhen the committee
rose, the question pending was an appeal from the
decision of the Chair, upon which tellers had been
ordered, and who had reported no quorum
present. They will again resume their places;
and the question will again betaken.
The tellers having resumed their places, re-
ported—ayes 95, noes 24.
j So the decision of the Chair was sustained,
j The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill. '
j At the end of the following paragraph,:
' For hospital at Philadelphia, -52,442 42—
! Mr. PRESTON said: I want to ask the Chair
! if it will be in order at this point to move an
amendment in referenceto custom-houses, marine
hospitals, and an assay office?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it
would not be in order to move such an amend-
ment under the head of Navy Depaitment.
Mr. PRESTON. I will then offer it as an ad- ;
ditional section to the bill. I
The bill having now been read through, J
Mr. PHELPS moved that the committee rise
and report the bill.
The motion was put and carried, Mr. Preston
meanwhile endeavoring to obtain the floor.
The committee accordingly arose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chairman
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly Housebill (No. 271) " to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
fiscal year ending 30th June, 1854," and had di-
rected him to report back the same to the House, 1
with sundry amendments. !
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I move the previous 1
question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to i
make a privileged motion. ,
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I move to recommit
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state i
of the Union, and on that I demand the previous
question.
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDAY.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next. - !
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative. 1
So the motion was agreed to. \
THE DEFICIENCY BILL AGAIN. !
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the House do !
now adjourn. |
The question was put; and it was decided in the j
negative. J
So the House refused to adjourn. j
The previous.question then received a second, I
and the mam question was ordered to be put. I
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
negative.
So the House again refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion to recom-
mit the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and being put, the motion was
disagreed to.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
first amendment reported from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; which was
read,as follows:
So ike out the words :
"For the collection of agricultural statistics and purchas-
ing seeds, to be paid out of the patent fund, &lu,00u."
And insert in lieu thereof the following :
For the collection of agricultural statistics and the distri-
bution of seeds and cuttings, to be expended under the
direction of the Commissioner of Patents, $10,000
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House do
now adjourn, and on that motion I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vail and
Phillips were appointed.
Mr. ORR. Will not this be the first question
in order when we meet again ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it
would.
Thequestion was then taken, and the House re-
fused to adjourn; the tellers having reported—ayes
25, noes not counted.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the House
to vote on the amendments in gross?
Mr. DEAN. I demand a separate vote in re-
gard to the assay office in New York city".
Mr. PRESTON. I desire that a separate vote
shall be had on all the amendments, and I Uo not
desire it in any unfriendly spirit.
The question was then taken on the first amend-
ment of the committee; and it was agreed to.
Thequestion then recurred on the amendment
to strike from the bill the following clause; and it
was concurred in:
" To pmcha-e a Mte for a custom-house at Providence,
Rhode Inland, $24,000 : Proi ided, That the entiie cost of
such site and building thereon shall in no event exceed the
sum of SfHjOOO."
The question next recurred on the amendment
to strike from the bdl the following clause:
" For the purchase of the lots or parcels of land, with the
appurtenances and the buildings theieon, belonging the one
I theieof to the Bank of Commerce, arid the other thereof
i to the Bank of the State of New York, and particularly
j re/erred to and described in two contracts, one with each
J of s.nd hanks, foi the J< asing and ri^ht to purchase, the same
• bearing date the 19th of August, 185'?: Provided, Thar before
: the bajd purchase is made, the State of New York shall
! cede to the United States jurisdiction over said land and
i property, and shall, by law, exonerate the feame,and the
1 propeity of the United States thc-reon, from all taxes,
levies, and assessments thereon, whilst the same remains
the property of the United State&, $530,000."
Mr. DEAN. I demand the yeas and nays on
that amendment. *
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's motion is
i not in order, the previous question having been
j seconded, and the main question ordered to be put.
I Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House do
i now adjourn. I want to see a full vote on this
| very important question.
! The question was taken, and the House refused
; to adjourn.
The question was then taken on concurring with
1 the Committee of the Whole; and it was agreed to—
' yeas 85, nays 57; as follows:
: YEAS -Me—re. Aiken, James C. Allen, Thomas II.
Baylv, Barksdalc, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bugg,
! Campbell, Cu«kie, C'handler, Clark. Clmgnian," Colquitt,
Crocker, CuHom, l)avv-on, Dent, Dick, Disney,
Dowdpll. Eastman, Eddy, F.dgciton, Edrnauds, Edfliund-
; son, Elliott, Ellison, hnghsh, Everhart, Florence, Gam-
j hie. Giddinus, Gieen, Grow, Aaion Harlan, Wiley P. Harris,
Uiblmrd. fliester, Hunt, Johnson, J. GJancj'Jones, Roland
. Jones Kidweli, Kurtz, Lane, Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch,
, MeMulltn, MeNair, Middle&vvorth, Smith Miller, Millson,
; Morn-on, Norton. Moidecai Oliver, 0 r, Phelps, Phillips,
Puwell. Preston, Puryear, Kiddle, Thomas Ritchey, Iiob-
, bin?, Rowers, Ruffin,*Sabiii, Seward, Seymour. Shannon,
Shaw, Shower, SkeJton, William Smith, George W.
Smyth, Snodgrass, Frederick P. Stanton, Andrew Stuart,
Ttour, Fpham. Wltte and Daniel B. Wright—85.
| XAYS Messrs. Appieton, Banks, Belcher, Bell, Car-
i penter, Chamberlain, Chase, Chastam, Cobb, Camming,
! Cutting, Thomas Davis, D^an, DeWitt, Dnnhar, Parley,
Fenton, FiaerJer, Fuller, Greenwood, Hastings, Haven,
Houston. Hushes, Ingersoli, Daniel T. Jones, George W-
June", Kittredge, Knox. Macdonald, Matteson, Maurice,
Maxwell, Morgan, Munav, Noble, Andrew Oliver, Peck,
Bishop Peikins, Pratt, Frmgle, Simmons, Gerrit Smith,
Richard 11. Stanton, Hestor L. Steven*, John J.Taylor,
j Thurston, Vail, Wade, Walbridge, Walker, Walley,
Welis, John Weniworth, Tappan Went worth, YVestbiook,
and Wheeler—57.
So the amendment of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was concurred
in.
The question next recurred on the amendment
