1386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
elaborate discussion of this measure, i did not
intend to have said anything at all upon the sub-
ject of politics; and I should not, if the gentleman
from Ohio had not, somehow or other, rather
coaxed me on, and seduced me into it. I will not
detain the House longer; but will close by again
expressing the hope that this bill will not be al-
lowed to become a law.
Mr. OLDS. 1 trust that the gentleman from j
New York gathered from the temper of my for-
mer remarks that 1 treasured up no ill will against |
him for anything he had ,said. What I said was j
said in the spirit of kindness, and I assure him \
now, as 1 have always assured him, that I have |
appreciated his many acts of kindness, and have i
awarded him a desire to further wholesome legis- i
lation for the country, not only under a Demo- j
cratic but also under a Whig Administration. ;
But, sir, I could wish the remarks which I have
made to-day would have the same influence on
the gentleman, the same soothing and coaxing
influence, that those of the other day had on him
when the House unanimously passed the bill.
I do not want the gentleman to go away con-
science-smitten in reference to any vote he may
give; and i think 1 could convince him, if he
would listen to me, that the faults he finds against
this bill have no existence in fact—none whatever. j
His main charge is, that the bill gives discretion- !
ary powei to the Postmaster General to increase |
the compensation of postmasters at the distributing
and separating offices to those who do not now, !
under present commissions, receive an adequate j
reward for the labors which they have to perfoi m. j
His objection is, that you peinnt the Postmaster j
General, in his discretion, to go back to the 31st .
day of March, 1853, and do not permit him to go t
back to the 30th day of Match, 1851. Now, if j
the gentleman will turn to the act, of 3d March,
1851, he will firnl m that very act, for which the ,
gentleman no doubt gave his vote—the gentleman |
says he was not here—very well, then. In the j
act of 1851, I say, that the gentleman will find
that we gave the then Postmaster General pre-
cisely the same power proposed to be extended to
that officer of the Government by this bill. We
then gave the power to the Postmaster General to
increase the compensation, not of the distributing
and separating officers, but of all the deputy post-
masters of thecountiy, and how ? lie wan to give
thenu as much commission as they received during
the quarter ending 30th June, 1H5]. No, sir, we
did not stop there; we not only gave the Post-
master General power to give such increased com-
pensation as would make their commissions
what they were for the quarter ending 30th June,
1851, but to exceed even that amount by twenty
percent. That is what we did, sir. Under that
provision, in that act, all the postinasteis from
1851 to 1853, received that increased compensa-
tion. Disti ibutmg and separating offices were not
only included, as m this bill, but the increased com-
pensation was provided for all the postmasters of
the country. Their compensation was increased
to what they received for the quarter ending 30th
Jtfne, 1851; and, in the discretion of the Post-
master General was to be still further increased
by twenty per cent. These officers did receive
that increased compensation from 30th March,
1851 to 31st March, 1853; but under the act of
3d March, 1853, we repealed that discretionary
power. Under that repeal, up to the present time,
the Postmaster General has had no discretionary
power, and deputy postmasters, consequently,
have had no increased compensation, such as was
allowed from 1851 to 1853. Does the gentleman
still contend that this bill deals unjustly by such
deputy postmasters as held office from 1851 to
1853 ? Will he still persist in such assertions,
when he is told that they did receive this extra
compensation from the Postmaster General? If
he will turn to the accounts of the deputy post-
masters, he will find that those of 1851, 1852, and
1853, received thirty-five per cent, more than those
who have held the offices since <?he 31st day of
March, 1853. It is to remedy the injustice done
to deputy postmasters by the act of the 3d of
March, 1853, that this bill has been introduced.
There is no injustice in this matter. If you
permit the Postmaster General now to go back to
the 31st March, 1851, and give increased com-
pensation from that time, you will do injustice
by twice giving increased compensation; and by
giving it when it is not needed. What is there
strange in the fact that the same committee, that
reported the act of the 3d March, 1853, should
now be disposed to increase the compensation of
these postmasters, whose commissions were re-
duced fully thirty-five per cent, by that act below
what the committee and Cougress intended? 1
state to the House, that the intention of the com-
mittee, the intention of the Postmaster General,
and the intention of the Auditor of the Post Office
Department at that time, was not to reduce the
compensation of deputy postmasters, but to fix and
establish it. Under the act of the 3d-of March,
1851, the Auditor of the Post Office Department,
with all his clerical force, could not settle the
quarterly accounts of the more than twenty thou-
sand postmasters. To remedy this evil, he recom-
mended to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads to fix a compensation. He submitted
his estimates. I said that these estimates proved
his to be erroneous; and under those erroneous
estimates we reduced the compensation of deputy
postmasters full thirty-five per cent, below what
it was prior to the 31st March, 1853.
In consequence of the erroneous estimates then
furnished by the Postmaster General and the Aud-
itor of the Post Office Department, we have been
compelled to report this bill. I think, then, that I
am sufficiently understood upon that point. The
bill explains itself I demonstrated to this House,
when this bill passed the House theotherday, that
the large distributing offices, after paying cleik
hire, office rent &c., were minus not only their
whole commissions, but had to take their own
money in order to meet the expenses of the office
at the end of each quarter. I might take a post
office in my own distiict, the one at Columbus, to
illustrate. The deputy postmaster at that place,
after paying his office rent and his clerk hiie, and
the incidental expenses of his office, found himself
absolutely minus forty dollats at the end of the
quarter, which he had to pay out of his own pocket,
i without receiving from the Government a single
cent of compensation. It is to meet such cases
that the Senate and House agreed to give the Post-
master General power to go back and allow post-
masters in distributing and separating offices such
compensation, to take elicit from the 3d of March,
hS53, up to tins time, as will be reasonable and
just. The gentleman from New York [Mr. Ha-
ven] seeii^ to ha\e fallen into an error m regard
| to this matter, from the fact that we do not propose
to give this discretionary power to the Postmaster
General in all cases.
I said this morning that the provision was to
allow the Postmaster General discretion to give
I increased compensation, over and above the com-
| missions fixed in this bill, to distributing and sepa-
latmg offices only. There are pei haps two or three
hundieri such offices out of twenty-three thousand
post offices in the Uni'ed States. This act does
not take tfleet upon all deputy postmasters, ex-
cept at distributing and separatmgoffices, till after
the commencement of the next fiscal quaiter after
its passage. It is retrospective only upon distrib-
uting and separating offices Of the twenty-three
| thousand postmasters m the country, it acts retro-
spectively only upon such officers as have imposed
upon them an increased amount of labor and di-
minished compensation, and whereat the end of
the quarter they are obliged to pay the expenses
of the office out of their own pockets.
Well, now, 1 do not propose hy this bill before
'i the House to restore the commission to postmas-
,! ters to what it was under the late Administration
| within ten or twelve per cent. The gentleman
; from New York will therefore permit me to say
i that his arguments do not apply. We are in this
; bill fixing "the compensation of postmasters, but
1 did not entertain the idea of thereby increasing the
'■ rates of postage; we leave the increase of compen-
sation to the discretion of the Postmaster General,
^ as heretofore.
' Mr. IIAVEN. As my friend from Ohio seems
'j to he entering on another part of the subject, he
,| will excuse me for one moment.
Mr. OLDS. Certainly.
| Mr. HAVEN. I did not notice particularly
j; what my friend said m relation to the discretion
) heretofore given to the Postmaster General, but 1
suppose he refers to the sixth section of the act of
ji 1851 reducing the postage. I wish now to call the
attention of the House to that section. 1 will lead
'! it, so thatthe House may understand the whole of
i! this part of the subject. It will be found in vol-
ume 9 of the United States Statutes at Large, at
page 590.
That section is as follows:
<l Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That to any post-
master whose commissions may be reduced below the
amount allowed at his office for the year ending the 30th
day of June, 1851, and whose labors may be increased, the
Postmaster Geneial shall be authorized, m his discretion, to
allow such additional compensation as he may deem just
and proper."
Now, notice this fact, Mr. Speaker, if the bill
had stopped there, the compensation would have
been left entirely to the discretion of the Postmas-
ter General, as in the gentleman's [Mr. Olds]
bill. But it goes on and provides further, and
here is where a portion of this great wrong com-
mences. Notice now the proviso:
" Provided, That the whole amount of commissions
allowed such postmaster dumig any fiscal year shall not
exceed by more than twenty pei centum the amount of com-
mt-Mons at such office for'the year ending the 30th day of
June, 1801."
Now, sir, the provision in the bill of the gen-
tleman from Ohio takes away, leaves out all limit
whatever to the discretion of the Postmaster Gen-
eral. It strikes out the twenty per cent, clause.
If the pay under that law was sufficient when the
discretion was limited to twenty per cent., why
does this bill obliterate such limit? Why does
it make such discretion boundless, and place the
whole revenues of the Department under the con-
trol of the Postmaster General, to be paid out as
he may see fit to these political favorites ? Sir, I
repeat it, in this bill the discretion of the Post-
master General is not limited, as it was under the
sixth section of the act of 1851, to twenty per*
cent. Beyond that limit former Postmasters Gen-
eral could not go under that law. I undertook
to demonstrate to the House, that if a new post-
age bill were passed, it would not only increase the
income of postmasters to the extent of the addi-
tional percentage on the increased revenues or
I receipts, which I believe would greatly exceed
1 their compensation under the old law, but that
! their compensation might also be increased by
I the Postmaster General up to twenty per cent.
The matter, howe\er, is much worse than I had
supposed; for this proviso leaving out, as it does,
the limit of twenty per cent., enables the Post-
master General to go without limit up to thirty,
fifty, one hundred, or one hundred and fifty per
cent. The whole matter is left to the unregulated
discretion and political sympathies of the Post-
1 master General. Sir, this is bad legislation, and
; I enter my protest against it, from whatever party
! it may emanate.
| Mr. OLDS. Mr. Speaker, I do not think that
t am yet understood by my friend from New
York, [Mr. Haven1,] 1 must be very obtuse tfris
morning, or I could succeed in making myself
; understood. This increased compensation has
| no proportion, from the fact that, out of the twenty-
, three thousand postmasters m the United States,
i it does not propose to give discretion to the Post-
! muster General in more than two or three hun-
! dred cases.
! Mr. HAVEN. Read the section.
Mr. OLDS. The gentleman will find, by ref-
erence to the bill, that as regards these twenty-
three thousand deputy postmasters, no discretion
whatever is given to the Postmaster General,
with the exception of those of the distiihutmg and
! separating offices. But permit me here to say,
; for the benefit of my associates on that committee,
■ that this was the very issue between the Post-
, master General and the committee.
He wished that discretionary power should be
left to him in regard to all thedeputy postmasters,
contending that this would save money to the
Treasury. But the committee refused to give
him discretionary power with regard to these
twenty-three thousand deputy postmasters, re-
: striding the discretion to those of separating and
1 distributing offices. Now, sir, I will read again
the sixth section of the act reducing the postage:
; « Jlnd be it further enacted, That to any postmaster
whose commission* may be reduced below the amount ai-
: lowed at hi* office, tor the >ear ending the 30ih day of
June, ]H51, and whose labors may be incieased."
! Why, sir, the labors of all deputy postmasters
■ have been increased by the reduction of postage,
!, from the fact that more mail matter is transmitted,
p and has to be distributed and delivered, in conse-
!l qnence of such cheap postage. At least such is
1! the construction given to it by the Department.
