676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
to insert after line 177 the following, and it was
concurred in:
For the payment of laborers employed in shoveling the
snow from the walks around the Capitol, President's House,
and other public buildings, $420,
The question next recurred on the following
amendment:
Strikeout the following words: "Provided, That noth-
ing herein contained shall be construed to authorize the
payment or allowance of any compensation to the military
men employed, other than their regular pay and emolu-
ments as officers of the Army j" and in lieu thereof insert
the following:
Provided, That in the payment of such officers of the
Army as may have served on that commission, their pay as
such officers shall be deducted.
Mr. LETCHER. That amendment involves
a principle, and I call for the yeas and nays on it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was concurred in; there being,on a division,
—-ayes 86, noes not counted.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
The biit was read a third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the pre-
vious question on the passage of the-bill,
Thecall forthe previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 138, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Alien, Appleton,Tho*..
JT. Bayly, Banks, liarksdale, Belcher, Bell, Benson, Bo-
cock, Boyoe, Breckinridge, Bugg, Caskie, Chamberlain,
Chandler, Chase, Cbastain, Olnrk, Chngman, Cobb, Col-
quitt, Craige, Cummin", Cutting, Thomas Davis, Dawson,
Dean, Dent, Dc Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Disney, Dowdell,
Dunbar,Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmnnris Ertmundson,
Ellison, English, Eveihart, Pailey, V'enton, Florence, Eul
ler, Gamble, Goodrich, Green, Greenwood, Grow, Wiley
P. Harris, Hastings, Haven, Hendricks, Hibbaid, Hunter,
Houston, Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, Daniel T. Jone-j, J.
Glancy Jones, Roland Jones, Kidwell, Kittredge, Knox,
Kurtz, Lauc, Lilly, McCulloch, Macdonald, McMulIni,
McNair, Macy, Maueson, Maxwell, Middleswarth, Smith
Miller, Millson, Morrison, Murray, Noble, Norton, Andrew
Oliver, Orr, Packer,i'eck, Bishop Perkins, Phelps., Phillij>>,
Pratt, Preston, Puryear, Kiddle, Thomas RuclKsy, Robbing
Rogers, [tufiin, Sabin, Seward, Seymour, Shannon, Shaw,
Shower, Simmons, Singleton, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, George W. Smyth, Snodgra^s, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Hestor L. Stevens, Andrew
Stuart, John J. Taylor, Thurs-ton, Tracy, Trout, Upham,
Vail, Vansant, Wade, Walliridge, Walker, Walsh, War-
ren, Israul Washburn, Wells, John Wontworth, Tappan
Wcntworth, We&tbrook, Witte, and Daniel B. Wright—
138.
' NAYS—Messrs. Campbell, Carpenter, Cullom,Giddmgs,
George W. Jones, Letcher, Maurice, Moaehain, Morgan,
Stratton, Elhhu B. Washburne, and Wheeler—-11.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE moved t,o reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House thereupon ,*at half past six o'clock,
p. m., adjourned till Monday at twelve, m.
. IN SENATE.
Friday, March 17, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Hknry Sucer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE VERMONT SENATORS HIP.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I rise to what I
presume is a privileged question, for I believe a
motion to reconsider is a privileged question; hut
as this day is set apart for special business, I ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate to move the
reconsideration of the vote by which the resolu-
tion was yesterday adopted directing the pay-
ment to Mr. Piielps of per diem and mileage.
The purpose is to move an amendment which is
deemed necessary by the Secretary before he can
make the payment under that resolution.
There being no objection, the vote was recon-
sidered.
Mr. FOOT. I move to amend the resolution by
striking out the words "out of the contingent
fund of the Senate a sum equal to,,} so that it shall
read:
Resolved, That there be paid to the Hon. Samuet> S.
FiiELys the amount of mileage and poi diem compensauon
of a Senator, from the day of his attendance at the present
session to this day.
The amendment was agreed to. The question
recurred upon the resolution, as amended.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. President, I desire to avail
myself of this opportunity to say what I hardly
need say, that if 1 had been present when the vote
was taken, I should have voted for the resolution
then pending affirming the right of the gentleman
from Vermont to retain the seat which he claimed.
Yesterday was the first time since the Senate
commenced this session that I have been absent
during its sitting. I was necessarily compelled
to be absent by an important engagement. My
presence would have made no dilFerence, however;
yet I wish to say that I am not in the habit of re-
porting on a case, and making a speech in its sup-
port, and then voting the reverse, or dodging the
question when the vote is taken.
The resolution was agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURTS AND POST OFFICE
IN PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President 
The PRRESIJOENT -pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from Pennsylvania
that this day is set apart for private bills.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 am aware of that, but
I rise to ask the unanimous consent of the Senate,
for the reasons which 1 will state, to allow me to
report back from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads a bill to provide accommodation
for the United States courts and the post office in
Philadelphia, and 1 shall ask the Senate to con-
sider it at this time. In consequence of an act
consolidating the city and county of Philadelphia,
enlarging the city limits, the United States courts
are about to be turned out of the State House in
Philadelphia; and there is also inadequate accom-
modation for the post office. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to report back the bill to
provide a place for the post office in the city of
Philadelphia, and for the courts of the United
States for the eastern district of Pennsylvania. 1
will briefly state the reasons why it should now
pass.
There being no objection, the report was re-
ceived, and the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole,proceeded to the consideration of the bill.
It proposes to authorize and empower the Post-
master General, and the Secretary of the Interior,
to provide necessary and permanent accommoda-
tions for a post office for the city of Philadelphia,
and for the courts of the United States, with the
office connected with them, in the eastern district
of Philadelphia, by leasing and fitting up the same
for a term of not less than ten years, or by pur-
chase, with a proviso that no purchase shall take
place except within the limits of an appropriation
to be made by Congress.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, this bijl is
in the language of the one passed in regard to the
holding of the courts of the United States for the
district of Massachusetts, in the city of Boston,
which directed the Secretary of the Interior to
provide a suitable place for holding the courts
there. The only difference is, that I have in-
cluded in this bill the Postmaster General, because
there is an inadequate accommodation for the post-
orlice in Philadelphia. In New Yoik, a large
church has been rented, for which the Govern-
ment pays some $10,000 a year. The post office
is now kept in Philadelphia in the Merchant's Ex-
change, a place altogether unsuitable for it. The
grand jury of the United States courts in Phila-
delphia has frequently made it a subject of com-
plaint, and has twice made a presentment that the
accommodations are inadequate.
There is now no place m which to hold the
United States courts in that city. The City Coun-
cils have given notice that the State House can no
longer be used for that purpose, since the citv
proper and surrounding districts have been con-
solidated. 1 have a communication from the
Postmaster General stating these facts, and I have
in my hand the proceedings of the City Councils
to which I have referred. I have also a commu-
nication from the district judge of the United
States, stating that on the 1st proximo the United
States courts and their records will have to be re-
moved from the State House m that city.
Our bill proposes to place Philadelphia upon the
same footing with New York and Boston; and I
hope, therefore, there will be no objection to it.
It makes no appropriation. It refers the matter
to the Postmaster General and the Secretary of
the Interior.
Thave included both those officers, because it
may be necessary for them to separate. It may
be that they cannot get in one building a suita-
ble place for the post office and the courts; and
hence, if they are obliged to separate, the Secre-
tary of the Interior, having charge of the courts,
their accommodation will come under his jurisdic-
tion. If they can make a proper arrangement, they
will so report to Congress, and an appropriation
will hereafter be asked for. I hope that, under
these circumstances, there will be no objection to
the passage of the bill.
Mr. STUART. I do not desire to object to
the passage of the bill; but, as I understand the
proviso—and I wish to call the attention of the
Senator from Pennsylvania to the fact—it amounts
to no proviso at all. As I understand it, it is in
this language—provided, if they purchase, they
shall not exceed an amount hereafter to be appro-
priated by Congress. That is no limitation at all.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask for the reading of
the proviso. I think the Senator from Michigan
is mistaken as to its purport.
The proviso was read,as follows:
Provided, That no purchase shall take place except
within the limits of an appropriation to be made by Con-
gress. "
Mr. STUART. That is, an appropriation here-
after to be made by Congress. Now, under this
language, if they go on and make a bargain, all
Congress is to do is to fulfill it by paying the
amount agreed upon. If it is any object to' limit
the discretion of the officers, it seems to me, and I
suggest it for the consideration of the Senator from
Pennsylvania—for, as I have said, I do not wish to
oppose his bill—that we had better provide, that in
case they agree to purchase, they shall report to
Congress the terms on which they can purchase,
before any contract be permanently entered into.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That is the intention of
the proviso as it now stands. These officers are
to make a conditional contract. They are to re-
port to Congress the amount forwhich proper and
suitable bviikling's can be purchased. I think,
therefore, that the language of the proviso now is
entirely proper. It is the same language as was
used in the Boston bill.
Mr. BUTLER. The bill in reference to Boston
came up for consideration in the Committee on the
Judiciary, and I think it proper to say, that there
were serious objections to it in the committee.
Among others, the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] I know, entertains decided objections to
the whole system; for, if we buy court-houses and
post offices for Philadelphia, New Yoik, and Bos-
ton, every city in the Union will have the same
claim, and we may be compelled to buy buildings
for those purposes for all of them. This, there-
fore, is'the commencement of a system. 1 do not
know whether or not I shall be in favor of it; but
I know there are very strong objections to the
whole system, arid I think it is rather precipitate
to decide upon the bill now in its present form. I
agree with the Senator from Michigan, that there
is no restriction at. all in the proviso to which he
has referred.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If we provide suitable ac-
commodations for the United States courts and
post offices in- Philadelphia, New York, Boston,
and New Orleans, it will not, I think, therefore
follow that all other places must necessarily be so
provided for. These are the great arteries; these
are the large places of this continent; and they are
likely to remain so. It is impossible to obtain in
such large cities from private individuals suitable
buildings to accommodate the United States courts
and post offices. Besides that, the State peniten-
tiary in Philadelphia is now used for the confine-
ment of prisoners of the General Government.
Mr. BAYARD. I should suppose the object
of the honorable member from Pennsylvania might
be attained, and yet the honorable members from
South Carolina and Michigan be satisfied, by
striking out the words " within the limits of an
appropriation to be made by Congress," and by
inserting in their place these words: " Condition-
ally, and dependent upon the making of an appro-
priation by Congress." The proviso would then
read:
Provided, That no purchase shall take place except con-
