1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1387
"The Postmaster General shall be authorized, in his
discretion, to allow such additional compensation as he
may deem just and proper."
This discretion, under a Whig Administration,
applied to all the post offices. Now, we propose
to restrict it to some two or three hundred out of
the twenty-three thousand. If the gentleman saw
no wrong in it under a Whig Administration when
applied to the twenty-three thousand offices, surely
he ought to be satisfied with it when we have re-
stricted it to some two or three hundred offices.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have explained the amend-
ment to which the gentleman objects so much, and
I think he will be willing to acknowledge that I
have done nothing but what is reasonable and
just, and that I have done just as 1 would have
done, whether the Administration were Whig or
Democrat.
One word in relation to my promise of what 1
will do in reference to the California agent. The
bill had been agreed upon in committee. I was
not aware that it had been reported to the House;
but my colleague on the committee [Mr. Mc-
Dougall] informs me that the bill has been re-
ported to the House, and is upon the Private Cal-
endar.
So far as the action of the committee is con-
cerned, we have not " made a promise to the ear
to break it to the hope." The gentleman says
he will vote against it. If he does so, he will do
an act of great injustice to a worthy man. He
will do it from the very best motives; but the man
who suffers in consequence of the gentleman's
good motives, will impute it to the fact that the
gentleman does not always feel disposed to do
right, and, therefore, not always disposed to do
justice. 1 will not trouble the House longer.
Mr. SKELTON here obtained the floor, but
yielded it temporarily to
Mr. HAVEN, who said: One word, Mr.
Speaker, by way of explanation and reply. I do
not intend, now, further to trouble the question of
increasing the postage; such a measure, m my
opinion, would be unwise disconnected from the
question of pay to postmasters. 1 hope it will
not be further urged here; it would not comport
with the public good.
But to the question between me and the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Olds.] I called his atten-
tion to the sixth section of the act reducing the
postages, passed in 1851. I did so for the pur-
pose of showing that by that law, under which
he tries to justify the discretion of the Postmaster
General, the compensation was limited to twenty
per cent.; beyond that point Congress thought it
indiscreet to give him a discretion. The gentle-
man says, now, that the sixth section I have read,
is parallel to a portion of his bill. Sir, after look-
ing at both, 1 feel bound to say the gentleman has
no warrant iri either for his asseition. 1 ask him
to point out any legislation in the act of 1851,
which is an authority for giving this increased
compensation, in any way whatever, beyond
twenty per cent.
The bill of 1851 authorizes the giving of this
increased compensation, to the limit of twenty
per cent, to all postmasters, as the gentleman
mentioned. But 1 call upon him to point out any
authority to give it to these distributing or separa-
ting offices as a class. He made the declaration
that they stood, under the law of 1851, as favor-
ably as they stand now. Why, sir, this bill riot
only gives the additional percentage I have men-
tioned to the postmasters, but it also gives them
this unlimited discretion in their favor, to be exer-
cised by the Postmaster General. I repeat, the
act of 1851 only gives the Postmaster General the
right to increase the compensation twenty per
cent. But the gentleman does not point out to me
anything upon the subject, in reference to the dis-
tributing offices, in that act, or in reference to an
unlimited discretion of the Postmaster General. If
he cannot do so, then his proviso is an interpola-
tion, and a new species of legislation that ought
to be promptly met and rejected here.
Mr. HOUSTON. Now, Mr. Speaker, I think
we had better go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. OLDS. One word in reply to the gentleman
from New York. 1 will not detain the House a
minute. I only wish to say in reference to this
discretionary power which is given to the Post-
master General, that the same discretionary power
was given to that officer by the act of March 3,
1851, to increase the compensations of postmasters
at distributing offices.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 understand that. The gentle-
man refers to the sixth section of the act of 1851,
and that brings me back to the charge I first made,
that this Senate amendment goes further than the
act of 1851. It takes otF all limitation. Itincreases
the compensation of the postmasters too much in
the first place by the first sections of the bill. And
then, having got that compensation up to a point
as high as this House is willing to go, it allows
the Postmaster General to begin there, with his
irresponsible hand, and run it up just as much
further as he pleases. It allows him to level up
ilhmitably from the highest point to which this
Housedurego. Sir, it takes oiralllimitation. I do
not design these remarks in any offensive sense;
but I thought myself bound to point out this bad
legislation to,the House.
i Air. OLDS. I ask the gentleman, if he would
| prefer the sixth section of the act of March 3,1851,
■ giving discretionary power to the Postmaster Gen-
: eral to met ease the pay of all postmasters ?
Mr. HAVEN. I answer, that tins bill puts
their compensation too high, without conferring
any discretion on the Postmaster General. But if it
were not too high, I should by all means piefer
the proviso to the sixth section of the act of 1851,
and have it applied to these distributing or sepa-
rating offices, for that proviso limits the mciease
I to twenty per cent.
| Mr. SKELTON. I do not propose to inquire
, what has been done, or what has not been done
heretofore. And whether this is a Whig or a
i Democratic measure, in my opinion, has nothing
| to do with the question under consideration. The
i question presented for our consideration to-day
I is simply this: Is this measure calculated to pro-
! mote the best interests of the countiy? That is
. the question to which the House should confine
j itself, and not to the consideration of what has or
j has not been done.
! Sir, what is the duty of the House in reference
to a question of this kind? 1 regietted that I
was not present when this bill was originally
before the House, that 1 might have given to the
House the opinions I entertained in reference to
the matter, and I am gJad that I have the oppor-
tunity of doing it now. I regard this whole busi-
ness as wrong. We have aheady passed two bills
during the present session, changing to some ex-
tent our postal system. The object of both has
been the same, bcth have been outside the great
object for which they should have been framed—
the interests of the country and the wants of the
Department of Government to which they relate.
Now, sir, the question which we should decide
is not how much we shall pay the postmasters,
or whether they will be able to make a living or
not, but whether we can best promote the public
interest by the proposed change in the post office
laws? But what has been the history of the mat-
ter? First comes a bill before the House increas-
ing the compensation of postmasters; then comes
another bill increasing the rates of postage, and
thereby still further increasing the compensation
of postmasters by augmenting the amount of
receipts upon which they receive a certain per
centage. Now, is this necessary, in order to sub-
serve the public interest? Is it necessary to
increase the compensation of these officers in
order to obtain competent men to serve? Have
not all of us been persecuted, day after day and
night after night, by office seekers, anxious to
take these offices with the pay already granted,
and yet, day by day, you go on increasing their
compensation.
The Post Office Department was established for
the public interest, the publicaccommodation, and
the dissemination of knowledge through the coun-
try. It has been a principle of policy that the De-
partment should sustain itself. If that principle
is to be maintained in practice, it is necessary that
we should keep the expenditures down to the
lowest possible point, and why ? Because it is our
duty to legislate for the interest of the public, and
not for that of office-holders. On the contrary, it
seems to me that these bills have been introduced
for the interest of the latter. I would particularly
call the attention of members to the fact, that we are
to legislate for the public, and not for individual
office-holders
The Post Office Department is one of great im-
portance in this country. Free dissemination of
ideas, and correspondence between the various
sections of the Union, is calculated to promote
harmony of feeling and concord of action. It is
not only calculated to do that, but also to exer-
cise a salutary influence upon the social condition
of this great Republic.
It is important that the United States mail should
be carried to as many points as possible. I have
applied at various times for additional post offices
m my district, and m the State I have the honor in
part to represent; but I have been refused, and on
theground that the Post Office Department does not
pay its expenses; that the expenditures are now
so large that it cannot afford to establish any new
offices, though the particular localities may re-
quire, and the public interest demand them.
Now, our present action, so far from reaching
what should be our main object, would defeat it.
The Postmaster General shows that his Depart-
ment is largely indebted to the General Govern-
ment. It does not clear one cent. Yet, while
there are wanting additional facilities forthe trans-
portation of the mail in various sections, it is
proposed here that we should increase the bur-
dens of the Department, and thus defeat the great
and leading object for which it was established.
Why, sir, if Congress is to go on in this way
increasing the compensation of postmasters, it its
best that we should abolish the Department at
once, and leave the transmission of the mails to
private enterprise. Our correspondence can be
cheaper and more rapidly transported at the pres-
ent time by private expresses than through the
post office. Notwithstanding this, members are
constantly urging the House to increase the ex-
penses of the Department, that office-holders may
be fattened, is this right? Is it right in princi-
ple? Is it calculated to promote the public inter-
est? If it is calculated to promote the public
mteiest, then we should sustain it. If, on the
contrary, U is not so calculated, and I maintain
that it is not, every honorable member on this
floor should say at once that, by increasing the
expenditures of the Post Office Department, we
directly lessen the advantage designed by its or-
ganization, and do a great injury to the interests <.
of the country.
Mr. COBB. I call for the previous question.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken on the amendment
proposed by the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads to the amendment of the Senate^ and
it was agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment of
the Senate, as amended, it was taken; and said
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I offer the usual resolution
to close debate upon the civil and diplomatic bill
on Thursday next, at twelve o'clock.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider do lie on the
table; which latter moiton was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of taking up that bill*
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. There are two or
three bills on the Speaker's table, and the day is
now (two hours and five minutes) pretty far ad-
vanced. I think the House could dispose of these
bills in an hour, at furthest; and I therefore move
that the House do now proceed to the business on
the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Houston] having been
regularly made, will take precedence of the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. DAVIS. I was under the impression that
a motion to go to the business on the Speaker's
table took precedence of a motion to go into com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
is perhaps right.
The question was taken on Mr. Davis's motion;
and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion submitted
by Mr. Houston.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would be very
happy, Mr. Speaker, to be permitted to make a
