678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
printing of-one hundred thousand extra copies,
and you can limit it to a million if you please.
[Laughter.]
The question was then taken; and Mr. Jones's
motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the motion was agreed to, and to lay that
motion upon the table.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I demand the
yeas and nays on that latter motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. The
question was then taken, and the motion to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table was adopted.
RESOLUTIONS OF GEORGIA.
Mr. CHASTAIN. T ask the unanimous
consent of the House to present the preamble and
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of Geor-
gia, in relation to the Territory of Nebraska.
No objection being made, the resolutions were
received,' and read, as follows:
Resolution in relation to the Territory of Nebraska.
The Stateof Georgia in solemn convention having fiimly
fixed herself upon the principles of the compromise
measures of 1850, relating to the subject of *lave>y m the
Territories of the United States, as a final settlement of the
agnation of that question, its withdrawal from the Halls of
Congress, and the political arena, and it^ reference to the
people of the Territories interested therein ; and distinctly
recognizing m those compromise measures the doctrine,
that it is not competent for Congress to impose any restric-
tions as to the existence of slavery among them upon the
citizens moving into and setthngupon th* Territories of the
Union, acquired or to be hereafter acquired : but that the
question whether slavery >hall or shall not form a part of
their domestic institutions i* for them alone to detennine
for themselves ; and her present Executive having reiter
ated and afftuned the same fixed policy in his inaugura
address—
Be U raolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of tire State of Georgia in General JUssembly met.
That the Legislature of Goorgm, as the leprt^entauves ol
the people, speaking their will and expressing their loehngs,
have had their confidence strengthened in the settled de-
termination of the great body of the northern people to carry
out in good faith those principles, in the practical anplu a-
tion of than to the hills reported by Mr. J)ongl;ts, fiom tin:
Committee on Territories, in the United States Semite, at
the present session, proposing the organization of a territo-
rial goverrimenUor the Territory ot Nebraska.
Jiml he it fuitherresolvcilj Thatotir tfcnatorsm Congtoss
be, and Uioy arc hereby, instiacted, and our llepiesentaiivcs
requested, to vote foi ami support those principles, and to
use all proper means in then power lor earr> tug them out,
either as applied to the government of the Terntory of Ne-
braska, or lji any other bill for teiritorial government which
may come befoie them.
Resolved further, That his Excellency the Governor be
requested to transmit a copy of these resolutions to each of
our Senators and Representatives in Congress.
On motion by Mr. CHASTAIN, it was
Ordered, That said lesoluuons he upon the tabic and be
printed.
RESOLUTIONS OF ILLINOIS.
Mr. WASUBURNE, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, presented the joint resolutions of the
General Assembly of the State of Illinois, rela-
tive to the establishment of industrial universities
for the encouragement of practical and general
education among the people, in the several States
of the Union, to cooperate with each other, and
with the Smithsonian Institution, tit Washington.
On motion by Mr. WASHBURNE, it was
Ordei cdj That the resolutions he upon the table, and be
printed.
RESOLUTIONS OF MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to present resolutions fiom
the Legislature of Mississippi.
The resolutions were then read by the Clerk.
They declare that efforts are being made in Con-
gress to prohibit tiie introduction of slaves into
the Territory of Nebraska, in a manner not in ac-
cordance with the spirit of the Federal Constitu-
tion; therefore, be it resolved, that the bill now
pending before Congress, organizing a territorial
government in Nebraska and Kansas, is in ac-
cordance with the principles of the Constitution of
the United States, and in the opinion of this Le-
gislature just and proper, and that our Senators
and Representatives in Congress be instructed to
support this bill by all honorable means.
On motion by Mr. BARKSDALE, it was
Ordered, That the resolutions lie upon the table ami be
printed.
BIDS FOR NAVAL SUPPLIES.
Mr. EOCOCK. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to permit me to make a report from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and in case theie
is any objection, I shall move to suspend the rules,
in order that I may make such a report.
The following joint resolution was then read
the first and second time by its title.
Joint resolution relative to bids for provisions,
clothing, and small stores forthe use of the Navy.
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask to have the joint resolu-
tion put upon its passage; and I will state in five
minutes my reason for its adoption.
The resolution was then read through by the
Clerk.
[A message in writing was here received from
the President of the United States, by the hands
of Sidney Webstek, his Private Secretary.]
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 have no idea of detaining the
House, unnecessarily, with any suggestions which
1 have to make iti relation to this question. If
there were no objection to the resolution upon the
part of any one, I would not say a single word,
but let the vote be taken at once, I appeal to the
House to bear meout in theasseition,that 1 have
trespassed upon the time of the House as little as
any member present.
1 wish now to make a statement, which will
occupy but a few minutes, to show the reasons
why I come forward to-day and ask the peculiar
privilege of being permitted to bring forward this
resolution, and also to have it put upon its pas-
sage.
Mr. Speaker, this was a resolution that was sent
down three or four weeks ago from the Depart-
ment. I received with it letters both from the Sec-
retary of the Navy and from the Chief of the Bu-
reau of Clothing and Provisions, representing it
to be of immense consequence to the success of
that branch of the public business that this reso-
lution should be passed. It was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and, some three or
four weeks ago—immediately after its receipt—it,
was considered in that committee, and, 1 believe,
there was not a dissenting voire either to the pro-
priety of passing it or to the necessity that existed
tor its immediate passage. Since that time I have
not had an opportunity to report it. 1 do not
know, from the position in which the Committee
on Public Lands stands now, when, in the ordi-
nary course of affairs, I should have an opportu-
nity to report. And so, sir, it seemed to me to be
best to biing it forward at this time, as it is of
great importance that it should be passed at once,
and for tilts reason.
The time has arrived when the annual adver-
tisements of this Department for bids of this sort
are to be published. I believe these advertise-
ments are usually made on the 15th day of the
present month. The Department has waited up
to this time in the expectation that this resolution
would be considered and adopted, and has agreed
to wait for a week or two longer, but beyond that
time the urgency of the service will prevent it from
further procrastination.
Mr. Speaker, if this resolution is to be adopted
at all, it should be adopted at once. It proposes
to take the contracts for these supplies out of the
hands of speculators, and to confine them to real
bona fide manufacturers of, or dealers in, the arti-
cles. l ut, 1 do not intend this morning to enter
at length into the discussion of the question of the
contract system for supplies of the Navy Depart-
ment. Permit me to state this much, however,
that tn many legards it has proved to be an entire
failure. Let me explain. Proposals are made,
under the present system, for the supply of par-
ticular articles of provisions. Gentlemen come
in and make their bids. These bids they make as
a matter of pure speculation. If the price of the
article rises in the market they throw up their
bids, and the Government finds it in vain to at-
tempt to get redress from them. For instance, a
contractor comes and makes a bid for the supply
of flour; the bid, which is made as a matter of
pure speculation, is accepted, and the contract en-
tered into. Afterwards the article of flour rises
in the market, and he immediately throws up his
contract; or, if he complies with Ins contract in
form, he does so by furnishing an inferior article.
What does the Government then do? Does it
go into the courts and sue the contractor for his
breach of contract? Why, if the Government
were to go into court and sue, it wotiM have the
exnense, trouble, and annoyance of the suit, and
that is about all it would get. But,jf the article
falls in the market, so that the price at which the
contractor proposes to furnish it is double its value,
the Government has no power to annul the con-
tract. The Government, under such circum-
stances, cannot go into the market and buy arti-
cles at the low prices at which they may be sold,
but is bound in good faith to keep its contract
with the contractor.
1 say, therefore, that in many cases, especially
where these contracts are taken by pure specula-
tors—a thing which is very Ttsual—and not by real
dealers, the Government, under the present sys-
tem, stands a chance to lose, but has no chance
whatever to gain. Now, that evil is increased
very gieatly by the fact that these contracts are
often given into the hands of speculators. Real
dealeis—men who live by their trade—must sus-
triin their reputation. They feel that their future
success depends, in some respect, upon their per-
forming faithfully what they undertake to do.
It is to remedy or to obviate this evil that this
resolution provides that bids shall not be taken—
but by the option of the Department—from those
who are not known to be regular manufacturers of,
or dealers in, the articles which they propose to
supply; and also that if two or three bids are made
by the same Ann, they shall be all rejected,at the
option of the Department, because that fact would
show that the bid is a mere matter of speculation.
It also provides that one partner shall not be taken
as security for another partner.
Mr. Speaker, on a single other particular branch
of the subject 1 ask to say a word. The latter part
of the resolution proposes to permit the Depart-
ment to go into the market and buy particular
brands of fiour, when such brands are known to
be essential to particular services. It is stated, in
the communication of the Chief of the Bureau of
Supplies and Provisions, that particular brands
of flour alone can bear to be transported arownd
Cape Horn, and to be used on the Pacific ocean.
Theie are other brands of flour which, though
they may look weli here, turn out very inferior if
brought around Cape Horn, and are so much waste
and loss to the Government. The only way to
avoid that condition of things is to give to the
Department the power to go into the market and
buy these particular brands which are known to
keep in a good state of preservation.
That cannot be done by the contract system.
A man can come into competition, take the con-
tract at a lower bid, but furnish a different quality
i of flour, which, if it looks well here, must he re-
ceived under the contract, and if any loss accrues
by that course, it is thrown upon the Government.
I believe I have fully explained the object and effect
of this resolution.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. In relation to
the latter portion of the remarks of the gentleman
who introduced the resolution, [Mr. Bocock,] I
do not suppose that I have sufficient infoimation
to speak intelligently or with certainty on the sub-
ject to which they refer.
But in relation to the first branch—that which
proposes to put it into the power of the Secretary
of the Navy to enter into contract with others
than the lowest bidders for the supply of the flour
and other articles, and which confines the contract
to he entered into with the dealers in the particular
article—I apprehend that such a course will be the
means of creating combinations and monopolies
in particular neighborhoods in relation to the mat-
ter of making bids.
We have hod no little experience in the Stateof
New York in regard to the operation of the con-
tract system; and it is true, perhaps, as a general
thing, whether the contract be entered into with a
regular dealer, a mechanic, or any other person,
that if the contract turns out to be an unprofitable
| or a bad one it is very often abandoned.
j But 1 know of no reason why you should ex-
] pect that a miller, with whom such a contract
I should be made, would, if the price of flour should
i rise,and theieby hiscontract become unprofitable,
! comply with his contract and furnish the flour,
any more than would a responsible merchant or
mechanic, who should enter into such a contract,
and should find it a bad one. I can see no reason
why he should suppose there would be any dif-
ference. It seems to me that it is opening the
door to any one who has authority or compe-
tency to enter into a contract, to do so, rather
with" the view of benefiting the contractor than the
United States.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. As t understand
the honorable chairman of the committee, [Mr. Bo-
