1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
679
cock,] who introduced the resolution,to state lhat
these proposed changes are the result of the large
and extended experience of the Department 
Mr. BOCOCK. If the gentleman will permit
roe to say a word, I will remark, that the proposed
changes are the result, riot only of the large expe-
rience of the Department, but the course Kas been
sanctioned already, in regard to two or three other
articles. It was found necessary to relax the
severity of the contract system, in reference to but-
ter and cheese, and a few other articles, and it is
only desired now to extend that policy to flour, and
some other things.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am perfectly
satisfied, from the remarks of the gentleman from
Virginia, that we ought to yield something to the
experience of those who have the special charge
of these matters. And I, for one, am willing to
lend my aid to the improvement of the naval ser-
vice, and yield to the suggestions of the Govern-
ment m that respect. I trust that such, also, will
be the sense of this House. Under the circum-
stances, I am in favor of the resolution; and, before
I take my seat, 1 beg leave to call the previous
question.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I ask my col-
league to withdraw that call for a moment.
Mr. SMITH. I will do so, in favor of my
colleague.
Mr. BAYLY. Mr. Speaker, I entirely concur
with my colleague from the Appomattox district,
[Mr. Bocock,] that there are a number of articles
which the Department ought to be allowed to
purchase in open market. This is a subject
winch we have heretofore investigated elaborately
in this House. In the article of tobacco, for in-
stance, in that of butter and of cheese, and some
others, it was demonstrated atthet.me—for I had
something to do with the investigation myself—
that purchasing by contract was the most expen-
sive possible mode we could adopt. Under it,
articles that would pass inspection, would be
carried into southern latitudes, where they would
quickly spoil, become unfit for use, be condemned,
and be thrown overboard.
I recollect the statement lias repeatedly been
made, from the highest authority, that m respect
to such ai-ticlps as would not keep in the different
changes of latitudes real economy required that
they should be purchased in open market, rather
than by contract. Upon the articles of tobacco,
butter, cheese, and many other articles, when the
Government abandoned the system of puichasing
in onen market, and adopted that of purchasing by
contract, they lost at least fifty per cent, upon the
cost of' these articles. I believe it was more than
that, but I am certainly within bounds when I say
that the Government loft more than fifty per cent.,
growing out of the inferiority of the a1, tide fur-
nished "by the lowest milder. They ought to be
pniduised in open market, of responsible per-
sons.
• It does occur to me that in the matter of fur-
nishing our Na\y, where the health ot the officers
and men is concerned, to say nothing of economy,
that system ought to be adopted which would in-
sure the best articles of supply. The system of
Iettin0" the contract out to the lowest bidder does
riot pioduce the brst ai tide. I repeat, that the
stores of the Navy have been frequently found in
such a condition, that large quantities of butler,
floui, cheese, and other artiHes have_had to be
thrown overboard. They have been tound to be
so atfected by the change of climate as to be unfit
for use. That h.is been the experience of the
Government; and so far from saving anything
from having these articles furnished by (lie lowest
bi.ld-r, the expense has been greatly increased,
and the discomfort of those employed m :nir Navy
has also been greatly mcieased. I ienew the de-
mand for ihe pievious question.
Mr..TOMES, of Tennet-see. I wish to make a
single inquiry of the gentleman who reported this
resolution. I do not desire to make a speech
about it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can make
his inquiry by the unanimous consent of til,©
House.
Mr. .TONES. I ask the gentleman fiom Vir-
ginia to withdraw the demand for the previous
question, and gne me the right to m.ike the in-
cpmy.
Mr. BAYLY". I only renewed the demand for
the previous question to accommodate my col-
league, who reported the bill. Of course I with-
draw the demand, with his consent.
Mr. JONES. I think this joint resolution is
right, so far as it goes. But, in my opinion, the
Department should have the authority to go into
open market, and purchase any articles of supply
which it may deem necessary.
We know that when the Department advertises
for bids for supplying provisions, persons who
never owned a barrel of Sour, a pound of pork,
or a dollar's worth of any of the articles needed by
the Government, will put in bids, and then rely on
buying them after they shall have the contracts
awarded them. If you will permit the Depart-
ment to send its agents into the open market, they
will find all the articles in the hands of the regu-
lar dealers. They can buy them on better terms,
in my opinion, and get bette? articles by going to
those wtio have them on hand, whose interest it
is to sell them, and who are consequently anxious
to make a fair and honest sale. A fairer sale can
be thus had than by advertising.
I merely wish to ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, who reported this resolu-
tion, and who has it in charge, whether it would
not be better to go further, and give the Secretary
of the Treasury the right under law to advertise
if he thought proper, or to go into the open mar-
ket and purchase ail the supplies that may be
needed for his Department? In my opinion it
would; but, perhaps, I am not sufficiently informed
on the subject.
Mr. BOCOCK. In answer to the question of
my friend from Tennessee, I wish to say to him
and the House, that in all the views he has pre-
sented on this occasion, I myself entirely concur.
1 believe that it would be a great deal better for
the Department, in relation to the matter of pro-
visions at least, to go into the open market and buy
the sound article at the market price for the reasons
which I gave at first. But I knew. Mr. Speaker, that
if such a resolution were introduced here, it would
open up a long discussion, perhaps, on the merits
of the contract system. The urgency of the case
was such that I did not think proper to introduce
anything at this time which would lead to that
lengthy "debate. I preferred taking what I thought
I could get. 1 preferred coming here and asking
what was necessary to the exigency of the case,
and to leave to the future to take care of the bal-
ance. This is what we want at present. I ask
it of the House as the best thing that we can get
without protracted discussion. 1 hope it may be
granted. Believingthe matter to befully explained,
1 call for the previous question.
At the request of several members, the joint
resolution was again read.
The call for the previous question was then sec-
onded; there being, on a division—ayes 76, noes
not counted.
The mam question was then ordered to be put.
The question now being on ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a tnird time,
Mr. WALSH demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wtre not ordered.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and lead a third time; and, being en-
grossed, was subsequently read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BOCOCK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was put, and the motion was dis-
agreed to.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to set apart the
fiist week m May for the consideiatioii of territo-
rial business.
Mr. WHEELER. What kind of territorial
business r
Mr. RICHARDSON. The local business of
the organized 'JYniiones.
Mr." CUTTING. Does the gentleman include ;
the Nebraska bill? j
Mr RICHAKDSON. No, sir; only the busi- j
ness of organized Territories. |
Mr. JON ES, of Tennessee. I suppose the gen- i
tleraan means the week commencing with the first
Monday in May?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Yes, sir.
A Member. Why not fix upon an earlier day?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Because we want time
to report bills.
The question was then taken; and the motion
was agreed to.
CHARGES AGAINST SECRETARY OF WAR.
Mr. BARRY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution:
Whereas, it has been declared by u member of this body,
upon the floor of the House, that " a usurpation of power
and a perversion of the very principles ofcivil liberty itself"
" have been committed by a Democratic Secretary of War,"
meaning The present Secretary of War, Colonel Jefferson
Davis ; and whereas, the same member has used in debate
tile following language:
£! I charge, and it cannot be denied, that the War De-
partment has gradually and insidiously engrossed and mo-
nopolized as many of tne civil offices of the Government as
it could, and by this means has been enabled to give snug
and comfortable positions to its favorites until the evil has
become, widespread ami dangerous."
And whereas, it is due to the officer against whom
charges of such gravity have been made, as well as to the
correct administration of public affairs, and the preserva-
tion of the legal disiinction between the civil and military
branches of the public service, that those charges should he
at once and thoroughly investigated : Therefore,
Resolve/I, That a committee of seven be appointed to in-
quire into the tiuth of those charges in their widest scops,
and whether the Secretary of War has tiauseended Ins
legal powers, and the usage of the War Department, in re-
lation to She extension of the Capitol and other civil works;
and ait the facts m their pjdgment bearing on the origin,
nalurc, and purpose of the charges made against the Sec-
retary of War, and to report the same to this House ; and
that the committee have power to send lor persons and
papers.
Mr. BARRY. The resolution simply proposes
to raise a committee of inquiry. The charges
alluded to in tins resolution are simply quota-
tions taken from a speech made in this House,
and the object 1 have in its introduction at this
time is to have a committee of investigation ap-
pointed to inquire whether the charges which have
been made here and elsewhere are true.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inquire,
whether there are objections to the introduction of
this resolution ?
Mr. ENGLISH. I object.
Mr. BARRY. I move to suspend the rules to
enable me to introduce this resolution. I will
state that it simply asks that a committee be
appointed for the purpose of investigating the
charges made against a public officer, which, if
true, will render him liable to the censure of this
House and the countiy.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would ask thegentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Barry] if there has not
been already a select committee appointed to in-
quire into the prominent facts that have been
charged upon this officer ?
Mr. BARRY. In reply to the gentleman from
Ohio, I take it for granted" that there is no such
committee, because these charges are made by the
gentleman who is the chairman of the Select
Committee to which he alittdes; and, of course,
he would not be announcing the action of the cont-
nvttee in anticipation of the report which they are
required to make.
Mr. CAMPDELL. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Mississippi that he had better wait
until the report of the committee is made.
Mr. STANTON, .of Kentucky. I desire to
make a single remark in connection with this mat-
ter, and it is this: Before the House adopts this
resolution it would be well to inquire whether any
such charges as are indicated by the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Barry,] who has offered
this resolution,'were made by me. I intended, in
my remarks referred to, to make no such charges
against the present Secretary of War. I did say,
however, that the War Department had gradually
and insidiously engrossed and monopolized cer-
tain civil positions all over the country. The sys-
tem did not begin under the present Administration,
but originated twenty years ago, and has increased
until the evil is wide spread and dangerous. I did
not mean to charge that itoriginated under the pres-
ent Secretary of War, although it is continued by
Ins Department, when it should be stopped.
Mr. CRAIGE. I do not see any necessity
for the passage of these resolutions. Shortly after
Congress met a resolution of inquiry in regard to
this matter was introduced by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,] and referred to one of
ihe standing eniiinuttees of this House. Subse-
