1854..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
%M7
fitting up and leasing the same until permanent
accommodations can be provided as hereinafter
proposed. k
Sec. 2. And be. it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident cause to be procured, by purchase or other-
wise, suitable sites for buildings, to be used as
court-houses and post offices, in the cities of Bos-
ton, New Yerk, and Philadelphia; and that he
prepare and submit to Congress, at as early a day
as practicable, plans and estimates for the same,
together with any contract or contracts he may
make for any such site or sites, which contractor
contracts shall be conditional and made subject to
the approval of Congress.
Approved, August 2, 1854.
afforded by the said act of Congress, of the second
of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, be,
and are hereby, extended to the said port of Mad-
ison.
Approved, August 2, 1854.
Public, LVH.—In Act to establish a Port of Deliv-
ery at Lake Port, on Lake Pontclmrtrain, and for
other "purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Amei'ica in Congress
. assembled, That there be, and hereby i^, established
at the terminus of the Jefferson and Lake Pont-
chartrain railway, on Lake Pontchartrain, a port
of delivery, to embrace also the lake terminus of
Ine new canal, to be called Lake Port; that a sur-
veyor shall be appointed to reside thereat; that
all ships or vessels bound to said port shall,
after proceeding thereto, and making report and
entry at the port of New Orleans within the time
limited by law, be permitted to unlade their car-
goes at the said port, under the rules and regula-
tions prescribed by law.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all vessels
about tn depart from said port to foreign ports and
places, shall be permitted toclearout with their car-
goes at thecustom-house inthecity of New Orleans,
and depart under the same rules, regulations, and
restrictions, and in every respect in the same man-
ner, as vessels clearing out and departing for
foreign ports and places from the said city of
New Orleans by the way of the Mississippi river.
Approved, August 2, 1854.
Public, LV1I1.—An .Bet to relinquish the Rever-
sionary Interest of the United States to a certain
Reservation therein mentioned, and to confirm the
title of Charles G-. Qunter thereto.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That all the right, title, and interest
■which might accrue or revert to the United States j
to a certain fraction or [of] section number nine- i
teen of township number sixteen and range num- i
ber sixteen, including an island in the Alabama \
river, commonly called Manac's Island, a little I
below the mouth of Catoma creek, and being the 1
reservation to which Samuel Manac, a Creek In- >
dian, became entitled under the treaty of Port j
Jackson, be, and the same are hereby, relinquished !
to Charles G. Gunter, his heirs and assigns, and
a patent shall be issued to the said Charles G.
Gunter, his heirs or assigns for the same, upon
the payment to the receiver of the land office at
Cahaba, in the State of Alabama, of the minimum :
price per acre of the public lands now subject to ■
entry in said State. i
Approved, August 2, 1854. j
0 ' |
Public, LIX.—Jin Jicl constituting' Madison, in!
the State of Indiana, a Port of Delivery. |
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- i
tentative! of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Madison, in the State of Indiana,
shall be, and is hereby, constituted a port of de-
livery, and shall be subject to the same regula-
tions and restrictions as other ports of delivery m
the United States; and there shall be appointed a
surveyor of customs to reside at said port, who
shall, in addition to his own duties, perform the
duties and receive the salary and emoluments of
surveyor, prescribed by the act of Congress, ap-
proved on the second of March, eighteen hundred
and thirty-one, providing for the payment of
duties on imported goods, at certain ports therein
mentioned, entitled " An act allowing the duties
on foreign merchandise imported into Pittsburg,
Wheeling, Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis,
Nashville, and Natchez, to be secured and paid at
those places;" and the said town of Madison, and
the said port of delivery, be, and is hereby, an-
nexed and made a part of the collection district of
New Orleans, and all the facilities and privileges
Public, LX.—Jin Jlet lo constitute Tmcumbia, in
the State of Alabama, a Port of Delivery, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Sta'es of America in Congress
assembled, That Tuscumbia, in the State of Ala-
bama, shall be, and is hereby, constituted a port
! of delivery within the collection district of New
; Orleans; and there shall be appointed a surveyor
i of customs, to reside at said port, who shall, in
i addition to his own duties, perform the duties and
I receive the salary and emoluments of surveyor,
prescribed by the act of Congress, approved on
the second of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-
j one, for importing merchandise into Pittsburg,
! Wheeling, and other places.
j Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, ThatPaducah,
1 in the State of Kentucky, Shreveport, in the State
, of Louisiana, and Jeffersonville, in the State of
! Indiana, shall be; and they are hereby, con-
stituted ports of delivery within the collection
I district of New Orleans; [and there shall be ap-
! pointed a surveyor of customs for each of said
1 ports, to reside thereat,] who shall, in addition to
their own duties, perform the duties, and receive
the salary and emoluments of surveyor, prescribed
by the act of Congress approved on the second
of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, for
: importing merchandise into Pittsburg, Wheeling,
' and other places.
; Approved, August 2, 1854.
Public, LX1.—An Act creating a Collection District
in Texas and New .Mfxiro.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the county of El Paso, in the State
of Texas, and the Territory of New Mexico, be,
and they are hereby, created a colfection district,
which shall be called the district of Paso del Norte,
and Frontera, within said county of El Paso, is
hereby made a port of entry and delivery for said
district.
. Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be a collector of customs appointed for said
district, together with such other officers as are
provided for by law. The said collector shall
reside at Frontera-aforesaid, and he shall be en-
titled to a salary not exceeding two thousand dol-
lars per annum; including in that sum the fees
allowed bylaw,and4he amount he shall collect in
any one year for fees exceeding the sum of two
thousand dollars shall be accounted for and paid
into the Treasury of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the dis- i
trict court for the Territory of New Mexico shall i
have and exercise jurisdiction overall cases which !
shall arise in the collection district of Paso del j
Norte, in the administration of the revenue laws, j
in the same manner, as if the said district was I
entirely within the Territory of New Mexico. j
Approved, August 2, 1854. j
Public , LXII.—An Jlct making Appropriations for ■
Light-Houses, Light-Boats, Bunys, etc., and provi- ]
ding for the Erection and Establishment of the same,
and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- ■
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress '
assembled, That the following appropriations be,
and the same are hereby, made, and directed !
to be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to enable the Secretary of
the Treasury to carry the provisions of this act :
into effect: Provided, hoxoever, If a good title to
any land which it may be necessary to use can- I,
not be obtained on reasonable terms, or the ex- i
clusiye right to such land cannot be acquired by j!
cession when the interest of the United States |j
demands it, before the appropriation would by law ji
fall into the surplus fund, in .any and all such jj
cases the appropriations shall be applicable to the !|
objects for which they are made at any time jj
within two years after the first meeting of the m
Legislature, in any State wherein such land may :
be situated, subsequent to the passage of tlus act, I
to wit. !
Maine.—For rebuilding light-house and keeper's
dwelling on Petit Menan Island, thirty-five thou-
I sand dollars.
| For rebuilding light-house on Baker's Island,
| five thousand dollars.
] For rebuilding light-house on Franklin Island,
1 five thousand dollars.
j For procuring illuminating apparatus,and com-
! pleting light-house tower and buildings, author-
: ized to be built on Boone Island, nineteen lhou 
j sand nine hundred and seventy-three dollars,
j For an iron bell-boat, to be stationed to mark
Alden's Rock, five thousand dollars.
| For fog-signal and dwelling for jreeper, hear
j Manheigin light-house, three thousand five hun-
j dred dollars.
l For harbor-light on or near breakwater atPort-
land, three thousand five hundred dollars.
For completion of beacon' on Buck ledge, Pe-
nobscot river, in addition to five hundred dollars
already appropriated, two thousand dollars.
For restoring the two other stone beacons on
Penobscot river, one thousand dollars.
For fog-signals on Mount Desert Rock and
Matinicus light-houses, five thousand dollars.
For buoys for the waters on the coast of Maine,
viz: St. Croix river, near the breakwater, Port-
i land, Maine, and for beacons and buoys at other
important points in the St. Croix, Kennebec, and
Penobscot rivers, etc., two thousand dollars.
| For light on pier-head at Kennebunk harbor,
five hundred dollars.
For a light-house to mark, the eastern extremity
to Edgemoggin Reach, to be placed upon such
]; point as may be determined, upon careful exam-
ij ination and survey, six thousand dollars.
jj For beacons to mark ledges in Castine harbor,
jj Maine, five thousand dollars.
jj For a beacon on a ledge in St. Croix river,
j about four miles below the town of Calais, and a
j light-house upon Big Island, at the mouth of St.
j Croix river, nine thousand dollars.
| For a light-house on or near the Widow's
Island, at the eastern entrance of Fox Island thor-
ouehfaie, five thousand dollars.
For a light-house at the entrance of the thor-
oughfare at Isle au Haute, five thousand dollars,
j For a light-house on Southern Island, at the
i entrance of Tenant's harbor, in the town of St.
. George, four thousand five hundred dollars.
I For a light-house at the entrance of Winter
harbor, in GoIdsburgh,four thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
l For the erection of two beacons in west Pas-
! samaquoddy bay, to mark the channel over the
' bar at the western entrance, three thousand dol- "
j lars.
For a beacon on harbor ledge, a spindle on Seal
j ledges, a spindle on Ship-Yard ledge, a spindle
j on Lowell's Rock, and a buoy on Ram Island
I ledge, in Rockport harbor, Camden, six thousand
dollars.
For a light-house at Noddle's Island, at theen-
trance to the harbor of Castine and Brooksville,
four thousand five hundred dollars.
For a day-mark, or beacon, on Trott's Ledge,
about one mile from the entrance to Castine and
Brooksville harbor, five hundred dollars.
For a light-house at Dry Point, on Lineken'a
Neck, on the westerly side of the Damariscotta
river, six thousand dollars.
For a light-house on Wood Island, five thou-
sand dollars.
Massachusetts.—For continuation of the work on
foundation and light-housebuildings on the rocks
called " Sow and Pigs," thirty thousand dollars.
For rebuilding light-house at Gay Head, and
fitting it with first order illuminating apparatus,
thirty thousand dollars.
That the sums appropriated March three, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-one, and August thirty-
one, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, " for iron
spindles on the Graves and Harding's Ledges,
Boston harbor," be applied to the procuring and
placing a bell and triangle beacons on these points.
For the erection of a light-house and keeper's
dwelling on Egg Rock Island, nearNahant, being
the sum appropriated for this object September
twenty-eight, eighteen hundred and fifty, five
thousand dollars.
For the removal of the light-house at Truro,
(highlands,) Cape Cod, to a proper site, and for
fitting the same with the most approved illu-
minating apparatus, and t<S serveas substitute for
