2248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
three lights at Nansett beach, twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
For the preservation of the site of Billingsgate
Island light-house, (Weilfleet,) two thousand dol-
lars.
For rebuilding the light-house at Brant's Point,
Nantucket, fifteen thousand dollars.
For large fog-bells for light-vessels in the Vine-
yard sound, in exchange for the small ones now
in use on board of these vessels, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For four iron twelve-pounder guns and equip-
ments for fog-signals on board of light-vessels in
Vineyard Bound, two thousand dollars.
For iron buoys and buoy-boats for approaches
to Boston bay and on Nantucket shoals, five
thousand dollars.
For a light-house and keeper's house on or
near the " Point of Rocks," Westport, Massa-
chusetts, five thousand dollars.
For a light-house on the spit situated at the en-
trance of the Narrows, Boston harbor, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For ihe erection of a day-beacon, sixty feet
high,on Point Alderton bar," on the south side
of the entrance to Light-House channel, eighteen
thousand dollars.
For placing buoys in the New Bedford collec-
tion district, on rock at the mouth of Monument
river; on Bourne's flat, at the turn of the channel
above Siah's Point; one between the last named
and Boure's Neck; one at each end of Pismire
Bed; one on rock in channel of Dartmouth nver;
one on Cow Rock ledge; and one on rock in
Phmney's passage, two thousand dollurs.
Vermont —For two small lights to be placed on
the pier at Burlington, two thousand dollars.
For a fog-signal at juniper Island light-house,
Lake Champlain, eight hundred dollars.
Rhode Island —For a new light house tower and
illuminating apparatus on Beaver Tail, and for a
fog-signal, fourteen thousand five hundred dollars.
For rebuilding the light-house and keeper's
dwelling at Watch Hill, and for repairs of sea-
wall to preserve the light-house site, eight thousand
three hundred dollars.
For a beacon-light at Bristol Ferry, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For a beacon or spindle to mark the reef ex-
tending from Block Island, two thousand dollars.
Connecticut.—For completing the beaconage and
buoyage of the Connecticut river, as authorized
by the act of March thud, eighteen hundred and
fifty-three, five thousand dollars.
- For a fog-bell at Saybrook light-house, Conner,- j
ticut, one thousand dollars. 1
For a beacon at Sugar reef, enst entrance of i
Long Island sound, two thousand live hundred
dollars. i
For a beacon on Long Point, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For a beacon on Sea Flower reef, two thousand
five hundred dollais. i
For a fog-signal at or near Lynde Point light- i
house, eight hundred dollars.
For buoys at the eastern extremity of Watch '<
Hill reef, and on " Whamphasoc," entrance to!
Stonington harbor, five hundred dollars.
For a light-house at or near Niantic, Long Island
sound, four thousand dollars.
For beacon on Black ledge, entrance to New
London harbor, two thousand dollars.
For r beacon on the Whale, two thousand dol- 1
lars. ;
For buoys in the harbor of Noank and Mystic,
five bundled dollars. !
For a light-house on Black Point, between the
Connecticutrirer and New London, five thousand
dollars. [
For a harbor-light on the end of the breakwater ,
at bouthport, one thousand dollars. i
For a fog-bell at the North Dumpling light- |
house, in place of the one now kept up at the ex-
pense of private companies, eight hundred dollars. |
JVew York —For erecting a first-class sea coast !
light-house tower, and fitting it with the most j
approved illuminating apparatus, near Great West !
bay, Long Island, thirty-live thousand dollars. '
For a fog-signal, wiih machinery, at Little Gull |
Island light-house, two thousanS five hundred i
dollars. I
For a fog-signal at Stony Point light-house,
eight hundred dollars.
For a beacon-light to mark entrance to Loyd's
harbor, Huntingdon bay, Long Island, four thou-
sand dollars.
For a light-house at or near P^ace Point, Fisher's
Island, Long island sound, eight thousand dollars.
For a light-house on Horton's Point, Long
Island sound, four thousand dollars.
For a light-house at or near Windmill Point,
Lake Champlain, eight thousand dollars.
For a small light at north end of Isle au Motte,
Lake Champlain, five hundred dollars.
For a light house at or near Crown Point, Lake
Champlain, eight thousand dollars.
For nine small ligl ts near Whitehall, in place
of those at present kept up by steamboat compa-
nies, Lake Champlain, four thousand five hundred
dollars.
For buoys for the following points in Lake
Champlain, viz: on " Point au Per Reef, " " Per-
ry's reef,"near " Valcour Island,"on " Ferris's
reef," and on "Schuyler's Island reef," seven
hundred dollars.
For buoys in Long Island sound, at the fol-
lowing points, viz: Hay Beach flats, Gieat Hog
neck, South Hole, Little Hog neck, Midway bar, :
entrunceof channel at River Head, Shelter Island |
ferry, at Neckoll's Rocks, between Rum Head
and Mishomac Point, at a shoal east of Gardiner's
Point, one thousand three hundred dollais.
For an iron bell-buoy on or near Shagwong
reef, five thousand dollars.
For an iron-pile beacon on the southern part of
the Piomer shoal, New York bay, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
Ac 10 Jersey.—For the continuation of the sys-
tem of protecting human life fiom shipwreck, as
heretofore established, by life-boats, on the New
Jersey coast, twenty thousand dollars.
For a first class light-house, to be fitted with
the most approved illuminating apparatus, to be
placed in the vicinity of Absecomb inlet, to guide
navigators clear of Absecomb and Brignntine
shoals, thirty-five thousand dollars.
For a bell-buoy and a nun-buoy for Absecomb
bar, five thousand dollars.
For a large buoy or buoy-boat, to be placed on
the southwest point of the Overfalls, Delaware
bay, one thousand dollars.
For a first-class iron buoy, to be placed on th?
northeast part of Five Fathom bank, eight hun-
dred dollais.
Delaware.—Towards the erection of a light-
house at Cross Ledge, in place of the light-vessel
at present at that point, thirty thousand dollars.
For a first-class iron buoy, to be placed on
McCrie's shoal, mouth of Delaware bay, eight
! hundied dollurs.
For a beacon-light on the pier at Port Pern),
Delaware bay, seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For a beacon-light on Reedy Point, Delaware
! bay, three thousand dollars.
j For refitting Cape Henlopen light-house with
j first order illuminating apparatus, fifteen thousand
j dollars.
I For light-house on or near Ship John shoals,
| Delaware bay, thirty thousand dollars.
| For a fog-signal to be placed at ihe Delaware
! Breakwater light-house, eight hundred dollars.
For a fog-signal, to be placed at the Reedy
Island light-house, eight hundred dollars.
For banking in Reedy Island, and preserving
the site of the light-house, one thousand eight
hundred and fifteen dollars.
For a large iron bell-buoy, to be placed on or
I near Fenwick Island shoal, five thousand dollars.
For a light-house on Bower's beach, between
Murder Kill and Jones's creeks, Delaware bay,
; five thousand dollars.
i For a light-house at or near the mouth of Old
Duck creek, on the west side of Delaware bay,
! five thousand dollars.
Maryland.—For a light-house on or near the
Seven-Foot Knoll, "at the mouth of the Patapsco
river, in addition to the appropriations approved
September twenty-eight, eighteen hundred and
fifty, and March three, eighteen hundred and fifty-
one, thirteen thousand five hundred dollars.
For a light-house on Sandy Point, Chesapeake
bay, eight thousand dollars.
For a light-house on Drum Point, entrance of
Patuxent river, five thousand dollars.
1 For a light-house on Love Point, or the ex-
j tremity of the shoal, (the northern extremity of
j Kent Island,) Mouth of Chester river, Maryland,
| fifteen thousand dollars.
i For buoys and stakes at the following points in
the Great Choptank river, viz: at Jamaica shoals,
Sugar Loaf, Hambrook,and Middle Ground, near
I mouth of the river, one thousand dollars.
Virginia.—For a light-house on Smith's Point
shoal, mouth of Potomac river, in place of the
light-house on Smith's Point, and the light-vessel
at present placed to mark the extremity of the
shoal, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For a light-house half way between Cape Henry
and Body's Island light-house, and on or near
False Cape Henry, twenty-five thousand dollars.
I For a light on or near York Spit, Chesapeake
! Bay, fifteen thousand dollars.
| For buoys at Green Point and Sandy Point, in
York river, five hundred dollars.
i For a light-house on the shoals off Cherrystone,
i or on Sandy Point, to mark the entrance to Cher-
| rystone harbor, ten thousand dollars.
: For buoys, or stakes, to be placed in the Ches-
' apeake Bay, on the following points, viz.: Fisher-
' man's, Pickett's Hole, Cherrystone, Pocomoke
Flats, Hunting Creek, Deep Creek, Chesconnes-
I sex, Onancock, Pongoteague, Nasevadox, the
Gulf, New Point Comfort, Peankatank river,
1 Great Wicomico river, Rappahannock river,
Drum Point Spit, near Stingray Point, and near
| Smith's Point light-vessel, two thousand three
hundred dollars.
For buoys and stakes in the Potomac river be-
tween Alexandria and Georgetown,two hundred
dollars.
For a light-house on such point as may be de-
termined upon, after careful examination and sur-
, vey, to mark the entrance to the Corieand Yeo-
comico rivers from the Potomac, five thousand
• dollars.
1 For forty-three buoys for buoying the Kettle
, Bottoms, and completing the buoyage of the Po-
| tomac river from its mouth to the port of Alex-
j andria, three thousand dollars.
; For buoys to be placed in suitable places, in
j j Matchipungo bay and its tributaries, onethousanci
! dollars.
For a small light on the wharf of the naval
I hospital at Norfolk, five hundred dollars.
;I For a fog-bell to be placed near the light-house
; at Old Point Comfort, and for a small light on the
I inner spit to mark the entrance to the anchorage
I off Old Point Comfort, one thousand five hun-
i| dred dollars.
J| For a small pile light-house or, the extremity
" of the shoal making out from Stingray Point,
!' mouth of the Rappahannock river, twelve thou-
! sand dollars.
| |
!| North Carolina.—For a pile light-house on or
!i near Wade's Pumt, m place of the light-vessel
;! at that point, which cannot be repaired, ten thou-
i! sand dollars.
; For a small beacon-light, to range with the main
j; light, near Fort Macon, Beaufort, North Caro-
liua, one thousand dollars.
j1 For a small beacon-light on or near the point
of Cape Hatteras, one thousand live hundred
!i dollars.
t For a small beacon-Ii^ht on Flderal Point,
j. Cape Fear, to range with the light-house on that
j, point, and to be a substitute for the light-vessel on
|j Borse Shoe shoal, eight hundred dollars.
| For buoys and stakes for Albemarle, Pamlico,
I Core, and Croatan sounds, Neuse river, Pamlico
j river, Roanoke river, and the straits from Core
sound to Beaufort, two thousand six hundred
j, and forty dollars.
I For a light-houee on Roanoke marshes, ten
1! thousand dollars.
For a pile light-house on the northwest point of
I, Royal shoal, ten thousand dollars.
! South Carolina.—For erecting a permanent bea-
i con, to range with Charleston light, for crossing
i( the bar, as a substitute for the present movable
lanrern, one thousand dollars.
| For rebuilding the two beacons on Sullivan's
'J Island, and for building a keeper's house, six
. thousand dollars. *
For a small beacon-light on Fort Sumpter,
j Charleston harbor, one thousand dollars.
j For a light on the Battery, at Charleston, two
II thousand dollars.
