1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
-mm
For a smalj light on Castle Pinckney, to mark
the channels from the bar to the city, and up the
Cooper river, one thousand live hundred dollars.
For a light-house to mark the shoals off Cape
Roman, in place of the present light at that local-
ity, and for buoys to mark the inner channel,
called the " slue," jn addition to the appropriation
of March three, eighteen hundred and fifty-three,
for changing the present light at Cape Roman,
thirty thousand dollars.
For a light-house and beacon-light on the main
land at Worth Edisto, fifteen thousand dollars.
For buoys in North Edisto inlet and approaches,
five hundred dollars.
For a light-house and beacon-light on the north
point of Hunting Island, to serve as a sea-coast
light, and range for the Swast^ channel, in place
of the light-vessel at present stationed off St.
Helena, and for repairing and placing that vessel
at Combakee bank, thirty thousand dollars.
For a day beacon or buoy in St. Helena sound,
eight hundred dollars.
For a first-class light-vessel, to take the place
of the present inefficient one stationed at Martin's
Industry, and for repairing the present vessel,
(after the larger vessel is built,) and placing it at
or near the entrance to Calibogue sound, thirty
thousand dollars.
For a light-house and beacon-light on or near
Hilton Head, to guide to Port, Royal harbor en-
trance, ten thousand dollars.
For five iron buoys for Port Royal harbor, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For buoys for St. Helena bar, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
For two beacons to serve as a range to Cali-
bogue sound, five thousand dollars.
Georgia.—For iron buoys and day-beacons for
Tybee bar and Savannah river, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For iron buoys for the Altamaha sound and
river, five thousand dollars.
For iron buoys for St. Catharine's sound and
inlet, Sapelo and Do boy bars and sounds, and the
channels leading through them, and at the south
bar of Cumberland sound, five thousand dollars.
For iron buoys to be placed in the St. Mary's
and St. Andrew's bays, two thousand dollars.
Florida.—For the erection of a light-house and
beacon-light, to serve as a range for the channel
across the bar in place of the present light-house
at the mouth of St. John's river, in addition to the
balance of the appropriation, approved August
thirty-first, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, for
the preservation of the site, which is hereby made
applicable to the same objects, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For rebuilding on a proper site, and elevating
and refitting with the most approved illuminating
apparatus, the light-house at Pensacola, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For buoys for the St. John's bar and river, two
thousand dollars.
For elevating and fitting with the mcstapproved
illuminating apparatus the light-house tower at
Cape Florida, fifteen thousand dollars.
For completing the beacon on Rebecca shoals,
five thousand dollars.
For iron buoys for Key West harbor and ap-
proaches, one thousand five hundred "dollars.
For a small beacon-light near or on Fort Mc-
Rea, Pensacola, one thousand dollars.
For two large iron buoys for Pensacola bar, one
thousand dollars.
For day-beacons and buoys to mark the chan-
nels in Appalachicola bay and St. George's
sound from Dog Island light-house, three thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For buoys to mark the northwest channel of
and in Tampa bay, one thousand dollars.
For a light-house on Southwest Cape, west side
Appalachicola Bay, fifteen thousand dollars.
For a beacon, buoy, or bell-boat, as may be
found most expedient, to mark the Ocklockonee
shoal, five thousand dollars.
For day-marks, buoys, and stakes, to mark the
bar and channels of the St. Mark's river, five
thousand dollars.
For a beacon-light, to be placed on the most eli-
gible site at or near the western entrance into St.
George's sound, to enable vessels toenterat night,
five thousand dollars.
Alabama—For making permanent five range-
stakes, with lights where'required, at the Choc-
taw Pass and Dog River bar, Mobile, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For completing the buoyage and stakage of the
channels in Mobile bay, Dauphin, Petit-Bois,
Horn, Ship, and Cat Island Passes, ten thousand
dollars.
For a light and fog bfll, to be placed on board
of the Bethel and hospital ship moored in the
harbor of Mobile, two thousand eight hundred
dollars.
Mississippi.—For buoyage and stakage of Pas-
cagoula entrance and bay, and of the approaches j
to Biloxi, Mississippi City, and Shieldsboro', |
eight thousand dollars. j
For a light-house on St. Joseph's Island, ten j
thousand dollars. ;
Louisiana.—For a new light-houseatPort Pont- j
chartrain, in the place of the present structure, j
which will not admit of being repaired, six thou- j
sand dollars.
For a new light-house at Bayou St. John, in the j
place of the present structure, which will not j
admit of being repaired, six thousand dollars. i
For a new light-house at New Canal, in the
place of the present structure, which will not ]
admit of being repaired, six thousand dollars. |
For a new beacon-light at Proctorsville, in the ,
place of one destroyed bv fire November twenty- .
four, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, three thou-
sand dollars.
For an iron bell boat, to mark tile entrance to
the newlv dredged channel of the Southwest Pass
of the Mississippi, five thousand dollars. i
For a screw-pile light-house on the " Shell
kevs," off Marsh Island, thirty thousand dollars. 1
For a day-beacon, to be placed on the east end j
of Horn Island, one thousand five hundred dol- >
lars. ;
For a light-house, to mark the channel of the !
Grand Pass to Barataria bay, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For a light-house, to mark the main entrance
to Timballier bay, and for coast purposes, fifteen ,
thousand dollars.
For a light-house,to mark the channel or pass-
age called the Rigolets, connecting Lakes Borgne
and Pontchartrain, five thousand dollars.
For buoys and stakes, to mark the channels of
the Atc-hafalaya and Cote Blanche bays and bars,
five thousand dollars.
For an iron screw-pile lieht-house, to be erected
as near to the entrance to the channel of the Mis- ,
sissippi river, at the Southwest Pass, as may be
found to be practicable, to be fitted with the most
approved description of illuminating apparatus 1
and fog-signals, forty-five thousand dollars.
For buoyage of the Pas a 1'Outre, Mississippi
river, one thousand five hundred dollars. {
For a lieht-house at the mouth of Calcasieu I
river, six thousand dollars. i
Texas.—For two small range lights at Galves- i
ton. one thousand dollars.
For comnleting the buoyage of Galveston bar
and bay, Sabine Pass and river, Matagorda bar ;
and bay, Aransas bar and bav, and Brazos San- !
tiago bar and bay, ten thousand dojlars.
For a light-house on or near Gallinipper Point,
Lavacca bay, ten thousand dollars.
For a light-house on or near Half Moon reef,
Matagorda bav, ten thousand dollars.
For a dav-beacon, to mark the wreck of tbe
steamboat Farmer, near Pelican Island, in Gal-
veston bay, three hundred dollars.
For a beacon on the North Breaker, to mark
the entrance to Galveston bay, five thousand.dol-
lars.
Michigan.—For repair of the light house found-
ation, and pier connected therewith, near Monroe,
seven thousand two hundred dollars.
For completing foundations of two light-houses
on St. Clair flats, twenty thousand dollars.
For a light-house and fog-bell on the south point
of the harbor of Michilimackinac, six thousand
dollars.
For a light-house at or near " Old Fort Mack-
inaw," Michigan, six thousand dollars.
For a light-house on Beaver Island, six thou-
sand dollars.
Indiana.—For a beacon-light on the pier or
breakwater at Michigan City, two thousand dol-
lars.
Illinois.—For a temporary beacon-light, sat or
near the breakwater now being constructed-at
Waukegan, Little Fort, one thousand dollars.
For buoys to mark the bar and harbor at Chi-
cago, three hundred dollars.
For a light at Port Clinton, five thousand dol-
lars.
For the foundation of a light-house on the
breakwater now 111 course of construction at the
harbor of Waukegan, and for a light, when the
foundation shall be in a suitable condition for
erecting the structure, in place of the present light
at Little Fort, ten thousand five hundred dollars,
to be expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of War.
For a light at Taylorport, five thousand dol-
lars.
Wisconsin.—For a small beacon-light on or near
the pier at Port Ulao, in lieu of the appropriation
for a light-house at that port, approved Septem-
ber twenty-eight, eighteen hundred and fifty, one
thousand dollars.
For a small beacon light, to be placed on the
new pier at Milwaukie, known as the " Worth
cut," when it shall be completed, one thousand
dollars.
For a light-house at Fond du Lac, at the head
of Lake Winnebago, ten thousand dollars.
California.—For a harbor-light at the town of
Santa Cruz, bay of Monterey, or on Punta Ano
Nueva, ten thousand dollars.
For a harbor-light at Santa Barbara, ten thou-
sand dollars. t
For a light-house on or near Point Lobos, to
mark the entrance to San Fiancisco bay, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For a light-house on Punta de los Reyes, 
twenty-five thousand dollars.
Oregon Territory.—For a light-house at Ump-
qua, in addition to the appropriation for that
object, approved March third, eighteen hundred
and fifty-one, ten thousand dollars.
Washington Territory —For a light-house on
Blunt's or Smith's island, in the Straits of Fuca,
twenty-jive thousand dollars.
For a light-house on Cape Shoalwater, at the
entrance to the bay of that name, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For tbe two light-houses at Cape Flattery and
New Dungeness, authorized by act of Congress,
approved September twenty-eighth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty, in addition to any balance that
may remain in theTreasury of that appropriation
after the completion of the light at Cape Disap-
pointment, thirty-nine thousand dollars.
For buoys for the harbor and entrance to New
Dungeness, and for the anchorages on theeoastof
Puget's Sound, five thousand dollars.
For buoys for the harbor and entrance to Shoal-
water bay, three thousand dollars.
Sec 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sums
appropristed by the acts approved March third,
eighteen hundred and forty-nine, and March third,
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, for a light-house
on Horseshoe Reef, Niagara river, New York, or
any balance thereof lemaining in the Treasury on ,
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, be, and they are hereby, reappropriated for
the erection of a light-house at that point, on such
plan as may be determined to be most advisable.
Sec. 3. .Ind be it further enacted, That the ap-
propriation for a light-house on Santa Cruz, Cali-
fornia, approved thirty-first of August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, be, and the same is here-
by, authorized to be employed in the erection of a
light-house on Anacapa Island, if, upon examina-
tion by the proper officer, it is ascertained that a
more eligible site can be found for the interests of
navigation on that island, than on the adjacent one
of Santa Cruz.
Sec. 4. And be it further enactcd, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to cause the light to be discontinued,and
the light-house buildings and land belonging there-
to, at Calumet, in the State of Illinois, to be sold,
and, on payment of the consideration agreed for
into the Treasury of the United States, to make,
execute, and deliver all needful conveyances of
the same, and the special jurisdiction of the Uni-
ted States over the same shall thereafter cease.
Sec. 5 .-2nd be it further enacted, That tbe Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and is hereby, author.-
