1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
681
to be investigated, and the perpetrators pun-
ished.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman
from Ohio allow me to suggest to him, that by the
laws of the United States, neither the judges, nor
any other of the officers of a Territory can draw
a^iy part of their salaries until they have gone
there, and have entered upon the discharge of their
duties? I think, therefore,that the gentleman's
remark will not apply to the judges.
Mr. CAMPBELL. That is a matter I have
not examined. Ot' course 1 do not mention any
particular instance. I merely speak of the facts
as they are presented in this public document. I
have also heard rumors in reference to other cases,
and it is for this reason that I desire that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary should have full power and
ample scope, as they will have under this resolu-
tion, to report any measures which they may deem
necessary to protect the publ#c Treasury from frauds
of this description in either branch of the public
service.
Mr. PRESTON. IaskthegentlemanfromOhio
to allow me to make a statement in reference to
this matter.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. PRESTON. I conceive that it is very
proper that we should pass this resolution. It is
evident, from information already before the House,
contained in executive document, No. 67, in a
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitted in compliance with a resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 13th of March,
containing a list of the sums paid to the various
diplomatic agents, that, among other sums, $9,000
%vas paid on the first day of July, to Samuel Me-
dary, as Minister to Chili, who, I am informed,
has never gone to that court. I mention this cir-
cumstance merely to attract the attention of the
House. I will remark that, from the information
before it, I have no hesitation in saying, that in
iny opinion it is proper that the committee should
not only inquire into this case but into any other
cases that may be presented I do not wish to
prejudge the case to which I have alluded; I only
say, that if these circumstances do exist, it is a
matter of sufficient importance to demand investi-
gation upon the part of the House, and that the
resolution should pass.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not aim this investi-
gation at Mr. Medary, of my own State. There
are other instances and other cases. I do not
know but that gentleman and his friends may be
able, I trust that they will succeed, in showing
that there was no impropriety on his part.
Mr. CUTTING. With the gentleman's per-
mission, 1 will make an inquiry of him. Before
the House sends down to the Judiciary Committee
a sort of probate commission to inquire into the
things appertaining to abuse of office, it seems to
me that there ought to be something of a case
made to show that it is appropriate to the duties
of that standing committee. Now, as I under-
stand the gentleman from Ohio, he says that he
has heard rumors of payments made and received
before services were rendered. Well, certainly,
on such a mere vague intimation of that kind, this
House ought not to treat it with that character of
respect as to raise a committee.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I did not yield the floor for
the gentleman to make an argument. I will say,
in reply to his suggestion, that 1 do not base this
resolution to inquiie on a mere vague and idle
rumor; and if the gentleman would post himself
up a little he would find official and authentic in-
formation, which was laid upon his desk some
weeks ago, on which I predicate this demand for
investigation. ,
Mr."CUTTING. Then that is the only sub-
ject which ought to be referred, and that not to the
Committee on the Judiciary, but the Committee
on Grievances, [Laughter.)
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not propose to direct
an investigation into fiauds on the Treasuiyin
such a way as to apply solely to that class or om-
cers who are named in this Executive report,
it shall be made to appear before the Committee
on the Judiciary that others have been peculating
and acting fraudulently, and they find that legis a-
tion is necessary, I desire that they may have
authority to report such a bill as will reach all
these cases, and bring all who are guilty to sum-
mary justice.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to ask my colleague
how far back he purposes his inquiry shall go ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Just as far back as the
Committee on the Judiciary wish to make it go;
and if my colleague supposes that I stand here for
the purpose of throwing any obstacle in the way
of investigation that will affect my party or its
friends he is mistaken in the. man. The gentle-
man and his friends may seek to throw obstacles
and raise objections here for the purpose of stifling
this investigation. If there were any frauds during
the late Administration let that committee expose
them, and the more there are the more is the im-
portance of having legislation. That is what I
seek—what, as a member of this body, represent-
ing an h'onest constituency of all parties, I de-
mand.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to do justice to my
colleague. I did not rise for any purpose of put-
ting obstructions in the way of inquiry; on the con-
trary, I knew that my colleague would feel very
anxious to reach a celebrated case which occurred
during the late Administration, and had been the
town-talk here. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. All cases. Istand hereto
shield no man guilty of fraud. I do not come
here for any such purpose; but, as far as I am
able, by my voice and vote, to expose them all.
I am ready and willing to act. I hope my col-
league will prove that he is with me. Make the
application general. That is the reason why I
have couched the resolution in general terms,
giving the committee general power to bring in
table and printed before the bill comes up, so that
when our amendment is offered gentlemen may
be able to act understandingly uponSt. •
It comes from the eastern Cherokees, as a claim
under treaty stipulations. It was presented to this
House, and by them referred to the Commitee on
Indian Affairs. They have examined it, and I
I have stated what they propose as their action. Let
j this report be printed, and gentlemen will then
i be in possession of all the facts in relation to the
i matter; and they can either approve or reject the
: amendment, according to their judgment upon it.
| Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
] man from Pennsylvania if the Indian Department
| have been applied to upon this subject, and if they
have made a communication? I desire that all
communications from the Indian Department, in
relation to this matter, should accompany the re-
port.
Mr. GROW. It is a report made by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, which, if gentlemen
will allow to be printed, they will thereby have
all the faets, before the question of appropriations
for this purpose comes up, and they can then vote
understandingly upon the merits of the case.
Mr. HOUSTON. My object is to get all the
communications in reference to this matter printed.
If there have been any received from the Depart-
ment I desire to have them all printed.
Mr. GROW. All the information necessary
for an understanding of the case accompanies the
report.
The SPEAKER. No objection being made,
such "measures as they may deem necessary to !| the communication will be laid upon the table, and
protect the Treasury of the people and the inter- ;■ ordered to be printed.
1 ests of the country. \\ DUTIES OF COMMISSIONER OF PENSIONS.
The question was then taken on the resolution; 11 ^ pgjvj-p [ ask the unanim0us consent of
anM"WCLINGMAN moved to reconsider the i, the House to introduce a bill to be entitled, "An
: vote by which the resolution was adopted, and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
' INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GROW. I suppose that the Indian appro-
: act to regulate and define the duty of the Commis-
; sioner of Pensions m certain cases."
' The bill was then read the first and second time
i by its title.
. Mr. DENT. I ask the indulgence of the House
! for one or two minutes, for the purpose of stating
the merits of the bill which I have introduced. X
priation bill will be considered in a few days. ;j the merits of the bill whicnl have introaucea._
The Committee on Indian Affairs have agreed ! i ask, first, that the bill_may be read, as it wilt, m a
The Committee on Indian Affairs have agreed h
upon an amendment to that bill, and they have in-
structed me, some time since, to make a report
explanatory of that amendment. I ask that that
report be laid upon the table and printed, in order
that the House may be informed of the facts when
the amendment comes before them for action.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania offers an amendment to the Indian appro-
priation bill, and asks that itmay be laid upon the
table and printed. Is there any objection ?
Mr. GROW. No, sir; that is not my motion.
I merely wish to submit a report stating the facts I
upon which the amendment which we propose to n
offer when the Indian appropriation bill comes ;
before us for consideration rests. I simply ask i,
that the report of those facts may be laid upon the j
table and printed, for the use of the members. _ i
TheSPEAIvER. Is the proposition objected to? i
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire |
if the amendment to the Indian appropriation bill !
spoken of by the gentleman makes an appropn- j
ation ? . . . i
Mr. GROW. It proposes an appropriation in I
pursuance of treaties with the Indians.
Mr. JONES. What will be the probable amount ;
°^Mr. GROW. Ninety-two thousand dollars. !
Mr.' JONES. Well, I wish the gentleman, in :
making his report, would report the estimates on :
which the proposed amendment is based, and let ,
them be printed, and laid before the House. For
one, I do not approve of this plan of an Adminis-
tration, or any of its officers, sending estimates for
appropriations to a committee, and not to the
greSt degree, explain itself.
The bill having been read through by the Clerk—
Mr. D. resumed: I desire to make but a simple
statement of facts in reference to this bill. The
Commissioner of Pensions and the Secretary of the
Interior have good reason to believe that the public
service suffers for the want of such a bill as I have
introduced. It is well known that there are num-
bers of frauds annually committed upon Govern-
ment by people who have managed to be placed
upon the pension list—those who are disabled at
the time they were so placed, but, after their disa-
bilities have been removed, continue to draw pen-
sion money from the Government.
The provisions of this bill are such as to enable
the Secretary of the Interior and the Commissioner
of Pensions, through their agents in the different
States of the Union, to discover and ferret out
these frauds; and when discovered the bill author-
izes them to suspend payment. The bill has been
read, and it explains itself. I would not have
pressed it upon the House this morning but that
the public service demands it.
The Secretary of the Interior and the Commis-
sioner of Pensions have recently addressed a letter
to a distinguished gentleman on this floor, whicn
has been handed to me, and which proves the ne-
cessity that exists for such a bill as that proposed.
That bill has been prepared for three weeks; but,
up to this time, I have had no opportunity to re-
port it. I now ask the unanimous consent of the
House that the bill be put upon its immediate pas-
S8Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia to allow an extract from the report of the
House. . t , , '■ Secretary of the Interior to be read. I have sent
Mr. GROW. I have been so unfortunate as a y^ ^ ^ ^
not to make myself understood, and I "ft ill theie- ^ P  — ~ --1 
fore state, that this very claim was referred by j
the House to the Committee on Indian Affairs to <
be examined, on the petition of the eastern Cher- .
okees. That committee have examined the claim, •
and decided that it appropriately belongs to the |    
Indian app^priation Sill; and they have agreed j,
1 that when that bill comes before the House they wa« palpable, have escaped, in consequence ot the act
will offer it as an amendment. This report is made ; ronirre*s h,mung prosecutions of this character to two
■ in obedience to the instructions of the committee; j Veats from the commission of the offense. These offenses
i and al] I now ask is, that it may belaid upon the 1, "are cummi tted III secret. Every expedient is adopted to avoid
Mr DENT. Certainly; with pleasure.
The Clerk then read the following extract from
the report of the Secretary of the Interior:
« Numerous frauds have been committed under the jien-
«lou*UW5. In perpetrating tliem perjury and forgery have
been frequently resorted to. Several prosecutions have
