1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1391
what will be done. As to a question of right gen-
tlemen differ about it sometimes, but under ali
the circumstances i withdraw the amendment. I
have no disposition to embarrass the proposition;
for I shall vote against the whole of it. I am will-
ing to vote for the House resolution to adjourn
on the 14th of August. I feel very well satisfied
that we cannot get through with the business be-
fore that time; and as to taking a recess and coming
back here in October, the end of it will be that
we shall do nothing until the short session com-
mences.
Mr. WALKER. 1 think that this is not the
proper time to fix a day either for adjournment, or
for a recess. I think so for reasons which have
already been urged, and for others. There are
important measures under consideration. It is
important that they should be acted upon, and
it is important that they should not be embarrassed
by the difficulty which might arise hy fixing a
day for the adjournment. Being opposed then,
at present, to fixing a day, I move to postpone
the further consideration of the resolution until a
week from next Monday.
Mr. G WIN. I hope the Senator will allow us
to have a test vote upon the amendment.
Mr. WALKER. That is what I do not want.
Mr. GW1N. If those who are opposed to the
amendment are in a majority, of course it will be
voted down. I hope we may dispose of it.
Mr. WALKER. I am willing to let the vote
be taken upon this proposition; but I shall renew
the motion to postpone, whether the amendment
be rejected or adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not been so fortunate
as to hear the reasons which have been rendered
for the proposition of a recess; and I regret ex-
tremely—as no doubt those reasons were ail-suf-
ficient—that 1 had not that opportunity; but f
certainly can discover none for it. If we should
fix an early day for the adjournment, I have no
doubt it would expedite the business of Congress;
and I am, therefore, decidedly in favor of the reso-
lution as it came from the House of Representa-
tives. If 1 can hear any reasons to the contrary,
1 will yield with a great deal of pleasure, if I think
them sufficient; but at this time I am disposed to
believe that the best course the Senate can adopt is
to agree to the resolution as it came from the H ouse
of Representatives.
Mr. STUART called for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to say a single word
before recording my name in the affirmative on
this proposition; but if that obligation had not
been imposed upon me, 1 should have said nothing.
Mr. President, the adoption of the amendment ;
of the Senator from California, in its practical
effect, will be to prolong the actual session of Con-
gress fourteen days. By the resolution of the
House, it is proposed to adjourn on the 14th of
August: by the amendment it is proposed to
take a recess from the 17th of July to the l(jih of
October, so that the difference is fourteen days,
and the session is prolonged fourteen days by the
amendment.
In reference to the pay, there is no earthly diffi-
culty m having a bill introduced which, I imagine,
would pass directly here, to accompany thisieso-
lution, if amended, to the House, so that when
the resolution gets there, the House would be dis-
embarrassed of the difficulty which I understand
my friend from Texas seems to think influenced
their action—the necessity of receiving per diem
compensation during the recess. I do not think
there is any one here who does not believe that if
we were to take a recess, and come back in Octo-
ber, our own minds, the public mind, the mind of j
every one, would be better prepared than now to go !
on with the important business of this session. 1 J
have no doubt of it myself. I have no doubt that j
it is the opinion of the country at large that it
would be much better for the public interest that j
we should now adjourn. ^ ^ I
For one, if the appropriation bills were through ,
I would be perfectly willing either to adjourn to- j
morrow, sine die} or take a recess; but still I cannot j
help seeing that there are important measures par- J
tially matured, which would require a longer time ;
than from the regular session in December, to the ;
period of adjournment in March; and, therefore,
1 do say, that the people of the country have a
right to expect that we should appropriate more
of our time—God knows we are not paid for it—
in the discharge of our duty towards them, than
would be done if we were to adjourn sine die as
soon as the appropriation bills are passed.
I think the true course both for ourselves and
the country at large, would be to adopt the amend-
ment, and let it go to the House. Jf I understand
parliamentary rule—and the Senators from North
Carolina and Georgia, who are familiar with it,
will correct me if 1 am wrong—if we adopt the
amendment, and it goes to the House, they have
no right to amend the resolution. They cannot
fix any other day; they are either to reject the
whole of our proposition or agree to it. They
cannot fix any other day than the 14th of August,
unless they agree to our amendment. They must
either accept this or reject it,and let the resolution
come back to us for an adjournment on the 14th
of August. We are, therefore, relieved from all
the difficulty arising from the supposition that we
should not have the privilege to adjourn on the
14th of August at any rate; so that it is merely a i
trial on our part. We passed this proposition for
a recess the other day by almost a unanimous vote. j
We believed then, and we believe now, that it is j
necessary.
Mr. RUSK. If we pass the resolution to take
the recess on the 16th of July, there will be a j
scramble for the appropriation bills, and no other
business will be done. There is no doubt that the
appropriation bills will consume the i est of the
time, with speeches to be made on abstract ques-
tions. Our time will be thus consumed until the
recess; and, when we come back m October, we
shall have but little more than a month—notmore i
than six weeks—between that time and the com- '
mencement of the next session of Congress. It j
is very well known that a large number of the
I members of this body and of the other House are ;
i lawyeis. October is the time for holding the fall [
! courts, generally almost every where, and this is ]
; an objection to the amendment. j
i There is another reason which shows that we !
| should do no business if we take a recess and
come back in October. The elections in most of ;
the States take place in that month, and the mem- 1
■ bers of the House will be attending to them.
! There are some very important measures before j
j Congress, some of vital importance, that might j
arise between this and the middle of August; and j
the end of it will be that no business, except the j
passage of the appropriation hills, will be done !
1 between this time and the recess; and then, with i
' such members as are attending to the courts, and :
1 such as are attending to their elections m the j
I States after the recess, we should find ourselves, j
I up to the time of beginning the next session of
! Congress in December, almost withoutaquorum, j
] and, in my judgment, nothing will be gained by it.
I The question being taken by yeas and nays, j
I resulted'—yeas 27, nays 16; as follows:
I YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Hadjrer, Bavard, Boll, ftriglif,
! Rrodtje.nl, Clayton, Cooper, Daw< >it, Dodge of VVWons-m,
! Dodge of Iowa, Fes^ciuh'n, Foot, Goyer, Gillette, Gwm,
: Hamlin. James, Johnson, Pearce, Pratt, Seha?-naii. rihdell,
| Sumner, Thomson of New Jersey, VVeller, and Williams
' —«7.
i NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Chase, Rvanc, FMi, Houston,
I Hunter, Maoftit, Norn*, RuM;, Sowairi, Stuart,
, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Wade, and Walker—16.
Mr. WALKER. 1 move to postpone the fur-
' ther consideration of the resolution until Monday
week.
Mr. CADGER. I hope at any rate we^ shall
' ascertain the sense of the Senate on the question.
' The s'-oner we ascertain the certainty of the case,
and learn the decision of the Mouse upon it, it
will be better for those who oppose as well as
for those who are in favor of the resolution as
amended.
| Mr. WALKER. It is just that very certainty
1 that I do not want to incur, and for one, I hope
that there will be more of the Senate, who will
| sympathize with my view than seem to do so by
! the vote which has been taken. Jf we vote on the
resolution and it be adopted, we shall have fixed
! the day, when we shall take the recess. That, 1
j do not wish to do; and as 1 remarked before, I
■ hope there are more of the Seriate who sympa-
, thize in that view of the subject than seem to
| do. 1 am opposed at present to fixing the time
j either to adjourn, or to take a recess, and there-
i fore 1 make the motion.
,! Mr. HUNTER. If the Senate determine to
take a recess we ought to decide at once, in order
li that we may prepare for the work before us. I
am against this proposition, but I hope the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin will withdraw hie motion.
Mr. WALKER. My object does not seem to
be understood. 1 think that if we take up the res-
olution next Monday week, it will do as well as
now, and in the mean time we shall know to what
extent we have gone in transacting the business
which, for one, I wish to reach. My object is
n> t to defeat the resolution. 1 will join with its
friends in taking it up at the time mentioned. My
object is simply to postpone it until that day, so
that we may see what can be done in the mean
time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I see no objection to voting.
If there is a majority of the Senate in favor of
the proposition of the Senator from Wisconsin,
it will be carried; if there is not, it will be lost.
Mr. CHASE called for the yeas and nays on
the motion; and they were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bright, Chase, Gillette, Houston,.Tames,
Norn*, Ru^k, Seward, Shields, Stuarf, Sumner, Wade,
and Walkei—13.
]VAYs—Messrs Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bayard,
Bell, Hrodhcad, Cl.iyiori, Cooper, l)aw>on, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dodj^e of Iowa, Evans, Fessenden, Fish, foot,
Oever, Gwm, Hamlin, MtinU'r, Johnson, Mason, Pearce,
Pratt, Sebastian, ShdeU, Thompson of ICenUK'ky, Thom-
son of New Jersey, Toombs, YVeller, and Williams—30.
So the motion was lost.
The question recurring 011 the adoption of the
resolution as amended,
Mr. WALKER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. STUART. 1 move that the resolution lie
upon the table; arid upon that rnntion I ask for
the yeas arid nays.
Mr. PRATT. I do not know anything about
it, but 1 submit to the Cftair whether, after the
yeas and nays are called for and ordered on one
proposition, they can be ordered on another, while
that first proposition is pending.
The PRESIDENT. Certainly, that can be
done even after the yeas and nays are ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the difference be-
tween taking a vote on passing the measure and
killing it, and ordering it to lie on the table ?
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bright, Chase, Gillette, Houston, Hun-
ter, James, Mason, Noms, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Stuart,
Sumner, Wade, and Walker— 1.j.
NAYS—Messrs. Afehi-on, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Clay-
ton, Cooper, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Towa, Evans, Fe^cnden, I'Vh, Foot, Geyer, Gwm, Ham-
lin, Johnson,' Pearee, Pratt, Sebastian, Seidell, Thompson
of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, VVeller,
and Williams—26.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question being: taken upon the adoption of
the resolution, as amended, resulted—yeas 25,
nays lf>; as follow**
YEAS — Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Brodhead,
Clayton, Cooper, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, Ev.uw, Fe^euclon, Pish, Foot, Geyer, Gwm, Ham-
lin, Johnson, IVarce, Pratt, Sebastian, Shdell, Thomson
of New Jersey, Toombs, YVeller, and Williams—-25.
NAYS—MesMw. Adams. Hi iglit, Charts, Gillette, Hous-
ton, Hunter, Ma^on, Norris, Ku-k, Seward, Shields, Stu-
art, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Wade, and Walker,
—16.
So the resolution was agreed to.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up the reso-
lution which I submitted yesterday, proposingan
earlier hour for the meeting of the Senate—eleven
o'clock,a. m.
Mr. SHIELDS. That will lead to discussion;
and I think it would be better to take up I he order
of the day, on which the honorable Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Clayton] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MASON. I understand from the honor-
able Senator from Delaware, that the hour being;
late, and his health not being very strong;, he would
prefer, if such be the pleasure of the Senate, not
to go on to-day with the remarks which he pro-
poses to make on the subject referred to by the
Senator from Illinois. Hence, if the Senatedesire
to take up any other business, it will be convenient
to him that it should be done.
Mr. SHIELDS. I was not aware of that.
Mr. HOUSTON called for the yeas and nays
on his motion; and they were ordered,and taken
with the following result:
YEAri—Messrs. Adams,Chase,Clayton,Dawson.Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dodge ot Iowa, Evans, Fessenden, Gillette,
Gwm, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, James, Pratt, Rusk, Sew-
