2^30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
ized,upon the completion of the light-house and
exhibition of the light authorized by the first
section of this act to be erected near the entrance
to the Southwest Pass of the Mississippi, to
cause the present light at that locality to be ex-
tinguished, and tower, buildings, and land be-
longing thereto to be sold, and upon the payments
for the same being; made, to execute and deliver
oil needful conveyances therefor; and the jurisdic-
tion of the United States over said land shall
thereafter cease and revere to the State of Louisi-
ana.
Sec. 6. And be it further cnacted, That if, after
a careful hydrographicul examination of the lo-
cality, and the approaches thereto, shall have been
made, it is found that the light at the entrance to
Vermillion bay, Louisiana, is not necessary for
the navigation of that bay and the adjacent coasts,
it shall be extinguished; and the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized to cause the lands and
buildings belonging thereto to be sold, in the «aine
manner as is provided in the fifth section of this
bill.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That if pre-
liminary surveys are required to ascertain the
necessity for any light-house orother aid provided j
for in tins bill, or to determine the proper site for,
the same, or to ascertain more fully what the public ;
exigency requires, the Secretary of the Treasury
shall cause the necessary examinations and mv~ ,
veyson the sea-board to be made under the direc-
tion of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey,
and those on the northwestern lakes to be made j
under the direction of the Bureau of Topograph- i
ioal Engineers; and in all cases in which adverse I
reports are made, they shall be submitted to Con-
gress at its next session; and in all cases in which
the objects authorized are favorably reported upon,
the works shall be commenced immediately after
valid tides and State jurisdiction shall have been
obtained to the sites.
Ajtkuved, August 3, 1854.
Public, LXIII —.'In Act to authorize the State of
Illinois to select the icsiduc if the bands to which
the is entithd under the act of second of March,
eighteen hundred and twenty seven, granting land
to aid that State in opening a Canal to connect the
waters of the Illinois rivn with those of Lake Mich-
igan.
JUc it enacted 4>y the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Statesof Amerua in Congress
assembled, That the Governor of the State of Illi-
nois ik hereby authorized to cause to be selected,
the balance of the land to which that State is enti-
tled under the piovisions of the act of the second
of March, eighteen bundled and twenty-seven,
granting land to aid that Suite in opening a canal
to connect the waters of the Illinois uver with those
of Luke Michigan, out of any of l he unsold public
land m the Slate nuhject to private entry at one
dollar and twenty-five cents per acre, and not
claimed by preemption, the quantity to be ascer-
tained upon the principles which governed the final ,
adjustment of the grant to the State of Indiana for 1
the Wabash and h'ue c^nal, under the provisions
of the act of Congress approved the ninth of May,
•eighteen hundred and forty-Hght.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
Public, LX1V.—An Act to amend the provisions
of the Jifty-slxth section of the act rnt'Uled " An Act
to regulate the Collection of Duties on Imports and
Tonnage)" approved the second ilay of diarchy one \
thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre- ;
tentative* d the United States of America in Congress 1
assembled, That whenever merchandise shall here- ;
after be imported into any port of the United
States from any foreign country, in vessels pro- .
pellet! in wh^le or in part by steam, and it. shall •;
appear by the bills of lading that the merchandise !
so imported is to be delivered immediately after '
the entry of the vessel, it shall be lawful for the
collector of such port to take possession of such
merchandise, and deposit th«* same in bonded ;
warehouse; and whenever it shall not appear by !
the bills of lading that the merchandise imported ;
as aforesaid is to be immediately delivered, it shall ;
be lawful for the collector of the customs to take j
possession of the same, and deposit it in bonded j
warehouse, at the request of the owner, master, j
or coatuguee of the vatjaei, on tnree uays5 notice
| to such collector after the entry of the vessel; and
j all acta and parts of acts inconsistent with the
j foregoing provisions are hereby repealed.
; Approved, August 3, 1854.
! Public, LXV.—An Act authorizing the Extension
\ of the Alexandria and Washington Railroad into
the District of Columbia, and conferring certain
I Privileges on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
| Company.
> Be it enacted by the Senate and House of jRepre-
j sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
] assembled, That the Alexandria and Washington
i Railroad Company, incorporated by the Legisla-
| ture of Virginia, on the twenty-seventh of Febru-
; ary, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, to construct
I a railroad from Alexandria, in the State of Vir-
: ginia, to the city of Washington, in the District
j of Columbia, be, and are hereby, authorized to
j extend their road from any point on the Virginia
side of the Potomac river to which said road may
be constructed, at or above the aqueduct of the
Alexandria canal, into the District of Columbia,
connecting with the Baltimore and Washington
railroad depot by the most convenient and practi-
cable route or routes, passing through and along
such streets or avenues, except the Pennsylvania
avenue, of Washington and Georgetown as the
corporate authorities thereof may respectively ap-
prove, subject to certain provisions hereinafter
expressed.
Sec. 2 And be it further enacted, That the Alex-
andna and Washington Railroad Company are
hereby authorized to conntruct a bridge over the
Potomac river, on, or above, or west of the aque-
duct of the Alexaiidiia Canal Company: Provi-
\ ded, Said bridge shall only be built on or over the
j piers of the aqucduct, with the consent of the
i Alexandria Canal Company: And provided fur-
i thery In constructing said bridge, and crossing the
Chesapeake and Ohio canal, said bridge and rail-
road siiail be so constructed as not to injure or ob-
stt in t the use oi navigation of the Chesapeake and
Ohio canal; And provided furthei, That this act
shall not prevent Congress from giving like priv-
ileges to any other railroad companyor any other
person.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted,Th&t the Alex-
andria and Washington Raihoad Company are
hereby authorized to establish depots in the cities
of Washington and Georgetown, at such points as
the corporate authorities thereof may respectively
approve, and to lay a railroad track or tracks to
such pomtor points wuhtn said cities,and through
and along such stitets and avenues, except the
Pennsylvania avenue, of said cities, as may be re-
spectively approved of by the corporate authori-
ties of said cities, and to make all necessary turn-
outs; the said railroad company being subject to
such teims, conditions, restrictions, and taxation,
and to such rules and regulations relative to the
construction, repairs, and working of their road,
within the cities of Washington and Georgetown,
as the corporate authorities of said cities may,
from tune to time, respectively pi escribe, so far as
it may lay within tneir respective limits: Provided,
No higher rale of taxation shall be imposed upon
said railroad company than is prescribed by the
respective charters of said cities; and said railroad
company shall keep an office within the city of
Washington or Georgetown, and shall have power
to sue and be sued, to make contracts, and to pur-
chase and hold lands, so far as may be necessary
for carrying on the operations of "the company,
and the service of process on the president, or any
director of said company, or on the chief clerk in
attendance at the otfli e of the company, shall en-
title ftny party complain mg to proceed against said
company, as authorized under the lawy of the
District of Columbia fo proceed against chartered
companies within its limits.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Balti-
more and Ohio Railroad Company be, and it is
hereby, authorized to construct and extend the
Washington blanch of said road, according to
such route as may be most convenient, through
the said District, to some point on the Potomac
river opposite to or near the city of Alexandria,
in Virgmia, for the purpose of forming a connec-
tion with the said river, and the lines of railroads
running south, subject to the provisions of its
present charter; and the said company are hereby
authorized to locate, construct, and operate the
said extension hereby authorized, through such
parts of the city of Washington, or public reserva-
tions, as the corporate authorities thereof, or the
President of the United States, respectively, may
consent to, and also to build a bridge or bridges
over the Eastern Branch of the Potomac river, at
some point above the navy-yard: Provided, how*
ever, That the same shall not obstruct the navi-
gation thereof. And said company shall have
power to locate and establish depots, and erect the
necessary buildings thereon, and also to erect such
wharves or piers into said river as may be neces-
sary, provided the same shall not obstruct the
!j navigation thereof: Provided further, That the said
j, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company be subject
i; to the same conditions and restrictions in extend-
ii mg their road through any parts of the city of
Washington, as are prescribed for the Alexandria
• \ and Washington feailroad Company: Provided,
: however. That this section shall remain suspended
| for two years, from the first day of January,
;; eighteen hundred and fifty-five; and if, at the end
!| of that time, the Alexandria and Washington
'' Railroad Company shall not have completed a
1 railroad to Alexandria, and have the same in good
■1 running order, in pursuance of the requirements
!| of the preceding sections of this bill, then the
, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company shall have
!, the privilege of extending their road by either of
i the routes authorized by this act: And provided
, further, That if said Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company shall not have executed so much of the
provisions of this act as relates to their company
\[ by the first day of January, eighteen hundred and
•' fifty-nine, then this act shall be void.
Approved, Augusts, 1R54.
Public, LXVI.—,//)> Act to constitute Cairo, in
| the State of Illinois, a Port of Delivery.
J Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
; sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
; assembled, That Cairo, in the State of Illinois,
| shall be, and is hereby, constituted a port of de-
livery, and shall be subject to the same regula-
tions and restrictions as other ports of delivery
■ in the United States; and there shall be appointed
a surveyor of customs, to reside at said port, who
: shall, in addition to his own duties, perform the
duties and receive the salary and emoluments of
, suiveyor, prescribed by the act of Congress, ap-
| proved on the second of March, eighteen hundred
and thirty-one, providing for the payment of duties
on imported goods at certain ports therein men-
tioned, entitled "An act allowing the duties on for-
eign merchandise imported into Pittsburg, Wheel-
ing, Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis, Nashville,
and Natchez, to be secured and paid at those
places, "and the said city of Cairo, and the said port
ofdelivery be, and is hereby, annexed to, and made
part of, the collection district of New Orleans,
and all the facilities and piivileges afforded by
said act of Congress of the second March, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-one, be, and hereby are,
extended to the said port of Cairo.
Api'Royep, August 3, 1854.
PrBMc, LXVI I.—An Act constituting San Pedro,
in the State of California, a Pott of Entry and De-
livery.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That thecounties of Los Angeles,Santa
Batbara, and San Bernardino, m the State of Cal-
ifornia, be, and they are hereby, made a collection
district, to be called the district of San Pedro; and
San Pedro, in said district, shall be, and is heieby,
made the port of entry for said district.
Sec. 9 And be it further enacted, That a col-
lector shall be appointed for said district, who
shall reside at San Pedro. The said collector
shall be allowed three thousand dollars per annum,
with additional maximum compensation of two
thousand dollars per annum, should his emolu-
ments and fees provided by law amount to that
sum.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That Santa
Barbara, in said district, shall remain a port of
delivery therein in the same manner as it now
constitutes a port of delivery in the district of
San Diego.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
Public, LXVIU.—An Act to authorize the State of
Wisconsin to select the rmdiu qf the Lands to which
