THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
detection; and it is seldom that, with the greatest vigilance,
they ate discovered within the ume limited by law for their
prosecution. A change is therefore earnestly recommended;
and if any limif is fixed, <>f which the propriety is doubted,
it should be much extended.
" From recent examinations,"it has been discovered that
invalid pensions have been obtained by persons who do not
come within the provisions of the laws ; and many, since tne
issue of the pension certificates, have been found without
any disability whatever. To prevent this in future, and to
detect such impositions, the Commissioner of Pensions rec-
ommends the enactment of a law similar to that of 1819
requiring an immediate examination of the invalid pen-
sioners, and a biennial examination thereafter by two ap-
proved surgeons. In tins I most heartily concur, believing
that it would atFord an effective remedy against the abuse
of the laws, and save to the Government large sums fraudu-
lently obtained from the Treasury."
Mr. BISSELL. This bill, I am decidedly of
opinion, ought to be referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
Mr. DENT. I will state to the gentleman from
Illinois that the chairman of the Committee on In-
valid Pension directed me to report this bill three
weeks ago.
Mr. BISSELL. I beg pardon of the gentle-
man from Georgia. 1 did not so understand him
before. I am happy to be corrected. 1 am satis-
fied then, of course, on that point, but still, Mr.
Speaker, I am not satisfied with this bill as i now
understand it. I think that it is a little dangerous
to put into the hands of the different pension
agents throughout the United States the power to
withhold pensions at their pleasure. Neither do
I understand what {Particular opportunity a pen-
sion agent has to know as to the disqualifications
of the various pensioners in their State any better
than almost any other mnn. Take, for instance,
Illinois, my own State. We have but one pension
agent there. He resides at Springfield, three hun-
dred miles distance from many of the pensioners.
He never sees them. They send to him for their
pensions. Now, what means I ask, has he of
knowing what the abilities or disabilities of these
various pensioners may be ?
Now, sir, that the Government ha« been sub-
jected to the most enormous and wicked fiands,m
the way of granting pensions, is very obvious,
and nothing is to be more regretted. I think some
mode ought to be adopted for the purpose of pro-
tecting it from like ftauds in the future. But i do
not conceive that this proposition will effect that
object.
1 would prefer that there should be a standing
law compelling all pensioners periodically, either
annually or biennially, as the case may be, to
submit to an examination® by a surgeon of the
Army, who should report upon their respective
ca^es to the Department, and thus enable it to act
understandingly.
But, according to this bill, upon mere rumor
from some disinterested or interested, or perhaps
some malicious person, if the pension agent lias
reason to suppose that the pensioner is not enti-
tled to receive it, i>e withholds the pension, often
to the great inconvenience and perhaps loss to the
pensioner. I do not think that this bill provides
the right mode of remedying the evil. 1 think
that such a bill a* we ought to adopt should con-
form, in its provisions, somewhat to the sugges-
tions which ! have thrown out.
Before I take my seat, I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and I hope and truH that it
will be taken up and considered, and that some
such substitute be adopted before the close of the
session.
Mr, WENTWOaTIT, of Illinois. If I under-
stand the object of the pending bill it is to get up
a commission to examine aH the soldiers of the
second war of independence, who have received
a pension on the score of disability, tosee if some
of those old veterans could not get a living with-
out a pension—whether, by some means, those
who were disabled have not become able, so that
they could, whether by keeping ft cake-stand at
the corner of our streets, by begging about the
doors of the Capitol, or in some other way, get a
living without receiving what they aie entitled
to—a pension from their country. I think there
is a way to obviate ail this difficulty, and that is
to do what we ought to have done louse since, and
must soon be compelled to do by the force of pub-
lic opinion, and that is to do away with all this
evidence about disability, and to place every man
who was in the Inst war upon the pension roll,
whether wounded or not.
The gentleman talks about fraud and perjury,
and wishes to provide against them. Now, is not
the Government, in its penurious courses towards
the soldiers of the second war of their country's
independence, offering a bounty for perjury and
fraud? Not one man in twenty who is entitled to
a pension now gets it, in consequence of the dif-
ficulty of procunng.the requisite evidence. If the
object is to give the soldiers their just deserts, and
yet prevent the perjury and fraud complained of,
I have a substitute that will accomplish it. My
bill requires no evidence as to disability. If he
was in the war at all the soldier gets his pension.
If he be dead his widow gets it. No additional
evidence is required of those who got bounty land;
their evidence is already on file. Those who did
not get bounty land will, of course, have to prove
that they were m tlie war; or, if widows, that
their husbands were. This makes a plain case of
the whole matter. This supersedes the necessity
of this commission asked for.
My bill is ready to be introduced at any time.
Public opinion is ripe for it; but 1 am afraid this
House is not. The next one will be, 1 am confi-
dent; .and I hope there will yet be such a change
in this House as will save the necessity of an ap-
peal tothepeople. Meanwhile, I hopeLegislatmes
will continue to instruct, and the people to me-
morialize, for my plan for doing away with this
proposition before the House.
Mr. DENT. I desire to make only a few re-
marks in support of the bill, and in explanation of
its piovisions, that the House may be enabled to
understand its purport something better than they
now do from the remarks which have been already
made. There is not a man upon this floor who
would go further than I to defend the rights of the
soldier, and the widow of the soldier. But, sir,
if frauds exist they ought to be detected.
This bill provides, not that upon the suspicion
of any person, nor upon the information of any
malicious peison, but when the Secretary of the
Jnteuor has leceiveil information sufficient to au-
thorize him to suspect any person as practicing
fraud upon the Government, it only authorizes
him to suspend the payment of the money until a
simple requirement upon the part of the pensioner
has been complied with. lie must get the certifi-
cate of two respectable physicians, who have been
qualified before a magistrate, to the fact that his
disability is such as to prevent him from labor.
They are only required to do this biennially, and
where the certificate is to the fact of permanent
disability they are not required to do anything
further. Such is the humanity of the law, and
such it ought to be, that ninety-nine guilty per-
sons may go unpunished rather than that one in-
nocent person should suffer; but, at the same time,
: if the Secretary of the interior has good reason
; for believing that any person is practicing fraud
' upon the Government, it certainly is not unrea-
! sonable that the person so suspected should be
i called upon to give this information to which I
i have alluded v That is all we propose to require.
| I ask for the passage of the billj and 1 demand the
i previous question.
! Mr. BOCOOK. If the demand for the previ-
i ous question be sustained, what will be its effect?
: lias the motion to refer been made ?
j The SPEAKER. The motion was made by
! the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. BmEi.L,] to re-
fer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
; state of the Union; and if the demand for the pre-
; vmus question be sustained, and the mam ques-
; lion oniered to be put, the question will first recur
j upon the motion to commit.
; The previous question was seconded, and the
■ main question oidered to be put.
i The question was then taken upon the motion
to commit, and earned in the affirmative.
I So the bill was referred to thy Committee of the
i Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
j be printed.
] LAND TITLES IN INDIANA,
j Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, in pursuance of
[ previous notice, introduced a bill; winch was read
a first and second time by its title, as follows, and
; referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims:
A bill to ascertain and adjust title to certain lands
| within the State of Indiana.
| DETROIT CUSTOM-HOUSE.
| Mr. CLARK,' by unanimous consent, intro-
i duced thefollowingresolution; which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce he in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of constructing a
custom house in the city ot Denoit, Michigan, on thfi lot
owned by the General Government m said city, upon which
there is a Government warehouse occupied by Colonel
Howaid ; or of selling said lot and wart house with a view
to the construction oi' a suitable custom house for the De-
troit diatru't.
wilkes's exploring expedition.
Mr. DICKINS($N. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following reso-
lution;
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of publishing a new
edition of the scientific portions of the repoits of the ex-
plonng expedition made under the command of Lieutenant
Charles Wilkes, with leave to repoit by bill or otherwise.
Several Members made objection.
Mr. DICKINSON. I move that the rules of
the House be suspended, for the purpose which I
have indicated.
The question was put; and, on a division, there
were—ayes 61 
Mr. DICKINSON. I demand tellers on the
question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vail and
Bocock were appointed.
The question was taken, and the rules were not
suspended, the tellers having reported—ayes 58-.
aid to wrecked ships.
Mr. WALLEY, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to consider and report whether further logislaiion be re-
quired to authonze the Secretary of the Tieasury, or other
officer of the Government, to indemnify, at his discretion,
tin; owners and ma^tei r> of vessels for losses and charges
which they may have incmred by reason of their tendering
aid to ve^M'i-i in disire*^, or by rescuing the crews of
wrecked vo-sels, and tor which aid no provision of law
now exists.
post office blanks.
Mr. OLDS, by unanimous consent, offered the
following resolution; which was read, con-sideted,
and agreed to:
Resolrrd, That the Postmaster General be requested to
communicate to tin.- Uoum: a statement of the soveial sums
paid (or po&t oft lee blanks for the i,ift foui years, designa-
ting the quantities and kinds of blanks, and thepnees paid,
for each district for winch required, tiie tune when each
eontiaet expires, giving the items.
codification of the revenue laws.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to enable me to
move to discharge the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union from the further consid-
eration of the first bill on the Calendar, being
joint resolution (Senate No. 1) " authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay the expenses of
codifying and revising thp revenue laws."
I will state to the llouse the object of the mo-
tion, and my reason for making it. The last
Congress directed the Secretary of the Treasury
to revise the revenue laws, and at the same time
a bill was introduced appropriating $10,000 for
that purpose. Mr. Gathrie, the Secretary of the
Trensury, employed Judge Barrett,of myState, to
do the work. Judge B. came here on last June,-
and has now nearly completed the work. It will
| be ready next month. By some means or ether
| the bill making the appropriation was lost, and a
| joint resolution was introduced m the Senate im-
i mediately after the commencement of the present
Congress, making the necessary appropriation.
; That joint resolution was referred to the Com-
: mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
; and stands first in order upon the Calendar.
^ Judge Barrett has been employed on the work for
i nine months, and not one dollar has yet been
' paid to htm for his labor or the expenses of the
work. The joint resolution has been examined
by the Committee of Ways and Means, as I have
been informed, and I believe there is no objection
j to it from any quarter.
| I therefore ask the unanimous consent of the
; House to enable me to move to discharge the
, Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
i from the further consideration of ir, m order that
| it may be put upon its passage now.
There being no objection, the question was put
I on the motion, and it was agreed to.
| So the Committee of the Whole on the state of
1 the Union was discharged from the further con-
| siderution of the joint resolution; which was then
i read by its title, as follows:
