684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
The SPEAKER. I would remind the gentle-
man that the gentleman from Pennsylvania was"
upon the floor, and yielded to the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] who is now entitled to
the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would say
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that there is
no doubt the House is willing to vote the appro-
priation, if, upon inquiry and examination, it ap-
pears that the amount is due to the gentleman.
But it is also very clear that we have not sufficient
information upon the subject in order to act intel-
ligently. We do not know how much labor he
has bestowed, how much time he has employed,
how much money he has expended, or how much
his clerk hire amounts to.
It seems to me that if the gentleman would only
permit this matter to be committed, so as to pre-
vent it from going upon the Speaker's table, it could
be taken up to-morrow, or on some subsequent
day, and he would then be able to inform the
House fully of the facts connected with it. I
suggest that he should pursue that course. It
would be more satisfactory to the House.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I am not dis-
posed to be tenacious of any particular course the
bill may take, nor do I wish to prevent gentle-
men from having an opportunity for investigating
the whole matter; but I would say to gentlemen
now again that the Secretary of the Treasury
was authorized to h#ve this work done. He has
made the contract for the amount. The work re
finished, or nearly finished, and the Secretary of
the Treasury has himself written letters to gentle-
men of this House to that effect, as 1 am informed.
The fact is so, and I presume £ am authorized to
say so. I again state to the House that the work
will be completed next month, and that the sum
of $10,000 is the smallest amount which will com-
pensate the labor, including all the expenses; that
such is the estimate of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, who was directed to have it made, and that
he has officially notified the House of these facts.
This is sufficient for me to act upon.
Mr. PECKHAM. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to allow me to make a single re-
mark. I am ift favor of this proposition; if«t be
true that a valid contract has been made, I am m
favor of carrying it out; but at the fame time I
desire to have it. understood that this gentleman is
not to receive pay for performing his contract
until it has been executed. I hope, therefore, the
resolution will be so amended as to provide that
this amount shall be paid after the work shall have
been done to the acceptance of the Secretary of
the Treasury. I do not know whether the work
will be well done or ill done.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I will answer
the gentleman; the custom has always been to
appropriate money before the contract begins;
anu the Secretary will not p*iy in full until it is
completed; but now the gentleman proposes not
to pay a dollar until the contract has been entirely
completed.
Mr. PECKHAM. Not at all; I propose that
the money shall be appropriated now, but not
paid until the contract has been completed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman
says the Secretary of the Treasury has made a
contract with this gentleman for performing this
service. What is the contract ?
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. If gentlemen
will allow me, I will read a portion of the letter of
Judge Barrett, which may throw some light upon
the subject:
e< Washington, March 8, 1854.
" lion, J. Glancy Jones :
" Dear Sir : When I agreed to outer upon tlx; duty of re-
vising the revenue laws, 1 was under the iuipie.-^ion, a**
wa& the Secretary of the TrcaMiiy, that had been
appropriated to pay (he e\:pen<ieri. Mr. Hamlin of the
Senate and others, say it did pass, but was omitted in tran-
scribing the bill, or in some nrhei way. Mr. Guthiie was
anxious., however, that I should go on with the work author-
ized, having that he would recommend and urge an early
appropuatum at the meeting of o'ongross to pay for it. At
his solicitation T did.so. His request lot it will be found
in his estimate of deficiencies. T have now been engaged
in the work for over nine months, without having received a
dollar from the public Tieasury ; and, in the mean time, have
paid out considerable sums of money lor contingent and
other expenses. J have the work now pretty well forward,
and will be able to finish it in the month of April. If Con-
gress had made the appropriation early in the session, so a^
to have enabled me to employ a sufficient force, f would
now have been through : hut I eould nut increase my loice
without the means of paying. You will find the resolution
authorizing the work on the Senate Journal lor 1852-'53,
page 11*2. No further appropriation will be needed or asked
if the present bill passes."
Mr. SMITH. Is that all the contract there is?
Mr. JONES. No, sir;this is the letter to which
I referred. There is another letter addressed to
me by Judge B. from which I may read. I
wish it, however, to be understood, when I speak
of a contract, 1 do not allude to any specific writ-
ten contract for a given sum between the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and Judge Barrett. What I
mean by a contract is, that there was an agreement
or understanding between them that this amount
of money had been appropriated for the work,
and that if he would undertake to complete the
work in a proper manner, including all expenses,
the money would no doubt be paid; the sum not
being too large for such an amount of expense and
labor.
Mr. McMULLIN. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to make a single suggestion. I am cer-
tainly not disposed to violate any oaths or con-
tracts upon the part of the Government. If they
have contracted to pay this money, it should cer-
tainly be appropriated. But I would suggest that
the whole matter be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means. Let them examine into it,
and when they report back to the House we shall
then be able to actunderstandingly upon the sub-
ject. If the gentleman will allow me, I will make
that motion.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. If the House
desires it, I have no objection to that disposition
of the matter for the present.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move, then, that the joint
resolution be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania speaks of a contract between
the Secretary of the Treasury and Judge Barrett, i
I wish to ask the gentleman if the Secretary has
made an agreement with Judge Barrett by which
he is to revise and codify the revenue laws, and
for which he is to receive the sum of $10,000, as
payment for all expenses, including clerk hire? j
If this amount does not coverall the expenses I
wish to know it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
allow the matter to go to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and not take up the time of the House
longer with it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to have the
question answered, if the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will give me the information.
Mr. HOUSTON. We can get that information
in committee, if it goes there.
Mr. JONES. [ want it before it goes ther£.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I will answer
the gentleman's question.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to have the ques-
tion referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, so that the proper investigation may be
had; and  n the motion for reference I now call
for the previous question.
Mr. FULLER. With the permission of the
gentleman from Virginia, I would suggest that the
reference should be rather to the Committee on
Commerce, which has had the matter under con-
sideration so far as relates to custom-houses and
the codification of the revenue laws.
Mr. McMULLIN. I cannot withdraw the
call for the previous question. I prefer that the
matter should be referred as proposed to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. If the gentle-
man will withdraw his call for the previous ques-
tion but for a moment I shall renew it.
Mr. McMULLIN. I withdraw it on that con-
dition.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I wish to reply
to the gentleman from Tennessee, who inquired
whether such a contract, as has been referred to,
was made. I can only repeat in a few words what I
stated before, that #10,000 was appropriated for
the work. Judge Barrett, with two other gentle-
men, came here, at the request of the Secretary of
the Treasury, to undertake it. . He told them that
that amount of money was appropriated (that being
his impression) to pay all expenses, anu no more
would be given. Two of the gentleman declined
to act, because the compensation above expenses
was not more than sufficient to pay for the services
of one man; and then Mr. Guthrie made an agree-
ment—it may have been verbal, as I am informed,
I speak from information—that if Judge Barrett
would undertake the work and perform it prop-
erly, in compliance with the provisions of the act,
$10,000 would be paid to cover all the expenses,
and no more. •
As I agreed, I now renew the call for the pre-
vious question.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was then ordered to be put.
The joint resolution was then referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
RATES OF OCEAN POSTAGE.
Mr. BENSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be iiistiucted to inquire into the expediency of
reducing the present rates of ocean postage to the uniform *
charge of two cents for the mere transportation of a single
letter from any port in the United States to any port beyond
the sea, at which the American mail steamers may regu-
larly touch, with leave to report by bill or oUierwise.
Mr. McCtUEEN. I object.
Mr. BENSON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, for the purpose which I have indicated.
The question was put; and the rules were not
suspended, two thirds not voting in the affirmative.
PRIVATE CLAIMS.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be directed to
inquire into the expediency of purchasing from the printer
now engaged in printing the alphabetical list of private
claims., otdered by resolution of the House of the 22d day
of December, 1831, live thousand additional copies of the
same: Provided that the cost thereof shall not exceed the
price paid under the contract, deducting therefrom the cost
of composition.
tMr. WALSH. I object to that resolution.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to suspend the rules,
to enable me to offer the resolution.
The question was put; and, two thirds not voting
in favor thereof, the rules were not suspended.
EXPLORATIONS OF THE AMAZON.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the mem-
bers of the House of Representatives twenty thousand ex-
tra copies of the report on the surveys and explorations of -
the river Amazon, with the map* and plates accompanying,
by Lieutenants Herndon and Gibbons.
The SPEAKER. Unless objected to the ques-
tion is on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does not the resolution go
to the Committee on Printing?
The SPEAKER. If introduced at all it does.
There being no objection, the resolution was re-
ceived, and referred, under the rule, to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
RECIPROCITY TREATIES.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, and in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a joint resolution; which was read
a first and second time by its title, as follows, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce:
A joint resolution authorizing the President to
give the requisite notice for terminating our reci-
piocity treaties of commerce and navigation in
certain cases.
JEFFERSON'S MANUAL FOR MEMBERS.
Mr. CHASE, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Whereas, The 139th rule of this House provides that the
Miles comprised m Jefferson's Manual of Parliamentary
practice shall govern this House ui all cases to which they
are applicable, and m which they are not inconsistent with
the standing lules and orders ot this House, and tile joint
rules of the Senate and IIou e of Representatives; there-
fore.
Resolved, That the Cleik of this House be authotized and
instructed to procure a copy of said Jefferson's Manual for
each member of this House.
UNITED STATES JUDGE IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be direct-
ed to inquiie into the expediency of increasing the salary of
the judge of the United States court for the western district
of Pennsylvania.
Mr. JONES, of New York. I object.
Mr. RITCHIE. A similar resolution was
referred to the Judiciary Committee on a former
occasion.
