1394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
shews that this matter was perfectly understood,
and Congress appropriuted $100,000 to begin the
work, upon such plan as the President might
adopt; provided, that if the water was to be drawn
from any source within the limits of Maryland,
the consent of that State should first be obtained.
Maryland granted that consent, and the President,
Mr. Pierce, with full information before him as to
the various plans, with the careful and elaborate
estimates of Captain Meigs, with the projects of
Mr. Salomon, with the report and estimate of
Colonel Hughes, on Rock Creek, felt it to be his
duty, in execution of the trust imposed upon him
by Congress, to adopt the aqueduct from the Great
Falls of the Potomac, and to direct its commence-
ment. Land has been purchased for the construc-
tion of some miles of it; the consent of Virginia
to the purchase of land for the abutment of the
dam, with cession of jurisdiction, has'been ob-
tained; the land in Virginia has been purchased,
and is now the property of the United States. t
Alt the land needed for the aqueduct between j
the Great Falls and the District line has been ap- j
praised and condemned under the law passed for !
that purpose by Maryland. The same would '
have been done ere this in the District, but the j
engineers are waiting the passage of a law by Con-1
gress to authorize this appraisement in the Dis- i
trict. Such land as was needed for the parts of j
the work commenced has been paid for, and is !
the property of the United States.
The commencement of the work at the Falls, the j
deep cut by which its passes under the canal and i
leaves, within the first hundred yards, the shore of '
the river, has been made, and the brick arch which J
covers it is partly completed. Of the first tunnel, ,
two hundred and one feet are done; of the second, i
one hundred and ninety-two feet; of the third, sixty j
feet. The rock excavation between the first and 1
second tunnels is completed; between the second
and third a considerable portion is finished; and [
one hundred and twenty feet in length of the brick
aqueduct is completed. It is nine feet in diameter,
circular m shape, and will supply sixty-seven mil-
lion five hundred and ninety-six thousand four
hundred gallons daily. A year's study of the
plans, and a year's experience in its construction,
have enabled the engineers so to improve the loca-
tion at first made as to give a better work, entirely
safe—as tt leaves the river immediately, and en-
tering a tunnel, passes many feet below the rocky
summit of the hill, and out of reach of the highest
iloods of the river.
Captain Meigs, in his repoit, pages thirty and
thirty-three, says that he had but three months to
make h*s surveys and plana, but that the work,
as then located, could be built for the estimate,
and that further surveys would enable him to
improve die location, and to reduce the cost.
These surveys have been carefully made dui mg
the year which has since passed,arid the result is
a change in the first one and eight-tenths miles ot
the original located line, which reduces it to one
and three eighths nules, lengthening the dam,
getting rid of much heavy and costly masonry, of
the iron pipes prepared for crossing the canal, and
of a portion of conduit, at first located on the bank
of the river, where it was liable to be overflowed
in freshets. This is replaced by a deep cut on the
back side of the canal, which is much cheaper in
execution than the other, and is entirely out of
reach of freshers, and by increased length of the
first tunnel. This portion of the work was origin-
ally estimated at £>,'134,000, including the dam.
The work, now partly constructed, js estimated,
from the prices ascertained by experience gamed
in its partial construction, at $25;2,000, making a
saving in the original estimate of $y2,fl00 in the
first two miles. Such a reduction cannot be ex-
pected in the rest of the work; for this at the Falls
is the most difficult and expensive part of the
whole; and elsewhere the work is plain, and will
not be so much changed m location.
But enough has been seen to satisfy the engi-
neers that the work can be built for the sum esti-
rmated. Offers have been already made to con-
tract for the whole of it at the sum stated by the
.engineer, ^f $2,300,000. A contract has been
made for ail the bricks for the work.
In the dehateon this subject, when the deficiency
kill was under consideration, some attacks were
made upon the estimates. The honorable gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] had heard
practical gentlemen say Captain Meigs's plan
would cost §7,000,000; but hedid not seem to be-
lieve practical gentlemen, for he put it himself at
$5,000,000. Practical gentlemen often make mis-
takes when they guess at results; and no man
could pretend to give the cost of a great work like
this, embracing so many and so different items,
without a very tedious and laborious calculation,
founded upon accurate measures andsurveys. These
Captain Meigs has made, and he says the cost will i
be $2,300,000 for a nine-foot aqueduct, capable of '
furnishing forever all the water needed for com-
fort, or beauty, or use, to this Government, and
exceeded in the quantity of its supply by only
one aqueduct in the world. That one is in Rome,
and was built as long ago as the Christian era,
and has been delivering ninety-six millions of gal-
lons daily for one thousand eight hundred years,
except when interrupted by enemies in war.
If gentlemen have looked out of the windows
of this Hall, they must have seen in the quiet, and
order, and industry prevailing in the new wing
there erecting, since he has been placed in charge
of it, evidence enough to satisfy them that Cap-
tain Meigs is not only a theoretical, but a practical
man, and one who knows how to execute as well
as devise.
The cost of excavating rock, $7 50 per yard,
was asserted, as though this result must be beyond
the estimate. The only place where the rock ex-
cavation has cost this much is in the tunnels. Cap-
tain Meigs, knowing that he would find a very
hard rock in these tunnels, and might find water,
and rock liable to fall and break down the arch,
sought for the most costly work as a standard
by which to estimate. One of the tunnels on the
Boston Cochituateaqueduct afforded thisstandard.
There they had to contend against a very hard
rock, and great influx of water, requiring expen-
sive pumping. After breaking two or three sets
of contractors, the final.cost of this tunnel was
fourteen or fifteen dollars per cubic yard. This
price Captain Meigs took for his estimate, being
determined to be safe. No water is met with,
and the tunnels are being made at an average
price of seven dollars per cubic yard, less than
half the estimate. The rock proves to be firm
enough and tight enough to stand without arching;
and the cost of the brick arch, estimated at two
feet in thickness, is th^'efore saved also.
Jn debate, this price of seven dollars per yard
was applied to all the excavation, earth or rock, of
the whole line; and the cost, at this rate, estimated
at §5,000,000; while the facts show that this price
would suffice to build a tunnel through rock the
whole distance, instead of excavating an open
trench, putting into it a thin brick arch, and cov-
ering it over with earth, as is being done.
The price of the brick work was attacked also;
! and it was stated by Mr. Stanton, of Kentucky, i
I from information furnished him by a practical |
i bricklayer who had worked on the line, that the ;
j bricklaying cost $7 89 per thousand for laying j
i alone, and the bricks cost ten dollars. Hence he
| calculates an enormous cost for the work.
The facts are, that a contract has been made to
i deliver all the bricks along the line itself at $8 75
! per thousand, and that the real value of the brick-
j laying is about four dollars per thousand. Avery
j few men have hitherto been employed upon it; and
i the very workman who gave' Mr. Stanton his
; information, that a certain eleven days' work aver-
i aged only about five hundred bricks, told him that
' some other days'work had laid one thousand two
I hundred bricks. The fair average will be, with
| men accustomed to this somewhat peculiar work,
: one thousand bricks per day; and, at four dollars
per thousand, this will yield a profit to the con-
■ tractors; the pricp of wage-? staled by Mr. S. was
, twenty-five cents a day higher lo masons, and
, twelve and a half cents higher to laborers, than
were actually paid. Offers at four dollars per
thousand have been already made to the engineer.
The determination of the cost of a workof this
, kind is a matter of calculation entirely; and the
: quantities of work to be done can be arrived at
! with great exactness and certainty. Prices are
liable to fluctuations within certain limits. On
looking at thedetailed estimates in Captain Meigs's
1 report, it will he evident that the quantities are
carefully calculated. This is done from measure-
| ment, and will, doubtless, prove correct. When
| we find that, in his desire to make a liberal esti-
! mate, so as to be secure of building his work!
: within it, he has allowed no less than twenty per
cent., one fifth of the whole, for contingencies, we
have certainly reason to believe that no fluctua-
tion of wages can carry the cost, if built accord-
ing to the original designer's intention, above the
cost estimated.
The honorable gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Stanton] spoke of immense and heavy solid ma-
sonry, or concrete, to protect it from the weather!
No such thing is necessary; the aqueduct is a
sewer under ground, built in a trench excavated
through clay, gravel, or rock. It is a hollow pipe
filled with water, and covered with earth. We
all know that water is lighter than earth, and that
bricks are lighter than stone, and therefore, that
the aqueduct full of water will be lighter than the
earth or rock which originally occupied its place.
As the solid earth sustained its original load, there
is no reason, as in the walls of a lofty building, to
fear any compression or settlement from the infe-
rior weight put upon it, and therefore no need of
masonry foundations to protect it from settlement,
still less to protect it from the weather. From
this it will be protected by a covering of three feet
of earth, which will keep off frost. It is not sup-
posed that rain could much hurt the bricks.
No doubt a contract could be made to build the
whole work within the original estimate. But a
great contractor would do nothing himself; he
would sub-let it in small portions, reserving to
himself a sufficient profit—while the engineers
prefer to let the work directly to those smaller con-
tractor, and to apply what would be the great
contractor's profits in getting better work done, so
as to build a permanent and substantial work, that
will not require repairs. Any one who ha*? seen
the abundance of the supply of the city of Rome,
and who knows the fact that this supply has been
given for eighteen hundred years by aqueducts
constructed by the ancients, will look upon the
cost of this aqueduct, less than fifteen miles in
length, as trifling when viewed in connection with
the great benefits it will confer upon the Govern-
ment and the people for so many centuries.
The estimate provides for pipes to the navy-
yard, arsenal, and all the public buildings in
Washington. It is supposed that the Govern-
ment will allow the city to tap these pipes, and
thus obtain water for the use of the citizens—the
city laying down all the distribution pipes, except
to public buildings, at their own expense. It is
entirely within the power of Congress to allow
this or to refuse it; to turn the care and charge of
the whole work over to the city, or, as is most
advisable, in my opinion, to retain the control of
the aqueduct and mguns constructed by itself, and
to leave the distribution pipes only to the city.
Thegentlemanfrom Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,}
in discussing this question in the debate on the
deficiency bill, used Captain Meigs's quantities of
water m reservoirs &c., and the estimate of Colo-
nel Hughes—while Colonel Hughes estimated for
smaller reservoirs, and smaller conduit, and for*no
pipes to the public buildings. Adding the cost of
these to his estimate, weget $800,000 for his small
supply instead $500,000; but Rock Creek is not
sufficient, as is shown in Captain Meigs's report;
and the matter has already been settled by the
President, to whom it was committed by Congress.
A remark was made by the honorable gentle-
man upon my right [Mr. Stanton, of Kentucky,]
that there might be errors in the cost of the
calculation of this aqueduct. The estimate was
$2,300,000. One gentleman said that it would
cost $.10,000,000, another $7,500,000, and one
gentleman was so economical in his guess as to
reduce it to $5,000,000—though I believe he was
laughed at for it.
Sir, calculations upon works of this kind are
upon a formula almost as reliable as those of the
multiplication table; and men habitually engaged,
in such works, men educated to those calculation?,
where the work is plain and simple, and rocks of
an unknown character do not interfere, will give
you a calculation for miles within a few hundred
dollars; and the accuracy or inaccuracy of the
calculation generally will depend upon the rise
and fall of materials, and in the price of labor.
The calculations were made for the whole work
from the Upper Falls through this city, and it
amounted to $2,300,000. The only part of it in
reference to which the engineer felt doubtful, was
the calculation as to that part where he was to
take the water by a tunnel through the rocks. In
that calculation he did fail; and in the one and a
