1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1395
half miles which is finished, out of $334,000 of
the estimate he has saved $82,000. So there was
some inaccuracy in that. From the moment that
he entered upon the excavation of the trench,
without rocks, that moment he has plain sailing;;
and the calculations are upon so plain and simple
aformula, that every engineer, who has been at all
familiar with such w£>rk, can make the c&lcula-
| tions.
The cost of the Philadelphia water-works, the
honorable gentleman on my right states to have
been three millions and a few hundred thousand
dollars, from 1799 until this time. That is true.
They have cost that amount; but in it must be
included the erection of those water-works, the
laying down of thirteen miles of wooden pipes, arid
the substituting them with iion pipes, and all the
expenses which have been required to meet the
growing wants of the people of that city. A part of
this time the works were in operation at a cost of
about eighty-four dollars a day for wood to carry on
their steam machinery, until subsequently the ap-
plication of the power of falling water was made.
And, sir, these works have been in operation for
these fifty-four years, at a cost for erecting and car-
rying them on amounting to something like what
the honorable gentleman has stated. He urged that
fact as he urges everything, because it was true;
but it seems to me it is a fact which should go
very strongly to sustain the calculations which
have been made in reference to this work.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Before the
gentleman passes the point he is now speaking to,
I desire to say a word. I did not understand the
plan to which I referred the other day in reference
to Rock Creek, as contemplating the taking of the
water from any point near the mouth of that
stream, which would make it necessary to elevate
it by mechanical force. On the contrary, the en-
gineer who devised the plan, contemplated build-
ing a dam in the interior of the country, some six
miles above the factories of which the gentleman
speaks, by which twenty-one million gallons of
water could be furnished per day. He proposed
not only to take the water from the stream above
where these impurities occur, but he proposed to
take it so high up as to require no mechanical pro-
cess for its elevation. The estimate of Captain
Meigs was, that the entire cost would be about
$1,000,000. But, sir, Colonel Hughes, an equally
emirent engineer, who had also surveyed the
same route, and had devised a similar plan, stated
that the entire cost would not exceed $500,000.
My objections to the plan of taking the water
from the Big Fallsof the Potomac was on account
of the extravagance, the magnitude of the work,
and the great cost which would be involved by its
construction. Captain Meigs himself acknowl-
edges in his report that he had not given that at-
tention to these surveys which the works them-
selves demanded. He spent only some two or
three months in surveying the three works, while
a whole year would have been required to have
properly examined, surveyed, and estimated for
any one of them. He therefore himself acknowl-
edges that his calculations cannot be relied on,
andHhis corroborates what I stated the other day. !
Mr. CHANDLER. The gentleman tells the i
truth now, as he has always done. Let me add, i
the whole truth. [Laughter.] Captain Meigs did t
make his survey in too short a time; but, in order j
to avoid error, he placed the work at the highest !
price. He has since revised his surveys, altered i
his plans', and the tunnels now laid are in accord- i
ance with his revised surveys. '
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I will here '
interrupt the gentleman to say that [ have not
seen Captain Meigs's revised surveys.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have. Captain Meigs,
finding U to be too costly t"o continue to supply
water from the Little Falls, he made a survey of
the Upper Falls. He found that, by extending a
small dam (by small I mean not very high) across
the river, obtaining the right to do so, as we have,
from the State of Virginia, he could raise the water
to a sufficient elevation to run it into this city at
the level of the roof of this building in any quan-
tity desired.
This, then, is the plan. By the law which
has been passed, it was the plan of the President
of the United States. The present President of
the United States has approved of it, and ap-
pointed a person to superintend its execution.
My remarks, therefore, I reganf not as not made
to fix a plan, not to say that there shall be water-
works, but to sustain the plan formed to carry on
the works agreed on. It is proper I should add,
since I am speaking of thepurchase up there, that
as advantages are often taken of the Government
when it requires possession of certain lands* the
director of this business has purchased the land
on the other side, as well as on this side of the
river. He has possessed himself of the large
quarries of stone necessary for the work, and at
the lowest rates. Thus it will be seen that the
whole matter is in train of being completed. A
large portion of the tunneling has already been
done.
Mr. Chairman, I am not selfish in this argu-
ment. My feeling cannot be for myself. Before
this aqueduct can be completed I shall be, per-
haps* far below the foundations of any aqueduct.
And you, sir, [Mr. Orr,] may be transferred from
the chair you now occupy to that in the other
end of the Capitol. You may then thank me, if
you remember it, for the trouble that I have taken
in producing those comforts which will illustrate
your dignity.
Mr. Chairman, it is proposed that this aqueduct
shall be large enough to supply the wants, not
merely of those who daily usie water, but to meet
the accidents of any time. It is not enough that
we shall get one gallon or two of water day by
day. It is not enough that we shall be supplied
with baths, and all the other conveniences which
have now become necessities of refined life. We
want m store millions of gallons of water against
any act of the incendiary—any act by which the
archives of our Union shall ^be endangered. As
legislators, it is thus we should especially act.
We should look that we not only legislate well,
but that the records of our acts, as well as those
of the Executive, and all the things which go to
sustain our national honor in history, be saved
fiorn the incendiary. These things belong to the
legislation which I urge upon you.
With regard to the estimated cost, I desire gen-
tlemen distinctly to understand that there are, as
I learn,parties now ready to undertake this work
at the estimate made by the Engineer Corps, and
to give ample and full security for the complete
and faithful performance of it. if gentlemen,
therefore, think we ought to have water, and if
they think there nre parties who will do the work
at a less amount, let them say, while we keep our
eyes upon the work, and have supervision of it,
that we will at least free ourselves from the obliga-
tion of paying out more than $2,300,000.
Should we retain the supervision of the work,
it will be far better for the present to let out por-
tions to small contractors, and thus to save to the
nation the large profits which would accrue to the
contractor for the whole; for no man who con-
tract for the whole of this work would ever think
of executing it himself, but would be sub-letting
it to others; and the profits which he would de-
rive from this course would accrue as4so much
saving to the Government, if we let it out our-
selves in portions. The honorable gentleman on
my right [Mr. Stanton, of Kentucky] speaks !
of the powers of the corporation on fixing the plans. '
The first plan. I suppose, is, that the Government
of the United States should bring the water through
the main street. The articulating by pipes; the [
underlaying of all the streets by iron pipes; and I
the conveying water to the houses should be—if j
they want it—the work of the twin cities; and it j
would be one of the mo?t profitablejobs they ever !
undertook. The gross income of the water-
rents of Georgetown and Washington would be j
not less than $60,000 per annum, estimating the ;
difference between the cost of water here and else- !
where on the difference that there is between the |
cost of gas here and elsewhere, and taking into j
consideration the amount of water that might be j
wanted for factory purposes. ;
It will be, therefore, for this Congress to consider j
whether it shall keep the distribution of the wa- |
ter in its own hands, and appropriate to itself the j
profits of such distribution, or whether, having !
brought the water into the city, we shall leave the ]
two city corporations to distribute it at their ex-
pense and to their profit, Congress retaining in its j|
own hands the general supervision of the whole !i
work, and doing all the repairs that may be from
time to time necessary. That wili be a question, ,j
however, for us to consider hereafter. Whether j
this is the proper time to speak of it, I do not si
know. But no one need have any fear that the
income from the distribution of water through the
city would not double the interest of the cost of
it. And this is aside from.all the comforts and
conveniences and decencies and proprieties of life
which are so dependent upon an abundant supply
of water.
I do not wish to interfere with the business of
corporations here. No taxes by them should en-
ter into this matter. Nothing of that kind. What,
tax a community of clerks, with here and there a
rich man among them ! The great mass of them
are poor. The great mass of them are dependent
upon your votes from year to year. They are
men of great respectability and worth; men of
entire usefulness, but men who, from the very
fact of their lack of wealth, are placed in the situa-
tions which they now occupy. Why, then, should
we levy a tax upon them ? We should not do it
at all. Let us make the water-works. Let us
supply our own buildings, our public buildings,
and insure safety to them against fire, which is
consuming buildings all around every ni^ht, and
which has once been over us. Other cities are
providing against it.
I have placed before this committee the fact that
a competent engineer has largely estimated the
cost, and has gone beyond what will really be the
outlay, and has given his estimate of it. 1 think
we all shall confess thatthepublic property in this
city requires pome means of safety of this kind.
All of us must confess that there is a necessity for
a greater purification of the streets than can be
done now, or than has heretofore been done.
There are not means in the city of purifying them,
and of carrying off the dirt which accumulates in
the rear of the houses. It is the fashion m large
cities to spread out large avenues, to build large
brick and free-stone houses, line their walks with
; trees, and spread out plans of taste; but go to the
i rear of these buildings, and decency lifts up its
' nose with horror. The yellow fever, and all those
malignant diseases—yes, and the choleia, as a
friend near me remarks—are found lurking there
in the heaps of dirt, and in the murky tide which
is poured into them from the rear of the dwelling
houses. It hence becomes us, Representatives,
as protectors of this city, and most cheerfully as
the protectors of our own healths, to consider
carefully and fully this matter.
I ask gentlemen to take these calculations con-
tained in this report in reference to these surveys
to their chambers, and carefully compare them,
and then determine what course they ought to
pursue. Let them not say that 'the city should
take care of itself. Let them not say that Wash-
ington is a great city, and therefore should supply
itself with water, the same that New York, Phila-
delphia, and Boston do. Sir, one poor man, one
poor laborer, one clerk, depending upon your
bounty, carried out from his family and friends a
victim to the nauseous vapors which spring up
in the alleys of the cities, or a victim to the
water he has drank, peopled with newts and
toads, and "such small deer," is of sufficient im-
portance to induce you to furnish the city with a
suitable supply of pure water. Sir, the water of
the city is growing more and more impure every
year, in consequence of the surface of the ground
becoming more and more covered with buildings,
and exposing less and less surface to the purifica-
tion of the rams ofheaven. I ask gentlemen to con-
sider all these things; I ask them to consider their
own health and comfort and convenience; I ask
them to consider not only the comfort and con-
venience, but the lives of the wives and children
of their servants here in their employ, and of those'
servants themselves.
But, sir, the benefits of this appropriation do not
stop there. They go to beautify and adorn the
metropolis of this great Republic. They go to
pi eserve the archives of the Government from fire.
They give dignity and character to the city.
Mr. COBB. I ask the gentleman from Penn*
sylvania to yield me a few minutes of his time.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will yield the floor to
the gentleman for the remainder of|$y time.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Chairman, it is not my pur-
pose at this time to make anything like a speech.
I had intended to have submitted my views upon
some matters which I supposed would come be-
fore the House; but, from the course of the House
for the last several months, I am satisfied those
matters will not come before us. It has been my
