686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2Q3
war with Mexico, in California; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of thejudge
and associate justices of the county court of Shelby
county, Illinois, relative to the establishment of
industrial universities in Illinois; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Illinois
in relation to the establishment of industrial uni-
versities in Illinois; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of Burgess B. Long, praying
the establishment of a commission to examine
claims against the United States; which was re-
fen ed to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, a petition of citizens of Chicago, Illinois,
praying a donation of a lot of ground in that city
to the Western Seamen's Friend Society, for the
erection of a chapel, marine school, and sailors'
reading room; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Also, a memorial of officers of the Fiftieth Regi-
ment of Infantry, stationed at Fort Mcintosh, in
Texas, making certain suggestions in relation to
the condition of the enlisted men of the Army,
with a view" of improving their condition, and in-
creasing the efficiency of the Army; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Also, the petition of W. F. Finch, of Jones-
borough, Illinois,asking for a donation of land or
money to enable him to establish at Cairo, Illi-
nois, a manufactory of locomotives, and offering
to carry the mails from Cairo to New Orleans;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, a petition of the great Northwestern Rail-
road Company, asking the right of way thiough
the Government domain and a grant of such part
of the lands through which the road passes as
Congress may direct; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Da-
vid R. Whiteley, one of the captors of the British
brig Caledonia, praying remuneration; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, a petition of L. M. Gardner and others
residents of Baltimore, praying the Senate to re-
ject the homestead bill in its present obnoxious
form; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of citizens
of Desha county, Arkansas, praying the estab-
lishment of a post route from Napoleon, m Ar-
kansas, via John H. Freeman's, on Amos Bayou,
and David Weir's, on Dry Bayou, and Gerry
Williams', on Bayou Bartholomew, to Wileyville,
in said State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. ADAMS presented a resolution of theLe-
islature of Mississippi, in favor of the Nehutska
Bill as in accordance with the Constitution of the
United St&tes,and being in its principles just and
proper; which was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
Mr CASS presented the petition of John P.
Brown, praying compensation for the time he
fected as Charge d'Affnires of the United States at
Constantinople; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Also, a petition of eitizensof theUnited States,
praying a grant of public lands in aid of the con-
struction of a railroad from Cincinnati to the
Straits of Mackinaw; which was referred to the
Committee on^ Public Lands.
Mr. SLID ELL presented a memorial anil reso-
lutions of the Legislature of the State of Louisi-
ana, in relation to granting public lands within the
State of Louisiana for railroad purposes; which
was ordered to lie on the tabic, and be printed.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Sarah
Larrabee, former widow of Barstoxv Newell, a
soldier in the war of 1812, praying a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom weie referred documents
in relation to the claim of Captain George E. i
McClell&nd's company of Florida volunteers, on |
account of services during the Seminole war, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon.
He also, from the same committer, to whom
was referred the petition of Nathaniel Frye, pray-!
ing compensation for performing the amies of'
paymaster general during the sickness of that
officer, submitted an adverse report thereon.
f
Mr. JOHNSON", from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill allowing exchanges of,
and granting additional school lands in the States
which contain public Jands; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
COMPENSATION TO POSTMASTERS.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Retoh-ed, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be, and they are hereby, instructed to inquire
into the necessity and expediency of providing tor a further
or different compensation to postmasters.
NF-W POST ROADS.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po«t Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
creating post roads from Little Rock, via I'emvilte, Dan-
ville, Paikersburg, Reveille, and Oharlefetown, to Fort
Smith.
TUTA, INTRODUCED.
Mr. GEYER, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
provide for holding an additional term of the cir-
cuit court of the United States for the district of
Missouri; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN" AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
O) tiered, That the report of the Secretary of State, com-
municating papers in iclanon to iho conduct of David
Cook, master of the English bark Sarah, in saving the pas-
sengers and crew of the American ship Caleb Gnuishaw,
be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Oirforcd, That tin; petition o{ Elis-hrt \V. B. Moody be
withdrawn from the lilcs of the Senate, and rei'eried to the
Committee on Finance.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had passed a bill to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1854.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
PACIFTC RAILROAD.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a
report from the Secretary of War, transmitting, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
14th instant, a copy of Lieutenant Williamson's
report of his surveys to ascertain a practicable
route for a railway to the Pacific ocean; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. GWIN subsequently rose and said: Mr.
President, a few minutes ngo a communication
from the War Department, transmitting a copy of
Lieutenant Williamson's report of his surveys to
ascertain a practicable route for a railway to the
Pacific, was presented and ordered to be printed.
The chairman of the Committee on Printing sug- 1
gests that it would probably be better that all :
these reports should be printed together. I move, |
therefore, to reconsider the vote by winch it was j
ordered to be printed, and that it be referred to the '
select committee on the subject of n national rail- 1
road to the Pacific. It was intended for the ex-
amination of that committee.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I have a word further to say in
regard to this subject. My remarks in regard to
the resolution presented by my colleague, calling
for this communication, were so reported in the
Union as to be capable of the interpretation that
I wished to call for the report, in consequence of
a consultation which I had had with the Secretary
of War. The fact is, that I had not consulted
any one in the world about it; but I wanted to see
this report, and J ascertained that the best mode
of getting an opportunity of examining it would
be to call for it. That was the only motive which
I li.id.
The communication was referred to the select
committee.
TERRITORIES OF NEBRASKA AND KANSAS.
Mr. FESSENDEN having presented, in that
order of business, several petitions against the
passage of the Nebraska-Kansas territorial bill,
and moved to lay them on the table, as the bill
was not now before the Senate—
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I should be
glad if the honorable Senator who presents these
memorials would withdraw his motion, that they
lie on the table. 1 wish to submit a few remarks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, sir; I with-
draw the motion.
Mr. BADGER. I shall have probably, Mr.
President, in my possession, as I understand, to-
morrow, a petition from constituents of my own
against the passage of the Nebraska bill. I had
expected to have it this morning, but I have been
disappointed. I wished, upon submitting that
j petition, to make a few remarks to the Senate,
and the}'- are quite as appropriate, so far as I see,
upon the petitions of like purpoit offered by tlie
Senator from Maine; and I will therefore ask' the
Senate to indulge me in submitting them now,
it is my purpose, Mr. President, to endeavor to
correct two mistakes which seem to have been
made, respecting the effect and operation of an
amendment moved by myself and adopted by the
Senate, to the bill to organize the Territories of
Nebraska and Kansas, coming in, as it did, im-
mediately after the amendment, respecting the
Missouri compromise line, adopted on the motion
of the chairman of the Committee on Territories.
It has been supposed, in the first place, that that
amendment, in the form of a proviso, produces in
law some effect or operation which the words
preceding it would not of themselves have pro-
duced; and particularly some southern gentlemen
have taken up an idea that that amendment which
I moved has produced an effect, in some manner
or other, unfavorable to the southern interest
which they i epresent, and which they desire to
promote and forward.
' Sir, I took occasion, when the subject was under
discussion in the Senate, on the night of the 2d
of March, to say that, m my judgment, as a pro-
fessional man, the amendment reported from the
committee would have the effect and only the
effect, of leaving that Territory without any law,
either of allowance or prohibition; that the repeal
of ihe eighth section of the Missouri compromise
act would not set up or introduce any law which
m« ht have existed previously in that Teriitory.
But, as 1 was perfectly sincere in entertaining that
opinion, and as doubts were expressed by some
gentlemen who were members of this body,
whether it might not have another and a different
effect; and as, besides, 1 deemed it to be import-
ant that perfect frankness should characterize all
our legislation, and that no opportunity might be
afforded to others, either for good or ili purposes,
to misrepresent the action of the Senate upon that
subject—to put an end to any possibility of such
misinterpretation—I submitted the proviso which
was adopted by the Senate.
And now, sir, as I ttmve stated, I wish, in'the
first place, to show, and, as far as a subject of this
kind is capable of it, to demonstrate, that the bill
without the proviso had precisely the same legal
effect and operation, and none other, as it had
with the proviso. The language to which this
proviso was appended is thisf
"Except tlic eighth section of the act preparatory to the
achni^ion oi Mi-wnm into the CJnion, apmoved March 6,
IP'20, which, bring in"oriHstent with die ptmcipio of non-
intervention by Congress with slavery m the States and
Tomtortes, a> recognized b> the legislation of ItiriO, (com-
monly called the com promise measure*-.) ].v hereby declai ed
liiopcialive and void : if being the true intent and meaning
of tins act not to legislate slavery into any Teriitory or
State, noi to exclude it therefrom, "but to leave the people
thereof pet fectly fiee to form and regulate their domestic
institution* in their own way, subject only to the Constitu-
tion of the United States,"
Now, sir, it was supposed, or suggested, that
the repeal of the prohibitory clause in the Mis-
souri act might have the effect of setting np, or
putting in force again, the pro-slavery law, if any
such existed antecedent to the passage of that net,
or at the time when that teriitory was acquired by
us from France. It was so supposed, upon a rule
sometimes laid down by the common-law writers,
that where a statute is repealed, and the repealing'
statute is subsequently repealed, the first statute is
again set up. 1 took the liberty at the time of say-
ing, in effect, that the meaning of that was only
that, where there was a simple repeal, and a sub-
sequent simple repeal of the repealing statute, by
implication, by supposed legislative intent, the
first statute was set up; and, therefore, that no re-
peal of a statute oould set up any former law re-
pealed by it, if such lepealirig; act excluded such
implication of a legislative intent.
