2254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
For contingent expenses of said building, viz:
For miscellaneous items, including labor, one
thousand four hundred dollars.
JVuuy Department.
For compensation of the Secretary of the Navy,
and the clerks, messenger, and assistant messen-
ger in his office, twenty-seven thousand one hun-
dred dollars.
Contingent expenses of said office:
For blank books, binding, stationery, labor,
newspapers, periodicals, and miscellaneous items,
two thousand eight hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of
Ordnance and Hydrography, and the clerks and
messenger in his office, ten thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
Contingent expenses of said office:  
For blank books and stationery, five hundred
dollars.
For miscellaneous items, two hundred and fifty
dollars.
For compensation of the Chief of the Bureau of
Navy-Yards and Docks, and of the civil engineer,
clerks, and messenger in his office, thirteen thou-
sand seven hundred dollars.
Contingent expenses of said office:
For labor, thiee hundred and sixty dollars.
For stationery, booke, plans, drawings, and in-
cidental items, eight hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Chief of the Bureau of
Construction, Equipment, and Repairs, and of the
chief naval constructor, engineer-m-chief, and the
clerks and messenger in his office, twenty thou-
sand eight hundred dollars. *
Contingent expenses of said office:
For blank books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, eight hundred dollars.
For labor, three hundred dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, seven
thousand three hundred dollaie.
Contingent expenses of said bureau:
For blank books, binding, stationery, labor, and
miscellaneous items, seven hundred and seventy
dollars.
For compensation of the Chief of the Bureau of
Medicine and Surgery, and the clerks and mes-
senger in his office, seven thousand rune hundred
dollars. •
Contingent expenses of said office: 18
For labor, one hundred and eighty dollars.
For blank books and stationery, three hundred
and fifty dollars.
For miscellaneous items, one hundred dollars.
For the Genrral Purposes of the Southwest Kcecutive
Building.
For compensation of four watchmen of the
southwest Executive Building, two thousand four
hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz:
For labor, fuel, lights, and miscellaneous items,
three thousand eight hundred and sixty-five dol-
lars.
Post Office Department.
For compensation of the Postmaster General,
three Assistant Postmasters General, and the
clerks, messenger, assistant messengers, and
"Watchmen of said Department, one hundred and
twenty-four thousand four hundred dollars.
For compensation of temporary clerks necessa-
rily employed from the ninth of May, one thou-
sand eight hundied and fifty-three, to the thirtieth
of June, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
four, one thousand four hundred and fifty dollars
and ninety-eight cents.
Contingent expenses of said Department:
For blank books, binding and stationery, fuel
for theGeneral Post Office Building, (including the
Auditor's office,) oil, gas, and candles, printing,
labor, day watchmen, and for miscellaneous, thir-
teen thousand two hundred dollars.
For repairs of the General Post Office Building,
for olfice furniture, glazing, painting, whitewash-
ing, and for keeping the fire-places and furnaces
in order, two thousand five hundred dollais.
For paper and printing for the Executive De-
partments, including paper, printing, and binding
the annual u Statement of Commerce and Naviga-
uon/'and paper and printing the annual 44 Esti-
mates of Appropriations," thirty thousand eight I
hundred dollars. j
jyj'mt of the United States at Philadelphia. j
For salaries of the director, treasurer, assayer, ,
melter and refiner, chief coiner, and engraver, |
assistant assayer, assistant melter and refiner, end
seven clerks, twenty-tour thousand nine hundred
dollars.
For wages for workmen, seventy-two thousand ;
dollars.
For specimens of ores and coins, to be reserved ■
at the Mint, three hundred dollars. :
For transportation of bullion from New York 1
assay office to the United States Mint for coinage,
eighteen thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars. >
"For incidental and contingent expenses, in- ,
eluding acids, copper, zinc, salt, fuel, melting-
pots, and other materials, and wastage of gold
and silver, being in addition to other available
funds, fifty-six thousand dollars. j
At «Mu> Orleans.
For salaries of superintendent, treasurer, as- :
gayer, coiner, melter, and refiner, and three clerks, !
seventeen thousand three hundred dollars. ,
For wages of workmen, in addition to other ;
available funds, thirty-two thousand six hundred !
and seventeen dollars and forty-five cents. j
For wastage and incidental expenses, in addi- ;
tion to other available funds, seventy thousand
and eighty-two dollars and fifty-five cents.
For rebuilding portions of the walls, and com-
plete repairs of the building of the branch Mint
at New Orleans, thirty-seven thousand dollars.
At Charlotte, North Carolina.
For salaries of superintendent, coiner, assayer,
and clerk, six thousand dollars.
For wages of workmen, three thousand five
hundred dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, includ-
ing pay of two watchmen, two thousand one hun-
dred dollars.
At Dahhmega, Georgia.
For salaries of superintendent, comer, assayer,
and clerk, six thousand dollars.
For wages of workmen, three thousand six hun-
dred [dollars.]
For incidental and contingent expenses, includ-
ing fuel, materials, stationery, repairs, wastage,
and purchase of new scales, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
At San Francisco, California.
For salaries of superintendent, treasurer, as-
sayer, melter and refiner, coiner, and five clerks,
twenty-eight thousand dollars.
; For wages of workmen, seventy-eight thousand
dollars.
! For incidental and contingent expenses, ten
j thousand dollars,
Atsay Office, New York.
For salaries of officers and clerks, twenty-five
thousand five hundred dollars.
For wajjeR of workmen, thirty thousand dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, fifty-
nine thousand three hundred dollars.
Government in the Territories.
TERRITORY OF OREGON.
For salaries of Governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, ten thousand five hundred dollars.
! That George L. Curry, Secretary of Oregon,
be allowed and paid the salary of Governor for and
! during the time he discharged the duties of Gov-
i ernor, in the year eighteen hundred and fifty-three,
i For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
1 thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
! of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
' contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
' thousand dollars.
I TERRITORY OF MINNESOTA.
j For salaries of Governor, superintendent of
I Indian affairs, three judges, and secretary, nine
I thousand seven hundred dollars.
1 For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
; thousand dollars.
; For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officeis, clerks, and
i contingent expenses of the Assembly, thirty thou-
sand dollars.
TERRITORY OF NEW MEXICO.
For salaries of Governor, superintendent of
| Indian affairs, three judges, and secretary, nine
1 thousand seven hundred dollars.
: For contingent expenses of said Territory, in-
j eluding the compensation of the person employed
; by the Governor as a translator, fifteen hundred
■ dollars.
; For compensation and mileage of the members*
; of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
; contingent expenses of the Assembly, including
1 the compensation of the person employed by the
; Governor to revise and correct the laws of New
Mexico, and the expense of printing the same,
twenty thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
for the preservation of the archives of the Terri-
1 tory from May fifth to September ninth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, four, hundred and twenty
' dollars.
| TERRITORY OF UTAH.
; For salaries of Governor, supeiintendent of fn-
; dian affairs, three judges, and secietary, nine
l thousand seven hundred dollars.
I For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
! For compensation and mileage of the members
! of the Legislative Assembly, officers, cleiks, and
; contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
; thousand dollars.
j Disbursements having been made from the ap-
! propriations " for compensation and mileage of
the members of the Legislative Assembly, offi-
; cers, clerks, and contingent expenses," by. the
! secretaries of the Territories of Oregon, Min-
i nesota, and Utah, under the authority of terri-
' torial laws, or resolutions; and the accounting
officers of the Treasury having disallowed several
payments in settling 1 he accounts of said secreta-
ries, because they were not authorized by the act
of August twenty-nine, eighteen hundted and
forty-two, the Secietary of the Treasury is hereby
, empowered to cause credits to be given to said
! secretaries for su^h disbursements so disallowed
as he shall find to be equitable and just.
That the accounting officers of the Treasury be
i authorized to adjust the expense of a board of
commissioners appointed under an act of the Le-
: gislative Assembly of the Territory of Utah, ap-
i proved by the Governor thereof, January six-
! teenth, eighteen hundred and fifty two, to prepare
i a code of laws, and of practice for said Territory;
, and the just and proper compensation and ex-
;! pense found to have been necessarily incurred
i1 before the passage of this resolution, the evidence
of which, with the laws drawn by said commis-
sioners, shall be submitted in detail to said ac-
| cotfnting officers, and the amounts so found shall
be paid from the balance of appropriations for
; "compensation and mileage of the members of
: the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
| contingent expenses of the Territory of Utah,"
, now standing on the books of the Treasury un-
■ expended: Provided, That the authority to charge
: the expense on said balance is not. an approval
; by Congress of the act of the Territorial Legisla-
j ture of Utah creating a board, for a term of years,
! to report Uws, from time to time, for the action
, of the Legislature of said Territory.
TRRIUTORY OF WASHINGTON.
;j For salaries of Governor, supermtendentof In-
dian affairs, three judges, and secretary, ten thou-
| sand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, in-
cluding salary of clerk of executive department,
one thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
, of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
To reimbui se the fund appropriated to defray
the pay and mileage of members of the Legisla-
tive Assembly, and the contingent expenses there-
of, the amount fraudulently taken from said fund
by Henry V. Colter, and to relieve Charles H.
Mason, Secretary of said Territory, from his ha-
, bility therefor, two thousand dollars.
For compensation and expenses of commission
to frame a code of laws for the Territory, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
That the Secretary of the Treasury be author-
ized to settle and pay the commission to trame a
Ci.«de of laws for the Territory of Washington at
the same rate per diem as has been allowed a sim-
. ilar board in Oregon.
