1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
Having looked a little into this matter, I pro-
pose to show that what, upon general recollection
arid a general notion of the principles which
govern the matter, I had stated to the Senate is
substantially correct. The rule which we com-
mon-law lawyers have upon the point—I suppose
it to be so with all, I know it is the case with my-
self— is deduced ffom Blackstone's Commentaries.
Here is what Blackstone says, and all that he
gays, upon the subject:
" If a statute, that repeals another, is itself repealed af-
terwards, the hr?>l &mtute is hereby revived, without any
formal wojtk for that purpose. So, when the statutes of
2j and 26, fl>riry 8, declaring the King to be tbe supieme
head of the Church, were repealed hy a statute of 1 and 2
Philip and Mary, and tins latter statute was afterwards re-
pealed hy an act of 1 Elizabeth, therii needed not any
exyics* word-- of revival in Clu<;en Elizabeth's statute, but
those acts of King Henry were impliedly $nd virtually re-
vived."
First, I wish to notice the terms of Blackstone's
proposition, that there is no necessity for any form-
al words in order to revive the original statute,
ting to administer that part of her royal authority
which she possessed as head of the Church. If
her headship over the Church were not restored
by 1 Elizabeth, it followed that the high commis-
sion court could haVe no jurisdiction; fortheClueen
was the fountain and source from which alone
power could be derived to that tribunal. Now, let
us consider briefly what Lord Coke lays down;
why he held that the first statute was revived by
the repealing statutes of 1 Elizabeth. He says:
a First, the title of the act is, i An act restoring to the
crown the ancient jurisdiction^ &e. By this the nature
of the act doth appear to be an act of restitution.*'
And this is also manifest by the preamble of the
act, where it is said:
" YVhPieas, divers good laws were made in the time of
the late King flenry the VIII., for the extinguishment of
al! forain power, and for the restoring into the crown of this
realm the ancient rights and jurisdictions of the same.
u From whynce tins reason is drawn, that seeing the
expresse letter and meaning is to restore to the crown the
ancient ecclesiastically and no commissioner by force of
. -- - , that ancient ecclesiastical jurisdiction could impose fine
and that in the case, and the only case, which he j; and impris-jnment, that these commissioners having their
cites to illustrate the rule which he lays down, he s! force trom this act of restitution, cannot punish any party
says there needed not any express words for the
revival of the repealed statute, because they were
u impliedly and virtually revived." Nov/, in order
to understand the case to which Blackstone refers,
and the true nature and extent of the rule deduced
from it, ue must look at the statytes themselves.
The statute of 1 and 2 Pmlip and Mary, is
entitled <£Ari act repealing all statutes, articles, i
and provisions made against the See Apostolic of
Home, since the twentieth year of King Ihnry the i
Eighth; and also for the establishment of ail spir- !
itu.al and ecclesiastical possessions and heredita- j
merits conveyed to the laity." The statute begins ;
by reciting many acts by which, in violation of the |
by tine or imprisonment, otherwise than shall be hereafter
; expressed," &c.
j Having thus opened the design of the statute
j from its title and recitals, he subsequently thus
j deduces his conclusions:
| uAnd upon this clause being tbe finail intention of this
| actexpiessed m the title and preamble, doe the subsequent
j clauses depend; therefore this clause is especially to be con-
sidered, and therein these things are to be observed :
" Fir&t, that bv this Q.ueen Ciizubcth \va« not declared
supream head, &.C., but by a former clause in this act, viz :
that trie statute of 1 and 2 Ph. and Mai. cap. 8 (whereby
amongst other?, the act of25 IT. 8, cap and 55 H. 8, cap.
3, weie repealed) wa* by this. act made utterly void, and
consequently the act of repeal heme repealed, the acts of 26
Jl. 8, cap. 1; and ^5 II. 8, cap. 3, were amorist others im-
plicit c revived, by which acts of26 H 8 ; and 35 H. it i^
declared and enacted, that the King, his heirs, and Pieces-
rights of the Bishop of Rome, both spiritual and    ,
temooral, in the kingdom of Great Britain, the l! sorsshould be taken and accepted the only supream head
sovereign of Great Britain had been declared the | earth of the Church oi i^ng.and. '
Now, sir, it is impossible to consider tne terms
in which Blackstone lays down this rule, and the
statutes which furnish the illustration of it, and
the grounds laid down by Lord Coke for his in-
terpretation, without seeing that the whole ques-
tion was as to the intent of the Legislature.
Therefore, he says, the act being entitled an act
to restore the jurisdiction of the Crown in causes
ecclesiastical, the preamble reciting that such is
the object of-t'ne statute, and then the statute re-
| pealing the repealing law of 1 and 2 Philip and
Mary, the manifest intent of Parliament was to
set up the repeated statute. Why? The intent
of Parliament was to restore the headship and
jurisdiction; but that could not be done by the
repealing law, unless the first law conferring the
headship and jurisdiction was thereby impliedly
revived. Now suppose for one moment that that
repealing statute, instead of reciting that Us object
was to restore the ecclesiastical jurisdiction of the
Crown as head of the Chuich, had recited, "It
being the true mtent and meaning of this present
temporal head of the Church, and the ecclesiasti-
cal jurisdiction, and the temporal rights depending
upon it, of the Pope had been abolished or trans-
ferred; and then, after reciting these, it proceeds:
" Be it enacted ly the authority of this present Parlia-
ment, That these clauses before rehearsed, and other ofthc
Mid act eoneernina the supremacy, and all and every
branch, article, winds, and .sentence in the same, Fomulir.ff
or tending to tite derogation oftlie tupresnacy of the Pope's
IJohness, or the See of Rome, and ail pains, penalties, antl
forfeitures made against tliem that should by any means set
forth and extoi the said supremacy, shall be from hence-
forth utterly void and of none effect."
Then the statute of Elizabeth is entitled " An act
restoring to the crown the ancient jurisdiction over
the State ecclesiastical and spiritual, and abolish-
ing all foreign power repugnant to the same;" and
after reciting the acts which had been passed in the
reign of Henry VIII. giving him the rights which
had been abolished by the repealing act of 1 and
2 Philip and Mary, " for the repressing," as the
act expresses it, " of the said usurped foreign
power, and the restoring of the rights, jurisdiction
and preeminences appertaining to the imptrialcrown of (i Parliament, not by us legislation, to make 01 ex
this your realm." What? Why it is enacted that ]' elude any temporal head of the Church, but to
this repealing law of 1 and 2'Philip and Mary, i' leave to the convocations of Canterbury and York
shall " be repealed, and shall from thenceforth be I j to settle that matter as they may deem best for
utterly void and of none effect." The statute sets !j the interests of the Church; is it possible to con-
out that it was the intent to restore to the crown jl ceive that any court, judge, or lawyer in England
the iunsdiction which had been conferred by the |J could have held that, in defiance of that declara-
acts of Henry VUI which acts had been repealed ji tion, the Queen was made the head of the Church,
by the statute of 1 and 2 of Philip and Mary; and,
therefore, for tins purpose of restoration, the act
of 1 and 2 Philip and M^ry, is repealed.
That demonstrates the truth of tvhat I said the
other night, that it was nothing but a question of
intent. The intent to set up the first law was
inferred from the nature and circumstances of the
case, and the declared object of the last.
Mr. Justice Blackstone, m the passage which I
have read from him, refers to Coke's Fourth Insti-
tute, as the authority upon which he predicates
the luleand the particular application of it. Coke
is there considering whether, after the act of 1
Elizabeth, the high commission court had any
jurisdiction in causes ecclesiastical; and, if so,
whether its original jurisdiction was established
in its former plenary extent, or to what modifica-
tions it was subjected. In order to determine upon
the jurisdiction of the high commission court, to
ascertain, that is, whether it had any jurisdiction
at ail, it was indispensably necessary to ascertain
whether, after the passage of 1 Elizabeth, the Queen
was restored to her headshipoftheChurch, because
the high commission court was but her court, sit-
| by setting up a statute which they make the Par-
' hament set up, in order to destroy the very object
! which they declare they had m view in repealing
| the repealing law ?
I The whole subject lies within a nut-shell.
I Where a law is repealed and the repealing statute
I is subsequently repealed, it is a question of con-
' struction whether or not the first statute is thereby
| set up. If the last statute show its purpose to
i set up the first, of course it is set up, because all
| that is necessary to establish or abolish a law is
: a declaration of its will by the legislative power.
| If the nature and circumstances of the case re-
1 quire that there shall be some law upon the sub-
; jeot—- and there will be none if a second statute be
1 repealed, unless the first be restored—then the
! courts may rightfully infer (nothing being said to
| the contrary by the Legislature) that it was the
! intention, in repealing the second, to set up the
fh>t. To illustrate this: Suppose there were a stat-
ute which punished with death a certain ofiense
which at common law was a misdemeanor, and
suppose that statute should be repealed, and sub-
sequently the repealing statute should be repealed;
if the last statute said nothing about the purpose
or intent of the Legislature, nothing from which
the intent could be collected, it might be a ques-
tion whether the second statute was restored.
But suppose the Jaw were repealed, with the ex-
press declaration that the Legislature deemed capi-
tal punishment too severe for a crime of that de-
scription; what would follow? Why,clearly, that
neither statute would be in force, and the offense
would be left to be dealt with as a misdemeanor at
common law.
Therefore, Mr. President, if we are to place any
reliance upon the principles laid down, if we are
to give any weight to the illustration which is
given by Blackstone, if any force is to be attrib-
uted to the reasons upon which Lord Coke grounds
his conclusion that the statutes of Henry were set
up by the repeal in the first year of Elizabeth
of the repealing statute of 1 and 2 Phillip and
Mary, the conclusion is irresistible—that nothing
in any such case is accomplished but an implied
revival of a repealed law, m order to accomplish a
presumed intent of the Legislature; but it is an
established rule that there can be no implication
in any instrument, deed, or statute,against an ex-
press contrary declaration. What do you mean
by an implied revival ? A revival supposed, in-
tended, or taken to have been purposed, where the
Legislature are silent and say nothing expressly
upon the point. But if the Legislature exclude
the implication, then, if their will is to govern,
there can be no revival of a law against their ex-
press declaration.
To ascertain the intent of the Legislature, in or-
der to execute it, is the object of all judicial rules
of interpretation. Where that intent in any par-
ticular is not expressly declared, a court may,
and, if it can, ought to gather it from other par-
ticulars in which the Legislature may have ex- ,
pressly spoken; but to impute a purpose which is
in terms disowned, to make a law accomplish what
is declared not to be the intent of its makers,
would be to overrule and not to obey the legisla-
tive power—to subvert, and not to maintain the
law.
Now, Mr. President, upon the original form of
the provision introduced on the motion of the
chairman of the Committee-on Territories, I ask
if it is possible that any man can make a doubt,
can raise a dispute, can involve for a moment any
person accustomed either to legal disquisition or
to ordinary reasoning, upon the point that this
repeal revives nothing ? " Which "—that is the
exclusion of slavery by the restriction in the
Missouri law—" being inconsistent with the prin-
ciple of non-intervention by Congress with slavery
in the States and Territories, as recognized by the
legislation of 1850, (commonly called the com- 1
promise measures,) is hereby declared inoperative
and void." The result would have been clear
upon that statement had the amendmentproceeded
no further; but it continues: " It being the true
intent and meaning of this act not to legislate
slaveiy into any Territoiy or State, nor to ex-
clude it therefrom, but to leave the people thereof
perfectly free to form and regulate their domestic
institutions m their own way."
Sir, if the pro-slavery law which existed in
that Teintory when we acquired it from France
be revived by the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise act, then Congress revive it; then Congress
puts it again in force; then it is the act of Con-
gress which truly, though indirectly, establishes
the pro-slavery law there. It was taken out of
the way by the Missouri law; and if Congress,
by repealing the Missouri law, revive the other,
then Congress legislates slavery into the Terri-
tory. Yet the declaration of the amendment of
the committee is express, that it is not the true
intent and meaning of this act to legislate slavery
into any Territory or State, nor toexcludeit there-
from. Now, I undertake to say that it is clear
to a moral demonstration, that if that provision
had stood in those words, there is no court in
America, high or low, that would have held for
one moment that that repeal had the effect of
reviving any law. Well, then, what is the
proviso ?
(< Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to revive or put in force any law or regulation which
mav have e\is-ted prior to the act of the 6th ot March. 1^20,
j either protecting, establishing, prohibiting, or abolishing
ti slavery."
(I The allegation was that there had been a law
