1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1397
the State of Alabama. He is apprehensive that,
if this Congress adjourns without acting upon the
matter, he might be placed in afalseposition, and
that it might be supposed that he was in favor of
the Pacific project now before this House. I am,
as I said J a member of that committee, and I am
gratified to know that that honorable gentleman is
becoming right upon this subject, and that he is
improving. By the time when we shall come
here at the next session he will unite with us—a
hopeless minority upon that committee; for I
think there were but two—the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Kidwell] and my self—who did not
agree with the majority, and who were hostile to
the principles of the bill, I desired, as well as
the gentleman from Alabama, to place myself
right upon the subject, and I did not think it im-
prftper to mention it here and upon this occasion.
Mr. COBB. Such an explanation was not in the
least necessary; for I believe the House and the
country are perfectly satisfied, without any expla-
nation, that the gentleman is hostile to every pro-
ject which results in much good to the country.
They are perfectly satisfied as to that. [Laughter.]
I am about closing, and will occupy but a few
minutes more of the time of my friend, [Mr.
Chandler.]
Mr. FLORENCE, (interrupting.) My col-
league [Mr. Chandler] intimated that he would
give me a few moments of his time, and 1 desire
to improve the opportunity.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man's colleague has expired; but the Chair recog-
nizes the gentleman.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 rise to a personal explana-
tion. I think it very proper that I should make
it at this time, and I am much obliged to the Chair
for giving me the opportunity to do so.
During my absence from the city, there has
been a good deal of concern—and strange enough
too—about the course that I would pursue in ref-
erence to the appropriations for the District of
Columbia.
Well, now, sir, while I do not care much what
correspondents or editors of newspapers say of
me—and they have said a good many things about
me long ago, some of which I did not care to no-
tice, and some of which I have replied to in my
humble way, through the same medium—I say,
while I do not care about the attacks of these
persons, yet as this is a review of my official
position here, while I acknowledge no responsi-
bility upon the face of God's earth except to my
constituents, and to what little sense of right, and
convictions of right, I may have in my own con- ■
science 
Mr. HOUSTON. How about the "Know-
Nothings ?"
Mr. FLORENCE. No matterabout them. I
say, while I acknowledgeno responsibility to any-
body else, yet this seems to me a fitting and a
proper occasion, to say that I shall continue to
vote for appropriations for the District of Columbia
when they meet the convictions of my judgment.
A Member. How if they do not?
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I will not vote for
them. But, sir, especially in relation to the intro-
duction of water into the city of Washington do
I feel a deep interest. I have„been a water-drinker
for the last fifteen year3, [a laugh,] and therefore,
it concerns me a good deal that we should have
pure water introduced into the city; and I shall
cheerfully vote for an appropriation for that pur-
pose, both for this reason, and for the reasons elab-
orately and eloquently urged by my colleague,
[Mr. Chandler,] who has but a few minutes ago
taken his seat.
I desire to state in general terms that, in my
course with reference to all appropriations for the
benefit of the District, nothing will influence my
vote except a sense of right; and as this appropri-
ation for the introduction of water does especially
commend itself to my sense of right, I shall take
pleasure in voting for it.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, obtained the
floor
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Make your
speech to-morrow.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to ask the
Chair a question. Does not the debate close upon
the bill under consideration to-morrow at twelve
o'clock ?
The CHAIRMAN. That is the order of the
House,
Mr. JONES. Then if the committee rises now,
the gentleman will not be able to make his speech
to-morrow.
Mr. STEPHENS. I would suggest that the
committee take a recess till seven o'clock.
Mr. STANTON. 1 would prefer to go on
now. I wish to make an explanation in relation
to the remarks of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Chandler ] I do not expect to occupy
the time of the committee for more than fifteen
minutes.
Mr. JAMES C.ALLEN. I ask the gentleman
from Kentucky to yield me a part of his time.
Mr. STANTON. I would prefer to say what
I have to say now.
Mr. EWING. I ask the gentleman to allow
me the floor for a single moment, simply to ask
the Chair a question. I have come into the Hall
since this debate commenced, and I am told that
an appropriation bill is under consideration to
which an amendment will be ofFere-d making an
appropriation for bringing water into this city,
i desire to know whether this is the proper time
to discuss that question, because I wish to say a
very few words upon the subject at some time?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order to discuss
the subject to which the gentleman alludes.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I will suggest that
when we come So offer amendments to the bill
under consideration, and this appropriation comes
up, it will then be in the power of every gentle-
man to express his opinions in reference to it.
I myself shall have something to say.
The CHAIRMAN. It can be done under the
five-minute debate.
Mr. TAYLOR, Yes, sir, and I will say that,
in my opinion, the five-minute debate is the most
sensible debate we have in Congress.
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN. It was my puipose
to have addressed the committee on the subject of
the Pacific railroad; but as it is growing late, and
1 do not desire to detain the committee, I shall,
with their permission j publish my remarks.
[Cries of" Agreed !"]
Mr. (STANTON, of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-
man, I had not the slightest expectation of parti-
cipating in this debate when I came to the House;
but the remarks of my honorable friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandler,] which seem to
have been deliberately prepared as a reply to what
I deemed it my duty to say upon a former occa-
sion, make it necessary that I should occupy the
attention of the committee for a short time.
I recollect very well when the appropriation
which authorized the commencement of this stu-
pendous project for supplying Washington and
Georgetown with water was first introduced into
this House. It came in the shape of an amend-
ment by the Senate to the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, and was promptly rejected by
this body. It appropriated $100,000, " to be ex-
pended under the direction of the President of the
United States, for the purpose of bringing water
into the city of Washington, upon such plans, and
from such places, as he might approve." This,
sir, was the proposition made in tne last hours of
the session, and by this House repudiated. The
Senate adhered to its amendment, and upon the
recommendation of a committee of conference it
was agreed to, not because it was approved, but
for the reason that, if again refected, the fate of the
whole appropriation bill might be endangered. I
will venture to assert, that upon the naked propo-
sition to appropriate $100,000, with the under-
standing that it was but the commencement of an
expenditure which would be counted by millions,
not twenty votes could have been obtained in this
House. Sir, no one who assented to the appro-
priation ever dreamed for a moment that the work
would be projected upon so grand and magnificent
a scale. What Democrat in this House could have
faced his constituents, after giving his sanction to
an appropriation involving the expenditure of sev-
eral millions of the people's money for such a
purpose?
It has been said, that by the appropriation of
$100,000 to commence the work, we approved
the plan, and therefore cannot now repudiate it.
I deny that we did any such thing. The plans
were not before us. The report of the lieutenant
of engineers, who made the surveys and devised
the several projects from which the President sub-
sequently selected, was only communicated to the
Senate a few days before the adjournment, and
was not printed until after the members had left
for their homes. The very amendment of the
Senate making the appropriation authorized the
President to select the plan, not restricting him to
the schemes of the lieutenant of engineers, but
giving him discietion to select any reasonable
plan. Other surveys had been made by eminent
civil as well as military engineers, and were before
Congress. This body indorsed no plan, approved
no plan; but left the whole matter to the President,
in full faith that he would not transcend a reason-
able limit in the exercise of that discretion with
which he was invested. If he has been misled by
plausible, but deceptive estimates; if he has been
deceived by hasty surveys and well executed
drawings, surely this Congress is under no obliga-
tion to ratify and affirm what he has done.
It will be remembered, Mr. Chairman, that the
opposition which I made to this measure a few
weeks ago, and which seems to have attracted at-
tention, not only here, but elsewhere, was based
upon the extravagance of the scheme, and the
wretched policy of executing it under the man-
agement of an officer of the United States Army.
I did not object to the project simply because it
provided water for the District, but for the rea-
sons I have given,and these alone. I avow now,
sir, that I am willing to vote any reasonable sum
of money for any efficient means of supplying the
public buildings and public grounds of the Dis-
trict with an ample quantity of water. I will go
so far as to say, that I regard the necessity of
having an abundant supply of water so great,
that I will not oppose even the plan of Captain
Meigs, if I can be assured the work can be exe-
cuted at a cost not to exceed his estimates. But
I regard that as utterly impossible. My convic-
tions upon that point cannot be shaken. While
the work remains under the management of the
War Department, while a military engineer is in
charge of it, there is not the slightest hope that it
can be completed for the sum estimated. While
I have no faith in the accuracy of the estimates, I
have infinitely less in the economical management
of work by ofiicers of the Army.
Mr. CHANDLER. My friend will allow me
a single remaik. I see what is the drift of his
remarks. He knows how much I sympathize
with him in his views. These parties are ready
to fulfill the contract for the price.
Mr. STANTON. I was just reaching that
point; and I am happy to assure my honorable
friend, that if, when he offers his amendment, he
will provide that the work shall be given to
responsible contractors, who will bind themselves
to complete it in all respects as designed by the
engineer, and give bond, with ample security, for
its faithful performance, at an entire cost not ex-
ceeding the estimate of $2,300,000; and will also
provide that the work shall be done under the
direction of the President, or Secretary of the
Interior, and supervised by a competent civil
engineer, I will most cheerfully vote for the ap-
propriation. With these provisions, the amend-
ment of my friend will receive my cordial support.
He knows well that I am not hostile to the inter-
ests of the District; and I assure him that he is
not more friendly to the object of providing a
copious supply of water for the two cities than I.
At the same time, he must allow me to say, that
while 1 know he has full confidence in his own
belief in the practicability of having the work
executed for the sum named, I do not believe that
any responsible man, capable of doing it, will give
bond, and undertake its execution. At any rate,
the experiment can be tried, and if the friends of
the measure have confidence in the estimates, let
them support the proposition which 1 have indi-
cated. They shall have my cooperation.
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Chandler] admits that my statement as to
the cost of excavating the tunnel (§7 50 per
cubic yard) was correct: but he avoids the effect
of it, by stating that the engineer's estimates
were twice that sum. The data upon which the
estimates are made, as exhibited in the report, are
so meager and vague, that it is impossible to ob-
tain from them any correct idea of the cost of
any specifie part of the work. How much is to
be charged to the actual labor of excavating a
cubic yard, and how much to the necessary ex-
penses of making preparations, providing tools,
removing debris, superintendence, &ccannot be
determined from the estimates. But, admitting
