688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20.
I
authorizing, slavery, and that that law was re-
pealed by the prohibition in the Missouri act.
These were the only two laws upon the subject,
the only two laws that had ever been in force.
There was a law authorizing slavery when the
territory belonged to France. By the act of 1820,
that law was annulled. If, then, as is clear anil evi-
dent,'beyond dispute, that clause without the pro-
viso did not revive that law, it did not revive any.
There was none to be revived. There had been
an allowance, and there had been a prohibition.
The prohibition is repealed without reviving the
allowance, and therefore the subject stands with-
out any law upon it, a tabula rasa, free for the in-
troduction of such legislation as the Territory in
its organized form shall think proper to make.
That is precisely what the language of the proviso
declares—not because it was not clear to demon-
stration to a legal mind before—not because theie
ever could have been a moment's hesitation in any
court in coming to that conclusion; but because
it was due—it was eminently proper—that those
gentlemen who, from northern and northwestern
constituencies, were supporting the provision in
this bill, should not be liable to any misrepresen-
tation before collections of persons, who, however
honest, might not have the ability, perhaps, to
understand the reasoning, clear as it may seem to
us, upon which theconclusion was arrived at; and
therefore it was thought just and right to say, in
unmistakable terms that the plainest understanding
can comprehend, what had already been said in
terms unmistakable by a legal understanding. That
was all.
It is very singular, Mr. President, allow me to
remark, that some complaints have been made of
this provision by gentlemen who were entirely
content with the enactment proposed by what
was called the Clayton compromise of 1848. But
what was that as compared with this? Why, it
was just exactly as if this Territory had been
constituted without the repeal of the restriction in
the Missouri act, and leaving, therefore, a law in
force, unless the courts should determine it to be
unconstitutional, which excluded the admission
of slavery into the Territory. It seems to me,
therefore, that not only is this, beyond all dispute,
right and proper, and susceptible of the one inter-
pretation that 1 have given to it, demonstrably so,
but that it has this advantage over the former
compromise, that the only real or supposed ob-
struction is removed out of the way of the Terri-
torial Legislatures, and real and full power, in
form and in fact, given to them to regulate this
domestic relation for themselves.
I said, Mr. President, that there were two sub-
jects to which I wished to refer. The other is, that
some of our southern friends have been accused—
and, of course, I must fail under the same cate-
gory, as I acted with them on this occasion—of
having, by their vote for this bill in the foim in
which it was put, sanctioned the doctrine of an
inherent sovereignty, an inherent right to govern
themselves in the people of a Territory, and a de-
nial, consequently, of the right on the part of Con-
gress to govern them; or, in other words, what has
received the appellation, from the distinguished
Senator from Michigan, of the doctrine of "squat-
ter sovereignty."
Mr. CASS. I beg the gentleman's pardon. I
did not call it so. I called it the doctrine of the
right of men to govern themselves. The other is
the reproachful term.
Mr. BADGER. Yes, sir, but, as you applied
it to squatters, it amounts to the same thing. Mr.
President, I do not concur in or admit the exist-
ence of any such right. I hold with the honor-
able Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Pktttt,] thatthe
powers of Congress over the territory of the
United States are plenary; that we have aright
to form their governments in such manner as we
think best. We have a right, if we please, to gov-
ern them ourselves, without giving them any dis-
tinct organization, and to exercise such dominion
over them as in the judgment of Congress shall
be wise, just, and reasonable.
The honorable Senator from Michigan, who has
more than once addressed the Senate on this sub-
ject, seemed to be a good deal troubled because the
power to govern the Territories had not been re-
ferred to and deduced from a specific provision in
the Constitution; and he asked that those who
maintained the existence of the power should lay
their fingers on that clause of the Constitution
which conferred it. Sir, I think it is very evident
that Congress may possess an unquestionable
power without any man's being able to lay his
finger on the clause of the Constitution which gives
it. One instance is as good as a dozen. Doesatiy
man question the power of Congress to purchase
a library ? Yet, will any man lay his finger upon the
clause of the Constitution which confers the power?
No man can do it. This is, perhaps, the power
exercised by Congress which is the most remote
from any connection with an expressly granted
power. When, therefore, the Supreme Court of
the United States tell us that, from whatever source
the power may be derived, the power is unques-
tionable, they have not stated that our power is
doubtful; they have not intimated that the power
of Congress is liable to dispute or disparagement;
but only this, that though the source may be doubt-
ful, the power is certain. It has been deduced
from several sources; by some from the power
" to make all needful rules and regulations respect-
ing the territory;" by others, again, as a neces-
sary and inevitable consequence of the power to
acquire;-and, by others, because the territory be-
ing out of the jurisdiction of any particular State,
and yet belonging to the United States, the gov-
ernment of the territory must be in the hands of
that power which represents the whole of the
United States. But the court say, however de-
rived, we have it; it is unquestionable.
Wellrsir, if a power be unquestionable, it is a
mere matter of curiosity to endeavor to trace its
origin. It is important, if a power be doubtful, to
endeavor to find out how we arrive at it; but the
very moment it is ascertained that we possess a
power unquestionably, it becomes a matter of
mere curiosity to continue the investigation as to
how we derive it. But'l think this power may be
derived from several sources in the Constitution;
and as the Senator from Michigan desired that a
finger might be laid on that part of the Constitu-
tion which conferred the power, I will lay my
finger upon that which I think confers it, in the
most ample manner.
Mr. President, at the close of the specific enu-
meration of powers granted to Congress, we find
this general power: " To make all laws which shall
be necessary and proper for carrying into execu-
tion the foregoing powers, and all other powers
vested by this Constitution in the Government of the
United Slates, or in any Department or officer thereof."
Nothing was omitted, nothing was overlooked, in
fiaming this instrument. The powers of Congress
being enumerated, a general power of passing
laws to carry them into execution is added. But
there are otherpowers not conferred upon Con-
gress, which cannot be carried into effect without
legislation, and hence this clause confers upon
Congress the power of passing all laws necessary
and proper to carry into execution " all other
powers "—powers besides those granted to Con-
gress—" vested by this Constitution in the Gov-
ernment of the United States, or in any Depart-
ment or officer thereof."
Then we find that the Constitution, when
speaking of the President, declares that " he shall
have power, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two
thirds of the Senators present concur." Well,sir,
among the treaties known to all nations, both be-
fore and after the adoption of the Constitution,
was the class of treaties of cession. We have
made several such, by which we have acquired
territory. There is a power vested in the Presi-
dent to make treaties; and among others, to make
a treaty by which territory may be acquired; but
the moment the President acquires the territory,
no matter what may be the purpose for which it
is needed, he can do no more. But the Constitu-
tion intended that this power should be carried
into full effect, should be made available, that the
endsm view should be realized to the nation; and
therefore it gave to Congress the power to pass
all laws necessary to carry into execution, to
complete, to give full operation and effect to the
power of acquiring territory by treaty.
Then, how stands the case ? Here is, as I think,
an express power to make a treaty by which we
may acquire territory, as well as to make any
other treaty; for no particular class of treaties is
specified by the Constitution. Hereis a provision
that Congress may make all laws necessary to
carry that power into execution. What is neces-
sary ? The President has power to acquire terri-
tory, and this clause confers upon Congress all
the powers of legislation necessary in that emer-
gency to perfect the act of acquisition, and devote
it to ends proposed in acquiring it.
Let us see how we have acted upon this matter.
By our treaty with China, to take one single in-
stance, the Chinese Government put citizens of
the United States in China out of the jurisdiction
of the domestic tribunals of China, and declared
that they should be there under the jurisdiction of
the United States. The President, with the con-
sent of' the Senate, ratified that treaty. Suppose
it had stopped there; these men would have been
lost to all law, discharged from the domestic tri-
bunals, and no tribunals established, because the
President could establish none, to execute the laws
upon American citizens there residing. What did
we do? Why, in 1848 we passed an act by which
we constituted our Consuls and our Commissioner
in China courts of justice. We authorized them
to take cognizance of civil causes. We author-
ized them to hear and determine prosecutions for
offenses. We authorized them to pronounce and
execute judgment of death upon American citi-
zens in the Empire of China, for offenses there
committed, and how did we do it? We did not
require any jury. We did not conceive that we
were establishing "courts of the United States"
within the meaning of theConstitution. Congress
did not desire this power under that clause of the
Constitution; for if those courts had been " infe-
rior courts" within the meaning of theConstitu-
tion, their judges must have held during good be-
havior. They were executing no such power;
they were doing precisely what this last clause at
the end of the enumeration of powers authorized
them to do; they were passing a law which was
necessary and proper to carry into execution the
power vested by another clause in the President,
of acquiring jurisdiction by treaty. The Presi-
dent, with the advice of the Senate, by treaty,
made a compact, in virtue of which our citizens in
China, though they were there, ceased to be liable
to the local jurisdiction. That was all that the Pres-
ident could do; but Congress passed a law—for
what? Why,for governing American citizens in
China, establishing courts over them, and estab-
lishing them in just such form as they pleased—
the Consuls and the Commissioner holding under
the President, at his pleasure, being authorized to
try, condemn, and execute American citizens,
without a jury; the only provision being, that in
the case of a capital offense, the Consul should
call one or more, not exceeding four, American
citizens to aid him.
The two cases, in my judgment, have a precise
analogy. In the case of the acquisition of terri-
tory by treaty, the inhabitants, with the terri-
tory, are transferred under the jurisdiction of the
United States. By the treaty with China, our
citizens in that territory though the territory re-
mained Chinese, though we acquired no jurisdic-
tion over the territory as such, were yet trans-
ferred from the local jurisdiction to our juris-
diction. In the one case we took the land and the
inhabitants together. In the other case we took
a particular class of inhabitants there, to wit: bur
citizens residing there; and leaving them within
the territory of China, we nevertheless acquired
jurisdiction over them. Where, I ask, did we
get power to do either? PI ere is a clear power,
undisputed; no man can mistake it; nothing can
be said against it; and anything which denies the
power of Congress to regulate and govern the
territories, denies the validity of the act of 1848,
and pronounces it to be a gross usurpation, and
leads to the inevitable consequence that if a man
be executed by the award of our Consuls and
Commissioner in China, they are all guilty of mur-
der morally, and I suppose if they have any laws
in China, might be said to be so legally.
Now, Mr. President, 1 have no more doubt
myself about the entire authority of Congress to
control the Territories than I have about the
power of Congress to pass an appropriation—not
a bit; and yet I concurred in that bill. Why?
Although I admit our undoubted authority, al-
though I admit we have a right to establish for
them any sort of government we please, and to do
as we did in the earlier history of the country, to
do as we did with the Territory of Orleans—es-
tablish a government composed of a Governor
appointed by the President, and thirteen free-
holders, selected as a legislative body by the
