1398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
the estimate was fifteen dollars per yard, and the
actual cost seven dollars and fifty cents, It only
shows that he missed the true sum one hundred
per cent. This may be considered near enough
for the guess of a military officer; and if all his
estimates are as wide of the mark as this, my
worst fears as to the ultimate cost of the work
may be realized. The expose I made on a former
occasion, of the actual cost of laying a few thou-
sand bricks in the conduit, as calculated by the
workman who actually laid them, shows that if
the engineer went above the actual cost of exca-
vating, in his estimates, he fell far below it in esti-
mating for the brick work. The excavation of
the tunnels is butan inconsiderable portion of the
work, compared to the brick masonry.
The honorable gentleman attests the accuracy
of my statement in regard to the total cost of sup-
plying Philadelphia with water for a period of fifty-
four years. 1 set it down at $3,200,000, and this
he frankly admits to be correct. Now, sir, I ap-
peal to the intelligence and good sense of the mem-
bers of this committee to say, if the city of Phil-
adelphia, with its immense, active population, has
been supplied with water for all purposes for fifty-
four years,at a total cost not exceeding that sum,
the cities of the District, with scarcely one sixth
of the inhabitants, ought not to be supplied at an
infinitely less sum ? So different are the ideas of
the engineers of the army from those of the prac-
tical business population of Philadelphia, that what
it has cost them to construct and reconstruct water-
works, and keep them in operation for more than
half a century, is deemed hardly sufficient to begin
with in this District!
Something has been said in reference to theloca-
cation of the dam at the Great Falls; and the im-
pression is created that the engineer has obtained
the right to build it without trespassing upon the
rights of individuals. If 1 am not misinformed,
the controversy has not been settled; and if the
work is authorized to proceed, there will be em-
barr&ssment, if no.t a stoppage of the woik, by
the interposition of the coutts. The engineer re-
jected all overtures for a compromise and settle-
ment of these difficulties with the riparian pro-
prietors at the Falls, and he has no power under
the act of Virginia, or the law of Congress, to con-
demn property in Virginia, or trespass upon then-
water rights, reserved especially as they are by
nets of both the Maryland and Virginia Legisla-
tures. The law of Congress in reference to the
water-works did not authorize the purchase of
a foot of land in Virginia; and yet, the engi-
neer, with a latitude I do not understand, has pur-
chased, in the name of the Government, some ten
acres of land above the Falls, and above the
land owned by the contesting parties, on the Vir-
ginia shore, and proposes to construct a diagonal
dam across the river to that point, not only
thus increasing the expenses, but withdrawing
from the proprietors of water rights at the Falls
daily eixty-seven millions of gallons of the water,
which, under the laws of Virginia and Maiyland,
too, they have a right to use undiminished. The
Government has not yet asked or obtained from
Virginia the right thus to use the property of her
citizens, even by condemning and paying for it;
and the engineer, if he persists in his purpose,
will commit a high-handed wrong upon these citi-
zens. The water in the Potomac, above tide-
water, may be used by the public for purposes of i
navigation; but obstructions which affect either
the navigation or the rights of riparian proprie-
tors cannot, even by the power of this Federal
Government, be placed in the river. The engi- !
neer says, in his report, that a portion of the
water conveyed to the District by his aqueduct, and [
drawn from the dam above these proprietors, will I
be used for manufacturing purposes. Is it possible 1
that this Congress will justify the wrong which this |
would do to the proprietors of the water-rights at
the Falls? Of what value would be water-power !
there for manufacturing purposes, if the Govern- j
ment should give its revenues to bring it sixteen !
miles nearer to the point of business, where it could !
be obtained for nothing? In my judgment, these ;
gentlemen have substantial rights, which are likely j
io be seriously interfered with; and it certainly is !
pruden4 and wipe, before we make any appropria- |
tion to continue the work, to see that the existing •
controversy is settled, or at least know that the 1
work atitsir.ifciai point can proceed without embar- I
rassment to the Government, or trespass upon the I
rights of citizens. I am assured, sir, by the highly
respectable gentleman to whom I have referred,
that the whole difficulty could be arranged, to the
mutual interest of both the Government and them,
if a proper spirit were manifested by the engineer,
i have read the correspondence between them and
the engineer, commenced by the latter, and am
constrained to say,' that if published, would show
a haughtiness of bearing and an arrogance of tone
upon the part of the engineer, which leaves but
little room to hope that through him any amicable
arrangement could be made.
I did not expect, Mr. Chairman, to be drawn
into this debate, and should have kept silent, but
for the speech of my honorable friend, who has
opened up a subject with which 1 am somewhat
familiar, and to which I have given some atten-
tion. As I am on the floor, I will avail myself of
the occasion to refer to the practice which has
prevailed in the policy of our Government for
many years, of assigning military officers to the
construction of civil works and other duties of a
purely civil character, and the enormous abuses
which have grown up under the system. If time
would allow, I think I could lay before this House
such an array of facts as would induce every gen-
tleman to unite with me in the effort which I am
making, and shall continue to make while I have
the honor of a seat on this floor, to destioy the
system in us full extent—to break up the practice
wherever it exists, and confine the operations of
the War Department and the officers of the Army
to those duties which, under the Constitution,
rightfully and appropriately belong to them.
My distinguished and eloquent friend from
South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] in a fervent and
eloquent manner, announced to this House a few
days ago that the Democratic party had come
into power pledged to certain measures of reform
which had not yet been accomplished, arid ap-
pealed to the members not to adjourn until some
adequate effort had been made to effect them. I
concurred with him most heartily in both his dec-
larations and his purpose. But, sir, a modifica-
tion of the tariff, by which the burdens of taxation
upon the people may be relieved, though import-
ant and much to be desired, is not the only meas-
ure of reform to which the Democracy, now m
control of this Government, are solemnly pledged.
A strict observance of all laws in the practice of
Government officials, a just economy in all ex-
pendituies, proper respect for the rights of the cit-
izen, and a complete subordination of the military
to the civil power, are as much doctrines to which
the Democratic, party are pledged, as any others
which form cardinal points in their political creed.
If, then, abuses in these respects have crept into
the practice of Government, no matter by what
agency, it is as much the duty of the Democratic
j party to arrest them, as it is to adopt measures of
! reform in regard to the tariff, or any other subject
j of governmental policy.
j That there do exist many abuses in the particu-
: lars to which I have alluded there can be no doubt.
| In the administration of affairs entrusted to miii-
1 tary officers, there is not that regard paid to the
[ rigid requirements of the laws that there is under
j civilians; nor is there the same economy in the
i expenditure of the public money, or the same re-
j gard to the rights of citizens. These truths, sir,
1 shall make clear in the course of my remarks;
for they are no idle declarations. 1 speak from
the record. The great abuse, however, of which
I complain, and to which I wish to direct the at-
tention of the people, is the extent to which the
officers of the Army have been allowed to engross
civil positions under the Government. My De-
mocracy teaches me that the military power should
be kept in strict subordination to the civil; but
from the practice of the Government during the
last twenty years, themilitary has become almost
the controlling power of the Government. I dis-
claim any intention to attack the present Admin-
istration, or to hold it responsible for more than
continuing a system which was in full operation
before it came into power. While I do not intend
i by any means to charge those now in power with
i any agency in originating the practice of assign-
! ing military officers to civil duties, I may be al-
i lowed to say, that it would well become a Demo-
) cratic President to set his face against and anest
! it. I hope the present Executive will respect
! public sentiment on this subject, and refuse longer
! to sanction the practice.
The official testimony published by the House,
which was.taken before the select committee ap-
pointed to consider this subject, will show the
number of military officers employed in the man-
agement of mechanics and others, in the con-
stiuction of works ofapurely civil character, and
having no relation whatever to the military de-
fenses of the country. Largely more than two
thirds of the two Engineer Corps are so employed;
while infantry, and other officers of the line, are
away from their regiments, engaged in writing
books, and performing mere clerical duties under
other departments of the Government. I need
not complain of the injustice which this does to
other officers, who are not allowed to occupy such
pleasant positions, but are kept upon the frontier,
exposed to the hardships of the camp, and re-
quired to perform the duties which have be&n
abandoned by others for more agreeable employ-
ment. Can any man tell why Army officers
should be employed m the various bureaus ot the
War Department in preference to civilians? Is
there no work for them to do elsewhere, and is
this the purpose for which the Government edu-
cates them at West Point?
A young man who enlists in your Army, no
matter how gallant and brave he may be, or what
his genius and ability for military command, can-
not, by the policy of this Government, rise from
the ranks to a military commission The thing
is impossible for htm, or any one else who has not
passed through West Point, and received his pat-
ent from a military board. Those who go through
that gate—those alone who can obtain, by the par-
tiality of friends, the right to take that road—can,
under the policy of this free, republican Govern-
ment, reach a commission in the Army. Some-
times, under special acts of Congress, regiments
are raised and commissions authorized, and then
civilians obtain the appointments. But this is
done only in certain emergencies, and form only
a rare exception to the regular policy. The West
Point men are thus allowed to hold a monopoly of
the Army commissions, and the rest of the people
are shut out and prohibited from reaching t?hem.
Is it right that they should also engross the civil
places under the Government? Are your accom-
plished aichitects, engineers,armorers, and literary
men in civil life to be kept from posts of honor
and distinction under the Government that this
monopoly in the hands of military men may be
still furtherextended? Is theambitionof the young
architect and mechanic of genius to be deadened
and suppressed, at the very threshold of his efforts
to qualify himself for honorable service under his
Government, by the knowledge of the fact that
rts policy is to encourage the engrossing spirit of
the corps it has educated and cherished, by thrust-
ing them into the places which he might occupy
with more advantage to the country? I trust this
Congress will regard with a more liberal spirit
what is due to this class of citizens, and open to
them these avenues to distinction and honorable
service*
The management of civil affairs by military
officers is attended wtth evils which are not under-
stood or appreciated by thepubhc, because no one
cares to examine the subject. I have given it
much attention of We, and will, in the course of
my remarks, refer specifically to some of them.
Military officers are not trained to habits of econ-
omy The very nature of their relations to Gov-
ernment, their education, and their military duties,
deprive them of experience in financial matters.
They are not brought in contact with the business
world; they naturally know but little of the frugal
and prudent expedients of business men. They
know that the Government to which they are at-
tached has great resouices and great wealth, and
they fear no embarrassments to its revenues. If
extravagance and waste are the consequences of
their managementof the disbursements of thepub-
lic money, it is more to be ascribed to these causes
than to any other. That extravagance and waste
in the public money is the consequence of its dis-
bursement by military officers I am fully prepared
to prove. The whole history of their connection
with the public works of the country clearly
shows it.
The engineer officers of the Army, no matter
what civil service they may be called upon to per-
form, which requires the disbursement of public
money, give no bond and no security for its faith-
ful application, as civilians do. Here is the engi-
