1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1399
neer upon this Capitol, disbursing as much as
SI",000,000 per year without bond. I allude to
,-fum, sir, not for the purpose of implying even a
breath of imputation against his integrity; for I
would not, if I could, say one word to his dis-
credit in that respect. He is said to be a gentle-
man of exalted moral worth; and however much
I may oppose his views, and object to the posi-
tion he occupies, I so regard him. But, no mat-
ter how honorable and high-minded and scrupu-
lously careful he may be with the public money,
I cannot see any good reason why he should be
exempt from obligations which are always ex-
acted from other citizens iri like employment. We
are told by the Secretary of War that there is no
Jaw requiring engineer officers to give bond when
they are employed in disbursing thepublic money.
No law, sir? Then one should be instantly
passed. If you, sir, oranyother civiliansof high
character, are not to be entrusted with the public
money without involving your friends as a guar-
antee for your fidelity, in the name of all that is
just why should not an Army officer ? What en-
titles him to such a distinction above you and
other citizens ? Are Army officers a better order
of men? Have they more integrity than other
men ? Certainly this cannot be claimed for them. !
If they cannot g;ive bond as other persons in the
employment of Government do, then they should
not be allowed to handlethe publicmoney. There
should be no such odious distinction made be-
tween Army officers and citizens. All officers
may not be like Captain Meigs. Therehavebeen,
and may be again, men in the Army who are not
as faithful as he.
The law authorizing the extension of the Cap-
itol .provided that the money should be expended
under the direction of the President," by such
architect as he may appoint to execute the same."
Subsequently, a proviso was attached to one of
the appropriation bills, in these words:
" Provided, That so much of former appropriations for
the extension of the Capitol as remains unexpended, and
the appropriation now made, or which hereafter may btj
made tor that object, shall be disbursed under such regula-
tions as the President of the United States may prescribe;
The accounts for such disbursement to be audited and paid
at the Treasury, in the same manner as the accounts of
other civil officers charged with the disbursement of the
public money. And said disbursing agent shall report to
the President his disbursements and proceedings, in time
to be presented to CongrpvSS. at the commencement of each
annual session, and at any other time when required."
These are the only laws which give power to
the President over the Capitol extension. It will
be seen that Congress required that the work
should be executed by an architeBf; and at thesame
time directed that the money should be expended
by him, under thediiection of the-President. Af-
terwards, it was thought proper^o separate the
disbursement of the money from the execution of
the work, and a disbursing agent, who was, by
the terms of the law, evidently intended to be a
civilian, and not a military officer, was authorized
to be appointed. The object clearly was to pro-
vide some check between the officer who designed
and executed the work, who made the contracts,
purchased material, employed the hands, and had
the general supervision of the structure, and the
Government. This was right and proper. But,
instead of a mere disbursing agent, or paymaster,
or cashier, as the law required, a member of the
United States Corps of Engineers, who gives no
bond, is not only made disbursing agent, but ar-
chitect and superintendent, having complete con-
trol over every other officer, and every part of the
work. He makes contracts with whom he pleases;
he purchases materials when and where he chooses;
lie employs mechanics and laborers, and pays for
all them by his own check or order. I cannot
see the authority for all this. I look in vain for
the law of Congress which authorizes it; and if I
say that Captain Meigs occupies his position
against the express enactments of this body, I give
utterance only to what any candid man will be-
lieve who examines the subject.
Captain Meigs may be accomplished in his pro-
fession; he may know how to layout the grounds
for encampments and fortifications, to construct
fortifications and military roads. These are the
duties in which he has had experience, and for
which the Government educated him. I will not
deny him the merit of being a proficient in these
duties; but that he was qualified for the intricate
and elaborate architectural details of such a work
as the Capitol, is beyond all reason. But few men
in the world are equal to such a work. Without
the aid of the distinguished architect, Mr. Wal-
ter, or some one equally competent, he could no
more have gone on with the work than he could
model and cast such a statue as that of Gen-
eral Jackson. But how has he managed? I pro-
pose to say a few words on this subject. Al-
though in 1852 we passed a law requiring all con-
tracts for work or materials necessary for the
Capitol, and other public buildings in this Dis-
trict to be advertised sixty days, and let to respon-
sible bidders, we find him, under that latitude
usually taken by military officers, rejecting all
offers to furnish them here in this city, and send-
ing to Baltimore, Philadelphia, and New York, to
purchase them in open market. Several millions
of bricks have been obtained in these cities, and
transported to the Capitol, at a cost of a few cents
less than eleven dollars per thousand. You may
see them now in immense large piles standing m
the streets and around this building. The Secre-
tary of War has furnished the committee with the
exact cost of them; and it amounts to ten dollars
and ninety-one cents per thousand; when any
quantity required could have been made here, of
infinitely better quality, at seven or eight dollars.
He also discloses the fact, that a larger portion of
the bricks so purchased, are so small that it will
take thirteen hundred of them to make the bulk of
one thousand of those made in this city; a differ-
ence in size of thirty per cent, which increases
the cost to that extent.
Mr. KEITT, (interrupting.) Will the gentle-
man from Kentucky permit me to ask him a ques-
tion or two?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. KEITT, (to Mr. Stanton.) Was there
not a contract made with certain individuals in
Washington to furnish all the bricks necessary
for the work? Did these contractors not fail to
fulfill their contract? Was not the superintendent
compelled to purchase these bricks in Philadelphia
and New York, or else let all the employees out
of work? Has not a bond been given by the
contractor? And are not the parties to that bond
responsible to the Government for the difference
between the cost of the brick thus procured and
the price originally agreed upon?
Mr. STANTON. I answer my honorable
friend, emphatically no. To the extent to which
his questions go, the facts implied are not true.
Here is the plain history of the whole matter.
Mr. Wendell, of this city, was the lowest bidder
under an advertisement made before Captain
Meigs obtained control of the work, and was
awarded the contract for furnishing a portion of
the bricks required for the Capitol, at the price of
$5 88 per thousand. In good faith he commenced
the work, although the season was somewhat ad-
vanced, and furnished more than a million at that
price. He would have gone on and furnished
every brick required, and, as he alleges made
money by the contract, if he had been allowed to
do so. But, sir, for economy, he established a
yard at Biadensburg, where wood and the means
of living were cheaper than in this city, and
furnished some of the bricks from that place,
which were received and entered into the build-
ing. They are said to have been good bricks,
and well made; but the place at which they were
made was made a pretext afterwards for reject-
ing them. 1 cannot undertake to say what was
the real motive for rejecting them, for I do not
know. It, however, caused great loss and sacri-
fice to the contractor, and he was compelled to
surrender his contract. Subsequently, however,
when it was important to commence the work on
the aqueduct, a portion of the very bricks thus
rejected for the thick strong walls of the Capitol
were purchased at a higher price for that work.
My authority for this statement is Mr. Wendell
himself, who told me they were sold to Captain
Meigs and conveyed to the aqueduct. He assured
me, that when summoned before the select commit-
tee, he would confirm his statement by his oath.
I presume, sir, that neither the President nor Sec-
retary of War are familiar with these details.
But why go elsewhere to buy bricks when they
could have been made here of better qualffy, in
great abundance, and at a cheaper rate? At the
time Wendell took his contract there were four-
teen bidders, many of them among the most ex-
perienced and responsible hrick-tnakers in the
country. Not one single one of them asked as
high as eight dollars. The statement of thess
bids, furnished by the Secretary of War, is in the
committee room. Eleven of them are below seven
dollars and fifty cents per thousand. About the
same time a contract was made to lay the bricks
at two dollars and forty-nine cents per thousand;
but the contractor, before he had made a single
effort to comply with his engagement, was re-
leased, and the work done by the day. The
Secretary of War informs the committee that the
laying of the bricks under this mode of manage-
ment, costs, on each wing, an average price of five
dollars and eight cents per thousand! There were
twenty-one bids for the laying of the bricks, and
of these but two were above five dollars. Now,
here is good management for you under military
rule with a vengeance! Every thousand bricks
which go into that building costs this Government
sixteen dollars per thousand, exclusive of lime,
sand, and cement, which, at similar rates, could
hardly make the total cost less than nineteen or
twenty dollars. This is the boasted economy which
military supervision brings to the country.
Mr. PEUKINS, of Louisiana, (interrupting.)
I have been very much interested in the gentle-
man's remarks, but have been at a loss to know
how much importance to attach to the statements,
other than his impression as to their truth. I
should like to know if the facts which he has
stated here are such as have been given in evi-
dence before the committee of which he is the
chairman?
Mr. STANTON. I want the honorable gen-
tleman to understand them as facts, because they
are facts, derived from official sources. With
the exception of what I gave upon the authority
of Mr. Wendell, all the other statements I have
made in reference to bricks, and the work done in
laying them, is derived from statements commu-
nicated to the select committee by the Secretary
of War, in answer to interrogatories propounded
to him at my instance, and which, in due time,
will, I hope, be published.
Mr. PERKINS. Is Mr. Wendell's statement
in evidence ?
Mr. STANTON. It is not. The fact that he
I furnished a large number of bricks, over a million,
in compliance with his contract, is stated by the
Secretary. The other facts relating to the rejec-
tion of the bricks from Biadensburg, and their
subsequent purchase and use for the aqueduct,
rest upon the communication made to me by Mr.
Wendell himself, and to which he avows himself
ready to testify under oath. This is the authority
1 have for the statement; and I freely give it, that
I may rest under no imputation of making state-
ments which cannot be sustained.
The accomplished architect of the Capitol, who
is well and intimately known to my honorable
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandler,] is
not only a man of great experience and skill in his
profession, but one whose genius and good taste,
and high moral worth, make him an honor to his
country. The design of the Capitol, in all its
beautiful proportions and elaborate details, is his,
and no onecan take from him the honor of its con-
ception. I know that when he made the original
plans and estimates, he made them upon the most
economical and prudent scale. His purpose was
not to make the work, in any respect, more costly
than was necessary. He was a civilian, and had
an eye to the cost, as well as to the appearance
and dignity of the edifice. The military engineer
neither liked his plans norhiseconomy; and when
he assumed control, he commenced a complete
revolution in all things. Contracts were not only
broken up, as I have before shown you, but the
exterior and interior details all modified, changed,
and revolutionized. The exterior marble blocks
were regarded as too small, and the whole surface
of the building nearly doubled in thickness. This
brings with it, of course, increased expense. The
plan of the interior was broken up, and massive
foundatious constructed, at considerableadditional
outlay of money, to sustain the new structure.
The llalJs of legislation are remodeled, the rooms
in the basement darkened, and nearly the whole
building deranged.
There are to be one hundred handsome columns
in the porticos to the new wings. These columns
were designed by the architect to be made in sec-
tions of about five feet in length. Such was the
plan of the ancients in their splendid edifices, and
by many they are thought to be more substantial
