THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, ]st Session.
MONDAY, AUGUST 7, 1854.
New Series No. 14&.
For compensation to the consuls at the five ports
in China, viz: Kwang Chow, Amoy, Fuchow,
Nina; Po, and Shanghai, five thousand dollars.
For the relief and protection of American sea-
men, and seamen belonging to American vessels
in foreign countries, one hundred and twenty-five
thousand dollars.
"For clerk hire, office rent, and other expenses
of the office of the consul of the United States at
London, two thousand eight hundred dollars.
That the consul at Beirout, Syria, is hereby
allowed a salary of two thousand dollars per an-
num, and the said consulate shall comprehend
both Syria and Palestine, and two thousand dol-
lars is hereby appropriated for the salary of said
consul.
For office rent of the consul at Zurich, in Swit-
zerland, one hundred dollars.
That the Secretary of the Treasury shall audit
arid settle the accounts of Robert C. Schenck, late
Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipoten-
tiary of the United States to Brazil, and of John
S. Pendleton, late Charge d'Affaires of the United
States to the Argentine Confederation, for addi-
tional compensation and for expenses incurred by
them in the performance of special services, not
pertaining to their respective missions, and at
points distant from those to which they were
originally accredited, in compliar.ee with instruc-
tions from the Department of State; in settling
which accounts the certificate of the parties shall
be regarded as sufficient evidence as to the amount
of expenses incurred, where no regular voucher
can be produced, and a compensation at the rate
of twenty-five dollars per diem shall be allowed
to each of them for the time they were so em-
ployed, to be paid out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
For expenses which may be incurred in ac-
knowledging the services of the masters and crews
of foreign vessels in rescuing citizens and vessels
of the United States from shipwreck, five thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That the same shall be
expended under the direction of the President of
the United States.
For the purchase of blank books, stationery,
arms of the United States, presses, arid flags, and
for the paymentof postages for the consuls of the
United States, ten thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of State to defray the
expense of releasing from captivity among the
Indians of Gtueen Charlotte's Island, the crew
and passengers of the American sloop Georgiana,
fifteen thousand dollars, or so much thereof as
may be necessary.
To defray expenses incurred, and to be incurred,
in complying with the resolution of the House of
* Representatives of the fourteenth of December,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty-three, calling
for a statement of the privileges and restrictions
* of the commercial intercourse of the United States
with all foreign nations, and a table exhibiting a
comparative statement between the tariff of other
nations and that of the United States, ten thou-
sand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of State to pay to the
persons employed to protect the property and per-
sons of citizens of the United States at San Juan
de Nicaragua, twelve thousand dollars, or so much
thereofas may be necessary to defray the expenses
so incurred.
For the payment to James B. Holmans for ser-
vices rendered as secretary of legation at Santiago,
in the discharge of clerical duties left unperformed
by his predecessors, five hundred dollars.
Expenses of the collection of Revenue from. Lands.
"To meet the expenses of collecting the revenue
from the sale of public lands m the several
land States and Territory of Minnesota,
in addition to the balances of former appro-
priations:
For salaries and commissions of registers of
land offices and receivers of public moneys, one
hundred and sixty thousand dollars.
For expenses of depositing public moneys by
receivers of public moneys, fifty thousand dol-
lars.
142
For incidental expenses of the several land
offices, including new offices not heretofore pro-
vided for, forty thousand dollars.
For salaries of registers and receivers in Oregon
and Washington Territories, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, per act of seventeenth of
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, nine thou-
sand dollars.
For office rent, fuel, and labor for said offices,
four thousand dollars.
For iron safes for receivers, and for books,
stationery, and furniture, three thousand dollars.
Swrvey of the Public Lands.
For surveying the public lands, (exclusive of
California and Oregon,) including island surveys
in the interior and all other special and difficult
surveys demanding augmented rates, to beapplied
and apportioned to the severaldistricts according to
the exigencies of the public service, including ex-
penses of selecting swamp lands, and the compen-
sation and expenses to surveyor to locate private
land claims in Louisiana, in addition to the unex-
pended balances of all former appropriations for
the same objects, one hundred and ten thousand
dollars.
For continuing the examinations and corrections
of old, imperfect, and defective surveys in the
lower peninsula of Miehig-ut, north of the third
correction parallel, and east and west of the me-
ridian, being forty-eight townships, at a rate not
exceeding six dollars per mile, twenty thousand
one hundred and sixty dollars.
For the correction of erroneous and defective
lines of the public and private surveys in Illinois
and Missouri, at a rate not exceeding six dollars
per mile, three thousand five hundred dollars.
For preparing the unfinished records of public
and private surveys to be transferred to the State
authorities under the provisions of the act of the
twelfth of June, one.thousand eight hundred and
forty, in those districts where the surveys are
about being completed, fifteen thousand dollars.
For resurveys and examinations of the survey
of the public lands in those States where the offi-
ces of the surveyors general have been or shall be
closed under the acts of the twelfth of June, one
thousand eight hundred and forty,and the twenty-
second of January, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-three, including two thousand dollars for the
salary of the clerk detailed to this special service
in the General Land Office, five thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the keys on the
Florida coast, twenty thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the islands on the
coast of California, thirty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands and private land
claims in California, including office expenses in-
cident to the survey of claims, and to be disbursed
at the rates prescribed by law for the different
kinds of work, three hundred thousand dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office in Califor-
nia, purchase of instruments, records, drawing
materials, furniture, fuel, pay of messengers,
eighteen thousand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of draughtsmen and clerks,
in addition to the amount heretofore estimated, the
same being required in consequence of the in-
creased amount of field work proposed to be exe-
cuted, twenty-one thousand dollars.
For Surveys in Oregon and Washington Territories.
For office rent of the surveyor general, fuel,
books, stationery, and other incidental expenses,
three thousand dollars.
For surveying standard, parallel, and meridian
lines, over coast* mountain, and along the coast—
an estimated distance of two hundred and fifty
miles—five thousand dollars.
For surveying township and subdivision lines
(estimated at four thousand nine hundred and
twenty miles) in Oregon Territory, at a rate nut
exceeding twelve dollars per mile, and including
office work, sixty-five thousand four hundred and
ninety dollars. . .
For surveying standard parallel and meridian
lines in Washington Territory, (an estimated dis-
| tance of five hundred miles,) ten thousand dollars.
For surveying township and subdivision lines
(estimated at four thousand nine hundred and
twenty miles) in Washington Territory, at a rate
not exceeding twelve dollars per mile, and includ-
ing office work, sixty-five thousand four hundred
and ninety dollars.
For salaries and incidental expenses of the com-
mission appointed under the act of March third«
eighteen hundred and fifty-one, for settling land
claims in California, one hundred and five thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For surveying the necessary base, meridian,
standard parallels, townships, and section lines in
New Mexico, thirty thousand dollars.
For surveying the necessary base, meridian,
standard parallels, township, and section lines in
Kansas and Nebraska, fifty thousand dollars.
For salary of surveyor general of New Mexico,
and clerks in his office, seven thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For salary of surveyor general of Kansas*and
Nebraska, two thousand dollars. *
For office rent, fuel, and incidental expenses in
New Mexico, three thousand dollars.
For clerk hire, office rent, fuel, and incidental
expenses in Kansas^and Nebraska, (six thousand
dollars being allowed for office rent, fuel, and in-
cidental expenses,) fourteen thousand three hun-
dred dollars.
For office rent for the surveyor general of
Washington Territory, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, five thousand dol-
lars.
Miscellaneous.
For books voted to the members of the Thirty-
Third Congress, by the joint resolution of twenty-
fourth February, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
and the resolution of the House of the twentieth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,onehundred
and ninety-nine thousand five hundred and ten
dollars and eighty-seven cents.
To enable the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives to purchase from the publishers, Lippin-
cott, Grambo & Company, two hundred copies
each of the second and third volumes of School-
craft's History, etc., of the Indian tribes of the
United States, to complete the sets of the new-
members of the House of Representatives, at
three dollars and fifty cents per volume, fourteen
hundred dollars: Provided, That the said volumes
shall be of the same style and quality of those
heretofore furnished.
For the completion of the printing of the first
session of the Thirty-Third Congress, twenty
thousand dollars.
For the purchase of paper for the completion
of the printing of the first session of the Thirty-
Third Congress, forty-three thousand dollars.
For deficiency in the estimates heretofore sub-
mitted for the printing of the second session of
the Thirty-Third Congress, ten thousand dollars.
For rent of wareroom for the year- ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
two hundred and fifty dollars.
For cartage and labor in storing and transport-
ation of paper from wareroom and office of su-
perintendent to the offices of the public printers,
five hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation to draughtsman and clerks
employed upon the maps of the public lands,
under the resolution of the House of Representa-
tives of fourth of May, eighteen hundred and
forty-eight, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For the collection of agricultural statistics, and
the procurement and distribution of cuttings and
seeds, twenty-five thousand dollars, to be paid
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
For compensation of the warden, clerk, phy-
sician, chaplain, assistant keepers, guards, and
porter, of the penitentiary of the District of Co-
lumbia, eight thousand six hundred dollars.
For compensation of three inspectors of said
penitentiary, three hundred dollars.
For the support and maintenance of said peni-
tentiary, two thousand eight hundred and eighty-
five dollars.
