mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
poured out upon it, Missouri may be swept from
the map of southern States, is it not something
for a southern man to go to the rescue of that
border sister of ours? I do not say that will be
the fact; but I am very much inclined to think
that the operation' of this bill, if it shall become a
law, will be such that the territorial government
will pass no statute upon the subject of slavery,
one way or the other. I think it will continue to
be a neutral territory—neither slavery pouring into
it, nor free-soilism. and fanaticism rolling their
waves upon Missouri. 1 am inclined to think it
will retain its true position, if it maintains any-
thing like discretion—the position of neutrality—
being neither one way nor the other. 1 am satis-
fied that the Territorial Legislature, after we have
sponged out this line, will not pass any law upon
the subject. Do you suppose that any Territorial
Legislature will pass a law to exclude or ex-
pressly to admit slavery? It would be a suicidal
act on the part of the Legislature, and they are
not going to commit such an act of folly. No,
sir, they will leave it to be settled by American
citizens, without regard to whether they own or
do not own slaves. That will be the operation of
the bill, in my opinion; and I say that to my
southern friends, and to my southern associates
who are disposed to act with us upon this subject.
Now, sir, is there not something due from the
South ? Ought they not cordially to give up much
in order to concur in the deliberate judgment of a
portion of our northwestern and northern friends,
who have come forward amidst perils among
which we have never trod, to do us justice r Sir,
I would go very far to stand by them. I will be
the last to desert them. I will stand by them be-
cause 1 believe they are right. I will stand by
them because they have intrepidly assumed the
position of justice, with the proscription of an un-
calculating fanaticism over their heads. Some-
thing is due to them, and I will stand by them.
But there is another remark which I wish to
make. I was not in the Chamber at the time when
the honorable Senator from Michigan claimed the
passage of this bill as a triumph of what is called
the inherent right of the people of a Territory to
invest themselves with a government. He claims
this, 1 understand, upon the broad ground that
they can assume upon themselves such rights
"whenever they may think that a proper case to
do so arises.
Mr. CASS. Does the honorable Senator lay
that down as my doctrine ? It is not so at all.
Mr. BUTLER. Then I do not know what it
is.
Mr. CASS. The gentleman attributes that
doctrine to me. I never laid it down at all.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not wish to do the Sen-
ator injustice.
Mr. CASS. I know the Senator does not.
Mr. BtFTLER. Certainly not.
Mr. CASS. My doctrine is simply the doc-
trine of our revolutionary fathers. 1 do not. deny
the power of Congress, aa a matter of necessity,
to prescribe a form of government for the Territo-
ries; but the moment they do so, then comes in
the inherent right of the people to regulate their
internal affairs for themselves This is precisely
the ground which our revolutionary fathers took,
I do not wish to argue this question now, and 1
have not the strength to do so if I would; but 1
repeat, what I said on a former occasion, that
there may be a difference of opinion, and a very
rightful one, as to how far ,'such powers of le-
gislation may go. As the honoiuble Senator
from North Carolina has said, under our legisla-
tion, at one time, a Governor and three judges were
authorized to govern a Territory. We did have
such a regulation, but I think it was all wrong.
Better ideas have now begun to prevail, and we
have a more definite idea than we had formerly of
how far we may properly go.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 would be the last, to do in-
justice to the distinguished Senator from Michi-
gan; but allow me to say, although a younger man
than he is, though I do not know that the world
will think so, that I think it was outside the record,
and contradicted by the record, when he assumed
that this bill either recognized or countenanced
that species of sovereignty which, in his own lan-
guage, he has described, and which 1 will not un-
dertake to explain. So far from being so, the bill
is a recognition of the fact that Congress has the
original and exclusive authority upon the subject
of territorial governments, and that a territorial
government can take—mark the word, I use it as
a lawyer—no more than Congress may give, and
that Congress can give no more than is conferra-
ble by the Constitution of the United States. So
that, if upon this occasion, Congress has thought
proper to part with a great deal of the original and
exclusive power which it once had, and to con-
fer it upon the territorial government as a mere
deputy, it has been an act of discretion entirely.
It is not what the people of the Territory could
enact; it is not what they could demand; it is not
what they had any right to demand.
Now, $ir, as my friend from North Carolina
has said, I would deal differently with different
Territories, according to the people that were on
them. Suppose we were to acquire the Sandwich
Islands to-morrow; do you think that I, as a rep-
resentative from South Carolina, or as a represent-
ative of the American mind, would delegate to
those colored people,the Sandwich Island people,
(who know nothing of the common law, nothing
of those principles of Magna Charta which infuse
themselves into the English mind,) the powers
which I have agreed to give in this bill to Ameri-
can citizens, conducting the operations'of Govern-
ment, under the sanction of the sacred and recog-
nized principles of the common law? Not at all,
sir. 1 will give these powers in this case because
it is prudent and proper. I will givethem to those
who, understanding the great principle of Ameri-
can institutions, will impress it upon the statutes of
the Territory, until it shall assume such a position
as will enable it to comeinto the Union as an equal
State; but I am not going to deal so with all other
Territories. I will deal so with this because, if you
will allow me to say so, I know that Kentucky,
Missouri, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, and, in
part, South Carolina, have mingled their judg-
ments in the population of Missouri; and that will
be a judgment which is likely to prevail in thelaws
of these Territories. Sir, the mingled opinions of
the citizens living in and beyond Missouri will
carry out that judgment in the territorial laws of
these Territoiies, and 1 believe they will be just.
There are a great many from the North who will
go into these Territories. I have seen some of
them; they are men who are capable, before leav-
ing home, of lifting themselves above the preju-
dices which prevail there; or who have left home
with a view to take a fair position in reference to
this matter.
I wished to make, these explanations, and to
lay down the proposition that the honoroble Sen-
ator from North Carolina has not changed the
legal character of the bill. I affirm that it leaves
the Territory on this subject as a tabula rasa, upon
which the American mind is to make an impres-
sion, and for which it is to form laws. I say,
further, that there is no probability of interference
one way or the other with the institution of
slavery until Kansas, and until Nebraska shall
assume the position, and be ready to perform the
responsible duties of States. 1 lay down, further-
more, the proposition that there is no recognition
by the bill of any power in the people of a Terri-
tory to govern, except what we confer upon them
under the powers which we ourselves have under }
the Constitution of the United States. !
If there should be any question made as to the !
i right of a negro or slave to his freedom, to his !
| emancipation, the issue would be m this way: )
j "You demand your freedom?" "Ido." "Upon!
! what ground ?" "On the ground that 1 am in the
| territory of the United States, the common prop-
j erty of all the States." What would be the reply?
{ If the reply were worth anything, it would be
I this: the owner would say, " I hold my property
| by a tenure higher than any legal enactment
I which can be made of a local character to exclude
j! me. I hold under the Constitution of the coun-
|i try." , That is the ground which sve have taken,
f But, sir, the sooner that we learn there is to be a
I discrimination with regard to the enjoyment of
[i the Territories, that there is to be a mark of me-
|| quality, independently of the Missouri line, by
the adjudication of a court responding to the doc-
i! trine of popular sovereignty, or the fanatical sen-
timent which is infusing itself into the country—
the sooner we know this the better. I make no
threats. Mr. President, you will bearme witness
j; that I have never made any.
;i In all literature, in history, in poetry, and in
jj the Scriptures themselves, the crow of the cock
has been used as highly illustrative and indicative
language. The game cock, when he stands in
the presence of his adversary, gives forth a note
of defiance, inspired by the danger and the excite-
ment of the contest, and animates him to move on
upon the path of peril to victory or death. But
how different, sir, is the clarion note of the chan-
ticleer, when he proclaims to us thecoming of day.
It is as different a note as anger is from peace.
It is the note of intelligence, of hope, of peace.
I say, sir, that if this bill shall pass, and shall
be acquiesced in cordially by all sections of the
Union, it will be the note of a bird of good omen.
It will be the clarion note of the chanticleer, pro-
claiming to the South that light is dawning upon
her;  it will proclaim peace to all sections—a
peace to which we can honorably be reconciled.
If, however, these northern gentlemen shall let
loose the waters of agitation, I will change the
figure. If they will continue to fan the torch
which has been lighted by discord, I do not know
how soon the note may be changed to that of the
proud bird to which I have alluded.
Mr. President, I have said more than I intended,
but allow me to add a few words more. What a
spectacle will the United States exhibit at this
crisis, and at this eventful period of the world's
history? Sir, at a time when a war is likely to
take place at the East which may mark'the age;
at a time when a war may take place to change
the whole character of European power, shall we
exhibit to the world these evidences of weakness
and distraction ? It may be out of place for me
to say a word upon this matter; but I must say,
that I do not' think the United States are likely to
be in any danger so long as war is going on>
because we may maintain the position and the
safety of a neutral; butl willmakethis prediction:
If Russia shall be crushed as a power in Europe
by the combination of France and England, the
termination of that war will place France and
England in a position to induce them to interfere
with American affairs. They will come out of
that war, if they shall crush Russia, with triumph-
ant armies, accustomed to war and victory, with-
out bread, without clothes, and it will be an easy
decision for them to
" Cry Havoc, and let slip the dogs of war "
upon our southern islands, for 1 call them ours.
Perhaps the blood around those islands, in the
sea-fights which will take place, will be the lan-
guage in which to write its history. But, sirs,
these are matters not pertaining to this subject,
and i shall not notice them further. I thank the
Senate for having allowed me to make these re-
marks.
[Mr. Mason addressed the Senate in remarks
which he withheld for revision, and have not been
returned. "When received they will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. BROWN. The honorable Senator from
Noith Carolina having felt it his duty to give to
the Senate and the country the reasons which in-
fluenced him, and which, in his opinion, justified
him in moving the proviso when the Nebraska
bill was under consideration, and the two distin-
guished Senators from South Carolina and Vir-
ginia having justified themselves before the Senate
and the country in voting for that proviso, I wish
to say a word in justification of myself for having
voted against it.
I was one of five southern men who recorded
their votes against that proviso; and though I had
stood alone in the Senate, I should have voted
against it. When I was called upon first to vote
for the Nebraska bill I understood that its only
dealing with the Missouri compromise was to
repeal it. And the reason given for that repeal
was, as I understood it, that originally it had been
passed in violation of the Constitution, and m dero-
gation of the rights of the southern people. This
being so, a returning sense of justice, as I sup-
posed, had induced our northern brethren to come
forward to strike it from the statute-book. That,
I understood, to be what Congress was called upon
to do, and all that it was expected to do. If that
had been done, and nothing more, we should, in
my judgment, have been restored to the position
which we occupied before the passage of the Mis-
souri act. Upon what ground does the South
claim its repeal, and upon what ground is it con-
ceded to us, let me ask honorable gentlemen ? We
claim its repeal because originally, as I said before,
