1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1401
I tell gentlemen around me that these are but a
small sample of the evils which grow out of the
practice of assigning them to civil duties. These
evils are a mine in which it would be well for
the country if members of Congress would bur-
row a little more. They will find greater latitude
taken by these men in the discharge of their du-
ties than is allowed by any other Government in
the world, having any pretensions to be governed
by the restraints of law.
#Sir, the recent falling of the Little Palls bridge
is another example of the bad management of mil-
itary officers in charge of civil works. How the
bridge fell, and what caused it, is well known.
But I wish to refer to the money expended. We
were asked to appropriate $50,000 for that work.
We gave $30,000, and $5,700 was borrowed from
the corpoiation of Georgetown, all of which is
expended; $12,000 was paid to the contractor for
the iron work of the bridge, every cent of which is
lost; and what is left for the other $23,000?
Nothing but two stone piers, containing, according
to the statement of the engineer, two thousand
perches of masonry, includingalittle patching on
the Virginia abutment! Now, according to my
calculations, this masonry, which ought not to have
cost more than five or six dollars per perch, has
cost the Government more than eleven, without
taking into consideration the §12,000 lost by the
faliingof the bridge. The engineer, however, esti-
mates the cost at eight dollars per perch, but does
not embrace any of the expenses for tools, scaf-
folding, and other objects connected with the
work. These engineers have their own way of
arriving at the cost of work. It is like the prac-
tice which prevails at the armories, by which
they are enabled to show wonderful economy In
the cost of the arms fabricated. It is something
like this: they count the labor and materials, and
such other items as they choose to make an ele-
ment in the calculation, but take no accountof the
immense sums expended for handsome residences,
(one of which is said to have cost not less than
$50,000,) beautifully improved grounds, and other
objects not less extravagant, and for which the Gov-
ernmentappropriates money every year. Oh, no!
These do not enter into the cost of manufacture.
44 They are supposed to be worth their cost."
And so it is with the engineers. Money expended
in buying oxen, procuring facilities for executing
the work, superintendence, mileage, &c., are not
taken into the estimate of cost, although the Gov-
ernment pays it.
While these engineers are thus employed upon
works for which they have little or no qualification,
to the extent of two thirds of their whole corps,
Congress is appealed to, to increase their num-
bers—and for what purpose? If those employed
in civil service are needed in the duties belonging
rightfully to their profession, why not dismiss
them from civil employment, and restore them to
their military occupations? The Senate has
passed a bill, which is in this House, providing
for sixty-two new cadets, to be appointed by the
Senators from each State, and intended for the
Engineer Corps. It can'not be possible that, under
the existing state of things, this body will give
its sanction to such a measure. The members of
the committee, if they .will take the trouble to
examine the testimony before the select commit-
tee, will see names of the officers engaged upon
civil works, and the respective positions which
they occupy.
H is said these officers get no extra pay while
in civil service—that the positions are not agree-
able to them, and they would rather be employed
in military service. Sir, it may be that ail do not
receive additional pay; but some of them do; and
I cannot be convinced that they prefer other sta-
tions. They cling with too much tenacity to their
comfortable places. They fight to retain them
with too much ferocity for me to believe any such
thing. It would be an easy matter for them to
be relieved, if the positions were a burden, by
inducing their friends in Congress to vote with me
to forbid by law their employment in civil service
hereafter, while they remain in the Army.
Captain Beauregard, an engineer officer, is in
charge of the construction of the New Orleans cus-
tom-house. A law of Congreesprovided, that if a
military officer should be appointed to that ser-
vice, he was to have $3,000 salary, less his regu-
lar pay, which was $600. His allowances for
fuel, quarters, servants, horses, forage, subsist-
ence, &c., which, Ihave no doubt, amount to three
or four times his regular pay, are not deducted. I
venture to say, that Captain Beauregard, instead
of receiving $3,000, less $600, receives in all
nearer $5,000. No wonder, sir, these officers are
sensitive about their positions. But this is not
all. The engineer who is in charge of the Capi-
tol has alsounder his superintendence the construc-
tion of the aqueduct, and a little fort somewhere
in the northern part of New York. I cannot tell
why this fort is hung on to him, or him to the fort,
unless it enables him to travel occasionally at the
rate of ten cents per mile, or affords him some
other allowance. He certainly has his hands full
here, and can give but little attention to the fort.
I have investigated the facts in relation to the
allowances to Colonel Ripley, in command at the
Springfield armory;and his pay for transportation
from place to place amounts to a good round sum.
His pay proper, for a period of about twelve years
at the armory, amounts to $8,786, while the total
sum he received in the shape of allowances of va-
rious kinds, exclusive of this, is not less than
$25,000. While his subsistence allowance was
only $3,565 60 for this period, his longevity ra-
tions—one additional ration for every five years'
service—are set doww at $5,418 60. Such, sir, is
the way in which these allowances are eked out.
Now, sir, Captain Beauregard, of New Orleans,
has not only the custom-house there to superin-
tend, but he has several works of river and harbor
improvements under his charge, and several mili-
tary works. If allowed transportation while cir-
culating between these points, his pay may be
increased greatly beyond what I have estimated.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana, Will the gen-
tleman from Kentucky allow me to sajra word
or two here?
Mr. STANTON. Most certainly.
Mr. PERKINS. The officer of whom the gen-
tleman from Kentucky speaks is known to me by
character as a gentleman. He is known to me
also as a very efficient—as one of the most efficient j
—agents the Government has ever had in the posi- !
tion which he occupies. And I should ask the \
gentleman from Kentucky—although he may not
intend these remarks of his to be statements of facts i
—to forbear making suggestions in regard to him !
from which, in the minds of others, inferences !
may be deduced which he would not wish to aver
as facts, and yet which will be received as such.
Now, sir, my reason for interrupting the gen-
tleman in the first instance, was the absence of the
gentleman [Mr. Craig] who is at the head of the
Committee on Public Buildings, and who is partic-
ularly informed upon the subject—and perhaps, as
the gentleman has said, he is the only one, except
himself, who is thoroughly informed upon the
subject. I know that gentleman, and I have often
had conversations with him upon the subject, and
his views are directly opposed to those which the
gentleman has uttered. He holds the position
of chairman of the committee, which the gen-
tleman held last session. His sources of inform-
ation are the same with those of the gentleman
from Kentucky, and 1 ask the gentleman to for-
bear statements, which may not be intended as i
facts, but mere opinions, but which will have all ;
the weight, before the country, as if they were j
statements made by the chairman of the commit- 1
tee, and also of the special committee, which !
has had these things under examination. ft is |
known, also, that witnesses summoned before the '
committee have been examined under oath. I 1
interrupted the gentleman before, because I could !
not discriminate between what he stated upon his :
own authority and that which he intended to j
state as the result of that investigation. I bep: the j
gentleman's pardon, and that of the committee,:
for interrupting him; but the allusion which he j
made to Captain Beauregard gave me the occasion, '
which I was happy to embrace. 1
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not understand very !
fully the allusion of the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Stanton] to the superintendent at New Or- j
leans, and I think it doubtful whether the com- '
mittee understood it differently from myself. The j
law upon the subject, which, I suppose, is the law !
which governs the case, I will read: {
" For continuing the construction of the custom-house at '
New Orleans, Louisiana, $150,000, subject to the Jimita- '
tions and restrictions imposed on the appropriation made !
for the same object at the last session of Congte-p: Pio- ;
vidcd. That in case the superintendeney of the building be ;
confided toan officer detailed from theCorpsofTopograph- j|
ical Engineers, the acting architect be dispensed with, and
the said superintendent allowed a compensation not ex-
ceeding eight dollars a day."
I did not understand the gentleman as stating it
in that way. I understood him to state that he
was to have an amount not exceeding §3,000, de-
ducting his compensation as officer.
Mr. STANTON. Is there not another law?
Mr. HOCJSfON. The law of the second ses-
sion of last Congress is:
" For continuing the construction of the custom-bouse at
New Orleans, Louisiana, $324,000, subject to the limitations
and restrictions imposed on th i appropriations made tor the
same object, at the second session of the last Congress, as re-
specting the plan upon which the building is to be erected."
Mr. STANTON. Is there nothing said there
about the salary of the officer?
Mr. HOUSTON. There is not.
Mr. STANTON. I may be mistaken; but ifl
am, I was led into the error by the statement
made by the Secretary of War, or by some one
of his officers, in which it is stated that his salary
is $3,000, less the $600.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not say that the gen-
tleman is mistaken, but that is my impression.
Mr. STA NTON. Eight dollars a day is about
$3,000 per annum.
Mr. HOUSTON. True, but here is no deduc-
tion. The statement of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky went to show that the Government, or the
Administration—whichever it was—was deduct-
ing a compensation clearly below the point in-
tended by Congress. If the compensation of the
officer was to be deducted from; $3,000, I sup-
pose it would include the entire compensation,
his rations, servant hire, horses, and everything;
whereas, I understand the gentleman to say that
the compensation deducted from §3,000 is only his
pay proper as an officer in the Army.
Mr. STANTON. I may be mistaken as to the
allowance made by law to this officer; and if so,
I will most cheerfully correct it. I have the let-
ter of the Secretary of the Treasury, m which he
refers to it, and by which I find that he receives
the full amount of pay allowed by the act, eight
dollars per day, and his Army pay and allow-
ances in addition. In reply to the honorable gen-
tleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Perkins,] I have to
say, that I have not the slightest disposition to do
Captain Beauregard injustice. If he had heard
my remarks, he would recollect that 1 professed
only to have investigated critically the allowances
made to Colonel Ripley, and not those made to
Captain Beauregard. 1 have no idea that any of
these officers are in receipt of one cent more than
they are legally entitled to under our miserable
system of laws.
Mr. PERKINS. It was because I did hear
that remark, that I desired the gentleman to for-
bear remarks which would be taken as statements
of facts, and not mere suggestions.
Mr. STANTON. Certainly not. I have stated
as facts nothing but what are facts, and there are
enough actual existing abuses under the system
against which I am speaking to answer my pur-
pose, without traveling beyond what I know, or
are pioved, to be facts. But 1 have spoken, much
longer than 1 had intended, and, indeed, have not
much more to say. Popular sentiment is aroused
upon this subject, and the time has come for Con-
gress to interiere and break up the objectionable
sys'.em, I am well convinced that the practice of
placing military men over the citizen mechanics
is odious not only to them, but to a large majority
of other citizens. But few mechanics who are
employed under military officers are satisfied with
the practice. If all do not complain, it is only
because complaint is regarded as insubordination,
to be met with punishment by dismissal. Military
men claim the right to act in such cases without
question, and there is no appeal from their decis-
ion. To remonstrate would be discontent, in
military language, while in American workshops
it would only be the exercise of a civil right.
Hardships of great enormity are put upon the
workmen at the armories, which would not go
unredressed in civil life. It is in proof before the
committee, that at Harper's Ferry the command-
ant was in the habit of depriving the workmen of
a portion of their hard-earned wages, in the most
arbitrary and cruel manner. The wages of piece
workmen were regulated by fixed tariffs of prices,
and the men earned much or liule, as their industry
and capacity would enable them But, at the end
