69*2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
Sir, I forbear to notice other remarks made in
this desultory and irregular debate—not merely
because.there is no question before the Senate, but
because 1 have met them in the debate on the bill,
and think it unnecessary to reply to them again.
I know that northern and southern men put dif-
ferent constructions on this bill to suit the latitude
of their residence; and I have no desire to em-
barrass them by any further observations.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, it is known
that while this subject was under discussion, be-
fore the passage of the bill, I forebore to discuss
its general features. I do not intend to do it now,
further than to meet some suggestions which have
been thrown out by Senators this morning.
I am prepared to agree generally with the re-
marks made by the Senator from North Carolina,
that the probable interpretation of the bill, before
the#doptton of the amendment which he offered,
would have been the same that it would be now.
1 am not prepared to say, however, that that would
certainly be the case. I think that Senators lay
down that proposition a little too strongly. I
think there was room for debate. Therecertainly
was room for a difference of opinion; for since the
bill passed theSenate, we have seen certain south-
ern presses denounce it as good for nothing1 to
the South, because of the adoption of that amend-
ment, and another which was offered by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] taking away
the revising power of Congress over the legisla-
tion of theTerritories. It is known, at least here,
that the amendment which was offered by the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, was that amendment
which I drew, and which 1 had declared must in
substance be appended to the bill, or I could not
consent.to vote for it. It was not so much because,
as I say, I should have made any difference my-
self as a lawyer in the interpretation of the bill,
as it stood and as amended, as that it left it a mat*
terof opinion as it stood. I stated then, what I
repeat now, that whatever controversy is to grow
out of that question, is to be looked for in the
Northern States, and not in the South; and, sir,
that controversy there should not rent upon the
construction of the bill so far as opinion merely
might go; for when one gentleman takes the stump
against you and asserts an'opinion which is antag-
onistic with yours, he wiil claim, what every man
has a right to claim, that his opinion is as good as
yours. Therefore i insisted, and I beg to refer to
it now, because some gentlemen thought it was a
threat upon my part, though nothing could be
further from my thought—for it would not have
altered the fate of the bill if I had voted tigamstit
—that if southern gentlemen should claim that
this controversy ahould again come up in the
North, we should have no two interpretations to
the bill ; that we should meet the question as it
was said here it was intended to be met, confer-
ring upon theTerritoiial Legislature all the power
which we possess over that question. There I
was willing to meet it if it became necessary.
There, 1 think, with all respect to the opinions of
others, it can be met, and met successfully.
Now, sir, I cannotacquiesce precisely. I never
did, and I do not now, in the belief that this meas-
ure was brought forward as a northern measure.
That it ultimately assumed that phase I admit;
but I never heard of it until it was brought in here
in that bill. I have never seen that northern man
who could tell me that he was consulted about it;
and I have inquired of some southern gentlemen,
and I have not found any from that quarter who
were consulted about it. I never believed it was
wise to bring it here. I never believed any good
could grow out of it. I met it, so far as my action
and vote were concerned, as a measure brought
here without any action of mine—a measure for
which nobody was responsible except the com-
mittee who introduced it, to be acted upon like
any other measure before the Senate, let the con-
sequences be what they might.
Mr. President, I ask the attention of the Sen-
ate while I state, in a few words, the greatest fear
I have ever entertained in consequence of the in-
troduction of the measure, and the fear that 1 still
entertain, though I hope it will prove to be a
groundless fear.
Under our institutions, whenever a sectional dif-
ficulty has arisen, and whenever any sectional
difficulty shall hereafter arise, the only way known
among men by which to settle that difficulty has
been, and will be, by $ compromise of opinion.
That wasitrue when the Missouri restriction, as
it is termed, was adopted. That was eminently
true in 1833, when a difference of opinion, sec-
tional in its character, grew up upon the tariff
question. I never shall forget the effect that was
produced upon me by reading the language of
Henry Clay, when he came forward as one of the
three great compromisers at that time. I do not
know that I can recite it verbatim; but I can tell
it in substance. It is as fixed upon my mind as
that great assertion in Genesis: "God said, let
there be light; and there was light." He said he
wished to see no desolated towns, no sacked cities,
no fields of American blood shed by American
! arms. Now, sir, in 1850, when this Union of
States rocked to the very center, the patriots of the
land again shook hands together upon a compro-
mise of opinion. I have hesitated,! hesitated upon
this bill, to repeal the Missouri compromise, for
fear that whenever an occasion should arise in the
future, when the Union of these States should be
again in danger, if we had done aught which should
shake the confidence of the American people ip
the sanctity,.the utility, and the permanency of
compromises, we might have laid the very germ
which should terminate the existence of the Union.
But, sir, I finally yielded all that, because other
gentlemen around me, in whose opinions I was
bound to entertain confidence, seemed to differ
from me in opinion. Now let me suggest a word
or two upon this doctrine of principle.
I may-say that the language contained in this
bill never had much force with me as asserting a
principle. There is no principle asserted in a
compromise. You agree to lay down the princi-
ples by which you have respectively been bound
heretofore, and to do a solitary act. Therefore,
there was nothing in the compromise of 1850
which it could be S&id, with accuracy, conflicted
with the compromise of 18^20; and, sir, i venture
the prediction, that much as this bill now seems
to demonstrate this as a principle, the years are
very few, m the future, in winch will be developed
to us an occasion when we shall have territory
that we shall be obliged to legislate for from the
beginning to the end of the chapter. Time will
bring to us acquisitions from the South of a people
who not only know nothing of our institutions
and laws, but have an inbred and traditionary
hostile feeling towards us and them. We shall
make these acquisitions. I say we shall make
them because they are written m the divine law,
which is irresistible. Having made them, we
shall get a people that we shall be compelled to
legislate for; and, so far as my action may go upon
the subject, I intend to save my views on the right
to legislate. 'The question of power 1 never yet
have discussed; and I never mean to discuss it
until the question shall arise when it shall be
strictly involved. What did we agree to do in this
bill, so far as the action of the Senate is concerned'
In my humble judgment we agreed to do this:
We agreed to leave this whole question of slavery
to the'people of the Territories, that they might
legislate over it as over all others, according to
their own will and pleasure. I thought that it was
a ground upon which men might meet,and shake
hands, and agree. I think so now. It establishes
a principle, so far as it relates to these two Terri-
tories. It establishes that principle no further.
Mr. President, in my humble judgment, and it
is only the judgment of an individual, you can
establish no other principle than this: that Con-
gress shall do, from time to time, whatever it
shall become necessary to do in respect to the
Territories which you hold. That doctrine of
necessity is to be determined by members of Con-
gress themselves, and has no other limit, there-
fore, than the judgment of each Congress may
dictate. Why, sir, there was not a section in
this bill that I should have voted for if I had be-
lieved that the Constitution did not confer the
power to legislate for the Territories; and for the
very plain reason that there is not any necessity
for a government there at all. Then, again, there
are provisions in the bill viral in their character
respecting the rights of the people to legislate.
There is a provision which stands in it now by
which Congress declares that the Legislature of the
Territory shall not levy any taxes upon non-
residents greater than they levy upon residents.
There is a direct interference in one of the very
things for which our forefathers in the Revolution
fought. There are others which might be men-
tioned; but, as I say, there was no necessity, and
therefore, adopting the rule of necessity for con-
gressional action, there was no need of acting at
all.
The Senators from North Carolina and South
Carolina have sought to show what will be the
effect of this bill. I v/ish to say a word or two
only upon that subject, and I shall have done.
The reason why I was willing to meet the issue
again, unnecessary as I thought it was, and make
another agreement so far as my vote went, was
this: I believe that the laws of population are such
that there will be ten occupants of these Territo-
ries from northern States to one from the slave-
holding with his slaves. Why do I believe it?
Why,'one hundred men of the northern States,
young men, without any real estate, without any
property in the world, except five hundred or one
thousand dollars', which they have in money, can
make up their minds at night that they will go to
Kansas and Nebraska, and can start the next
morning after breakfast, and go; there is no im-
pediment, and they will go; but a man who is a
slave owner in a southern State has got a pretty
large business on hand; in the first place to so
shape his property as to getready togo; and when
he has done all that, he knows as vvelias anybody
can tell him that he is subjecting the tenure of that
property to the legislation of the people who are
there, and it is a hazardous business, it is a haz-
ardous property to move anywhere.
Therefore it is, without assigning other reasons,
that I come to the conclusion that the laws of pop-
ulation, as they have donefrom time immemorial,
will continue to act upon these Territories, and the -
population there will be at least ten to one from
non-slaveholding States, and that Kansas and Ne-
braska, by the irresistible lawof population, based
upon the nature of man and his business, when-
ever they come into this Union will come in as
non-slaveholding States. That was my belief;
that is my belief now.
The memorials were then ordered to lie upon
the table.
EXECUTIVE SESSION".
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 21, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to present the memorial
of the Maryland Institute for the promotion of the
Mechanical Arts, in which they suggest that having
understood that the Government of Great Britain
are about to alter their law in reference to coinage,
and adopt the decimal instead of the present sys-
tem, it would be of great commercial importance
that the two countries should agree upon some
identical coin, so that it would pass in the United
States anG in England without regard to the place
in which it had been coined. I have also a me-
morial of the American Philosophical Society of
Philadelphia upon the same subject. I will ask
the refeience of the two memorials to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
They were so referred.
Mr. PRATT also presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Maryland residing near the city of Wash-
ington, praying that the Columbia turnpike road,
over which they bring their produce to that city,
may be made free; which was referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia. ^
Mr. FISH presented a memorial of the Chamber
of Commerce of the city of New York, praying
Congress to enact suitable laws to provide for the
establishment of naval schools for the education
and training of seamen for the merchant marine
and the Navyof the United States;which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a memorial of the society of Universal
Democratic Republicanism, praying the Govern-
ment of the United States to intervene on behalf of
Frederick T. Weichel,who has been illegally im-
prisoned in Saxony and Bremen; and also, to enact
laws for the better protection of naturalized citi-
zens of the United States, and those who have de-
