1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1403
on the subject of a railroad to the Pacific, and or-
dered to be printed.
REPORTS FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Samuel
Crapin, praying to be allowed arrears of pension,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Scituate,
Massachusetts, praying that a pension may be
granted to Josiah Mann, in consideration of his
services as a seaman in the Navy during the late
war with Great Britain, submitted an adverse re-
port thereon, which was ordered to be printed.
NEW POST ROUTES.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following resolu-
tion for considerations which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Stony Toint to William Al-
len's, m Livingston parish, Louisiana, from thence by way
of Duncan Blue and Edwaid Stamp's, to Springfield, in
said parish of Livingston ; and also a post route from Baton
Rouge, by way of Robeit Huston's, in Livingston par^h,
Coelk post office, the French settlement and Bayou Barbary
post office, to Springfield.
REBECCA J. BIRDSALL.
Mr. RUSK. The Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, to whom was referred the me-
morial of Rebecca J. Birdsall, have instructed me
to report a joint resolution for her relief. 1 ask for
its consideration now as it is but a small matter
which will involve no debate.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time by unanimous consent, and consideied as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Postmaster General to
cause to be paid to Mrs. Birdsall, widow of Ira
Bndsall, deceased, late mail agent for the United
States, the balance of pay for the current year's
service, to which her late husband would have
been entitled if he had lived.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read a third time, and passed.
TEXAS DEBT.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I have been
instructed by the Committee on Finance, to whom
were referred several memorials on the subject,
and also a bill to provide for the payment of cer-
tain creditors of the late Republic of Texas, to
report that bill back to the Senate with an amend-
ment, which I send to the Chair. I beg leave to
say that the amendment which the committee
recommends, in fact as a substitute for the bill
referred to them, is not such a one as commands
my entire approbation, but it was the only bill
which the committee were enabled to agree upon,
and it, at all events, furnishes the groundwork for
such a bill as may be satisfactory to the Senate,
and as may do justice to all the parties concerned.
WILLIAM DUER.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, to whom was referred
the petition of William Duer, to submit a report
upon the ca^e, accompanied by a bill for his relief.
I ask that the bill be now put upon its passage. 1
think there can be no objection to it.
The bill was read a first and second time by
unanimous consent, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It is designed to direct the
Secretary of State to audit, settle, and adjust an
account of the expenses incurred by William
Duer, while consul of the United States at the
port of Valparaiso, in Chili, during the year 1852,
in the support and defense of William N. Stuart,
an American citizen, arrested and arraigned before
the courts of Chili upon a charge of murder, and
for the transportation of Stuart to the United
States after his release, together with an equitable
advance upon the amount thus ascertained for the
use of the money during the interval.
Mr. WELLER. I move to amend the bill by
inserting the words ''necessary actual," before
the words " expenses," so as to provide for the
.payment of the 44 necessary actual expenses in-
curred."
Mr. SLIDELL. I have no objection to the
amendment suggested by the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, and the amend- f
ment was concurred in. The bill was ordered to |
be engrossed for a third reading, read a third time, |
and passed. The report of the committee was
ordered to be printed.
CHIPPEWA INDIANS.
On-the motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill from the House to provide for the
extinguishment of the title of the Chippewa In-
dians to the lands owned and claimed by them in
the Territory of Minnesota and State of Wiscon-
sin, and for their domestication and civilization.
It proposes to authorize the President to cause
negotiations to be entered into with the Chippewa
Indians, for the extinguishment of their title to all
the lands owned and claimed by them in the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota and State of Wisconsin. The
treaties are to contain the following provisions,and
such others as may be requisite and proper to
carry them into effect:
First. Granting to each head of a family in fee- 1
simple a reservation of eighty acres of land, to be
selected in the territory ceded, so soon as surveys
shall be completed, by those entitled, which res-
ervation shall be patented by the President of the
United States, and the patent shall expressly de-
clare that the lands shall not be alienated or leased
by the reservees, or their heirs and legal repre-
sentatives, until otherwise ordered by Congress,
and no change of location shall be made without
the assent of the President of the United States.
Second. The annuities to which the lndiansare ;
entitled under existing treaties, with the consent
of the Indians, together with such as may be
allowed them for the cession or cessions under the
provisions of the act, shall be equally distributed
and paid them at their villages or settlements
within the limits of the ceded temtory^butjhe
President shall be invested with power to cause
the annuities to be commuted, from time to time,
for such articles of goods, provisions, stock, cattle,
implements of agriculture, the clearing and fencing
of land, and the erection of buildings and other
improvements, as in his discretion will conduce
most to promote their comfort, civilization, and
permanent welfare.
Third. All the benefits and privileges granted
to the Indians shall be extended to and enjoyed by
the mixed bloods belonging to or connected with
the tribe, and who shall permanently reside on the
ceded lands.
Fourth. The laws of the United States and the
Territory of Minnesota shall be extended over
the Chippewa territory wheneverit maybe ceded,
and the same shall cease to be " Indian country,"
except that the lands reserved to the Indians, or
other property owned by them, shall be exempt
from taxation and execution, and that the act
passed June 30, 1834, "to regulate trade and
intercourse with the Indian tribes," &c., he in-
operative over the ceded territory, except the
twentieth section, which prohibits the introduction
and Hale of spirituous liquors to Indians
Fifth. The President shall have power to pre-
scribe and enfoi ce such rules and regulations, not
inconsistent with the provisions of the bil), as he
may deem necessary for the effectual execution of
the purposes of the act, which rules and regula-
tions shall be annually reported to Congress.
For the purpose of defraying the expenses of
the negotiations, the sum of §10,000 is proposed
to be appropriated.
Mr. PEARCE. I should be glad to know from
the chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
the extent of tenitory which is proposed to be
negotiated for, or what is the extent of lands
held by these Indians. I should also like to know
how much will be required to be reserved to them
by the treaty which is thus authorized, and fur-
ther what is the amount acquired by our last nego-
tiations. I think we acquired some lands from
them a year or two since.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I did not hear distinctly
the questions of the honorable Senator, but 1 am
unable to state exactly the amount of lands which
is now claimed by the Chippewa Indians in the
State of Wisconsin and in the Territory of Min-
nesota. The amount claimed is very large, em-
bracing mineral country around Lake Superior.
The object of the bill is to open to settlement the
country, which is very valuable for its varied min-
eral resources. The proposition does not design
toremovethe Indians at all. The idea is to obtain
the whole of our national domain there, and it is
very large. Perhaps the Senators from Wiscon-
sin can give more definite information as to the
amount of land owned by the Indians, and which
the bill proposes to procure to be ceded.
The terms of the bill require the President to
secure a reservation of about eighty acres to each
head of a family upon the ceded territory, so
that there will not be a necessity for the removal
of any portion of the tribe, nor will any expenses
be entailed on the Government in consequence of
the treaty. It secures to them all that is necessary
for the permanent residence and accommodation
of the Indian population, and throws the balance
of the country open to settlement.
I believe 1 have now answered the questions of
the Senator as far as I am able to understand him.
I suppose the amount owned by the Indians is
probably seven millions of acres, and m conse-
quence of its being secured by treaty, the whole
of it is excluded from settlement. It is very desir-
able that it should be opened, for it contains a
great many copper mines around the lake.
Mr. PEARCE. I have not heard the bill read
distinctly, but it seems to me there is something
unusual in it. I do not recollect that we have
been in the habit of passing bills, m which we
provide that the Executive shall open negotia-
tions, and also stipulate the terms of those nego-
tiations. It rather seems to me that a legislative
act of that sort is somewhat an interference with
the treaty-making power. It also seems to me
that if we were to pass this bill, and the Execu-
tive were to make a treaty in conformity with its
provisions, making the stipulations which it con-
templates, the Senate would not be bound to ratify
it; and if not, it is irregular, and rather an en-
croachment upon the Executive authority to indi-
cate the terms upon which treaties shall be made.
I should be glad to be informed whether that view
is incorrect.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator from Mary-
land is mistaken in supposing that this is without
precedent. On the contrary we have taken the
initiative m treating with the Indians always by
an act of Congress. We have always had legis-
lation directing the President to open negotiations.
Many of the treaties which have been negotiated
lately, and ratified by the Senate, with the tribes
of Nebraska and Kansas, were authorized by an
act of Congress two years since; and all negoti-
ations are entered into generally under a law of
Congress, not confemng upon the President the
power, but diiecting him to open the negotiation,
and providing the means for carrying it on.
Aa to the provision in the bill which prescribes
certain features which shall go into, and form a
part of the treaty, i would refer the Senator to a
precedent which forms a very distinguished fea-^t
ture in the past Indian policy of this Government.
It was the old act of I«30, passed during General
Jackson's administration, by which the President
was empowered to negotiate, upon certain stipu-
lated terms, treaties with the Indians, which were
to embrace particular features. And treaties were,
to a great extent, negotiated between 1S30 and
1836, in strict pursuance of the terms of that law.
Everything relating to the Indian policy, and the
powers of the Executive, and the Senate, and of
Congress, in reference to these matters, was very
fully discussed at that time. So far, then, as the
precedent goes, that, sir, is full as to the propriety
and power of Congress to take the initiative to
the extent which we have proposed here.
Independent of the general power or constitu-
tional propriety, there is a great necessity for the
adoption of a law prescribing something like uni-
formity m Indian treaties, which are to be nego-
tiated hereafter. If there has been heretofore, in
our system of Indian policy, any evil unmixed,
almost, with any good, it is the great diversity
which has creptmto the Indian treaties which ha^e
been negotiated. This bill proposes to rectify,to
a certain extent, that difficulty, by prescribing
certain fundamental conditions which shall form
a part of every treaty to be negotiated hereafter.
They are few and simple, and they do not take
from the Executive the power to introduce any
other provision which he may, in his discretion,
deem proper to adopt. It only prescribes" in this
case, that the Indians shall not be removed from
the territory, but shall be planted upon individual
proprietary reservations which shall be inalien-
