2262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
shall be so construed as to interfere with any right
•which has or may accrue by virtue of any act j
granting preemption to actual settlers upon public j
lands.
Slc. 3. And be it further enacted, That any
person applying to enter any of the aforesaid
lands shall be lequired to make affidavit before
the register or receiver of the proper land office,
that he or she enters the same for his or her own
use, and for the purpose of actual settlement and
cultivation, or for the use of an adjoining farm or
plantation, owned or occupied by him or herself,
and together with said entry, he or she has not
acquired from the United States, under the pro-
visions of this act, more than three hundred and
twenty acres, according to the established surveys; |!
and if any person or persons taking such oath or j'
affidavit shall swear falsely in the premises, he or
she shall be subject to all the pains and penalties |i
of perjury. i|
Approved, August 4, 1854. |j
Public, LXXXII.—An Act declaring the Southern ;i
Boundary of JVeto Mexico. <!
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- ■
sentalives of the United Slates of America in Congress i,
assembled, That, until otherwise provided by J«w,
the territory acquired under the late treaty with
Mexico, commonly known as the Gadsden treaty,
be, and the same is hereby, incorporated with the .
territory of "New Mexico," subject to all the ;
laws of said last named Territory. I
Approved, August 4, 2854. 1
Pcbltc, LXXXJII.—An Act to extend the Right of
Preemption over Unsurveyed Lands in Minnesota,
and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress \
assembled, That the provisions of the preemption :
act of fourth September, eighteen hundred and
forty-one, and the acts amendatory thereof, shall i|
be extended to the lands in Minnesota Territory, j,
whether surveyed or not; but in all cases where <'
preemption is claimed on unsurveyed lands, the !
settler shall file his declaratory statement within |
three months after the survey has been made and .
returned, and make proof and payment before the j
day appointed by the President's proclamation for :
the commencement of the sale of the lands, in- !
eluding the tract claimed: Provided, however, That j
if, when the said lands are surveyed, it is found |
that two or more persons have settled upon the |
same quarter section, each Khali be permitted to i
enter hts improvement, as near as may be, by legal
subdivisions.
Approved, August 4, 1854.
Pub ti c, LXXXIV. —A n Act for the Relief of Th omas
B'onaugh, and for the repeal of the "Act to aid the
Tcrn/ory of Minnesota in the Construction of a
Railroad therein,*' appro out the twenty-ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Seeietary of the interior is
hereby directed to increase the pension of Thomas
Bronaugh, who is now on the rolls at four dollars,
to the rate of eight dollars per month, to com-
mence January first, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four,
&ec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the bill
entitled " An act to aid the Territory of Minne-
sota in the construction of a railroad therein,"
which passed the House of Representatives on
the twentieth day of June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, mid which was approved by the Presi-
dent of the United States on thetwemy-nmih day
of Jane, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, be, and
the'same is hereby, repealed.
Approved, August 4, 1854.
Public, LXXXV.—,/in .(let making Appropriations
for Iht Support of the Army f.r the uear ending the
thirtieth uj June, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty five.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Tremury m«t oiheiwsse appropuated, for
th'-support of Army yp«r °ndmg 'h^
thirtieth of June, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-five:
For pay of the Army, one million eight hun-
dred and thirty-nine thousand and seventy-one
dollars.
For commutation of officers' subsistence, six
hundred and twenty-four thousand three hundred
and thirty six dollars.
For commutation of forage for officers* horses,
one hundred and four thousand eight hundred and
thnty-two dollars.
For payments in lieu of clothing for officers'
servants, thirty-six thousand three hundred and
fifty dollars.
For expenses of recruiting, fifty five thousand
two hundred dollars.
For three months' extra pay for non-commis-
sioned officers, musicians, and privates, on reen-
listment, ten thousand dollars.
For subsistence in kind, one million and twenty-
eight thousand four hundred and ninety-seven dol-
lars.
For clothing for the Army, camp and garrison
equipage, four hundred and eighty thousand three
hundred and fifty-nine dollars and thirty-eight
cents.
For the regular supplies of the Quartermaster's
Department, consisting of fuel, foiage in kind for
the horses, mules, and oxen of the Quartermaster's
Department, at the several military posts and sta-
tions, and with the armies in the field; for the
horses of the first and second regiments of dra-
goons, the companies of light artillery, the regi-
ment of mounted riflemen, and such companies
of infantry as may be mounted, and also for the
authorized number of officers' horses, when serv-
ing in the field, and at the outposts; of straw for
soldiers' bedding, and of stationery, including
company and other blank books for the Army,
certificates for discharged soldiers, blank forms
for the pay and Quartermaster's Depai tments, and
for the printing of ftviSion and department orders,
Army legulations and reports, nine hundied and
fifty thousand dollars.
For the incidental expenses of the Quartermas-
ter's Department, consisting of postage on letters
and packets received and sent by officers of the
Army on public service; expenses of courts-mar-
tial and courts of inquiry, including theadditional
compensation to judges-advocate, recorders, mem-
bers, and witnesses, while on that service, under
the act of March sixteenth, eighteen hundred and
two; extra pay to soldiers employed, under the
direction of the Quartermaster's Depailment, in
; the erection of barracks, quarters, storehouses,
| and hospitals; the construction of roads and other
i constant labor, for periods of not less than ten
: days, under the act of March second, eighteen
hundred and nineteen, including those employed
i as clei ks at division and department headquarters;
■ expenses of expresses to and from the frontier
posts and armies in the field; of escorts to pa}-
; masters, other disbursing officers, and trains,
| when military escoits cannot be furnished; ex-
, penses of the interment of non-commissioned offi-
, ceis and soldiers; authorized office furniture; hire
; of laborers in the Quartermaster's Department,
| including hire of interpreters, spies, and guides
! for the Army; compensation of clerk to officers of
1 the Quartermaster's Department; compensation
i of forage and wagonmasters, authorized by the
act of July, eighteen hundred and thnty-eight; for
i the apprehension of deserters, and the expenses
1 incident to their pursuit; the various expenditures
required for the first and second regiments of dra-
■ goons, the companies of light artillery, the regi-
ment of mounted riflemen, and such companies
of infantry as may be mounted, viz: horse equip-
ments, the purchase of traveling forges, black-
smiths' and shoeing tools, horse and mule shoes,
iron and steel for shoeing, hire of veterinary sur-
geons, purchase of medicines for horses and
mules, shoeing horsed of mounted corps and re-
, punng dragoon and rifle equipments, three hun-
! dred and seventy-five thousand three hundred and
sixty-eight dollars and thiity-two cents.
| For constructing barracks and other buildings
at posts, which it may be necessary to occupy
.during the year, and for repairing, altering, and
i enlarging buildings at the established posts, m-
j eluding hire or commutation of quaiters for offi-
cers; hire of quarters for troops, of storehouses
for the safe-keeping of military stores, and of
. grounds for «nmm*r cantonments; for encamp-
ments and temporary frontier stations, six hun-
dred and twenty thousand dollars.
For mileage or allowance made to officers for
the transportation of themselves and baggage,
when traveling on duty without troops, one hun-
dred and twenty thousand dollars.
For transportation of the Army, including the
baggage of the troops, when moving either by
land or water; of clothing, camp and garrison
equipage, and horse equipments, from the depot
at Philadelphia to the seveial posts and Ai my de-
pots; of subsistence from the places of purchase,
and from the places of delivery, under contract, to
such places as the circumstances of the service
may require it to be sent; of ordnance, ordnance *
stores, and small arms, from the founderies and
armories to the arsenals, fortifications, frontier
posts, ynd Army depots; freights, tolls, and fer-
riages; for the purchase and hire of horses, mules,
oxen, wagons, carts, drays, ships, and other sea-
going vessels and boats, for the transportation of
supplies, and for garrison purposes; for drayage
and cartage at the several posts; hire of teamsters;
transportation of funds for the pay and other dis-
bursing departments; the expense of sailing public
transports on the various rivers, the Gulf of Mex-
ico, and the Atlantic and Pacific; and for procur-
ing water at such posts as from their situation re-
quire that it be brought from a distance, one mil-
lion two hundred thousand dollars.
For the purchase of horses required for the first
and second regiments of dragoons, the companies
of light artillery, and the regiment of mounted
riflemen, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For contingencies of the Army, six thousand
dollars.
For the medical and hospital departments, fifty-
one thousand two hundred and forty dollars.
For contingent expenses of the adjutant gen-
eral's department, as division and department
headquarters, four hundred dollars.
For repair and preparation of the pontoon-bridge
train, to be stored and kept in readiness for the
field, fifteen thousand dollars.
For armament of fortifications, one .hundred
and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For ordnance, ordnance stores, and supplies,
seventy-five thousand dollars.
For the current expenses of the ordnance ser-
vice, one hundred thousand dollars.
For the manufacture of arms at the national
armories, two hundred and fifty thousand dollars:
Provided, That so much of all laws heretofore
passed, which authorize the appointment of mili-
tary officers to superintend the operations at the
national armories, be? and the same is hereby,
repealed; and from and after the passage of this
act, it shall be the duty of the President of the
United States,by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, to appoint a competent and well
qualified civilian as superintendent at each of said
armories.
For repairs and improvementsand new machin-
ery at Harper's Ferry, thirty-five thousand one
hundred dollars.
For arsenals, tUirty-three thousand three hun-
dred and ten dollars.
For the completion of magazine at Jefferson
barracks, Missouri, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For an iron steamer to be used in the survey of
the northwestern lakes, including Lake Superior,
under the War Department, fifty thousand dollars.
For military and geographical surveys west of^
the Mississippi, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the northern and
northwestern lakes,including Lake Superior, fifty
thousand dollars.
For repairs of instruments of the Corpls of To-
pographical Engineers, five thousand dollars.
For printing and distributing charts of lake
surveys, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For the purchase of Barlow's planetarium, for
the use of the Military Academy at West Point,
two thousand dollars.
For fuel and quarters for officers of the Army
serving on light-house duty, the payment of
which is no longer made or provided for by the
Quartermastei's Department, five thousand and
sixty-three dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For continuing the explorations and surveys
to ascertain the best route for a railway to the
Pacific, and for completing the reports of sur-
veys already made, the sum of one hundred arid
fifty th' u*and dollar?.
