694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
tion, to be entered at the commencement of its
next regular session.
Mr. CASS. I did not hear the resolution dis-
tinctly, and I will, therefore, make inquiry of the
Senator from Illinois. In those districts that have
two cadets, what becomes of the vacancy that
occurs when one of them passes through the acad-
emy ? "Will it expire, or will it exist permanently ?
Mr. SHIELDS. If a district has two cadets,
the power to reappoint one will expire at the expi-
ration of the term.
Mr. CASS. Is it so distinctly stated ?
Mr. SHIELDS. The original law accom-
plishes that object.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I will make an inquiry of
the honorable chairman: Has this measure been
recommended by the Department, or has it any
recommendation from the Executive ?
Mr. SHIELDS. It was,as I understand, rec-
ommended to the committee of the House to
settle the difficulty which exists at present. If,
however, there is any doubt about it, I will move
to refer it to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I think it will be bet-
ter to do that.
Mr. RUSK. I suggest that that course had
better be pursued, so that the committee can con-
sider the propriety of moving an amendment in
regard to appointments by Senators.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move its reference to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
MAIL CONTRACT IN ALABAMA.
On the motion of Mr. FITZPATRICK, the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider thejoint resolution, reported from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, for
extending an existing contract for carrying the
mail in Alabama.
It proposes to authorize the Postmaster Gen-
eral to extend the existing contract for carrying
the mail upon the route between Montgomery
and Mobile, for four years from the time at which
it would expire by its own limitation, if, in his
opinion, the public interest and convenience will
be promoted thereby.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and it was read a third time, and
passed.
NAVY BIDS.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. MoKkan, Chief Clerk,
announcing that they had passed a joint resolution
relative to bids for provisions, clothing, and small,
stores for the use of the Navy.
The joint resolution was read a first time.
Mr. (JWIN. 1 am requested by the Secretary
of the Navy to ask the immediate consideration
of the resolution. It is important to the Depart-
ment that it should be acted upon at^once. It was
reported upon by the Committee on Naval Affairs
of the House unanimously, and passed the House
yesterday. I will ask for the reading of the res-
olution, so that the Senate may understand what
it is.
Mr. FISH. I will ask the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs whether the
resolution has been printed, and received the con-
sideration of any committee?
Mr. GWIN. It was introduced into the House
of Representatives by the chnirman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, at the request of the Sec-
retary of the Navy. The chairman came to me
yesterday and said it was of pressing importance,
the Secretary had informed him, that it should be
passed immediately. It passed the House with-
out opposition on the unanimous recommendation
of the Committee on Naval Affairs; and I have
been requested by the Secretary of the Navy to
have it brought up this morning and acted upon.
Let it be read. It will explain itself.
Mr. FISH. I do notobjectto the consideration
of the resolution; but 1 want to call the attention
of the Senate to this mode of legislation. It is a
joint resolution prepared at the Navy Department,
which, without being printed, passed through the
House of Representatives on the day it was intro-
duced , has been sent to the Senate, and, at the re-
quest of the Secretary, must be passed here with-
out any consideration of it by a committee. If
this mode of legislation is to be continued, it will
be useless to have committees.
Mr. GWIN. Let it be read. It will explain
ltS6lf
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the joint resolution will be read a second time..
There was no objection.
It proposes to direct that all bids for supplies of
provisions, clothing, and small stores may be re-
jected at the option of the Department, if made by
one who is not known as a manufacturer of, or a
regular dealer in, articles proposed to be furnished;
which facts, or the reverse, must be distinctly
stated in the bids offered; that the bids of all per-
sons who fail to comply with the conditions in a
contract they have previously entered into with
the United States, shall, at the option of the De-
partment,be rejected; that if more than one bid be
offered for the supply of an article on account of
any one party, either in his own name or in the name
of his partner, or any other person, the whole of
such bids shall be rejected at the option of the De-
partment; that copartners of any firm shall not be
received as sureties for each other; and that when-
ever it may be deemed necessary for the interest
of the Government, and the health of the crews of
United States vessels to procure particular brands
of flour which are known to keep best on distant
stations, the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing,
with the approbation of theSecretary of the Navy,
shall be authorized to procure it on the best terms
in market overt.
Mr. SHIELDS. It strikes me that that is a
very extraordinary power to confer upon the
Department.
Mr. GWIN. If there is any objection to it, I
move its reference to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. SHIELDS. I think it will be better to do
that.
Mr. CLAYTON. And let it be printed.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. FISII. I move that the resolution be
printed.
The PRESIDENT. That will be done, as a
matter of course.
ALEXANDER G. MORGAN.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is a bill which I wish
to have taken up this morning for consideration
by the Senate. I have endeavored several times
to have it taken up, but without success. I trust
I shall not fail now. It will take but very little
time. It is the bill for the relief of the heirs and
representatives of Colonel Alexander G. Morgan.
I would here call the attention of the Senate to the
fact, that if they do not take up and pass private
bills at an early day, so as to get them sent to the
House, they will never get any passed in the other
House—they will never even be able to get them
reported from the committees to which they are
referred. It so happened last year, and it will so
happen again. I ask that this bill may be taken
up at this time. It has been reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, after full investigation,
and is to pay to the heirs of Colonel Morgan the
residue of moneys due to him for services in the
Florida war. He died at Cerro Gordo. The
claim is a just one, and ought to be passed.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
and the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to its consideration.
The bill is designed to give authority to the ac-
countingofficers of the Treasury tosettlethe claims
of Alexander G. Morgan, of Missouri, for services
in raisingtroops for the Florida service, in the year
1837, and also for military services in Florida; but
the pay and allowances to him are not to exceed
the compensation of a captain of cavalry.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported it
with an amendment to limit his pay to the period
from the 11th of September, 1837, to the 15th of
February, 1838.
On the 18th of August, 1837, Alexander G. Mor-
gan addressed the Secretary of War, offering; to
raise three hundred volunteer riflemen for the Flor-
ida service. On the 25th of August, 1837, the Sec-
retary of War authorized General H. Atchison
to raise four companies, (as spies,) to be at Tampa
Bay by the 15th of October. On the 31st August,
the Secretary ofWar replied to Colonel Morgan's
offer, and expressed his gratification at it, inform-
ing him, also, that General Atchison was author-
ized to raise the four companies of spies. On the
5th of September, the Secretary of War acknowl-
edged the receipt of Colonel Morgan's letter of
the 12th of August, and said: " General Atchison
has been instructed to accept your offer of three
hundred men as spy battalions for Florida." On
the 11th of September, 1837, General Atchison
inclosed to A. G. Morgan a copy of the order of
the Secretary of War to raise four companies of
spies, and appointed him to command as lieu-
tenant colonel. On the 6th of November, Gen-
eral Gaines ordered Lieutenant Colonel Morgan
to equip his company of Florida spies by the
16th of November. General Armistead ordered
Lieutenant Colonel Morgan's company of spies
to proceed with Captain Sconcis, and report to
Colonel Z. Taylor.
In February, 1838, Colonel Taylor returned
his thanks to Colonel Morgan's and other compa-
nies for their soldierly conduct, and ordered them
to report to the commanding general for dis-
charge. On the 12th of January, 1838, Colonel
Morgan was ordered by General Armistead to
repair to Fort Gardner, and report to Colonel
Taylor for field duty; on the 15th they were or-
dered to equip for Fort Gardner.
From these facts, it is evident that Alexander G.
Morgan was appointed lieutenant colonel on the
11th of September, 1837, by General Atchison,
under the authority of the Secretary ofWar, and
discharged in February, 1838, and that he was
recognized as such in all the military orders. He
was not paid for these services, " because he was
not regularly commissioned," but the committee,
being satisfied that he acted in that capacity, re-
ported the bill for the relief of his legal represent-
atives.
The amendment of the committee was agreed
to. The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; the amendment was concurred in; and
the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read a third time, and passed.
SECURITIES HELD ABROAD.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That there be printed Ave thousand additional
copies of the report from the Treasury Department, of
Match 2, ]854, in reply to the resolution of the Senate of
April 4, 1853, respecting Federal, State, Municipal, and
Corporation securities heldabioad, one thousand of which
shall be for the use of the Treasury Department.
I would observe at this time, that many State
officers have been very kind in furnishing the in-
formation which the Secretary of the Treasury
has communicated to the Senate, and 1 therefore
ask for the adoption of the resolution, that they
may have an opportunity of examining it. "
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. EVANS. Mr. President, I wish to avail
myself of this occasion to say to the Senate, that
some two months ago,perhaps, the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims reported a bill " to provide
for the final settlement of the claims of the officers
of the revolutionary army, and of the widowsand
orphan children of those who died in the service."
I have forborne to call it up at first, because I con-
sidered it as a private bill, and therefore supposed
that it would come up in its order on private bill
day. Since my notion on that point has been
corrected, I have not pressed it, because I did not
desire to obtrude it at any improper time. All
that I design now, is to say to the Senate, that
while we are providing, as we are doing most
amply for the present generation, and for those
who have rendeied seivice in recent times, some-
thing is due to the soldiers of the Revolution; and
1 beg leave now merely to intimate my intention
to call up that bill to-morrow morning, and to ask
the Senate then to act upon it. I give this notice
now for the further reason, that if gentlemen desire
to offer amendments to it, they may have them
ready at that time.
DISPOSITION OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. HUNTER asked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill to graduate
the price of the public lands; which was read a
first time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the bill be printed.
I do not desire to have it referred to a committee.
It is a subject which has been discussed for some
twenty or thirty years.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill to pro-
