1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
For fuel and quarters,and for mileage or trans-
portation for officers and enlisted soldiers of the
Army serving- in the Coast Survey, in cases no
longer provided for by the Quartermaster's De-
partment, ten thousand dollars.
For arrearages prior to July first, one thousand
eight hundred and fifteen, payable through* the
office of the Third Auditor, under an act approved
May the first, one thousand eight hundred aiid
twenty, in addition to a balance of seven thousand
six hundred and fifty-three dollars and five cents
undrawn in the Treasury on the thirtieth of Sep-
tember,' one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
three, three thousand five hundred dollars.
, For fuel and quarters, and for mileage or trans-
portation for officers and enlisted soldiers of the
Army serving in the Coast Survey, in cases no
longer provided for by the (Quartermaster's De-
partment, ten thousand dollars.
For arrearages prior to July first, one thousand
eight hundred and fifteen, payable through the
office of the Third Auditor, under an act approved
May the first, one thousand eight hundred and
twenty, in addition to a balance of seven thou-
sand six hundred and fifty-three dollars and five
cents undrawn in the Treasury on the thirtieth of
September, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
three, three thousand five hundred dollars.
For purchase of a site, and construction of an
arsenal, at Benicia, California, thirty-three thou-
sand nine hundred and eighty-five dollars.
For the sword ordered to be presented to Brevet
Major [General] John E. Wool, by the joint reso-
lution approved JanuSt-y twenty-fourth,eijfht[eenj
hundred and fifty-fou#, one thousand five hundred
dollar^
For payment of claims adjudicated by the board
' of Army officers, appointed by the Secretary of
"War, unr'der the sixth section of the act of August
thirty-fiist, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, one
hundred and twenty-nine thousand eight hundred
and eighty-five dollars and twenty-three and a half
cents.
For the purchase of the best breach-l'oading rifles
in the opinion of the Secretary of War, for the use
of the United States Army, ninety thousand dol-
lars: Provided, That the Secretary of War, after a
fair practical test thereof, shall deem the purchase
advisable and proper.
That the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury be, and they are hereby, directed, in the settle-
ment of the accounts of Captain Joseph L. Folsom,
assistant quartermaster of the United States Army,
to receive parol testimony of the disbursements
made by him as such assistant quartermaster, in
lieu of vouchers for such disbursements which
were destroyed by the fire in the City of San
Francisco, on the fourth of May, Jlnno Domini
eighteen hundred and fifty-one, an,d that upon the
testimony so taken, if satisfactory to the Depart-
ment, the accounts of said assistant quartermaster
shall be audited and settled according to the prin-
ciples of equity and justice: Provided, That the
sum allowed shall not exceed the balance now due
from said Folsom to the Treasury.
Shmonees.—For the first installment of interest
at five per cent, on forty thousand dollars for
education, per third article of the treaty of May
tenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two thou-
sand dollars.
For the first of eight annual installments of
money in payment for lands, per third article of
tfhe treaty May tenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, one hundred thousand dollars.
For the expenses of surveying the lands and
setting apart the surplus, as provided in the fifth
article of the treaty May tenth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, nine thousand nine hundred and
thirty-six dollars.
For payment for relinquishment of certain per-
manent and other annuities, and satisfaction for
losses, damages, and claims, per eleventh artic-le
of the treaty of May tenth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, twenty-seven thousand dollars.
Kaskaskia and Peori,and Weaand Piankeshaw.—
For the expenses of surveying the land, as pro-
vided in the third and fourth articles of the treaty
of May thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
live thousand three hundred dollars.
For payment of the first of three installments in
monly of thirteen thousand dollars each for pur-
chase of former permanent annuities and relin-
quishment of -laimsand damagcf>,per sixth article
of the treaty of May thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, thirteen thousand dollars.'
For the first of five installments for support of a
blacksmith and assistant, per sixth article of the
treaty thirtieth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, seven hundred and twenty dollars.
For the first of five installments for the purchase
of iron and steel, per sixth article of the treaty of
thirtieth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
two hundred and twenty dollars.
For the erection of a smiths' shop, and pur-
chase of tools therefor, per sixth article of the
treaty of thirtieth of May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, one hundred and twenty dollars.
Miamies.—For expensesof surveying thelands,
as provided in the second article of' the treaty of
June fifth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, seven
thousand four hundred and fifty-two dollars.
For interest at the rate of five per centum on
fifty thousand dollars for educational purposes,
etc., per third article of the treaty of June fifth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
Reappropriation: For payment of the valua-
tion of improvements on lands ceded as stipulated
in the sixth article of the treaty of eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-four, and the seventh article of
the treaty of eighteen, hundred and thirty-eight,
(the amount having been carried to the surplus
fund by warrant number ninety-four of treaty of
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-two,
per fourth article of the treaty of June fifth, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four,) eight thousand dol-
lars and sixty-eight cents.
For the payment of the Miamies residing on the
ceded lands,of thefirstof six equal annual install-
ments for purchase of former perpetual and other
annuities and relinquishment of claims, etc., per
fourth article of the treaty June fifth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, thirty-one thousand seven
hundred and thirty-nine dollars and eleven cents.
For payment in full to John .Grigg and Sash-o-
quash, as provided in the fourth article of said
last mentioned treaty, nine thousand six hundred
and eighty-nine dollars and twenty-two cents.
For payment of the claims of Miamies, who
live on the ceded lands, for damages and loss of
stock and other property, and for losses of im-,
provements, etc., caused by their removal from
Sugar Creek, per fourth article of the treaty of
June fifth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, seven
thousand seven hundred and seventy-five dollars
and eighty-two cents.
For payment of the expenses incurred in ne-
gotiating the articles of May twelfth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, with the Menomonee Indians;
supplemental and amendatory to the treaty of Oc-
toher eighteenth, eighteen hundred and forty-eight,
nine hundred and fifty dollars.
For extra clerk hire for the service of the In-
dian office, for one year, commencing on the first
of August, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, five
thousand six hundred dollars.
For payment of the expenses of the delegates^
of the Creek nation of Indians now in this city,
one thousand one hundred and ninety-nine dollars
and fifty-five cents: Provided, That the following
appropriations contained in the Indian appropria-
tion act, passed at the present session, are hereby
annulled and repealed:
For fulfilling treaties with the Shawnees; per-
manent provision for salt, sixty dollars; black-
smith and assistant, eight hundred and forty dol-
lars; iron and steel, two hundred and twenty
dollars.
For fulfilling treaties with the Piankeshaws, in
permanent annuities, eight hundred dollars.
For fulfilling treaties with the Weas, permanent
annuity, three thousand dollars.
For fulfilling treaties with the Miamies; money
in lieu of laborers, two hundred and fifty dollars;
agricultural implements, two hundred dollars.
For fulfilling treaties with the Deiawares; per-
manent annuity, fourth article, treaty of August,
seventeen hundred and ninety-five, one thousand
dollars; permanent annuity third article of treaty
of September, eighteen hundred and nine, five
hundred dollars; permanent annuity, fifth article,
treaty of Octoher,eighteen hundred and eighteen,
four thousand dollars; permanent annuity, article
supplementary, &c., (eighteen hundred and twen-
ty-nine,) one thousand dollars; permanent pro-
visions for blacksmith, October, eighteen hundred
and eighteen, seven hundred and twenty dollars;
permanent provisions for iron snid steel for shop,
October, eighteen hundred and eighteen, two hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
For payment, as stipulated by the article dated
June thirteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
supplementary to the treaty at Fort Gibson, of
November twenty-third, eighteen 'hundred find
thirty-eight, to individuals of the Creek WiatioD,
for " claims forproperty and improvements aban-
doned or lost, in consequence of their emigration
west of the Mississippi," to be distributed, under
the direction of the chiefs and the agent of the
United States for the Creeks, in the proportion as
set forth and determined in the schedule referred
to in the second article of the said treaty of No-
vember twenty-third,eighteen hundred and thirty-
eight, three hundred, and fifty thousand dollars:
Provided further, That the appropriation of seven-
teen thousand, five hundred dollars, for interest
thereon contained in the Indian appropriation act,
passed at the present session, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
For completing the Mendota and big Sioux
river road, in accordance with the estimates of the
Secretary of War, twenty-five thousand dollars,
to be expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of War.
Sec. [2.] Jlnd be it further enacted, That the
amount which it may be found necessary to pay
under the act of twenty-seventh March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, to the widows and orphans
of the United States troops who perished by the
recent disaster to the steamship San Francisco,
be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Sec. [3.j Jlnd be it further enacted, That the act
approved September twenty-eight, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty, entitled " An act grant-
ing bounty land to certain officers and soldiers
who have been engaged in the military service of
the United States," the act approved March
twenty-second, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-two, entitled "An act to make land warrants
assignable, and for other purposes," and the get
approved February third, one thousand eight hun-
dred and fifty-three, entitled " An act to continue
half pay to certain widows and orphans" shall not
be so construed as to deprive any widow from the
benefits therein granted for the services of her hug-
bard, though she may have married again: Pro-
vided, however, That the applicant is a widow at
the time of making the claim: Provided, Such
party shall not receive pension during coverture.
• Sec. [4.] And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized
and directed to recei^ and cause to he placed on
the files of his Department, such additional muster-
rolls of the battalion of volunteers commanded by
Lieutenant Colonel J. C. FiSmont in California,
duly authenticated by the proper officers, as have
not heretofore been received and filed, and to cause
sufeh corrections of the muster-rolls to be made in
regard to the periods of enlistment and terms of
service, and the omission of names of the mem-
bers of said battalion as, upon satisfactory proof,
he may deem right and proper, and as far as prac-
ticable, to correspond with the pay-rolls of Major
P. B. Reading, paymaster of said battalion with
respect to the period of service, so that all who
served in the military service of the United States
in California during the late war with Mexico,
whether under the command of naval Or military
officers, may be entitled to all the benefits of all
the acts of Congress, providing for the enrollment
of volunteers in the Mexican war: Provided, That
no payment shall be made in consequence of this
section, beyond the sum heretofore appropriated.
Sec. [5.] Jlnd be it further enacted. That the
joint resolution entitled '* A resolution explana-
tory of the act appropriating money for the re-
moval of the raft of Red river," approved January
seventh, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, be, and
hereby is, repealed; and that the Secretary of the
Department of War be authorized to expend the
appropriation in reference to the Red river raft,in
such way, and for such purposes as he mav ap-
prove, having in view the improvement of the
navigation of Red river, in and around the said
raft.
Sec. [6.] Jlnd be it further enacted, That in the
event that the Secretary of War shall deem it in-
consistent with the interests of the military ser-
vice to furnish a sufficient portion of the military
buildings at Fort Le&vwworth for thfe use of tha
