1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEl
That the law approved third March, eighteen
hundred and forty-three, directing advertisements
for materials for the Navy, be, and is hereby, so
modified, as to require the classes only of materials
to be stated in the advertisements, and bidders to
be referred to the several Navy agents and chiefs
of bureaus, who will furnish them with printed
schedules, giving a full description of each and
every article, with dates of delivery, &c.
Marine Corps.—For pay of the officers, non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates,
clerks, messengers, stewards, and servants; for
rations and clothing for servants; subsistence and
additional rations for five years' service of officers;
for undrawn clothing and rations, bounties for
reenlistments, and pay for unexpired terms of
previous service', two hundred and thirty-seven
thousand one hundred and sixteen dollars and
forty-four cents.
That the non-commissioned officers, musicians,
and privates of the United States marine corps,
shall be entitled to, and receive the same pay add
bounty for reenlisting as are now, or may here-
after, be allowed to the non-commissioned officers,
musicians, and privates in the infantry of the
Army.
For provisions for marines serving on shore,
twenty-nine thousand nine hundred and eighty-
four dollars and seventy-five cents.
'For clothing, fifty-two thousand and sixty-four
dollars.
For fuel, fourteen thousand one hundred and
ninety-four dollars and fifty cents.
For'military stores, repairs of arms, pay of
armorer; for accouterments, ordnance stores, flags,
• drums, fifes, and musical instruments, eight thou-
sand dollars.
For transportation of officers, and troops, and
expenses of recruiting, twelve thousand dollars.
For repairs of barracks, and rent of temporary
barracks and offices, six thousand dollars.
For contingencies, viz: freight, ferriage, cart-
age, and wharfage; compensation to judges-advo-
cate; per diem for attending .courts-martial and
courts of inquiry; for constant labor, house rent
in lieu of quarters, burial of deceased marines,
printing, advertising, stationery, forage, postage,
pursuit of deserters, candles, oil, straw, furniture,
bed-sacks, spades, shovels, axes, picks, and car-
penters' tools, expense of a horse for messenger,
pay of matron, washerwoman, and porter, for the
hospital at headquarters, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars.
For the reappropriation of the following sums
carried to the surplus fund, under the provisions
of the tenth section of the act entitled "An act
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the thirtieth of June, one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-three, and for other purposes," approved
thirty-first of August, one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-two, to be applied to the payment of all
expenses incurred prior to the first day of July,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty-two.
For carrying into effect the provisions of the
act providing for the prosecution of the war be-
tween the United States and the Republic of Mex-
ico, twenty-six thousand one hundred and fifty-
six dollars and fifty cents.
Sec. 2. ''And be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions contained in the act of the twenty-second
April, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, adding a
pay to the percentage to the pay of the clerks
employed at the navy-yard" in Washington city,
be construed so as to include the clerks and mes-
senger in the office of the navy agent for said yard,
and the messenger in the commandant's office.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all the
grounds and appurtenances thereunto belonging,
known as the Memphis navy-yard, in Shelby
county, Tennessee, be, and the same is hereby,
ceded to the Mayor and Aldermen of the city of
Memphis, for the use and benefit of said city, and
that the Secretary of the Navy order the com-
mandant of said navy-yard at Memphis, to sur-
render to the Mayor of Memphis said property:
' Provided, That theaccounting officers oftheTreas-
ury, in settling the accounts of the late Navy agent
at Memphis, shall not deduct the sum of two
thousand nine hundred and sixty-four dollars and
fifty-ninecerits already received by him and passed
to his credit on the books of the Treasury Depart-
ment, from his salary as acting purser, provided
for by an act making appropriations for the naval
service of the country for the for the year ending
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
three.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted^ That the twcr
u general orders" of the Secretary of the Navy,
dated August thirty-one, eighteen hundred and
forty six, and May twenty-seven, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-seven, upon relative rank, shall
have the force and effect of law.
Sec 5. And be it further enacted, That the pay
of the" boatswains, gunners, carpenters, and sail-
makers of the Navy, shall be as follows:
On leave or waiting orders, per annum, six hun-
dred dollars; shore duty, seven hundred dollars;
sea service, nine hundred dollars: An addition of
two per centum upon the foregoing rates for every
year's sea service, and an addition upon sea pay
of ten per centum when serving in ships, with
four hundred men, and twenty per centum, when
serving in ships with nine hundred men.
Approved, August 5, 1854.
Public, LXXXV1I.—An Act to carry into„effcct a
Treaty between the United States and Great Britain,
signed on the fifth day of June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That whenever the President of the
United States shall receive satisfactory evidence
that the Imperial Parliament of Great Britain and
the Provincial Parliaments of Canada, New Bruns-
wick, Nova Scotia* and Prince Edward's Island,
have passed laws on their part to give full effect to
the provisions of the ueaty between the United
States and Great Britain, signed on the fifth of
June last, he is hereby authorized to issue his
proclamation^ declaring that he has such evidence,
and thereupon, from the date of such proclama-
tion, the following articles being the growth and
produce of said Provinces of Canada, New Bruns-
wick, Nova Scotia, and Prince Edward's island,
to wit:
Grain, flour, and breadstuff's of all kinds; ani-
mals of all kinds; fresh, smoked and salted meats;
cotton wool; seeds and vegetables; undried fruits;
dried fruits; fish of all kinds; products of fish and
all other creatures living in the water; poultry;
eggs; hides, furs, skins or tails undressed; stone
or marble in its crude or unwrought state; slate;
butter, cheese, tallow; lard; horns; manures; ores
of all kinds; coal; pitch, tar, turpentine; timber
and lumber of all kinds, round, hewed, and sawed,
unmanufactured in whole or in part; fire-wood,
plants, shrubs, and trees; pelts; wool; fish oil;
rice; broom-corn and bark; gypsum, ground or
unground; hewn or wrought or unwrought burr
or grindstones; dye-stuffs; flax, hemp, and tow,
unmanufactured;unmanufactured tobacco; rags—
Shall be introduced into the United States free
of duty, so long as the said treaty shall remain in
force; subject, however, to be suspended in rela-
tion to the trade with Canada, on the condition
mentioned in the fourth article of the said treaty:
And all the other Drovisions of the said treaty
shall go into effect, and be observed on the part of
the United Suites.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That whenever
the Island of Newfoundland shall give its consent
to the application of the stipulations and provis-
ions of the said treaty to that Province, and the
Legislature thereof and the Imperial Parliament
shall pass the necessary laws for that purpose, the
above enumerated articles shall be admitted free of
duty from that Province into the United States,
from and after the date of a proclamation by the
President'of the United States, declaring that he
has satisfactory evidence that the said Province
has consented, in a due and proper manner, to
have the provisions of the treaty extended to it,
and to allow the United States the full benefits of
all the stipulations therein contained.
Approved, August 5, 1854.
Public, LXXXVfH.—An Act to Establish certain
additional Post Roads.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled,That the following be established as post
roads:
In Mississippi.—From Grenada to a point on
Tallahatcha river, near Dudley S. Bennett's plan-
tation. From Philadelphia to Pensacola.
In Louisiana.—From Grreeasburg to-a point in-,
tersecting the railroad from New Orleans to Jack-
son, Mississippi, at or near the house of Benjamia
Weil.
In Virginia.—From Muddy Creek, in Preston
county, via GreensBurg, Oranesville, Old Lang
Run, and Accidence, to Addison, in Maryland,
In Texas.—From Johnson's Station, via Fort
Worth, to Fort Belknap. \
In Iowa.—From Fort Madison, via West Point
and Big Mound, to Keosanqua.
Approved, August 5, 1854.
Public, LXXXIX.—An Act granting the Right of
Way to the Manysville and Benicia Railroad Com-
pany through and over the grounds of the United
States at Benicia, in California.
Be it enacted by the Stnate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the right of way, sixty-six feet
in width, shall be, and is hereby, granted to the
Marysville and Benicia Railroad Company, for
the road of said company, through and over the
grounds of the United States, at and near Benicia,
in Solano county, and State of California: Provided,
That the route of said^railroad across said grounds
be approved by the Secretary of War before the
same is entered upon for the purpose of construct-
ing said railroad: And provided further, That the
same be granted without detriment to the public
interest in the opinion of the Secretary of War.
Approved, August 5, 1854.
Public, XC.—An Act to repeal the First Proviso of
the fourth section of the act entitled An act grant-
ing Bounty Land to certain Officers and Soldiers
who have been engaged in the Military Service of
the United States," approved September twenty-
eighth, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the first proviso of the fourth sec-
tion of the act entitled " An act granting bounty
land to certain officers and soldiers who have been
engaged in the military service of the United
States," approved September twenty-eighth, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty, be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
Approved, August 5, 1854.
Public, XCl.—An Act authorizing the Payment of
balance of the Property Accounts betxveen the Uni-
ted States and the State of New York, for Military
Stores, in the War of eighteen hundred and twelve.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
to the Governor of the State of New York the
sum of eleven thousand nine hundred and twenty-
nine dollars and forty-five cents, that being the
balance due said State, arising out of issues of
military stores by said State to officers of the Uni-
ted States Army, and to volunteers and militia in
the service of the United States during the war
with Great Britain, declared in eighteen hundred
and twelve.
Approved, August 5, 1854.
Public, XCII.—An Act for t hf Relief of the Inhab-
itants of Township foity-jive, range one, in Warren
County, Missouri.
Whereas the concession of six hundred arpens
I of land by C. D. Delassus, the Lieutenant.Gov-
i ernor of Upper Louisiana, to Andrew Kinaird,
and which concession was confirmed by the act
of Congress of July fourth, eighteen hundred and
thirty-six, entitled "An act confirming claims to
land in the State of Missouri, and for other pur-
poses," was located prior to the surveys of the
public lands in Missouri; and whereas, upon the
survey of said lands «ne half of section sixteen,
of township forty-five of range one west, in
Warren county, Missouri, was covered by the
concession to said Kinaird: Therefore—
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the board of directors of common
schools in and for said township be, and they are
hereby, authorized to select and have set apart,
for the use of schools in said township, one half
of a section of any of the public lands in the land
district within which said county is situated, in
