THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
Bers are out of order frequently in their remarks,
and they are allowed to proceed out of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is not in order in casting reflections on the
motives of the Chair.
Mr. COBB. The Chair is right in his view of
the question.
The SPEAKER. And the gentleman from
Alabama is wt-ong.
Mr. COBB. I move that the adverse report on
thel-esolutions be laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported adversely on the following peti-
tions; which were laid upon the table:
Petition of sundry citizens of the State of Ohio,
in favor of the homestead bill;
Petition of sundry citizens asking for grants of
the public land for school and otherpurposes;
Petition of George Wright and one hundred and
thirteen other citizens, in relation to grants of the
public land to actual settlers;
Petition of sundry citizens, in favor of the
homestead bill;
Memorial of William Morris and thirty-four
others, citizens of the State of Ohio, in favor of
stopping the further sale of the public land;
Memorial of Adam and twenty-nine other
citizens, in relation to homesteads;
Petition of two hundred citizens of Pennsylva-
nia, asking a grant of one hundred and sixty acres
of the public land to each head of a family; and
Petition of sundry citizens of the State of Indi-
ana, in relation to the stopping of the further sale
of the public land.
Mr. COBB also reported back a bill "to re-
duce and graduate the price of the public lands;"
which was laid upon the table, a substitute for
said bill having been heretofore reported by the
committee.
Mr. COBB also reported back with an amend-
ment, a bill to authorize the States m which six-
teenth sections are situated to relinquish such
lands reserved or granted for the use of schools as
may be comparatively valueless or unfit for culti-
vation, and to select other lands in lieu thereof.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. COBB also reported back a bill " to grant
to the State of Alabama, anfd other States having
public lands therein, the unsold and unappropri-
ated public lands that have been in market for
twenty years and upwards, for purposes of edu-
cation and internal improvements."
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. COBB also reported adversely on bills of
the following titles; which were ordered to lie
upon the table:
A bill granting the right of way and a donation
of public lands to the Slate of Alabama, to aid in
the construction of the Cohabo Valley railroad, in
said State; and
A bill granting the right of way to the State of
Alabama, and a portion of the public lands, to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Winchester,
irs Tennessee, to some point on the Tennessee
river, at. or near Deposite, Alabama.
Mr. COBB said, (in reference to the last bill,)
tf i was allowed to do so, I would say something
to my friend from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] in refer-
ence to that bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. You have made a
very sensible report on it.
Mr. COBB. There is another bill which I de-
sire to report, and have put upon its passage. It
wilt take but two or three minutes to pass it.
Should the House not be disposed to pass it, I pro-
pose to have it referred to the Committee of the
Wboie House.
Trhe bill was then read the first and second time
by its title, as follows:
A bill to authorize the school commissioners
of the fractional township No. 1, range No. 10
east, in Alabama, to locate one section of land for
school purposes.
The bill was then read through by the Clerk.
Mr. COBB. There is an amendment reported
with the bill. The object of the bill must be clearly
apparent to all who have listened to the reading of
it by the Clerk. The township for which this bill
makes provision is divided by the line between
the States of Georgia and Alabama. The law that
now exists authorizes persons of this township to
select half a section of land for school purposes,
and this bill only proposes that they may locate
that half section m a legal subdivision; for instance,
in forty acre grants. These citizens never knew
until recently that they had any rights in relation
to the lands in question, which have been in market-
for at least twenty or thirty years. The lands in the
State have all been taken up except the mountain
lands. If you require these citizens who have slept
upon their rights so long to locate in a tract of half
a section, and take the whole half section in a
body, then they will not get the benefit they would
if you allow them to locate this land anywhere in
fractional townships in forty acre tracts. Will
you compel these people to locate half a section
for school purposes in one body, whether worth-
less or not, or will you allow them to locate it in
forty acre tracts upon the summit of the mount-
ains? That is all there is in the.bill. Will the
House entertain the proposition, and put the bill
upon its passage, or will they refer it to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House?
The SPEAKER. The question is upon order-
ing the bill to be engrossed, and read a third time.
Mr. LETCHER. I would like to know why
they did not get the sixteenth sections in that town-
ship before?
Mr. COBB. I stated the matter fully, but I
know the great difficulty that there is in hearing
in the House. I know that I can scarcely be
heard myself sometimes, though I believe I speak
as loud as most men. I will repeat, for the in-
formation of the gentleman from Virginia, that
the line between the State of Georgia and the
State of Alabama runs through the township in
question, and of course the sixteenth section is
in that part which lies in the State of Georgia.
There is no sixteenth section in that part of the
township belonging to the State of Alabama, and
the inhabitants never knew that, under the ex-
isting law, they had a right heretofore to take as
much as half a section in lieu thereof. The ex-
isting law authorized them to do it without the
necessity of their coming to Congress. But this
bill provides that they may take it in tracts of forty
acres; whereas, if they acted under the original
law, they would have to take in one body a h'alf
section, and thereby get perhaps some twenty-five
or thirty acres of good land in the entire location.
But if they are allowed to take it as this bill pro-
vides, in tracts of forty acres, they may get as
much as thirty or thirty-five acres in each tract.
Mr. LETCHER. Ihe explanation of the gen-
tleman from Alabama is satisfactory; but I must
1 say that this is one of the very few instances in
which the citizens of a new State or Territory—
barbarous as it may appear—actually forgot to
take the land they were entitled to.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the fol-
lowing amendment:
Strike out the following words, " is hereby authorized to
enter, fiee of charge, one section of land in legal subdivis-
ions anywhere in said townshipand insert in lieu thereof
the following: " is hereby authorized to enter, free of chat ge,
anywhere in tlte lands to which it is entitled by the existing
law, hall" a sectionof land in legal subdivisions anywhere in
said township."
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and having been engrossed, it
was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. COBB. I propose to amend the title of the
bill, as follows: insert between the words " one "
and " section " the word " half," so as to make it
read " one half section of land."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COBB. I am instructed by the Committee
on Public Lands to report back House bill No.
64, which I had referred early in the session. It
proposes the extension of the bounty land iaws to
certain officers, soldiers, and so forth. While we
had it under consideration the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims reported a bill which is pre-
cisely such a one as 1 desired to have, and which
has passed and become a law. I am, therefore,
instructed to report back the bill which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands on that
subject, and ask to have it laid on the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. COBB. 1 am also instructed by the same
committee to report a joint resolution providing
for the relief of the heirs of bounty land claimants,
who have died between certain times; that is, be-
fore they obtained the benefit of the law, and
after the filing of their papers. The resolution
provides for the case of an individual entitled to
bounty lands who has filed his application, and
afterwards died before his claim was adjudicated;
one or two years may- perhaps have elapsed be-
fore the patent issues, leaving neither widow nor
minor heir.
The present law, according to the construction
of the Secretary of the Interior, which I believe
an improper construction, has excluded such in-
dividual's legal heirs from the benefit to which
he was entitled. This resolution proposes to ob-
viate that difficulty, and I offer a bill, accom-
panying it, which was drawn up with great care
by the Commissioner of Pensions. I ask that
thev&ll be now read; and then it can be referred
osracted upon as the House may think proper.
'^The bill was then read by its title, as follows:
* A bill to amend a certain act granting bounty
lands to certain officers and soldiers who have
been engaged in the military service of the United
States; approved September 28, 1850, and March
22, 1852.
Mr. COBB. There are three propositions con-
tained in the bill which has just been read. My
opinion in relation to the various bounty land
laws—and I have had some considerable agency,
and have taken a prominent part in assisting their
passage through the House, and therefore ought
to know something in relation to them—is that
they provide for all the cases comprehended in
this bill. But the proper Department of the Gov-
ernment has construed it differently, and hence
arises the necessity of these additional provisions.
In the first place, the bill just reported provides
that an individual may make his application for a
bounty land warrant, and in case of his death,
before the warrant is granted, it makes certain
provisions to meet the case. An individual may
now make an application for a bounty land war-
rant, and if, before the application is considered
and decided upon by the Pension Office—and every
man who has been a member of this body for
four or five years, and had occasion to transact
business at that office, as I have had, is fully
aware of the tardiness with which business is
transacted there, and that applications are fre-
quently thrust aside for a long time, and in many
instances a period of one or two years elapse be-
fpre the cases are considered and decided—I say,
that in such circumstances, according to the con-
struction given to the present law by the Depart-
ment, if that man dies, although he may have
made the application two years before the period
of his death, though it may be but one day before
the warrant is issued by the Department, and
though the delay and neglect was wholly the fault
of the Department, yet if he leave no widow or
minor heirs his estate is cut ofF from any benefit
of it. Now, I ask this House if that is right?
Is it right that his estate should be deprived of the
benefit of the warrant when the individual has
been at great expense in making out the papers
and obtaining the evidence to sustain his claim;
when the delay has not arisen from any default of
his own; and when, by an act of Providence, he
has been taken away before the patent is issued ?
I know you will agree with me that it is not.
Again, in the preparation of the papers, and the
procurement of evidence, and the employment per-
haps of agents to attend to his claim, he has con-
tracted obligations and made promises, which must
be fulfilled out of his estate, and which are a
charge thereon. Now, with this state of facts ex-
isting, the question is, will you let his estate have
the benefit of the eighty or one hundred and sixty
acres, or whatever it may be, or will you allow it
to be lost entirely to his estate? The first propo-
sition contained in the bill which I have presented,
provides for it.
Allow me to say, before I proceed to the further
consideration of the several subjects embraced in
this bill, that it was drawn up by the Commissioner
of Pensions, with great care and with great ability,
as you will see by attending to the language of the
bill. 1 claim no credit on that score.
The second proposition of the bill is one which
I intended to embrace, and supposed was em-
braced, in the bill which I introduced and assisted
