1408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15.
without accomplishing any practical result. For
this reason ana for others which have been urged
by other gentlemen, and wfeich I will not trouble
the House by repeating, I think it will not be
worth while to disturb the existing laws upon the
subject. I shall, therefore, as at present advised,
withhold my support both from the bill and the
substitute, and at a proper time I shall move to
lay both upon the table, unless discussion shall
show me some virtue in them that 1 have so far
failed to perceive.
Mr. OLDS. I hope the gentleman will not
make that motion until I have had an opportunity
to reply to the objections which have been urged
to the bill.
Mr. HAVEN. Vesjr well, I will notmakethe
motion now.
Mr. COBB. I think the House are very well
satisfied with the discussion that has taken place
upon this bill, and I therefore move the previous
question upon it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. OLDS. I hope the gentleman will allow
the question to be taken upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mv. HOUSTON. I will, certainly.
Mr. OLDS. 1 demand tellers on the second.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Campbell
and Orr were appointed.
The question was taken; and the call for thepre-
viousquestion received a second, the tellers having
reported—ayes seventy-five, noes not counted.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
[Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported, as correctly enrolled, bills of the
following titles; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Speaker:
H. R. No. 57. An act regulating the pay of
deputy postmasters.
H. R. No. 311. An act for the relief of the
■widow and heirs of Elijah Beebe.]
Mr. HOUSTON. The morning hour has ex-
pired, and as the bill now under consideration is in
a condition that it will come up for action as the
first business in order to-morrow, during the
morning hour, 1 would like the House to resolve
itself now into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, to consider the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. HAVEN. We may a*3 well yield to the
suggestion of the gentleman from Alabama, as the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads desires to reply to what has been said
on the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. SKELTON. t move that the bill be laid
upon the table.
Mr. OLDS. Let me have my ^our first.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Alahama [Mr. Houston] takes pre-
cedence of the motion of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. SkeltOiY.]
The question was taken on Mr. Houston's
motion; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Orr in the chair.)
CIVIL AJN'D DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee at its last
session had under consideration the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill. The time has arrived
for the termination of general debate, under the
order of the House. The gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Houston,] who reported the bill, is
entitled under the rule to address the committee
for an hour.
Mr. HOUSTON. It would be impossible, Mr.
Chairman, to explain, within the space of an
hour, the very large number of propositions of
appropriations embraced in the bill. Even were
it possible, I do not conceive that it is necessary I
should do so. The bill provides for usual appro-
priations authorized and required by law to carry
on the civil departments of the Government.
There :s nothing: unusual in it 1 shall explain
the amendments which I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and &Ieans to submit as I ]
present them. Waiving my right to address the
committee, with a view to save time, I now call
for the reading of the bill for amendments.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by
paragraphs, for amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. A typographical error occurs
in line sixteen, page two. In order to correct it,
I move to strike out of the clause which reads
as follows:
For compensation of the officers and clerks of both
Houses of Congress, $56,130,
" one," and insert in lieu thereof " seven."
The amendment was agreed to.
The following clause was then read:
For binding documents, $70,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move the following
amendment: to strike out " $70,000," and insert
in lieu thereof <l $39,375."
This is a reduction made necessary by the fact
that the House appropriated a part of this sum in
the deficiency bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following clause was then read:
For furniture and repairs, $.3,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the com-
mittee to offer the following amendment: after
II $3,000" insert " §875."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to propose an amend-
ment, to come in at the thirty-ninth line of the
bill.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Page three, affcer word "carriages," in the thirty-ninth
line, strike out "$2,920," and insert in lieu thereof,
'<§4,745."
The clause, as amended, will read as follows:
For horses and carriages, .<$4,74,5.
Mr. HOUSTON. This is an additional esti-
mate which the Clerk of the House,has recently
sent to the Committee of Ways and Means. It
is explained in a brief paragraph, which I have
here, and which I will read, if the House desire it.
Several Members. Oh, no; agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to propose an amend-
ment to the forty-second line of the bill.
The amendment was read, as follows:
On page three, after the word " members," in the forty-
second line, strike out " $10,000," and insert in iieu thereof
"$12,500."
So as to make the clause read:
For newspapers for members, $12,500.
Mr. HOUSTON. This amendment is made
necessary by the fact that we have increased our
newspapers this session.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hold in my hand an amend-
ment which has come to me informally from the
Committee on Engraving, i am satisfied that it
ought to be presented, although the Committee of
Ways and Means have not acted on it previously.
I submit it to the House as an amendment which
ought to be agreed to. It is made necessary by
our large amount of engraving this session.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Page three, after the word " lithographing," in the forty-
third line, strike out "$23,000," and insert in lieu thereof
"$70,000."
So as to make the clause read:
For engraving and lithographing, $'70,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move to amend the
following clause:
For compensation of the First Auditor and the clerks,
messenger, and assis-tant messenger in his office,§29,700—
—by striking out " $29,700," and inserting in
lieu thereof "$3,900."
The amendment was agreed to.
] Mr. HOUSTON. 1 am also instructed by the
same committee to move to amend the following
clause:
For compensation of the Fifth Auditor and the clerks
and messengei in hi!$ office, §'14,100 —
—by striking out " $14,100," and inserting in
Ueu thereof" $13,300."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move to amend the
following clause:
For compensation of the Auditor of the Post Office
Department, and the clerks, messenger, and assistant mes-
senger in his office, $132,400— ^
—by striking out " $2,000," and also by striking
out "$400," and inserting in lieu thereof "$600."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to amend the follow-
ing clause:
For compensation of the Solicitor of the Treasury, and
the clerks and messenger in hn office, $13,400—
—by striking out " $13,400," and inserting in lieu
thereof "$12,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment. It is merely the transfer of an ap-
propriation from one head to another, at the
request of the Department: In four hundred and
sixteenth line strike out "five," and insert in
lieu thereof " four;" and m the four hundred and
nineteenth line steike out "four," and insert in
its stead " five;" so that the paragraphs will read:
For blank books, binding, and stationery, .$-500.
For miscellaneous items, including subscription to two
daily Washington newspapers, $400.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I offer the following
amendment: •
For surveying from Fort Laramie, by Noble's Pas®, in
the Sierra Nevada, into California and Oregon, and for
completing the surveys for railroads between the Missis-
sippi river and the Pacific, $50,000, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of War.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit to the
Chair whether that amendment is in order ? There
is no law authorizing that survey, I believe.
The CHAIRMAN. The first branch of the
amendment is not in order. There is no law
authorizing such a survey; and the gentleman
from California, by referring to the rules, will at
once understand the reason for the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will modify my amend-
ment, so as to make it read " for completing the
surveys for railroads between the Mississippi
river and the Pacific, §50,000; to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War."
The CHAIRMAN. It is within the recollec-
tion of the Chair that there was a law passed at
the last session authorizing those surveys.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The House has just
postponed the consideration of the bill forthe con-
struction of a railroad to the Pacific until the next
session. The surveys already made are,in many
respects, incomplete. The law authorizing the
exploration of various routes to California is a
general one. One of the most important routes
has not yet been surveyed. The object I had in
view in offering the amendment was to secure an
examination of the Noble's Pass route, so that a
report of the preliminary surveys could be pre-
sented here by December next, giving us valuable
information as to a great central route. I suppose
it is the disposition of the House seriously to
enter upon the consideration of this subject for the
purpose of action at the next session. The •
amount named in the amendment, according to
the estimates of the Secretary of War, will be
sufficient for that purpose,and sufficient,also, for
the purpose of completing the surveys already
commenceed. For the purposeof bringing before
the House at the next session, full information
upon this subject, I ask that the amendment may
be adopted, and upon it I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vail and
Bugg were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes forty-five; not a sufficient number.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. Before we leave the War
Department, I have an amendment to offer.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
For completing the works of the Harbor ot Itefuge on
Reedy Island, in the river Delaware, $30,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. Chairman, this work
was undertaken 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit that this
is not the place for an appropriation for harbor
improvements. This bill is for providing appro-
priations for a totally different class of cases, and
the amendment is altogether out of place in it.
