1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
099
in having passed through Congress on a former
occasion, but which,under the construction given
to it by the Department, has not the effect intended.
The provision is, that if a woman be a widow at
the period of the passage of the bill—although she
may have married a second time, after the death
of a husband who had absolutely rendered service
to this country—if she be a widow at the time of
the passage of the bill, she shall be entitled to the
benefit of one, or both, provided she do not get
more than one hundred and sixty acres of land.
The position of the Department upon that part
of the bill is this: They so construe it that when
the first husband of a lady has rendered the service,
and she ha,s afterwards married, even though her
second husband was dead at the time of the pas-
sage, although she is a widow, and the widow we
intended to provide for by that bill, yet she is not
allowed to receive bounty land. Is that right? If
it be the sense of the House to give the law that
construction, they can indicate it by striking out
this portion of the bill. But I think that any
one who will examine that law, must come to the
conclusion that its intention was to provide for
giving bounty land to those who were the widows
at the time of the passage of the law, whether they
had married again, and the second husband died
in the mean time or not. The Department, how-
ever, has decided that, under the existing laws,
these widows, if their husbands have died, cannot
have a warrant issued for their benefit, and it will
be for the House to determine whether this con-
struction of the law shall continue.
I now proceed to the third proposition. Aslhave
before remarked, I believe the present law ought
to be so construed as to supersede the necessity
of this action; but they have seen proper to give a
different construction, and hence we have deemed
this proposition necessary. This bill provides
that when the heir was a minor at the time of the
passage of the original law he shall be entitled
to receive the benefits of law. We have deemed
this provision eminently proper, and just, And
why ? Here is an heir who was eighteen years
old at the time of the passage of the original law.
He makes his application through his guardian
at the Department, but owing to the tardiness of
the guardian in collecting the necessary evidence,
the heir becomes of age, and is shut out from the
benefits of the act. If that was the intention of
Congress in passing the original law, and the
House think it is the proper construction, all they
have to do is to reject our recommendation; but I
am satisfied that it was the intention of the House
in passing that law to provide, first, for the sol-
diers then alive; second, for the widows of the
soldiers who had died, which were then widows,
and then for the heirs who were minors at the
time of the passage of the act, whether they were
minors at the time of the issuance of the warrant
or not.
Under the construction which has been given
by the Department, warrants have been issued
to heirs who were minors at the time of the issu-
ance of such warrants, and they have been denied
to others who were minors when the act was
passed, but who have become of age before the
warrant would have been issued. Now the ques-
tion is, will the House agree to the proposition
that this latter class of persons shall have the
benefit of the act, or will they allow the construc-
tion of the Department to stand, and after they
have been at the expense of having their papers
made out, suffer them to be denied the benefit of
the bounty land act? Gentlemen know how
difficult it is for guardians to procure such evi-
dence in many cases. Two or three years will
often elapse before the papers are completed, and
then, when they come to the Department, and ask
for the issuance of the patent, it is discovered that
the heir has become of age, and the warrant is
refused. Will the House so amend the law as
to give the construction which I maintain should
have been given to the original law, or will they
vote the amendment down ? That is the question
for them to decide.
For myself, I will say that this is a question to
which I Rave given a great deal of consideration,
and I am satisfied the proposition is right. I am
perfectly satisfied^ because I introduced the first
bounty land act into this House, and I know it was
my intention that it should receive the construc-
tion this bill provides for giving it. I have had
more to do with these bounty land laws than any
other member of Congress, and 1 think my opin-
ions in this respect are therefore entitled to some
consideration upon the part of the House. I de-
mand the previous question; but if any gentleman
wishes to make the motion to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
I will not insist upon the motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gent.eman from Alabama to witfrdraw the demand
for the previous question, to enable me to offer an
amendment to the bill.
Mr. COBB. I am satisfied that if the demand
for the previous question is withdrawn, and the bill
thrown open to amendments, that every species of
amendment which has ever been presented in ref-
erence to this bounty land question will be offered.
The bill may perhaps be so trammeled with
amendments as to defeat the very objects it was
designed to effect. I therefore think I had better
insist upon my demand for the previous question,
and if the House will not sustain me, let them
vote it down.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope that the gentleman from
Alabama will not insist on his call for the previous
question. I have an amendment to submit.
Mr. COBB. There are many other bills pend-
ing before the House to which the gentleman can
attach his proposition. This is a single measure,
and I trust that it will be speedily acted on.
Mr. BISSELL. I would ask the gentleman
from Alabama what is the nature of the bill?
Mr. COBB. The bill contemplates notlfing more
nor less than carrying out what was intended by
the passage of the bounty land law. It places a
proper construction on that law. I know I am
satisfied more of the intentions of those who
passed the bounty land law than any other mem-
ber present.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think that the
bill had better be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union) and I submit
that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama has called for the previous question, and he
declines to withdraw his call.
Mr. JONES. Then I move that the bill do lie
upon the table.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw the call for the previ-
ous question, and allow the House to take the bill
into their own hands, and do with it what they
choose.
Mr. JONES. I withdraw the motion that the
bill be laid upon the table, and move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed; on which
motion I call for the previous question.
The call for the previous question was seconded;
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken; and the motion
was agreed to, there being, on a division—ayes 79,
noes not counted.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WARREN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill, which was read a first
and second time by its title, as follows, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state, of
the Union, and ordered to be printed:
A bill to provide for the compensation of dis-
trict land officers for the performance of certain
duty now required of them by law.
Mr. WARREN. I am instructed, by the same
I committee, to report back Senate bill, (No. 228,)
with the recommendation that it do pass." It 13
the same bill which I attempted to put on its pas-
sage when it came to the House from the Senate,
it provides for the right of preemption to actual
settlers on lands reserved for railroad purposes.
The provisions of the bill sufficiently explain
themselves. I hope the House will at once put
the bill upon its passage.
The title of the bill was reported, as follows:
An act for the relief of settlers on lands reserved
for railroad purposes.
The bill was read. It provides that every set-
tler on lands withdrawn from market in conse-
quence of proposed railroads, who had settled
thereon prior to such withdrawal, shall be entitled
to preemption at the ordinary minimum to the lands
so settled on and cultivated.
Mr. ORR. I move that the bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and printed.
Mr. WARREN. I regard the passage of this
bill as important; afld if it is in order, I will mote
to suspend«the rules, to enable it to be put upon
its passage.
Mr. ORR. That is not necessary.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move to
suspend the rules; nor is it necessary. If the
House refuses to commit the bill, the question
will recur upon ordering it to a third reading.
Mr. WARREN. Then I hope the House will
refuse to commit the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What is theobject
of the bill?
Mr. ORR. It is to give the rightof preemption
to actual settlers on the lands reserved for railroad
purposes.-
The question was then taken on Mr. Orr's
motion, and it was decided in the negative; there
being, on a division—ayes 38, noes not counted.
So the House refused to commit the bill.
Mr. ORR. The bill, then, is now upon its
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
ordering the bill to a third reading.
Mr. ORR. I should like to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Warren,] if, in the
bill granting alternate sections of the public lands
to the Arkansas railroad, there was not a provis-
ion which required that the sections reserved to
the Government should be put up at public sale,
and sold ?
Mr. WARREN. Does the gentleman refer to
the Iowa bill ?
Mr. ORR. No; to the Arkansas railroad bill
passed last session.
Mr. WARREN. There was such a provision
in that bill.
Mr. ORR. That was my recollection of it, and
for that reason I moved to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union.
The Government, in these railroad grants, gives
to the companies the alternate sections within six
miles of the roads; but if they cannot get the full
complement within six miles, they may go fifteen.
Outside of the six miles there is no appreciation
in the value of the reserved lands.
Now, this proposition is to allow the settlers,
who may have gone upon the lands, perhaps
since 
Mr. WARREN. No, sir.
Mr. ORR. Well, it applies to those already on
the lands, and it allows them to enter the lands at
$2 50 an acre. No-w, part of the compensation
which the Government is to derive from the grants
of these alternate sections is the increased price of
'the reserved sections even beyond $2 50 an acre.
Some of the lands already sold near these lines of
railroad have been sold for §4, $5, $6, and $7 an
acre, and the effect of this bill will be to restrict
the Government from getting more than $2 50 an
acre for the reserved lands. For that reason 1 do
not think the bill ought to b£ passed. I am op-
posed to it, and I hope that it will be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, or rejected.
Mr. JONfcS, of Tennessee. If I understand
the object of this bill, it is to secure to persons
who are settled along the lines of railroads the
right of occupancy which they had acquired prior
to the passage of the railroad laws. 11 I am right
in this view, then, in my opinion, the bill is right,
andshould be passed. If those persons had acquired
the right of occupancy prior to the passage of the
alternate section railroad bill, nothing in those bills
should be consideied or enacted to deprive those
settlers of the rights which had thus accrued.
I suppose the bill secures to these occupants the
right to enter lands at the minimum price of fl 25
per acre, and this I think is right. I am 110 advo-
cate of vested rights, as they are sometimes called
by politicians and lawyers; but here is a right
which has accrued to the citizens who have settled
upon those lands, and to say the least of it, in my
opinion, it would be acting very badly upon the
part of the Government to deprive them of such
right under the law giving lands to companies £0
build railroads.
Mr. ORR. I do not understand that there is
any necessity to protect them in their original
rights. The railroad bill itself exempts from the
operation of alternate grants those persons who
have gone upon the lands and have preempted
them, and where they were put in a position to
enjoy them. Upon examination of the bill,! am
inclined to the opinion that it does not require
