1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2267
Prom Monson, by Shirley Mills and Shirley,
to Greenville.
From Monson, by Abbott, Parkman, South
Parkman, Dexter, Pleasant Yale, and Newport,
to Detroit.
From New Castle to Bristol.
From North'Anson, by West Emden, North
New Port, East New Portland, and Freeman, to
Strong.
From North Anson, by West Anson and East
New Vineyard, to New Vineyard.
From North Anson, by Emden, Solon", Bing-
ham, and Carritunk, to the Forks.
From North Anson, by Emden Centre, to Con-
cord.*
From North Lincoln, by Chester and West
Indian Township, to Nickerton
From North Berwick, by South Sanford, San-
ford, Spnngvale, Alfred, and Waterborough, to
Waterborough Centre.
From North New Portland, by Lexington and
Dead River, to Flag Staff.
From Norway, by Waterford, South Water-
ford, and Sweden, to Lovell.
From Orono, by Upper Stillwater, Oldtown,
Alton, and"La Grange, to Kilmarnock.
,From Oldtown, by Argyle and Edinburgh, to
Howland.
, From Passadumkeag, by Enfield and Lowell,
to Burlington.
From Patton, by Umcolcus, Masardis, and
Aroostook, to Fort Kent.
From Paris, by North Paris, West Sumner,
Sumner, East Sumner, Hartford, Canton Mills,
to Canton.
From Plantation Number Eleven, called Aroos-
took, to the east line of the State, by Presque Isle
and Fort Fairfield Plantations.
From Portland, by Falmouth, Cumberland,
Yarmouth, New Gloucester, Upper Gloucester,
West Danville, Danville, East Portland, Minot,
Mechanics' Falls, South Paris, North Paris, Bry-
ant's Pond, Lock's Mills, Bethel,. West Bethel,
Gilead, Shelburne, New Hampshire, Goiham,
Berlin Falls, Berlin, Milan, Dummer, Stark,
Northumberland, Stratford, and Bloomfield, Ver-
mont, tp Brighton.
From Portland, by Falmouth, Cumberland,
North Yarmouth, Freeport, and Brunswick, to
Bath.
From Portland, by Stevens's Plains, West Fal-
mouth, West Cumberland, Gray, West Glouces-
ter, and Poland, to Mechanics' Falls.
From Portland, by Oak Hill, Saco, Biddeford,
Kennebunk Depot, Kennebunk, Wells Depot,
North Berwick,'%nd Elliot, to Portsmouth, New
Hampshire.
From Portland, by Yarmouth,Freeport, Bruns-
wick, Topsham, Bowdoinham, Richmond, Rosen-
dale, Gardiner, Pittston, Farmingdale, and Hal-
lowell, to Augusta.
From Poitland, by South Windham, Wind-
ham, North Windham, Raymond, and Naples, to
Brulgeton.
From Portland, by Saccarappa, Gorham, West
Gorham, Standish, Steep Falls, East Baldwin,
West Baldwin, Hiram, Brownfield, Fryburgh,
and Centre Conway, New Hampshire, to Con-
way.
From Presque Isle, by Lyndon, Van Buren,
West Van Buren, Madawaska, and West Mada-
waska, to Fort Kent.
From Presque Isle, to Number Eleven, Range
Five, Aroostook.
From Railroad Junction at Danville, by Gofi s
Corners, Lewiston, Green Corner, Green, Leed s
Station, Monmouth, Winthrop, Readfield, Bel-
grade, and West Waterville, to Waterville.
From Rail road Depot, by W elch vi I le, to O xford.
From Railroad Depot, by Oxford, Otisfield,
Casco, and Edes Falls, to Naples.
From Raymond, by East Raymond, Casco,
and Otisfield, to Bolster's Mills.
From Readfield, by Kent's Mills, Fayette Mills,
North Fayette, Livermore Falls, Jay Bridge, and
North Jay, to Wilton.
From Readfield, by Kent's Mills, Fayette,
North Fayette, South Chesterville, Chesterville,
North Chesterville, and East Wilton, to Wilton.
From Richmond to Lewiston, (Androscoggin
C- H.) , • _ , T •
From Rockland, by Rockport, Camden, Lm-
colnvslle, Northport, and East Northport, to Bel-
fast.
From Rockland, by Thomaston, Warren, Wal-
doborough, Nobleborough, Newcastle, Sheep-
scott Bridge, Wiscassett, and Woolwich, to Bath._
From Rockland to Maiinicus.
From Rockland to Isle au Hnut.
From Skowhegan, by Cornville, Athens, Brigh-
ton, Kingsbury, Blanchard, and Shirley, to Green-
ville.
From Skowhegan, by East Madison and South
Solon, to Solon.
From Southwest Harbor to Cranberry Isle.
From Sprwgvaie, by Alfred, Ross Corners,
Newfieid, South Parsoniieid, and Parson fields to
Effingham, New Hampshire.
From South Paris, by Norway,Worth Norway,
Greenwood, Lock's Mills, to Bethel.
From South Paris to Norway.
From South Pfiris, by Harrison, North Bridge-
ton, and West Bridgeton, to Fryburgh.
From South Parish, by Snow's Falls, Wood-
Stock, North Woodstock, Rumford, Rumford
Point, and South Andover, to Andover.
From Standish, by East Limington, .North
Limington, Limington, Cornish, and K>gar Falls,
to Porter.
From Strong, by West Freeman, to Salem.
From Thomaston, by St. George and Tenant's
Harbor, to St. George.
From Thomaston, by Cushing, to Friendship.
FromTilden,by Amherst and Aurora, to Town-
ship.
From Union, by North.Union and Washington,
to Light's Corners.
From Waterville, by Kendall's Mills, Fairfield
Corners, Pishon's Ferry,Canaan,and West Hart-
land, to Hartland. ^ .
From Waterville, by Winslaw, Benton, Clin-
ton, Burnham Village, East Burnham,Troy Cen-
tre, Troy, North Dixmont, Nonh Newburgh,
North Hampden, West Hampden, and Hamp-
den, to Bangor.
From Waterville, by Fairfield, Larone, Oseolo,
to Norridgewock.
From Waterville, by Kendall's Mills and Ben-
ton, to Unity. .
From Waterville, by Benton, Clinton, Burn-
ham Village, East Pittsfield, Detroit, Plymouth,
Etna Centre, Carmel, and Hermon,to Bangor.
From Waterboro' Centre, by Limerick and
Limington, to Standish.
From Waldoboro', by South Waldoboro'.and
Friendship, to Cushing.
From Waterford, by North Waterford, Last
Stoneham, North Lovell, and Centre Lovell, to
Lovell.
From Wilton, by North Wilton, to Temple
Mills. „ T.
From Winthrop, by Wayne, East Livermore,
North Livermore, Canton, Dtxfield, Mexico, East
Rumford, to Bryant's Pond.
From Winthrop, by Wayne, North Leeds,
North Turner Bridge, North Turner, South Strat-
ford, Buckfieid, West Buckfieid, and Parts, to
South Paris.
From Wiscasset, by Dresden Mills and Dres-
den, to Richmond. i t~i .
From Wiscasset, by Alua, Whitfield, and Last
Pittston and Pittston, to Gardiner.
From Wiscasset, by North Edgecomb, Edge-
comb, North Boothbay, and Boothbay, to Hodg-
son's Mills.
From Yarmouth, by North Yarmouth, Last
North Yarmouth, Poland, West Durham, Dur-
ham, Lisbon, Webster, and Wales, to Monmouth.
JVew Hampshire.—From Amherst, by Milford,
East Wilton, Wilton, Mason, and Mason Vil-
lage, to New Ipswich.
From Barrington, by Centre StrafFord and Cen-
tre Barnstead, to Barnstead.
From Berlin Falls, by Berlin, to Milan.
From Bradford, by Newbury and Newport, to
Claremont.
From Bristol, by Bridgewater and Hebron, to
Grnton.
From Bristol, by Bridgewater and West Ply-
mouth, to Rumney.
From Brookline to Railroad Depot at Pepper-
ville.
From Canterbury Depot, by Canterbury, to
Shaker Village.
From Charleston, by Acworth, to Lempster.
From Chester, by Derry, to Lawrence, Massa-
chusetts.
From Claremont, by Cornish Flats, Meriden,
and East Plainfield, to Lebanon.
From Concord, by West Concord, Hopkinton,
Contotook Village, Warner, Bradford, Newbury,
and Newport, to Claremont.
From Concord, by-Canterbury, Sanbornton
Bridge, Sanbornton, East- Sanbornton, North
Sanbornton, Guilford Lake Village, New Hamp-
ton, Weir's Bridge, Meredith Village, Holder-
ness, Plymouth, West Ply mouth, Rumney, West
Rumney, and Wentworth, to Warren.
From Concord, by Chichester,North Chiches-
ter, Pittsfield, Barnstead, StrafFord, and Barring-
ton, to Dover.
From Concord, by Loudon, Loudon Ridgeand
Gilmanton, to Gilmanton Iron Works.
From Concord, by Loudon, Loudon Centre,
Lower Gilmanton, and Gilmanton Iron Works,
to Alton.
From Concord, by North Dunbarton, to Dun-
barton.
From Concord, by WesJ Concord, Mast Yard,
Hopkinton, Contotook. Village, and Warner, to
Bradfoid. '
From Concord, by Fisherville, Boscawen, Sal-
isbury, Franklin, East Andover, Andover, West
Andover, Danbury, Grafton,Grafton Centre, East
Canaan, Canaan, Enfield, West'Canaan, North
Enfield, East Lebanon, Lebanon, WestLebanon,
to White River Junction, Vermont, with a branch
from Franklin, byHill, to Bristol.
From Concord, by Pembroke, Alien town, South
Deerfield, Candia, Raymond, Epping, Stratham,
and Greenland, to Portsmouth.
From Concord, by Chichester, Epsom, West
North wood, East Northwood, and Nottingham
Turnpike, to Durham.
From Concord, by Hookset, Amoskeag, Man-
chester, Reed's Ferry .Thornton's Ferry, Nashua,
Tyngsborough, Massachusetts, North Chelms-
ford, and Middlesex Village, to Lowell. _
From Contotook Village, by Henniker, to
Hillsboro'Bridge.
From Conway, by North Conway, Lower
Bartlett, Bartlett, Harts, Location, Crawfbrd
House, White Mountain, and Bethlehem, to Lit-
tleton.
From Dover, by Gonie, Rochester, Farming-
ton, New Durham, Downing's Mills, and Alton,
to Alton Bay.
From Dover, by North Harrington, Strafford
Corners, and North Strafford, to North Barn-
stead.
From Dublin, by Harrisville and Nelson, to
Munsonville.
From East Wilton, by Peterborough, Dublin,
and Marlborough, to Keene. ,
From East Wilton, by South Lyndeborough,
Greenfield, Hancock, South Stoddard, Stoddard,
Marlow, and New Alstead, to PaperMill Village.
From Epping, by Nottingham, Northwood,
and Epsom, to Pittsfield.
From Erroll to Letter B.
From Exeter, by Kingston, Danville, Chester,
and Auburn, to Manchester.
From Exeter, by Brentwood,Poplin, and South
Raymond, to Raymond.
From Farmington, by Middleton, South Wolf-
borough, Wolfborough, Mackerel Corner, Tufton-
borough, Melvin Village, East Moultonborough,
Moultonborough, and Sandwich, to Centre Sand-
|| wich. .
I From Franklin, by Hill, to Bristol.
I From Gilnanton, by Gilmanton Iron Works
i and South Alton, to Farmington.
From Great Falls, by Rochester and South Mil-
ton , to Milton.
From Haverhill, by Haverhill Centre, to Ben-
'°From Hillsborough Bridge, by Antrin, to Ben-
nlFrom Hillsborough Bridge, by Hillsborough,
North Branch, South Stoddard, Munsonville, and
East Sullivan, to Keene.
From Hollis to the Railroad Depot.
From Jaffrey, by East Jaffrey and Rindge, to
Winchendon.
From Keene, by Sullivan and Gilsrun, to Mar-
low. ,
From Keene, by Chesterfield Factory and Ches-
terfield, to Brattleborough.
From Keene, by Swanzey, to Richmond.
From Kingston, by Danville and Sandown, to
Easteh ester.
