THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C." RIVES~ WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 16, 1854.
New Series No. 89.
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly, theamendmentis
not in order here
Mr. CHANDLER. The bill is as much for
cases of this kind as anything else.
I beg leave to say, that this work was com-
menced last year, and it would be an immense ad-
vantage to have it completed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inquire
from the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means if there is not a section of the bill
under which this amendment would appi oprmtely
come in?
Mr. HOUSTON. That amendment belongs
entirely to another bill, and is not applicable to
this,
Mr. CHANDLER. To a bill into which we
are not likely to get it.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. I
believe that provision is made in the river and
harbor bill for this very work.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no such appropri-
ation as that in this bill, according to my recollec-
tion. I believe I may say, further, that no such
appropriation has ever been made in the civil and
diplomatic bill. If that appropriation were al-
lowed to go into this bill, what would be the use
of a river and harbor improvement bill, or a forti-
fication bill (
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 believe we could dis-
pense with those lulls.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment in question
can be proposed when bills of that kind are under
consideration.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly it could; but if
this work be not completed now 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The Chair
rules the amendment out of order, on the ground
that the committee is considering the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill. This item is in
order, to a general appropriation bill, but it is not
to the civil and diplomatic bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. The decision of the Chair,
I suppose, is right, according to the letter of the
rule; but I only say that we are losing more than
$30,000 for the want of an early appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. That maybe.
Mr. FLORENCE. I suppose that if unani-
mous consent is given, it can come in. i ask that
it may be received by general consent.
Mr. JON ES, of Tennessee. The gentleman is
not in earnest about that, and I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to add to the clause
under consideration, after the woid s< streets," the
words " or such other buildings as the Secretary
of War may select;" so that it shall read:
Pot rent of house on northwest corner of F am! Seven-
teenth streets, or such oilier buildings as the Secretiny of
Wat may select, and warming all the rooms in it, j$21,$75.
The object of the amendment is to authorize
the Secretary of War, in the event that notice
shall be given by Mr. Winder that he will require
his building to be delivered up at the end of the
fiscal year, to rent other buildings.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer an amend-
ment, to come in after the first clause of the bill,
under the head of " Post Office Department."
The amendment is rendered necessary by the
recent lettmgs, which accumulated so much labor
that temporary clerks had to be employed.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
For compensation to temporary clerks, necessarily em-
ployed from the 9th of May, J.K53, to the 30ih of June, 1854,
$1,150 98.
The amendment was agreed to.
When the following paragraph was read:
For contingent expenses of said Territory [Oregon]
$1,500,
Mr. LANE, of Oregon, moved to amend by
adding the words:
That George L. Carrv, Secretary ot Oregon, he allowed
and paid the salary of Governor for and during the time he
dischaiged the duties of Governor m the year 1853.
Mr. L. said: In order that the committee may
understand the amendment which I propose, I
 9
will say that the Secretary of Oregon is, by law,
allowed a salary of $1,500 per annum for his ser-
vices. That is the only compensation which he
j receives. But the law makes it his duty, upon
j the death or absence of the Governor, tn perform
j the duties of that officer. Such happened to be the
; case in Oregon last year. I went out there as
, Governor, and entered upon the duties of my
: office; but after two days I resigned. The duties
of Governor then devolved upon the Secretary of
: the Territory. Ii-e continued to discharge those
| duties for six months, at which time the gentle-
; man who had been appointed to fill the vacancy
i occasioned by my resignation arrived. Now, sir,
1 as tlie salary of the Secretary is very small, I hope
; he will be allowed to receive the salary of Gov-
, ernor during the time that he discharged the duties
of that office.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I am instructed by the Com-
; mittee of Ways and Means to move the insertion
of the following, after the appropriations for
Washington Territory:
TFRRITOllY OF KANSAS.
For salaries of Governor, three judges, and secretary,
$10,01)0.
For contingent ^Kpen'ses of said Temtory, {$1,500.
For compensation and mileage ol the members of the
Legislative Assembly, offieeis, clerks, and contingent ex-
penses of the A&senihly, #20,UU0.
TERRITORY OF Nfc'BUASKA.
For salaries of Governoi, tiiree judges, and secretary,
$10,m
For contingent expenses of said Territory, ,$',300.
Foi compensation arid mileage of member* of the Legis-
lative Asst.mbiv, officers, cJeik*, and contingent expends
of the Assembly, #:2U,OOU.
I have but a word to say m explanation of the
amendment. The sum proposed to be appropu-
ated is the gross amount of the salaries provided
for by the Nebraska-Kansas bill passed recently.
The committee presumed that it was the wish of
members to make the same appropriations for the
contingent expenses of the Executive and Legis-
lative Departments of these Territories as have
been made for our other Teiritories.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. At the request of the
■ gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] the
' chairman of the Committee on Ten itories, who is
now absent, I move to msertafter the amendments
just adopted what follows:
That ,$500 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, to
be paid out of any money in the Tiea-airy not otherwise
appropriated, for the purchase of books for the territorial
libraries tor each ol tiic Temtories of Minnesota, Oregon,
Utah, New Mexico, and Washington, to be expended under
the dnection of the Secretary of the inteiior.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman will also
provide for Kansas and Nebraska.
Mr. TAYLOR. I have no objection, and so
modify my amendment. Without detaining the
committee, I will only say, that the amendment is
recommended by the Committee on Teintoiies.
Mr. HAVEN. I submit whether the amount
is not too large for Kansas and Nebraska, until
their population shall have increased beyond what
it now is ?
Mr. TAYLOR. The money is to be expended
under the dnection of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and he will judge whether it be too much.
Mr. ENGLISH. As the amendment now
reads, gentlemen will find that it only provides
$500 for ail these libraries, when the intention is
to appiopnate $500 for each of them.
Mr. TAYLOR.. I intended it to provide §500 \
for each of the Territories.
Mr. HUGHES. I trust my colleague [Mr.
Havev] will withdraw any objection to this ap-
propriation; for although the inhabitants of those
Territories are rather.sparse, he will remember
that all the laws of the United States have been
made applicable there, and they will require this
law library in order to understand them.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was ameed to.
Mr LANE, of Oregon, I offer the following
; amendment;
Disbursements having been made from the appropria-
tions for compensation* and mileages of the members of tho
Legislative Assent hi), officers, and officers' clerks, and the
contingent expense*. by the Secretaries of Oregon, Minne-
sota, and Utah, under the authority of temloria! laws or
resolutions, and the accounting officers of the Treasury
having disallowed several payments, in settling tire ae-
| counts with saidTerritories, because they wore not author-
j t'/ed by the act of August 529, 1842, liie Secretary of the
j Treasury is hereby empowered to cause credits to he given
j ti) said Secretaries for such disbursements so disallowed, as
i ho shall find lo be equitable and jusi.
1 Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know anything
j about this matter, more than 1 gather from the
' statement of facts here presented. I take it for
i granted that they are true; but I think that they
j ought not to form a part of the law. If an appro-
! pnation is to be made for the purpose asked by
the gentleman from Oi egon, would it not be better
to make it directly, without stating the facts, in
the law ?
Mr. LANE. I am willing to strike out the
things indicated by the gentleman from Alabama;
but there are very good reasons why the amend-
ment should be adopted, if it is not m the proper
form, I will thank any gentleman to put it in shape.
The secretaries of the Territory of Oregon have
had some difficulty in getting their accounts set-
tled. I have consulted the officers at the Treasury
Department, and have leceived their advice in re-
gard to this matter. I will say, further, that we
ask no appropriation of money, for we have a
surplus now, and have never used the appropria-
tions heretofore made. There is an amount now
due Oiegon of some $15,000 or $20,000. Many
of the accounts of the late secretaiies of the Ter-
ritory that ought to be allowed have been sus-
pended. They have expended money which was
not authorized, as the Secretary of the Treasury
believes, by the law of 1842; but unless the law
is made more plain that authorizes their accounts
to be settled and allowed, they will be losers to a
large amount that they have paid and honestly
disbursed.
Now, no gentleman of this committee, 1 am
sure, wants that to be the case We want them
to have credit for all the money which they have
disbursed, and nothing more. An amendment like
this is necessary for the settlement of their ac-
counts, and I ask that it may be agreed to in some
shape.
1 have a communication here in relation to this
matter from the Comptroller. I have been very
careful in regard to it. I will send it up to the
Clerk's desk, and let him read it for the informa-
tion of the committee.
Portion of the communication was read; and is
as follows:
£c The amendment, if adopted, will not take any money
from tin; Tieas-ury.
" None ol thi.se Territories have expended all the money
Congie^-s has appropriated, from time to time, 1 for com-
pensation and mileage of the members of the Legislative
Assembly, officers, clerks, and contingent expenses.'
-'The following balances stand to their credit on the
books of the Trea^uiy Department, to wit:
Oregon .' $31,467 39
Minnesota    %950 51
Utah 45,368 40
"The account5! of the different secretaries of the Terri-
tory of New Mevico have been satisfactorily settled.
"No account from the secretary of Washington Terri-
tory has been received, and therefore no relief is necessary
tor them.
v'The balances are given to show that the Territories
have not exceeded the appropriations made by Congress, if
all fhe disallowances were eiedited.
" Most sinceiely yours,
"J2LISIIA WHITTLESEY."
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I am requested by
the Delegate from Utah, [Mr.Bernhisel.,] whom
I do not now see in his seat, to offer an amend-
ment to the bill under consideration. It is a joint
resolution reported by ihe chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories some time since, to pay
the expenses of a board of commissioners, ap-
pointed under a legislative act of the Territory of
Utah, to prepare a code of laws for the Territory.
1 think this is a proper place, and the only place,
in the bill for its introduction.
The amendment was reported, as follows;
