700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
them to pay #2 50 per acre, but only requires
them to pay $1 25. *
Mr. JONES. That is right.
Mr. ORR. I do not think that it is right, and
I,do not believe that we ought to pass the bill.
Mr. JONES. I move the previous question.'
, Upon the demand for seconding the previous
question, a division being had, there were—ayes
66, noes not counted.
Mr. JONES demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Campbell and Churchwell
were appointed.
The~question was then taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 82, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
mam question was ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order now to move
to lay the bill on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I submit that motion.
The question was put on the motion to lay the
bill on the table, and a division was called for.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the
question being put, there were—yeas 43, nays
142; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Ban, Banks, Belcher, Bocnck,
Boyce, Cliastnin, ('ullom, Dent, Franklin, Fuller, Gid-
dings, Grey, Darnel T. Jones, Keitt, Kutredge, Leichur,
Lyon, M<jcdonald, MoNair, McQueen, Matteson, Maurice,
Meaeham, Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Orr, Peck, Pratt,
Puryenr, Rnbbius, Ruffin. Sahin, Tracy, Vail, Wade, Wal-
bndee, Walsh, Israel Washburn, Tappan Wentwoiih,
West brook, and Wheeler—43.
NAY?—Me.-sra Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis
Allen, Appleton, Ashe, Bat k-dale, Bennett, Benson, Ben
ton, ttissell, Bugg, Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Cham-
berlain, Chandler, Chase, CliurcbwelU Clark, Clingm.in,
Cobb, Coiwui, Cox, Crocker, Curtis, John G Davis, Thom-
as Davi;-., Dawson, Do Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Disney,
Dowdfll, Dunbar, Eastman. Eddy, Edgerton, Edmands,
Elliott, Ellison, English, Ethendge. Everlmn, Farley, Ecu-
ton, Flagler, Florence, Gamble, Goodrich, Greenwood,
Grow, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Andiew .1. Harlan, Samp
eon W. (lams Wiley P. Harris, Harrison, Hasimns, Havr-ii,
I-tandncks, Uenn, Niester, Hill, Houston, Hughe-, John-
son, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Roland Jones,
Kerr, Kidwell, Knox, Kurtz, Lane, Latham,Lindley, Mc-
Otillotb, McDougall, MoMuIini, M-ioe, Macy, Maxwell,
Middleswnrth, John G- MilJei. Smith Miller, Nichols, No-
ble, Norton, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Pack-
er, Parker, Peokham, Penmngton, Bishop Perkins, John
Perkins Phelps, Phillips Powell, Priuglu. Ready, Ree^e,
Richardson, Riddle, David Ritchie, Thomas Rttchey, Ro-
gers, Russell. Sage, Reward, Seymour, Shannon, Shower,
Simmons, Singleton, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, Samuel A.
Smith, William K. Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Hestor L. Stevens, Siraub,
Andrew Stuart, John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor,Thurston,
Trout, Uphnni, Vaosant, Walley, Warren, Elhhu B. Wash-
biirnc, Wells. John Wentworth, Witte, Daniel B. Wright,
Hendnek B. Wright, Yaies, and Zollicoffep—14*2.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
Previous to the Speaker announcing the result,
Mr. INGERSOLL asked theunanimous consent
of the House to vote, and voted "No."
The SFEAICER. The Chair begs pardon.
The Chair understood the gentleman to ask to
change hi« vote.
Mr. INGERSOLL, No. I merely asked the
unanimous consent of the House to vote.
Several Members objected.
Mr. EDGERTON. Mr. Speaker, is the morn-
ing hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired; but the House has ordered the main ques-
tion to be now put, which is controlling.
The bill was then read a third time by its title.
Mr. ORR. I move to reconsider the vote just
taken, by which the bill was ordered to be read a
third time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move the previous ques-
tion upon it.
Mr. ORR. That motion is debatable, I believe.
Is it not, Mr. Speaker?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. COBB. Has the gentleman the floor to
debate itr
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina made the motion, and is still upon the
floor, and entitled to speak to it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I would inquire of the
Chair whether the morning hour has expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
NEBRASKA AJND KANSAS.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to submita mo-
tion, that the House resolve itselfinto the Commit-
tee ©f the Whole on tfre state of the Union. I
wish, at as early a period as possible, to reach the
bill which is lying upon your table for the organ-
ization of the Territories ofNebraskaand Kansas.
The SPEAKER. The Ciiair would remind
the gentleman that he cannot, under the rules of
the House, take the floor from the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] for the purpose
of making such a motion.
Mr. ORR. I have no objection to yielding the
floor to the gentleman from Illinois, for I suppose
1 should be entitled to it again upon my motion to-
morrow morning?
The SPEAKER. Under the common practice
of the House the gentleman would.
Mr. EDGERTON. Is it in order to move to'
go to business upon the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. -It is.
Mr. EDGERTON. Then I make the motion.
Mr. RICHARDSON". I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The question was put upon the latter motion;
and there were, upon a division—ayes 74, noes
112; whereupon
Mr. CLINGMANdemanded theyeasandnays;
which were ordered.
Mr. BOCOCK. I wish to propound a question
to the Chair, for the purpose of informing myself
in relation to the order of succession of business.
1 wish to know of the Speaker whether the bill for
the organization of the Territories of Nebraska
and Kansas can come up in the Committee of the
Whole for consideration without laying aside
every other bill upon the Calendar which is be-
fore it; and, among others, the bill providing for
the construction of six steam-frigates?
The SPEAKER. Under the rules of the House,
the Chair would state that it is not competent to
move, in committee, to take up a bill unless it be
the first upon the Calendar, except they are gen-
eral appropriation bills. To reach a bill not first
upon the Calendar, the motion must be to lay
aside numbers 1,2, 3, &c., until you reach the
bill you desire to take up. You cannot move to
take up a particular bill unless it be one of the
appropriation bills. The committee is confined,
under the rules, to the bills in their order as
marked upon the Calendar.
Mr. CUTTING. Will the chairman of the
committee which reported the Nebraska bill allow
me to ask him if it is his intention to take up that
bill in committee?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly it is.
Mr. CUTTING. I desire to make a single
suggestion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can proceed
only by unanimous consent.
Mr. CUTTING. I do not wish to enter into
any debate, but merely to make a suggestion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand the motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole is not de-
batable. I object to any discussion.
The SPEAKER. 1 he gentleman then cannot
make his suggestion.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative—yeas 84, nays 108; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombic, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Ashe, Harksdale, Benton, Be>sell, Bocock,
Boyeo, Breckimidge, Brooks, Carutherp,Chastain,Chureh-
well, Clai k, Ciingtnan, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Oraige, John
G. Davis, Dawson, Dent, J)mvdeJl, Dunbar, Elliott, Eng-
lish, Ewmg, Faulkner, Florence, Goode, Greenwood,
Grey, Hamilton, Wiley P. Harris Henn, Hibbard, Hous-
ton, Ingersoll, Johnson. Geoige W. Jones, J Glancy Jones,
Roland Jones, Kent, Kulwell. Kurtz, Latham, Lindley,
Macdonald, McDoui.mII, McMullin, McQueen, Macy,
Maxwell, John G. Miller, Smith Miller, MilNon, Mordecai
Oliver, Oir, Packer, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Pow-
ell, Preston, Reese, Richardson, Kiddle, Robbins, Ruffm,
Seward, Shaw. Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William R.
Smith, Geoige W. Smvth, Frederick P. Stanton, John J.
Taylor, Vail, Walsh,'Daniel B. Wright, Iiendrick B.
Wrisht. and Zollicofler—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Appleton, Ball, Banks, Belcher, Ben-
nett, Benson, Bliss. Buiis, Campbell, Carpenter, Chamber-
lain, Chandler, Chase, Corwm, Crocker, Cullom, Cutting,
Thomas? Davis, De Witt, Pick, Dickinson, Eastman,
Eddy, Edgerum, Bdm.iiids Ellison, Ethendge, Everhait,
Farl'-v, Fenton, Flakier, Franklin, Gamble, Giddings,
Goodrich, Green, Grow, Aaron Hailan. Andiew J. Hailan,
Harrison, Hastings Haven, Hie.;te.r, Hill, Hughes, Hunt,
Daniel T. Jones, Kittredge, Knox, Lane, Jjilly, Lyon,
McCulloch, Mace, Matteson, Maurice, Mayall, Meactiain,
Middleswaith, Morgan, Moruson, Murray, Nichols, Noble,
Noiton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peck, Peckham, Penning-
ton, Bishop Petkms, Pratt, Pringle,Puryear, Ready, David
Rut-hie, Thomas Ritehey, Rngeis, Russell, Sabin, Sage,Sey-
mour, Shannon, Simmons, Skelton,Gerrit Smith,Richaid
H. Stanton, Hestor L. Stevens Straub. Andrew Stuart,
John Li. Taylor, Thurston, Tracy, Trout, Upliam, Vansant,
Wade, Walbri'dge, Walley, BUihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth,
Westbrook, Wheeler, Witte, and Yates—108.
So the House refused to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table; and, having been taken, was de-
cided in the affirmative.
TWO JUDICIAL DISTRICTS FOR ARKANSAS.
The House then proceeded to take up from the
Speaker's table and consider House bill (No. 14)
to amend an act entitled "An act to divide the
State of Arkansas into two judicial districts;'*
which had been returned from the Senate with
an amendment.
The bill and amendment were read by the Clerk.
The bill provides,thatupon conviction of offend-
ers in the western judicial district of the State of
Arkansas for offenses to which punishment by con- ,
finementin the penitentiary is annexed, it shall be
lawful for the court before convictions have or may
be had, to sentence convicts to undergo imprison-
ment m the penitentiary house of the State, in the
eastern judicial district, in the same manner as
though the penitentiary house was situated in the
western judicial district of the State; and that the
counties of Sevier and Sebastian, in said State, are
hereby added to and made a part of the said west-
ern judicial district.
The amendment to the bill is as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That when any per-
son shall be convicted, m the district court tbr the western
district of Arkansas, ol any offense, committed after the
passage of this act, the punishment oj part of the punish-
ment whereof is imprisonment by the laws now existing-,
the said punishment or part of the punishment shall be con-
finement and imprisonment, with haid labor, for the same
length of time, and shall be carried into effect as provided
in the preceding section.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That nothing con-
tained in the twenty-fifth section of an aet entitled "An act
to regulate intercourse with the Indian tribes, and preserve
peaee on the frontiers," approved 30th of June, 1814, shall
be constiued to extend or apply lo said Indian country any
of the laws enacted tor the District of Columbia, and that
nollung contained in the twentieth section of the said act,
which provides for the punishment of offenses therein spe-
cified, shall be construed to extend to any Indian commit-
ting said offenses in the Indian country, or to any Indian
committing any offense who has been punished by the local
law of the tribe, or m any case where, by treaty stipula-
tions, the exclusive jurisdiction over such offenses may
now or hereafter be secured to said Indian tribes, respect-
ively, and anything in said act inconsistent with this act be,
and the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That any white per-
son who shall hereafter set fire, or attempt to set fire, to any
house, out-house, cabin, stable} or other building, in said
Indian country, to whomsoever belonging; and any Indian
who shall fe-et fire to any house, out-house, cabin, stable, or
other building, in said Indian country, belonging to or in
lawful possession of a white person, in whole or in part,
and whether the-same be consumed or not, shall be deemed
guilty of a felony, and shall be punished by eonfinementand
imprisonment, with hard labor, for not more than twenty-
one nor less than two years.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That any white per-
son who shall make an assault upon an Indian, or other
person, oi any Indian who shall make an assault upon a
white person, within said Indian country, with a gnn, nfte,
sword, pistol, knife, or any other deadly weapon, with in-
tent to kill or maim the person so assaulted, shall be
deemed guilty of a felony, and shall, on conviction, be
punished with confinement and imprisonment, with hard
labor, for not more than five years, nor less than one
year. ^
Sec. 6. AnJ be it further enacted, That in all criminal
cases, upon indictment, for offenses committed m said In-
dian country, pnor to the crcation of said western district
of Arkansas, now pending in the circuit court of the United
States for the eastern district of Arkansas, process lor wit-
nesses residing or to be found in said western district may
issue to the marshal of said eastern district, and be exe-
cuted by him in any part of said western district; and that
the fees of all witnesses so summoned shall be paid by the
United States.
Mr. PECKHAM. Is itjn order to refer the
bill and amendment to the Committee on the
Judiciary?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. PECKHAM. I make that motion.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the motion. There are one or two sim-
ple amendments to it, to which J am sure there
will be no objection. It is very important that
the bill should be passed at the earliest possible
moment, and I hope we shall pass it at once.
Mr. PECKHAM. If the gentleman will con-
sent to have the bill laid aside for the present, I
will withdraw the motion.
Mr. GREENWOOD. It will take but a mo-
ment to pass the bill. I will explain the amend-
ment in a few words, if the gentleman desires to
he&r the explanation.
