1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
From Troy to North Troy.
From Troy, by WestNewport, Coventry, and
Irasburg, to Barton.
From Vergennes, by Addison, Bridgeport,
Shoreham, Orwell, Benson, and West Haven, to
White Hall, New York.
From Waterford to Littleton, New Hampshire.
From Waterbury, by Stow and Morrisville, to
Hyde Park.
From Wethersfield,by Ascutneyvilleand West
Claremont, to Claremont Depot.
From Well's River to Ryegate.
From West Milton, by South Hero, Grand
Isle, North Hero, and Isle La Mott, to Alburgh.
From West Rutland, by Clarendon Springs, Ira,
Tinmouth, and Danby Four Corners, to Danby.
From West Townshend, by South Windham,
to Windham.
From White River Junction, by Hanover, New
Hampshire; Norwich, Vermont; Union Village,
Pompanoosac, Lyme, New Hampshire; North
Thetford, Vermont; East Thetford, Orford, New
Hampshire; Fail lee, Vermont; Piermont, New
Hampshire; South Bradford, Vermont; Bradford,
Haverhill, New Hampshire; Newbury, Vermont;
Well's River, Mclndoes Falls, Barnet, and Pas-
sumsic, to St. Johnsbury.
From Windsor,by Brownsville, Felchville, Up-
per Falls, and Cavendish, to Proctorsville.
From Windsor, by Plainfield, New Hampshire;
Hartland, Vermont;North Hartland, White Puver
Junction, Hartford, West Hartford, Sharon, South
Royalton, Royalton, Bethel, West. Randolph,
West Braintree, Roxbury, Northfield, Montpe-
lier, Middlesex, Waterbury, Bolton, Jonesville,
Richmond, Williston, Painesville, and Winooski
Falls, to Burlington.
From Woodstock, by Bridgewater, Plymouth,
and Tyson Furnace, to Ludlow.
From Woodstock, by South Woodstock, Read-
ing, Felc'nville, Upper Falls, Perkinsville, North
Springfield, and Springfield,to Charlestown, New
Hampshire.
From Woodstock, by South Pomfret, Pomfret,
and Snow's Store, to West Hartford.
Massachusetts.—From Attleboro', by North At-
tleboro', to South Attleboro'.
From Amherst, byLeverett,Shutesbury,North
Prescott, New Salem, and North New Salem, to
Orange.  "
From Ashburnham Junction, by Gardner,South
Gardner, Baldwinsville, Templeton, Philipeton,
South Royalton, Athol, Orange, Wendell Depot,
Erving, Grout's Corners, Northfield, Vernon, and
Hinsdale, to Brattleborough, Vermont.
From Athol," by North Orange, Warwick,
Winchester, West Winchester, and Hinsdale, to
Brattleborough, Vermont.
From Auburndale Station to Newton Lower
Falls.
From Baldwinsville Depot, by Templeton, to
Philipston.
From Braintree Depot, by Weymouth, East
Weymouth, and Hingham, to Cohnsset.
From Boston, by Dorchester, to Milton.
From Boston, by Roxbury, to Jamaica Plains.
From Boston, by Harrison Square, Neponset
Village, duincy, Braintree, South Braintree, South
Weymouth, Abington, Hanson, South Hanson,
and Kingston, to Plymouth.
From Boston, by West Roxbury, Dedham,
South Medham, Walpole, East Medfield, South
Walpole, East Medway, West Medway, North
Wrentham, Wrentham, Franklin City, Franklin,
South Franklin, Bald Hill, Billingham, South
Billingham, and Woonsocket Falls, Rhode Island,
to Blackstone, Massachusetts.
From Boston, by Lynn, Salem, Beverly, Hamil-
ton, Wenham, Ipswick, Newbury port, East Salis-
bury, Seabrook, New Hampshire, Hampton Falls,
Hampton, Northampton, and Greenland depot,
to Portsmouth.
From Boston, by West Medford, Winchester,
East Woburn, Wilmington, and North Billerica,
to LowefcK
From Boston, by Canton, Sharon, East Fox-
boro', Mansfield, Attleboro', SeekcJnk, and Paw-
tucket, Rhode Island, to Providence.
From Boston, by Somerville, Waltham, Lin- i
coin,"Concord,South Acton, West Acton, Little- 1
ton, West Littleton, South Groton, Shirley, Shir-
ley Village, Leominster, and North Leominster,
to Fitchburgh.
From Boston, by Maiden, Melrose, Medford,
Stoneham, South Reading, Reading, Wilming-
ton, Ballardvale, Andover, Sutton's Mills, North
Andover, Lawrence, " Haverhill, Plaistow, New
Hampshire, Newton depot, East Kingston, Exe-
ter, South New Market, New Market, Durham,
Dover, Salmon Falls, and South Berwick, Maine,
to South Berwick Junction. .
From Boston to Charlestown.
From Boston, by Cambridgeport, to Cambridge.
From Boston, by Brighton, Newton, West
Newton, West Needham, Natick, South Fr&m-
ingham, Ashland, Cordaville, Westborough, and
New England Village, to Worcester.
From Chatham, by North Chatham, EastHar-
wick, and South Orleans, to Orleans.
From Charlton Depot, by Charlton and South-
bridge, to Globe Village.
From Chester Village, by Ringville, to Worth-
ington.
From Cohasset, by North Scituate, Scituate,
and East Marshfield, to Marshfield.
From Cordaville, by Hopkinton and South-
boro', to Woodville.
From Dedham, by West Dedham, Medfield,
and Rockville, to Franklin City.
From Dedham Junction, by Dedham, South
Dedham, Walpole, East Walpole, South Walpole,
Franklin City, and Franklin, to Waterford.
From East Foxboro', by Foxboro' and West
Foxboro', to Wrentham.
From Enfield, by Prescott, to Pelham.
From Enfield, by Ware, to West Broo"kfield.
From Fall River, by Newport, Rhode Island,
to New York, New York.
From Fall River, by Swansea and Warren,
Rhode Island, to Bristol.
From Fall River, by Tiverton, Rhode Island,
and Portsmouth, to Newport.
From Farnumsville to New England Village.
From Fitchburg, by Westminster, Ashburn-
ham, Winchendon,Fitswilliam, New Hampshire,
Troy, Marlboro' Depot, M rlboro', Keene, East
Westmoreland, Westmoreland Depot, and Wal-
pole, to Bellows Falls, Vermont.
From Fitchburg, by West Fitchburg, West-
minster, Ashburnham, Ashburnham Depot,Gard-
ner, South Gardner, Baldwinsville, South Royals-
ton, Royalston, Athol, Athol Depot, Oiange,
Wendell Depot, Erving, Grout's Corners, North-
field Farms, Northfield, West Northfield, and
Vernon, Vermont, to Brattleboro'.
From Franklin, by West Wrentham, to Dia-
mond Hill, Rhode Island.
From Great Barrington, by North Egremont,
to Alford.
From Great Barrington, by Hartsville, Mill
River, New Marlboro', Sandisfield, North Cole-
brook, Connecticut, and Colebrook, to Win-
chester. m
From Greenfield, by Montague Canal, to
Grout's Corners.
From Greenfield, by East Shelburne, Oolerain,
Adamsville, and Health, to Rowe.
From Greenfield, by Shelburne, Shelburne
Falls, East Charlemont, Charlemont, and Florida,
to North Adams.
From Groton Depot, by Forge Village, to North
Chelmsford. *
From Groton Depot, by Shirley and Town-
send Harbor, to Townsend.
From Groton Junction, by Forge Village, West-
ford, West Chelmsford, and North Chelmsford,
to Lowell.
From Groton Junction, by West Groton,
Townsend Harbor, Townsend, West Townsend,
and Mason, New Hampshire, to Mason Village.
From Haverhill to Bradford.
From Haverhill, by East Haverhill, West
Amesbury, Amesbury, and Salisbury, to New-
buryport.
From Hmgham, by North Cohasset, to Hull.
From Hmgham, by South Hmgham, West
Scituate, and South Scituate, to North Marsh-
field.
From Hinsdale, by Winchester, West Win-
chester, Westport, Swansea,and West Swansea,
to Keene.
From Holliston, by Medway, Franklin, West
Wrentham, Diamond Hill, Rhode Island, and
Valley Falls, to Pawtucket.
From Holmes's Hole, by West Tilsbury, to
Chilmark.
From the Junction to Watertown.
From Kingston, by North Plympton and East
Middleboro', to Middleboro'.
From Lawrence, by North Andover, West
Roxford, Georgetown, and Byfield, to Newbury-
port.'
From Lawrence, by Methuen, to Salem, New-
Hampshire.
From Lexington, by Bedford, Carlisle, and
Westford, to Forge Village.
From Lexington Depot to Bedford.
From Lowell, by Carlisle, to Concord.
From Lowell, by Tewksbury, to Lawrence.
From Medfield, by East Medway and Medway,
to West Medway.
From Middleboro', by Rock, South Middle-
boro', West Wareham, Wareham, East Ware-
ham, North Sandwich, Monument, and West
Sandwich, to Sandwich.
From Milbury, by Sutton, to West Sutton.
From Milford, by South Milford, to Belling-
ham.
From Milford, by Mendon,to Uxbridge.
From Monument,- by Pocasset, North Fal-
mouth, WestFalmouth,and Falmouth,to Wood's
Hole.
From Nahant to Lynn.
From Natick to Saxonville.
From Nantasket Depot, by North Cohassett,
to Hull.
From New Bedford, by Wood's Hole and
Holmes's Hole, to Edgartown.
From New Bedford, by Dartmouth, South
Westport, Adamsville, Little Compton, Rhode
Island, and Tiverton Four Corners, to Tiverton
From New Bedford, by Fairhaven, Mattapoi-
sett, and Sippican, to Wareham.
From New Bedford, by North Dartmouth,
Westport, Fall River, Swansea, North Swansea,
and South Seekonk, to Providence, Rhode Island.
From New -Bedford, by Wood'e'Hole and
Holmes's Hole, to Nantucket
From Newburyport, by West Newbury,
Groveland, and Bradford, to Haverhill.
From Newburyport, by Salisbury, Amesbury,
and Kensington, New Hampshire, to Exeter.
From New England Village Depot, by New
England Village, to Grafton.
From Northampton, by Leeds and Haydens-
ville, to Williamsburgh.
From Northampton, by West Hampton and
Norwich, to Chester Village.
From Northampton, by Hatlley, Amherst,
North Amherst, Sunderland, and Montague, to
Grout's Corners.
From Northampton, by East Hampton to
Southampton.
From North Andover, by West Boxford,
Georgetown, and Byfield, to Newburyport.
From North Abington Depot, by East Abing-
ton, Hanover,-and Pembroke, to West Duxbury.
Fuom North Adams, by Williamstown and
Pownal, to Bennington, Vermont.
From North Danvers, by Topsfield, Boxford,
Georgetown, and Bradford, to Haverhill.
From NorthWrentham, by Rockville, to Med-
way.
From Orange, by North Orange and Warwiek,
to Winchester, New Hampshire.
From Palmer, by Three Rivers, Belchertown,
and South Amherst, to Amherst.
From Palmer, by Thorndike, to Ware.
From Palmer, by Brimfield, Fiskdale, Stur-
bridge, and Globe Village, to Southbridge.
From Palmer, by Bond's Village, Enfield, and
Greenwich, to Greenwich Village.
From Pittsfield, by Lenox, to Lee.
From Pittsfield, by Lanesboro', New Ashford,
and South Williamstown, to Williamstown.
From Pittsfield, by Cheshire and Adams, to
North Adams.
From Railroad Depot, by Southborough, to
Marlborough.
From Railroad Depot, by Stoughton, North
Easfon, and South Easton, to Easton.
From Railroad Depot, by Chester Factories,
Brecket, Otis, WestOtis,and Monterey, to Great
Barrington.
From Rehoboth, by North Rehoboth, to Attle-
boro'.
From Rollinsford to Great Falls.
From Russell, by Blanford, to North Blanford.
From Salem to Marblebead.
From Salem, by Danversport and Middletown,
to Lawrence.
