1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1411
The appropriations asked for the custom-houses
in thia amendment are m conformity with the esti-
mates of the Secretary of the Treasury; they have
been approved by this House each upon separate
votes upon yeas and nays; they have met the
sanction of the Senate, who ingrafted them upon
the deficiency bill, and the only reason urged by
the committee against that course wae that it was
not the appropriate bill to provide for them. The
objection cannot now apply. Last year the cus-
tom-house appropriations were made in the shape
of an amendment to the civit and diplomatic bill,
and this, now asked, is the usual course. The
Committee of Ways and Means have themselves
set us the example, and in this very bill provide
for continuing the construction of the custom-
houses at Charleston and New Orleans, and else-
where, and are ready also to provide by an amend-
ment for an item not embraced in this bill when it
was reported, being; the money requisite to con-
tinue. the customhouse at Richmond, Why,
then, do they exclude us from having the other
custom-house appropriations inserted in this hill?
It is the place m which such provisions have
always been made heretofore. Why should not
this act contain the appropriations approved by
the committee, and recommended by them in the
separate bill, approved at both times by both
Houses of Congress, and advised by the Admin-
istration as necessary.
So far as the appropriation for $40,000 for the
completion of the custom-house at Louisville is
concerned, J can afford either to forego, postpone,
or abandon it altogether, if the public necessity
require it; but I see no reason for fusing to
grant these estimates of the Administration, or
for not inserting them in this bill, and therefore
again, m behalf of its friends, once more submit
the proposition to the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want to engage in
a discussion on the subject of the custom-houses.
I presume the committee understand that subject
perfectly. There is a very broad difference be-
tween the Richmond custom-house and the cus-
tom-houses included in this amendment.
Mr. PRESTON. Will the gentleman from
Alabama answer me on this point; is there any dif-
ference between them, except that between western
interests and Atlantic interests?
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman knows very
little about my course on these custom-houses if
he supposes that i am influenced by any such con-
sideration as that which he presumes influences
me. The gentleman seems to intimate that my
consideration for locality directs my course in re-
lation to some of these custom-houses.
No, sir; there is a difference between the Rich-
mond custom-house and thecustom-housesinclud-
ed in this amendment. It is, that in relation to the
latter they have all  *ot what, at the time, was said
to be sufficient to complete them. And therefore
1 am unwilling- to vote any more for them in this
bill, or in any other bill. Thatistheground i have
taken all along in opposing further appropriations
to them. I believethat thesumsappropnatedare
sufficient to complete these custom-houses in the
most approved plan as fire-proof buildings. In
Richmond that is not the case. Richmond re-
ceived an appropriation of $100,000, while it col-
lects a revenue from foreign imports to the amount
of $140,000 or $150,000. Louisville collects some
$45,0U0 or $50,000 of customs in the year while
the labor is all done in New Orleans, and Louis-
ville has got appropriations of $178,000—within a
very few thousand of the amount which the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have proposed for the
custom-house at Richmond.
Now, Mr. Chairman, there is no argument to
show that the parallel between these cases holds
in the most remote degree. It was contemplated
to give Richmond more than it has got, and per-
haps, in the amendment which I expect to offer
hereafter, we will bring Richmond up to about the
average of the custom-house appropriations. I
believe it is now below the average of Mobile,
Louisville, St. Louis, and Cincinnati. St. Louis
has received $227,000; Cincinnati $*212,000; Lou-
isville $178,000, and Mobile§200,000. Thatisthe
condition of these appropriations. Andwepropose
now to give to Richmond that which will make
the custom-house appropriation for that port
^200,000. That is all. And when we shall have
made this appropriation to Richmond, I shall be
un willing to increase it. As far as I am concerned,
I will place it in the same category with the
others, and vote against all further appropriations
to it. That is the difference which, in my opinion,
exists between the custom-houses for which the
gentleman proposes appropriations, and the cus-
tom-house at Richmond,
Sir, we have the evidence of the gentleman from
the Louisville district, [Mr. Preston,] and from
the Treasury Department, that, at the last session
of Congress, they had appropriations to meet every
bid that was then before the Department. They
had appropriations to enable the Department to
comply with the bids for the erection of a fire-
proof building; and under no circumstances, there-
fore, would 1 be willing to vote further appropria-
tions for Louisville or St. Louis, because there is
evidence on record that there were bids in the
Treasury Department proposing to complete the
custom-houses at these points in the manner de-
sired and tor the money appropiiated. I would
like to know what became of these bids and that
money?
Mr. DISNEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by increasing the appropriation for the Cin-
cinnati custom-house one dollar.
Mr. Chairman, to me, I confess, the course
pursued by the Committee of Ways and Means
iu regard to this custom-house matter is totally
inexplicable. It is novel. That committee not
only directly and openly disregard the recommend-
ations of the head of the Department, who, from
the necessity of the ca.se, is familiar with the
wants, character, and condition of those things
which are necessary to promote the inteieat of
the Government: I say that committee contempt-
uously disregard all the reasonings and judgment
of that officer. They pay not the slightest icgard
to his estimates upon this or any other subject.
Not only that, but, as is seen from the statement
which the chairman of the committee has just
made, they go further, and entirely disregard the
; solemnly recorded opinion of this House, over
j and over again, in relation to this matter. 1 ask
I why is U? What reason has this House heard
j from that committee which should influence it to
I sustain them in this course of which I have
i spoken—and spoken m proper terms, too?
j Take the case of the Cincinnati custom-house,
j You have in the document, which is before me,
• the facts and reasons of the Secretary given; and
i I undertake to say, that no impartial and unpre-
judiced man can sit down and peruse its statements
without being satisfied thatthe appropriation ought
to be made. And yet it has no effect upon this
Committee of Ways and Means. I again ask,
why is it? Why do gentlemen stand up here, as
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means has just done, and state that, in their judg-
ment, proper and appropriate buildings, having
regard to form, character, and dimensions, could
be contraetcd for and constiucted for the sum
already appropriated ? Such is not the judgment
of the Secietiiry; and m reference to the Cincin-
nati custom-house he goes on and gives the facts,
lie says:
"The plans and specifications for this building were
prepared and arranged with groat care to meet the purposes
contemplated in the net authorizing iff- erection, «ud with
reference to tiie economical construction in a fire-
proof manner.
" Bids wete solicited for its erection by advertisement of
December H, tor Pixty days, the lowest or* which, on
examination, were found to exceed, in the aggregate, the
amount appropiiated ; but as the la^r appropriation was tor
the completion ol the edifice, and there could be no reduc-
tion of the size of the building, no re«,onree eviMed hut to
curtail the expense of if.s interior, and its fiie proof quality,
very much, however, to its injury in appearance and its
safety.
"As the culling down of the building in this manner
would gieatly injure it, and evidently be the very worst
economy fo< the Government to pursue, the Department ;
considered that whe.n the mihjoct brought to the atten- !
tion of Congie>s, the neee-.sruy additional appropriation to !
complete vt iu the manner it should be constructed, would
be made.
" Accordingly, contract" were awarded and made in ac-
cordance with the plan- ami specifications, with the pro-
viso, that should Oongtess not make the additional appro-
priation, the above alluded to alterations should be made,
and the bmhhng cut down to the amount of the appropua-
tion. Hence the $40,0U0 asked tor, which will complete
the building agreeably to the plans and specifications."
The Secretary, believing Congress to be an
intelligent body, supposed that when Congress
should be placed in possession of the facts of the
case, they would make the appropriation recom-
mended. But whatever recommendations he may
have made, certain it is that the Committee of
Ways and Means have disappointed them all.
They interpose their judgment about the appro-
priations heretofore made, and believe them suf-
ficient to erect a building of the proper sort and
character. This judgment, too, is given in direct
opposition to the mature judgment of the Secre-
tary, founded upon a deliberate examination of all
the facts by the experienced head o,f the Depart-
ment, who has carefully looked into them all.
Now, sir, I again come back to the question
originally propounded. Why is this ? Have the
Committee of Ways and Means given to this
House an intelligent and satisfactory reason, in
reply to the facts stated by the Secretary of the
Treasury, in relation to the case of the custom-
house at Cincinnati?
Mr. CASKIE. I should not take part in this
discussion, but for some remarks of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Preston.] His allusion to
the Richmond custom house perhaps calls for
some notice from me. 1 do not propose now to
enter upon the merits of the appropriation which
it is understood will be recommended for that ob-
ject. 11 is not now before this committee. When
the proper time comes, I shall be prepared to say
whatever is necessary and right about it. At
present, I shad confine myself to that which' alone
has induced me to use.
I think I have a right to complain of the way
in which the Richmond custom-houe-e has been
drawn into this debate. When the deficiency bill
was up, and gentlemen having custom-houses "in
their districts—appropriations for which were esti-
mated as deficiencies—made their propositions, [
voted on them without allusion or reference to
Richmond. I xlid not attempt to put the Rich-
mond building in that bill, and for the plain reason
that the estimate of the Secretary in reference to
it was not for a deficiency. It was his business
to determine where he would make his estimate.
He made it for the civil and diplomatic bill. I
was content to take it up when we came regularly
to the point at whn-h he had placed it. Such has
been my course, although I believe that if we
could have sooner got the appropriation, we might
perhaps have expedited the butidmg. We cer-
tainly desired action at the earliest possible mo-
ment.
In voting upon custom-house appropriations, I
have looked only to their claims. I voted when,
we were on the deficiency bill for euch as were
recommended by the Department, because I
thought its.recommendations were reasonable, so
far as I could judge. Besides, although no one
cantfo'iidemn moie strongly than I do the abuses
which have occurred in past times, 1 was satisfied
that at last the buildings I voted to complete
would be faithfully finished for the amounts asked.
Here I .should like very much to present some
general views in reference to these buildings,but
my five minutes do not permit. Mr. Chairman,
when my time, winch I have quietly bided, shall
come, I only ask gentlemen to do unto me as I
have done unto them. I voted upon their proposi-
tions in advance of my own, and without refer*
ence to what might be its fate. If they did not
succeed, it was not my fault. Now, let each case
stand on its own footing, and be judged by its
own merits. Let not the fact that the committee
of Ways and Means have recommended an ap-
propriation for the Richmond building, while they
have refused to recommend appropriations for
some olhers, operate with any gentleman against
it. Let it conic in its proper place, and be consid-
ered unembarrassed by such allusions as we have
heard from the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Preston.] I have a right to expect this, when
my own action has been such as I have described;
when, looking to nothing but the character of
each application, I have always been willing to
vote such amounts as I thought fair and right.
Mr. PRESTON". I beg to assure the gentle-
man that the remarks I made were in no spirit of
hostility to the Richmond custom-house.
Mr. CASKIE. I did not suppose the gentle-
man had any hostility to that work. I spoke
of his remarks which I thought had a tendency to
excite some prejudice against it—that not unnat-
ural prejudice which results from the idea that
anything: is unduly favored.
Mr, DISNEY, there being no objection, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. We have progressed
very rapi'dly with the bill to-day, and as it is grow-
