1412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
ing late, the House is thin, and this is a very im-
portant amendment, I move that the committee
do now rise. There should be a full House to
act upon this question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Speeches are to
be made on the question, and they may as well be
made now as at any other time. I trust the mo-
tion to rise may not prevail.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. It is evident there is
no quorum present.
Tellers were demanded, and refused on the mo-
tion to rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
Mr. BRIDGES. I move that the House do
nowadjouri$
The motion was agreed to.
Thereupon, at three o'clock, p. m., the House
adjourned till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 16,1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the Speaker had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills:
An act for the relief of the widow and heirs of
Elijah Beebe;
An act for the relief of Thomas Frazer; and
An act regulating the pay of deputy postmas-
ters.
Which were thereupon signed by the President
pi o tempore.
PRIVATE BILL DAY ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, this is private
bill day, and I suppose it will require the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to do any other busi-
ness. The bill which is immediately under con-
sideration, as the first on the Private Calendar, it
"will be recollected, is one which I have more par-
ticularly in charge. On that matter the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] has the"*'floor.
I understand, however, that there is quite a unani-
mous desire in the Senate to proceed with the
consideration of the veto message; and feeling
very anxious myself that that subject should be
early disposed of, I wish to say to the Senate that,
so far as I am concerned, I shall waive all desire
to proceed with the private bills to-day, if the
Senate are disposed to go on with the considera-
tion of the veto message.
Mr. BEtODHEAD, Mr. President, it hasnow
been about four or five weeks since private claims
were considered by the Senate; and although we
are greatly in advance of the House in the consid-
eration of private bills, claimants are constantly
besieging me, as chairman of the Committee on
Claims, to insist upon the consideration of their
bills, according to the rules of the Senate. I hope,
therefore, sir, that unless it is contrary to the gen-
eral sense of the Senate, or unless the Senator
from Nesv York, [Mr. Seward,J who has the
floor on the indigent insane bill, particularly de-
sires to proceed with his remarks to-day, we shall
go on and consider the Private Calendar.
1 therefore submit two points for the considera-
tion of the Senate; The first is the fact that we
have done nothing with private claims for the last
four or five weeks. The second js, that if the
honorable Senator from New York does not par-
ticularly desire to go on with his remarks to-day,
and if it is the general sense of the Senate, that
we should proceed with the Private Calender, I
hope we shall do so.
Mr. GWIN, I hope that we can make an
arrangement by which both ends can be accom-
plished. I would suggest, therefore, that we pro-
ceed with private bills until one o'clock. We can
then take up the veto message, and the Senator
from New York can address the Senate upon it.
£ presume he will not occupy more than an hour.
Then we shall have an hour more for other busi-
ness.
Several Senators. Oh, no; let us go on with
private bills.
Mr. GWIN. I am very anxious to have a
claim acted upon to-day, which was before de-
cided by the Senate, and sent to the House, but
which, at our request, was sent back to us.
The PRESIDENT. In the opinion of the Chair,
this discussion is altogether out of order.
Mr. HAMLIN, t call for the regular order of
business.
MOORE AND HA5CALL.
The PRESIDENT. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of bills on the Private
Calendar. The first bill is one for the relief of
Hiram Moore and John Hascall, which is now
under consideration as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WALKER said: Mr. President,when I ad-
dressed myself to this subject before, I remarked
that after hearing the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Stuart] I might have something further to say,
and might go to some extent into the proofs of
what allegations I might make. I propose to do
it now; and I ask the Senate, or as many of them
as can possibly give me their attention, to do so,
for i promise them that, while I was charged be-
fore with making very broad and unqualified
assertions, I said nothing but what I feci myself
now able to prove, and more than prove.
The question before us, 1 repeat, as I did then,
is one of very great importance. It is one that
should be well considered by the Senate. It ought
not lightly to pass upon it, for I think that, after
very full examination, if the Senate shall pass the
bill, very great and serious detriment will result.
I shall take up many points in the speech of the
honorable Senator from Michigan, and endeavor
to reply to them, with what success the lesult
must prove, or the judgment of the Senate must
determine.
He commenced his argument in reply to me by
saying, what, if it amounted to anything, amounted
to a charge against me of making the most un-
qualified assertions which were not based in fact
or in reason. I will lead from his remarks, fori
intend to quote him correctly as I reply to hnn.
He says:
" ft peihaps is not the least difficult task for a man to
undenake to answer an argument thai is made up wholly
of illimitable statements and declai atmn-s. I conceive that
if a gentleman weio. to rise in his place to-tlay and tell the
Senate ot the United States that to morrow, at noon, the
sun would be extinguished, the eaith would he annihilated,
and the whole planetary «y«tem would be utterly and en-
tirely destroyed, tlieic is not a man m the world who could
reluie that argument by leason and lo^ic. Ue could only
saj he did not behove it. Now, t-ir, i find my self very
much m that position."
The comparison here could not be stronger. It
compares the statement which I made to one so
egregiousiy erroneous, and unfounded, and base-
less, as that all nature was to go to wreck to-
morrow. This, sir, is pretty strong language to
use in leply. It implies a great deal; and if he
has sustained that comparison against me he cer-
tainly has placed me not only in a very ridiculous
position, but in one which is most false.
Sir, 1 shall use language upon this occasion
about as strong as upon that; but I shall do to-
day what I did not do then: I shall follow my-
self, step by step, with the proofs.
The next statement made by the Senator is:
" 1 tiu-t the Senate will indulge mo in saying that this
whole transaction, ftom the time of us inception down to
its completion, ha> been earned on m the county in which
1 reside, within twelve or UmHeen mile* of my own resi-
dence ; and it there is any subject which I have had an op-
poitunity to understand by observation and by examination
tiom thst to last, it is the subject which h now before the
Senate oi' the United States; and when the Senator fiom
Wisconsin tells me that I am hereth<* advocate of a meas-
ure which carues upon its face, and in its effect, such per-
fidy as he ascribe-* to this. when I know all ahout it, no
other inference can be drawn from his language, however
he may intend it, except that 1 am here in the difchonun
advocacy of a very dishonest mea-me. This is a subject
about which I cannot plead ignorance."
Again, speaking of Moore & Hascall, he says:
k<They are men who claim tor themselves to be meritori-
ous ; and they are men whom F claim, on my reporisitoihty
as a man ami a Senator, to be meritoiious. I spt ak from
knowledge, for they ate my neighbors. Tins tinny: has been
done in my community. It has been done where I know
all about ft, it 1 know anything."
If, in the progress of what I shall say to the
Senate, I shall prove that in every respect where
he contradicts me 1 am right, I will leave it to the
Senate to determine how far he is mistaken in
regard to his own knowledge, or to make what
other inference it may please.
After comparing the statement which I made
to a statement that the world was to become a
wreck to-morrow, what is the first point he speci-
fies as worthy the institution of such comparison ?
It is this. He says of me)
<' He tells you that an attempt is made by this bill to give
to Moore & Hascall, not thai which they have invented,
and to which they have a right, but all that the) claim; and
he rays lie knows they will claim everything that attaches
to any reaping machine that has ev«r been invented, or is
now in use."
If the Senator possesses the knowledge he claims
for himself, he knows that Moore & Hascall will
make no such claim. He knows that. I will ask
the honorable Senator if he is acquainted with a
gentleman in his own State by the name of Lakin
Brown; and also another, of the name of A. Y.
Moore ?
Mr. STUART. It will probably be more con-
venient for the Senator and myself to answer his
inquiries after he has got through with them. I
know those gentlemen, and I believe, also, I know
the statements to which he refers. I think I can
satisfy the Senator that 1 know all about the
matter.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to state that since I
was arraigned, as it were, before the Senate the
other day; and more particularly since the case of
Mr. McCormick, now of Illinois, late of Vnginia,
was arraigned, and he was broughtupon the stand
as a man of fraud, as a man who usurped the
right of others, he has furnished me with addi-
tional testimony not only to sustain my statements,
but to sustain his own position. He has never
sent an agent to me. I have never seen an agent
of Mr. McCormick, never conversed with one,
never knew that he had one. In the absence of
ail agents, when he was here advocating his own
cause, as I have said before to the Senate, I gave
him my ear often, and whenever a man comes to
me with his own case, and presents it for himself,
and does not send his hireling agents, I will listen
to him. I feel it to be my duty to do so, and if
what 1 notice after that is charged against me for
so doin£, I have an answer to make to it, and
shall make it plainly.
Then the statement which the Senator arraigned
me for first making is this, that Moore & Has-
call designed to claim what was embraced in the
patents of other claimants for reaping machines.
I find that in the testimony of two witnesses
taken in the State of Michigan, in a suit pending
between Mr. McCormick, and the infringers of
his patent, this statement was made:
i( Huam Moore has repeatedly stated to me in conver-
sation that all the mam features m McCormick's leaper
were his, said Mooie's, invention ; and he al<o stated to
tins deponent, that the reason why lie had not prosecuted
per&ons for an infringement of his patent was the fact, that
he wanted to proeuie fust hi< renewal of the patent for
Moore Haseall's harvesting machine."
That is the statement proved by Mr. Lakin
Brown. Then we have the testimony of a man
of the same name with one of the claimants, but
whether a relative or not I do not know, to the
same effect. Mr. Moore says:
(i Hiram Moore has several tunes told him, this deponent,
that said plaintiff", McCormick, and others, were using sub
Manually his, said Hiram Moore's, invention in all the
reaping maehmes ; but that he did not intend to prosecute
for an infringement of his patent, inasmuch as he wanted
firs! to proeuie an extension or renewal of lus patent by
Congress-."
j Now I contend that this fully proves what I
asserted, that Moore & Hascall do not seek an
! extension of this patent for the purpose of manu-
facturing, but solely for the purpose of coming
1 down on those whom they may claim to be m-
I flinders of their patent, and levy black mail on
them, and make them pay what will constitute a
! profit on the patent. I prove this by sworn testi-
; mony, certified under seal by the proper officers,
' and sworn to have come from the lips of Mr.
Moore himself. That is not all. Itnot only proves
' that they claim what is contained in McCormick's
machine, hut this also lets out the motive why
i they have, up to this time, remained so peaceful,
; and not prosecuted infringers of what they claim
- to be their patent. That motive is admitted by
! Mr. Moore himself. It is that he wanted to get
this patent extended, and then he says he will
come down upon otheis and show that these
people are all infringing his patent.
I What did I say when I spoke before? I said
