w%
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
and in the way which their own experience and
knowledge of the country, and of their own ne-
cessities require; and there can be no reasonable
doubt, except in the view of fanatics or political
agitators, that they will form and frame laws for
themselves better than any we, possibly can sug-
gest for them.
This bill from the Senate commends itself to me
for another reason. It is supposed to embody and
to have perfected the great and cardinal principle
of removing from Congress, and transferring to the
v people of the Territories, the whole subject of
legislating in favor of or against the institution of
slavery. This object, if it can be'attained, is of
paramount and inestimable consequence. ^
In any aspect of the case this is an important
bill. It merits the deep consideration, I may say
the most anxious consideration, of every member
of this House. There are provisions in it, as I
have^seen them in detached portions in the Globe
—for the bill itself has never been printed, that I
am aware of, except recently, as I have been told,
in thecolumnsofthe Daily Globe—there are provi-
sions in it which require to be modified and amended
before, in my opinion, it ought to receive the sup-
port of this House. That part of it which restrains
the right of suffrage, which takes from the hardy
pioneer and the enterprising settler that which
the people of Illinois, of Indiana, of Wisconsin,
and, I believe, of other western States, have
deemed advisable and found to be an enlightened
policy, that of allowing the right of suffrage to
aliens who have declared their intention to become
citizens, and who have taken an oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States and the
provisions of the territorial act. In my opinion
such persons, settlers in and subduers of a wild
and remote region, ought to be entitled not merely
to the right to acquire land, but to participate in
the councils of their new-born Territory, and to
have a voice in a government which touches so
nearly their immediate and dearest personal inter-
ests. This bill should go to the Committee of the
Whole, in order that it may, at all events, in that
respect, be amended; for I undertake to say, that
the people of the free States will insist upon the
right of suffrage in favor of the settlers as a sine
qua non, without which this bill ought not, and I
think cannot, pass.
j. But, Mr. Speaker, by whom is it that the right
vof fully discussing this measure is demanded ?
Who are they who, after it is disposed of, are to
take the brunt of the contest? Are they the peo-
ple of the South, where apparently all are united
in favor of it? or will it be the representatives of
the free States, who are hereafter to go before their
people and justify their votes upon this occasion ?
If we are to stem the current of fanaticism upon
the fields where the battles aie to be fought, shall
we not have full scope and ample opportunity to
place our views before the people of the North,
through the medium of the Committee of the
Whole? When we assert to them that the great
principles of civil and constitutional rights—the
great principles of popular government—are as-
serted and vindicated by this bill, shall we not have
the usual opportunity of examining, discussing,
and amending it in the Committee of the Whole ?
Doubts have been thrown out whether or not
the principle of non-intervention is really embodied
in tiiis bill; and whether, by the proviso of Mr.
Baduer, which may hereafter become as cele-
brated as that of Wilmot, the doctrine of inter-
vention by Congress is not found lurking and
active.
These are matters which I do not propose to
examine or discuss at present; but the mere fact
that therearedifferent opinions upon theconstruc-
tion of the bill in this respect, demonstrates the
propriety and the indispensable necessity of a
close, severe, and thorough examination of its
provisions.
The Senate has sent to us a bill whose cardinal
principle is enveloped m a multitude of words,
with sentences argumentative, sentences explana-
tory, and with a proviso in the bargain, whose
chief merit, its author now supposes, is, that it
means nothing in the world. Plain men, who are
not astute lawyers, bcome bewildered in the
midst of this multitude of words and accumulation
of sentences. They comprehend distinctly that
when this territory was ceded to the tjnited
States, there were laws supposed to exist, or
regulations and customs which originated with
the former owners, the Spaniards and French,
by which slavery was recognized and protected
as an existing and valid institution. These laws
and new usages would still have prevailed, but
for the eighth section of the act in relation to the
admission of Missouri as a State. This section
was proposed to be repealed by the Senate, in
order to remove any and all legislation by Con-
gress, so as to leave this territory in the same
condition as if it had never interfered. If Con-
gress had never interfered, of course the French
and Spanish laws would now prevail there.
In this posturd of affairs Mr. Badger proposed
an amendment, which was carried, by which it
was declared that the system which existed (and
but for the intervention of Congress would still
have existed) prior to 1820 shall not be revived
or put in force! What is this but the abolition by
Congress of the Spanish and French law? Is not
this congressional interference and congressional'
legislation against slavery ? Thus plain men, who
can appreciate a fact, find that if this bill shall
pass, laws which were in existence when the ter-
ritory came into possession of the United States,
and which recognized and protected slavery in the
Province of Louisiana, are, by the action of Con-
gress, by theBiDGER proviso, rendered inoperative
and of no force or effect. Plain men see that in
1803, the laws and customs then existing recog-
nized the condition of slavery, whilst in 1854 Con-
gress proposes to declare that they shall not be
deemeaJo be in force. Can it be denied that
this is the effect of congressional action ? or can
it be pretended that the Badger proviso means
nothing?
If we mean to declare the principle of non-in-
terventiori, let us do it and carry it out. I ask
again how it happens, if this Territory came into
ourpossession with slavery recognized and protect-
ed within its limits, that now, in the year 1854, if
this bill passes m its present shape, these provisions
are obliterated ? lfitshould appear, upon a close and
careful examination of the bill, that it does extin-
guish and obliterate the laws and customs pre-
vailing in it at the time of its cession, why then
we have the principle of inter*ention upon the
very face of the bill. If those who deny this
power to Congress are content to acquiesce in its
exercise, the question may be quieted by the sur-
render of the principle.
Now, sir, in my opinion, the people of the
North understand but little of the real results of
this bill; and therefore it is that we have had
petitions pouring in upon us of enormous bulk,
containing thousands of names; we have had cler-
gymen, separating themselves as a distinct class
from the rest of the community, undertaking to
denounce this bill. Sir, I will venture to say that
not one of these gentlemen, respectable as they
may be in their proper sphere and in their appro-
priate calling, has ever even read the bill which I
now move to refer to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. Speaker, I say that, if men at the North
will throw aside their fanaticism, their prejudice,
and their political aspirations, and will stop for a
moment their noisy agitation, and give to this
bill a fair and candid examination, they must irre-
sistibly come to the conclusion that it is, in its re-
sults, and in the future, the best measure for the
North that has ever been tendered. It is the South
that will find, in the long run, that, so far from
being beneficial to them, it will be, when applied
to future acquisitions, the most fatal measure that,
as yet, has been proposed, assuming that the
Badger proviso is retained. It is eminently a
measure favorable to the North; and, upon a full
and fair discussion, in my humble judgment, it
can be proved to be so.
But the gentleman from Illinois says that if the
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union we shall never be able to
reach it. Why, sir, we all know that when we
are in Committee of the Whole, by a bare simple
majority of votes, every bill upon the Calendar
preceding it may belaid aside until we reach it;
and surely, if there is not strength enough to com-
mand a majority in Committee of the Whole to
lay aside other bills for the purpose of taking up
this one, it is idle and a loss of time to discuss it
elsewhere.
Sir, this has become a grave and serious ques-
tion. How it happened to become so, is a mat
ter of no consequence for us now to inquire or
examine into, but since its introduction into Con-
gress the North would seem to have taken up
arms, and to have become excited into a sort of
civil insurrection. Nevertheless, the principle of
non-intervention by Congress, in the matter of
slavery, and the right of the people of the Terri-
tories "to frame their own laws, are sound and just.
Therefore it is that I desire full discussion, and
above all, that when we deal with a subject which
enlists the sympathies and feelings of men so
deeply, we should avoid'everythinglike the appear-
ance of legislative management, or of parliament-
ary tactics. They do not belong to a case of this
magnitude. They disparage it, and detract from
its character ; they give rise to unjust suspicions
of unfair play, and there are enough of them
abroad already. I say, therefore, that we must
have full, frank, and candid discussion.
We must bring this bill, by amendment, to a
proper shape, in the matter to which I have already
referred; and gentlemen more immediately inter-
ested, must ascertain for themselves whether the
Badger proviso does or does not involve the prin-
ciple of congressional intervention. On that point I
am not prepared to offer a decided opinion; but I
must say, that the more I have thought of it, and
the more I have reflected on it, in my (opinion it
does conceal.andcontain the principle.of interven-
tion by Congress. It does profess to declare, that
laws which existed at the time this Territory came
into this Union shall not be revived or put in force.
If that be so, then the principle of intervention
lurks in this bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman
permit me to make a single suggestion to him?
Mr. CUTTING. With pleasure, sir.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I want to meet this
question fully and fairly. If the gentleman will
have the bill made the special order, so that we
may be sure to I'each it at the same time he has
it referred, I am willing to agree to his motion.
Mr. CUTTING. I take the suggestion; but
does not my friend know, that in order to change
the order of business a two thirds vote is re-
quired; and if I make a motion to commit to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
it needs but a simple majority; but tack his
motion to it, and then it requires two thirds? No,
Mr, Speaker.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There is another ques-
tion. The gentleman says that this thing requires
to be met fairly, frankly, and to be fully discussed.
He wants no parliamentary tactics. Neither do I.
I ask the gentleman whether he would not have
had a fair opportunity to discuss this matter fully
if he and his friends had voted to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and took up the bill now before the House?
Mr. CUTTING. To say that I would not
have had a fair opportunity would be simply ban-
dying words with the chairman of the Territorial
Committee; but I ask him, if we had done so,
whether this bill from the Senate would not have
still reposed upon the Speaker's table? And I ask,
then whether it would not always have been open
to any motion that any bill lying upon theSpeak-
er's table is subject to' Whether its lying there,
too, is not an unusual and extraordinary act of le-
gislation ? Was it ever heard of before that a Sen-
ate bill so wide-spreading in its consequences as
this should sleep upon the Speaker's table instead
of going to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and being there discussed?
What need is there for this departure from the
accustomed forms of legislation ? What is the
■object to be accomplished?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will answer the gen-
tleman at once. The bill reported from the Com-
mittee on Territories is substantially the same as
the one unon the table.
Mr. CUTTING. Whether it be, or be not,
every gentleman must judge for himself from what
he has seen and heard. If it be the idea of the
chairman of the Committee on Territoiies that
the bill reported by his committee is substantially
the same as that which has undergone repeated
amendments in the Senate, then all I can say on
that subject is, that there is a vast difference be-
tween himself and myself in reference to the con-
struction to be put upon the two bills.
No, Mr. Speaker, let us meet this matter man-
fully and fairly; and when we come to the final
passage of the bill—when we call the yeas and
nays—and ascertain who is, and who is not, in
