1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1418
this was the object. I now prove it by sworn
testimony. I said the object was not 10 manu-
facture the machines, but to get thecommunity in
such a position that they could not use machines
which have already been bought from McCor-
mick, without being subject to damages and to an
injunction. Then the first charge which is brought
against me, of having stated what is not so, falls
to the ground, for 1 support my statement by
proof.
Now, Mr. President, bear in mind another
thing. I stated that,as this biil was now framed,
it would enable Moore & Hascall to go back for
eighteen years, and claim all they should allege
they have invented within that time, and obtain a
patent for it. The Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Stuart] takes issue with me on that, and says,
they only propose to go back fourteen years.
Now let us see what he said about this matter.
Speaking of Mr. Moore, he used this language:
" Looking abroad, sir, upon our prairies m 1832, he dis-
covered at once that a single man, with a team, could,
besides attending to Ins ordinary farming bu^ine*?-, put m
eighty acres of wheat; but he saw instantly that it required
a great many men to harvest that wheat in the ordiuaiy
method, by a cradle. He therefore saw, either thatagreat
poiuon of iheAVGstern country, consisting ol prairie Jand,
mustlie comparatively idle and unproductive, or eUe mean"
iriut«t be employed to provide for harvesting after the crop
was in and ready to he harvested. He said t<> hN neigh-
bors:, 11 believe I can invent a machine which will harvest
tins wheat perfectly.' As a matter of course, they all
laughed at lum. They did not believe him any more than
a man would have believed, a few jeais before it was dc-
monstiated, that intelligence could be communicated by
telegraph. lie went to work, howevei—to do what?"
Remember, this was in 1832.
"I wish to call the attention of Senator?: to the work which
this gentleman «et about. It wa^ to produce a machine
which would go into the field, ami could thresh, clean up,
and put into bags the wheat at the rate of three acres an
hour. That wa  a pretty large undertaking. Has he suc-
ceeded? The. report of the committee says he has ; and
as the matter has parked under my own observation, I
know it to he so. Since he began, in 18.%, to try his ma-
chine, f have seen it operate annually; arid I tell jou, mi,
and 1 pledge myself to the Senate oi the United States,
that it doe« tins work more thoroughly than it can be done
m any othei way. It is done with less waste. There is
less lo>s of wheat by shelling The farmer gets more huMi
els of wheat into his barn by tins mode than any othei which
has yet been proposed."
In the bill in this case bear in mind there are
two points. First, the patent is to be renewed.
For what? For what was contained in the ori-
ginal patent? No, sir; but it is to be renewed for
what was contained in the model, drawings, or
specifications. When can we infer that he got
up his model ? The Senator tells us it was in 1832.
If he can show that he made a model in 1832,
when he commenced operations, that will carry
him back not only eighteen years, buttwenty-two
years. Then it is the renewal of a patent for
what is contained in this model, drawings, or spe-
cification; and I asserted he could go back eighteen
years. 1 now go further, and prove, by the Sen*
ator's own admission, that he can £0 back for
twenty-two years, if he can show that the first
thing he did was to get up this model, which is,
in all probability, the fact.
Then, what becomes of these broad denials of
my assertions, when I prove from the statements
of the Senator himself, that notonlydo these con-
stituents of his claim what is contained in other
reapers, but I show that they commenced in 1832,
making twenty-two years that they can go back
and prove they invented anything, by bringing
up the dead body of this burnt model? How are
they to get at it? The Senator tells you, in another
part of his speech, that the model was burnt in
3836. It has, therefore, been burnt up for eighteen
years. How are these men to bring to the knowl-
edge of the Commissioner of Patents what was
in that model? They are to do it by oral testi-
mony. They are to fish around the country and
find some man who will swear that so far back as
1836 or 1832, he saw a mod el containing such im-
provements as they now specify in their claim,
and when they do that, and prove it, they get a
patent for it. And what else do they get a patent
for under the provisions of this bill ? They are not
only to go back to the utmost limit to which they
can trace this model, but then comes in another
provision of the bill, that for everything from the
day of the issue of the first patent to the time
mentioned in the bill, which is fourteen years,
they are to have the patent extended for every
particle of improvement. Every improvement
which they can show they invented within that
time is to be included within the renewed patent.
Then, I say, it is an enormity. It is such a prop-
osition of legislation as perhaps never was sub-
milted to the Congress of the United States be-
fore.
Sir, in ordinary cases what are the solemnities
to be pursued? An inventor goes to the Patent
Office,and files his claim and specification. What
else? He has solemnly to avouch for the fact,
that in his opinion, he is the true and original
inventor. He files an affidavit of that. It any
other person sees fit to come forward and contest
the originality of his invention, he has a right to
do so,and a contest for priority takes place, and
it is decided on the proof's. But here this bill pro-
vides that these men shall go befoie the Patent
Office and file their claim and specifications, and
shall be entitled to a patent for whatever they can
prove is embraced in their claim. I have shown,
that according to the admissions of these men,
they may go back not only eighteen years, but
twenty-two years, and have a patent for all which
they may allege was contained in the model,
which was burnt long ago. Let me ask what
security is theie to the public.
The Senator from Michigan made a great deal
of sport, as he supposed, m regard to what I said
about stopping reapers on the western prairies.
Why, sir, I can stand at my door at home in har-
vest time, and be within the sound of many reap-
ing machines. Men on those prairies have in-
curred the expense of buying harvesting and
reaping machines; but did they ever think of buy-
ing one of Moore & Hascall's machines ? No,
sir, they have not got one of them.
What is proposed, as is now shown by the tes-
timony? It is proposed by Moore <Sc Hascall
themselves to he still, to keep quiet, to allow other
patentees to come in and perfect their patents and
secure their rights, to say nothing about their own
patent, to let people buy other reapers, and, at last,
when they have secured an extension of their own
patent, they will break m on the community, and
without furnishing reapers themselves, will stop
the operations of others, or levy black mail on
them to a greater extent in value than they could
ever realize by making and selling such machines
as theirs. This is sworn to, as their intention;
and yet I am told that when I said so before, I
made an assertion as broad and unreasonable as
would be an assertion that all matter would go to
wreck to-morrow.
But, sir, there is something further upon the
question, not only of what they claim, but of the
intention with which they make their claim. In
speaking of the machine, the Senator from Mich-
igan said:
"It could only be tried in harvest time, and Senators
who aie. acquainted with gram grovvirur, will see it would
only be tried while the wheat was fit to thresh."
Now, Mr. President and Senators, let me beg
of you to take, in connection with what is here
said, what 1 asserted before—that this machine
was worthless, and never would be manufactured.
I stand by the assertion, and will endeavor to
prove it. But what is the statement here? The
Senator further says:
" With the cradle you begin a week before the wheat is
ready to thresh ; but with tln-s machine you cannot operate
until the wheat is ready to thresh, because it cute, threshes,
and cleans up at once For tins reason the time during
which the machine can be operated is reduced to ten dajs,
or two weeks at the outside.5'
If there was no other objection to this machine
than what is here mentioned by the Senator him-
self, it would be deemed by every farmer and
miller in the country, who knows his business, to
be utterly worthless. Who ever thought ofputling
off the harvesting of his grain until it is ready to
thresh ? If it mu?t be ready to thresh before you
can operate with the machine, ali must be so ready.
Suppose, now, that you have a field of one hun-
dred acres upon which you are to enter; suppose
it is all ready to thresh to-day—that is, it is dead
ripe, ready to fall off; you set in with your thresh-
ing-machine, and you find that before you come to
the last it will have fallen out. Notwithstanding
this, the Senator asserts that the farmer gets more
bushels of grain by this process of harvesting
than he can m any other way. But he says that
with the cradle you can commence before the grain
is dead ripe. If the Senator does knowanything
about farming, I wish him to pay a little attention
i to this. If he ever owned a mill, or knows any-
I thing of milling, I wish he would pay attention.
Let him inquire of any flour merchant or miller in
the world, whether he prefers wheat cut when it
is dead ripe, or cut before that? The miller will
tell him that he wants it cut before it is dead ripe,
for then it makes better flour, and there is more of
it. Besides that, everybody's common sense will
tell him at once, that if wheat be dead ripe before
you commence to harvest it, the last must be fallen
out before the machine reaches it.
Take this in connection with what I said, and it
shows clearly that this machine must be worth-
less, and that it is not the intention to manufac-
ture it, but to fall back on claims contained in
other reapers which are already in the hands of
the farming community, and if these men can make
them pay, it will be profit enough for them, with-
out putting them to the annoyance and trouble of
making machines. I have already said, and 1 shall
prove it before I conclude, that it does require
$1,600 to build one of these machines, and does
take sixteen horses to work one of them. What-
ever may be the intention of the honorable Senator,
and I do not speak of his motives, 1 ask, is it not
apparent, from their own admissions, and from
the facts in the case, that these men desire an ex-
tension of their patent in order to make money
out of the investments of others, and not out of
their own exertions? I said, when I was speak-
ing on a previous day, that when it was first in-
troduced into Congress, it did not contain a pro-
vision giving; them what is given by the present
bill, and I showed a copy of the bill to the Senate
at that time to sustain that assertion. The Sen-
ator from Michigan, speaking on that point, said:
The Senator says there is one portion of this bill that is
wrong, because it seeks to renew whatever was contained
in the 4 model, drawings, or specifications,' instead of say-
ing ' the model, drawing, and specifications.5 I draw the
attention of the Senate to this fact, because I want the bill
underwood. 1 want it to meet every objection, and I wish
to have the judgment of Senators on this question after it ia
thoroughly tested and understood. If it will not bear the
light of examination, far be it from me to ask them to pass
the bill."
Sir, that is fair. The Senator says he is will-
ing to submit the matter to examination, and if
the bill will not bear the test of examination and
scrutiny, he does not want to have it passed.
Then I address this inquiry to the Senator: if
what he says in a subsequent part of his speech
is correct, that all these men seek by this bill is
relief from any objection of abandonment which
might be made on account of the time which has
elapsed since they first presented to their case now,
why, I ask, is this peculiar provision put in the
bill at this time? Was it any less necessary at
first? And why is it now incorporated into this
biil ? There is something about this matter that I
wish to get at.
The Senator says he wants the fullest scrutiny.
Well, I ask, why has the provision to which I
have referred, been put in since the bill was first
reported, if not for the purpose of resorting to oral
testimony, which will not only go back eighteen
years, as 1 said before, but twenty-two years, to
enable them to show what was contained in the
model, which has been burnt up for eighteen
years? I can see no other reason why it should
have been put there. I can see no other beneficial
use which it could answer. It must be for some
purpose, or else the Senator would be willing to
have it stricken out. 1 c*in %ee no other purpose
which it is to answer than the one I have men-
tioned. If the model by which Moore & Has-
call are to be concluded in their claim was in
existence, there would not be so much harm in it;
but it is not in existence. Has it been exhibited
to a member of Congress? Who has seen it?
Who can tell what is in it* Can anybody else
who has patented a reaping machine say whether
the model these men are going to bring " from the
vasty deep," contains important points in their
machines or not? No, sir; it would, however, be
the most convenient thing in the world for men
who are lying low, as they say they are, and
seeking an extension of a patent, to bring forward
such a model as no mortal man ever saw, if they
could only get some one to swear he had seen it
twenty-two years ago, with these very important
parts in it.
But the Senator, in his reply to me, says what I
think is rather unjust. He charges me, by im-
plication, with censuring the Commissioner of
Patents, with declaring that he will act fraud-
■ ulently, and will not be governed by the right
