1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
favor of the great principle of non-intervention by
Congress, and of giving to the people of every
organized community the right to form, and frame,
and live under laws which they themselves place
upon the statute-book, then the gentleman will
see who is, and who is not, in favor of it. But I
mean that this bill shall contain those elements.
There shall be, so far as I am concerned, nothing
smothered up in it, or nothing concealed.
Mr. DISNEY. Will the gentleman from New
York allow me to make a single suggestion ?
Mr. CUTTING. I will yield the floor no
more.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Does the gentleman
from New York mean to insinuate that I desire
to smother anything?
Mr. CUTTING. No, sir; but whatl mean to
say is this: that under the mass of words in this
bill lies concealed, in the opinion of agr^tmany,
the principle of intervention; and if it does, it ought
to be ascertained and made manifest. I mean, so
far as I am concerned, to examine into it, and if
it exists, it will be for the South to determine
whether they will or will not accept a legacy as
fatal as that which the Greeks of old left at the
gates of Troy. When you strike it you will be
able to ascertain whether it be hollow or not; and
you will be able to perceive whether it conceals
within itsel*f, not armed men, but principles de-
structive of that which are advocated by them on j
this floor. ]
Mr. Speaker, I now demand the previous ques- !
tion, and I shall call for the yeas and nays upon i
ordering the main question to be now put. j
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I hope the gentleman j
.will not insist on the previous question. j
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, I appeal to the
gentleman to withdraw the demand. I will re-
new it.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"and great confusion and
excitement.]
Mr. TAYLOR. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw the demand for the previous question—
[Vociferous cries of " No!" "No!"]
Mr. TAYLOR. For the reason that we have
had two speeches 
[Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. CUTTING. I decline to withdraw the
demand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Then no debate is in order.
Mr. EWING. I wish to ask the Chair if it is
not in order, before the previous question is sus-
tained, to move to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I wish to in-
quire whether it would be competent for a major-
ity of the House to direct that this bill, upon going
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, shall be considered at the same time
with the bill for the same purpose reported by the
Committee on Territories?
The SPEAKER. It would require the unani-
mous consent of the House.
Mr. EWING. I now submit the motion which
I indicated just now, that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; and on that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
The y«as and nays were not ordered. ;
The question was then taken upon Mr. Ewisg s
motion; and, on division, there were—ayes 78,
noes 124.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
seconding the demand for the previous question.
Mr. PRESTON. I desire to know if it is not
in order to postpone the consideration of the pres-
ent question until to-morrow at two o'clock?
The SPEAKER. If the House refuse to sec-
ond the demand made for the previous question,
the motion indicated by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Preston] would then be in order.
Mr. PRESTON. Would not the motion I have
indicated, intervening between the demand for the
previous question and any other action of the
House, be in order?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order, as
the demand for the previous question must first be
disposed of, before any motion, except such as
are already pending, can be made.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. 1 do not intend to
trouble the House; and I only rise to ask what is
universally allowed to be asked, that the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Cutting] haying made
his speech, will withdraw his demand for the pre-
vious question, so as to allow some other gentle-
men an opportunity of replying. .
Mr. CUTTING. I have been applied to by a
great number of gentlemen upon the floor to with-
draw the demand for the previous question, but
ih each easel have refused. It is not my intention
to make any distinction whatever between gentle-
men upon this floor. I decline to withdraw the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE, is it in order to move a
call of the House at this time?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move then that there be
a call of the House.
The question was then taken; and the motion
was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
seconding the demand for the previous question.
Upon seconding the demand, a division being
had, there were—ayes H3, noes not counted.
So there was a second.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon ordering the main question to be put.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise for informa-
tion. I desire to know, because 1 do not profess
to be at all acquainted with the rules of the House,
certainly not as much as I ought to be, whether
it is not customary when a Senate bill comes to
this House to refer it to the appropriate com-
mittee ?
xMr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I desire to in-
quire, whether the consent of the House will not
be given in case this bill goes to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, that it may
be placed in the same condition with the other
bill providing for these territorial governments ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only
reach that object by unanimous consent. The
question now is upon ordering the main question
to be put.
The question was then taken, and the main
question was ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion made by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Cutting,] that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. HAMILTON. Upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The-roll was called; and there were—yeas 110,
j nays 95; as follows:
| YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, Ball, Bank's, Belcher, Ben-
1 nett, Benson, Benton, Bissell, Bliss, Bugs, Campbell, Car-
! prater, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chase, Corwm, Crocker,
' Cultom, Cuitis, Cutting, Thomas Davis, DeWitt, Dick,
' Dickinson, Eastman, Eddy, Ed«erton, Edmands, Ellison,
! Etheridge, Everhart, Farley, Feriton, Flagler, Franklin,
I' Fuller, Gamble, Giddings, Goodrich, Green, Grow, Aaron
i Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Harrison, Hastings, Haven,
I Hie«ter, Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Kit-
! tred e, Knox, Lane, Lilly, McCulloch, Mace, Macy,
'' Mattcson, Maurice, Mayall, Meacham, Middleswarth,
Morgan. Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Noble, Norton, An-
drew Oliver, Parker, reck, Peijiham, Pennington, Bishop
Perkins, Pratt, Prmgle, Puryear. David Ritchie, Thomas
Ritchey ltussell, Sabin, Sage, Seymour, Simmons, Skul-
ton, Gerrit Smith, Richard H. Stanton, Hestor L. Ste-
vens, Straub, Andrew Smart, John J. Taylor. John L. Tay-
lor, Thurston, Tracy, Tiout, Upbam, Vail, Wade, Wal-
bridse, Wallev, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Wells. John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook,
Wheeler, Witte, and Yates—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James O. Alien,
Willis Allen, Ashe, Thomas fl. Bayly, Barksdale, Boeock
Bovce, liieckinridge, Brooks, Caruthers, Caskie, Chastam
Churchwell, Ciaik,Chi]gman,Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Craige
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. On that motion I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered..
The roll was then called; and there were—yeas
110, nays 96; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, Ball, Banks, Belcher, Ben*
nett, Benson, Benton, Bissell, Bliss, Bugs, Campbell, Cai-
penter, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chase, Corwm, Crocker,
Ctillom, Curtis, Cutting, Thomas Davis, Be Witt, Dkk'
Dickinson, Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmands, Ellison,
Etheridge, Everhart, Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Franklin, .
Fuller, Gamble, Giddiitgs, Goodrich, Green, Grow, Aaron
Harlan, Andrew J.Harlan, Harrison, Hastings, Haven,"Hies-1
ter, Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, 11 a me! T. Jones, "Kittredge,
Knox, Lane, Lilly, McCulloch, Mace, Macy, Matteson,
Maurice, Mayall, Meacliam, Middleswarth, Morgan, Mor-
rison, Murray, Nichols, Noble, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Parker, Peck, Peckham, Pennington. Bishop Prrkins, Pratt,
Pringle, Puryear, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritchey, Russell,
Sabm, Sage, Seymour, Simmons, SkeUon, Gerrit Smith,
Richard H. Stanton, Hester L. Stevens, Straub, Andrew
Stuart, John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Thurston, Tracy,
Trout, Uphain, Vail, Wade, Waibridge, Walley, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth,
Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, Wheeler, Witte, and
Yates—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercropibie, Aiken, James C. Allen,'
Willis Allen, Ashe, Thomas H. Bayly, Barksdale, Barry,
Boeock, Bbyce, Breckinridge, Brooks, Caruthers, Casltie,
Chastain, Churchwell, Clark, Clingman, Cobb, Colquitt,
Cox, Craige, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dent, Disney, Dow-
dell, Dunbar, Elliott, English, Ewing, Faulkner, Florence,
Goode, Greenwood, Grey, Hamilton, Sampson W. Harris,
Wiley P. Harris, Hendricks, Henn,Hibbard, Hill, Houston,
Ingersoli, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Roland Jones,
Keitt, Kerr, Kidwell, Kurtz, Latham, Letcher, Lindley,
Macdonald, McDougall, McMuilin, McNair, McQueen,
Maxwell, John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Olds,
Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, John Perkins, Phelps, Phil-
lips, Powell, Preston, Ready, Reese, Richardson, Riddle,
Robbms, Rogers,Ruffin, Seward, Shannon, Shaw, Shower,
Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R.
Smith, George W.'Smylh, Frederick P. Stanton, Vansant,
Walsh, Warren, Daniel B. Wright, Hendrick B.Wright,
and Zollicoffer—96.
So the motion to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The House thereupon,at three o'clock, p. ITS.,
adjourned till to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 32, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Sliceb.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, presented
the memorial of Leslie Coombs, one of the cred-
itors of the late Republic of Texas, praying the
payment of certain bonds held liy him; which,
with the papers already on file in regard to the
same claim, was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance. .
Mr. CASS presented two memorials of citizens
Of New York, praying that measures may be
taken to secure religious liberty to American citi-
zens residing or traveling in foreign countries;
which were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations. .
Mr NORRIS presented the memorial of Wil-
| liam B. Kibbey* praying for the payment of a
i certain sum of money dye him by the united
States for articles furnished for the penitentiary
of the District of Columbia; which was referred
to the Committee for the District of Colombia.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to present a me-
morial, signed by citizens of Pennsylvania, and
members of the Faculty of Lafayette -college, ra
that State, praying that a township of land be
John G. Davis, Dawson, Dent, Disney, Dowdeli, Dunbar, |, grante(J to each chartered college OT university HOW
Elliott, English,Evving, Faulkner, Florence,Goode.,Green- ,i & tion- No doubt, sir, these memorialists
!i have learned that a considerable poruon othe
Georoe W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Roland Jones, Kent, ij public lands is about being given away, m lar„e
Keir,"Kidwell, Kurtz,Latham,Letcher,Lmdley.Macdon- ;> auantities, to railroads, for the indigentinsane,and
aid, McDougall, McMuilin, McNair, Mcaueen, Maxwell, H nurDOgeg, they therefore believe, sir, that a
i! JioSd not b/g.ven to a better object than
Preston.'Ready, Reese, Richardson, Riddle, Robbins, Rog- jj t0 these chartered colleges. I move that the memo
ers, Ruffin, Sewaid, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Sinelttoii, • | be referred to the Committee Oil FllWlC LanOB.
SrtmuPl A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, jj ,1, motion was agreed to.
Ppftwfiv Sim th. Frederick P. Stanton,\an?ant, Walsh, • ! ineimwuj 0
Warren, Daniel B. Wright, Hendnck B. Wright, and ; BAYARD presented a memorial of Citi-
ZollieofFor—95.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CUTTING. I now move that the vote
by which the motion has just been agreed to be
reconsidered, and that the motion to reconsider do
lie on the table.
zens of Wilmington, Delaware, praying a further
appropriation for the erection of piers at Reedy
Island, in the Delaware; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ALLEN submitted an additional document
in relation to the claim of Benjamin Burton; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
