1414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
and justice of the case. Sir, there is no necessity
for presuming any 'such thing; against the Com-
missioner of Patents. I do not presume it. He
has to decide according to the proof before him,
whether it be false or true, if these men bring up
testimony to show that in this dead model there
were certain features, then this bill, if passed, will
make it his imperative duty to take outstanding
patents from everybody else, and to give the ben-
efits over to Moore & Hascall; and if given to
- them, they can reap the benefit of them in a much
more profitable way, by making others pay the
cost, than by paying it themselves. The Senator
from Michigan on this point said:
"The bill proposes to give them an extension for such
improvements as they made in perfecting it. Why is this
necessary ? Without the provision, the extension id good
for nothing."
If the bill did not give them the improvements
they have made in the mean time, the Senator from
Michigan says, it would be good for nothing.
Now, let me inquire again, if the extension would
be good for nothing, what is the reason for it? it
is because their original machine was good for
nothing. Then, to make it good for anything,
they have made improvements m it, and conse-
quently these improvements must have been much
more important than the original machine. If
they are so much more important, why did not
these men go to the Patent Office when they got
\ip any improvement of value, give the community
notice, and obtain a patent for it, and then let the
community have the benefit of the improvement
by the use of the improved machine? But no, sir,
they lay sail during the whole time these improve-
ments were running on—fourteen years—while
others were complying with the law, who lived
thousands of trules from them, and were going to
the Patent Office and getting patent rights for their
improvements.
i say they lay still for this great length of time,
until lights were vested in others, saying in the
mean time that they were waiting to have their
own patent extended by Congress, and that then
they would come down on those whom they con-
sidered mhtngers of it. It is true, then, that but
lor the improvements which are to be covered by
the renewed patent, this icnewul would he good
for nothing to these gentlemen. That is admitted
by the Senator from Michigan in his speech; and
consequently th^y are to be* relieved from Aban-
donment of their rights, not only here but before
the Patent Office. Now, Mr. President, we have,
upon another important case, a report from a com-
mittee of the House of Representatives, in which
a doctrine is kid down that touches this very point.
Senators will recollect the celebrated Woodworth
planing machine case. Congress was asked to
renew the patent for that machine. In the report
of the House Committee on Intents on that case,
they hold this language in regard to the question
of abandonment; I think it sound law, and conse-
quently I quote it:
il Kven il he had actually invented all that h embraced
in the reissue, the oimsMon to claim it at any time dm nig
the fourteen years was an abandonment to the public of all
which he did not chouse to cmbraeu in his oi iguml patent."
Such is the doctrine laid down by the committee
in that case, that whatever a patentee abandoned
to the public during the term of his original patent
was dedicated to the public, and could not be re-
called. The Senator told us in one part of his
speech that all these patentees asked was to be
relieved from this difficulty of abandonment.
But, sir, in order to show that it was not by the
fault of Moore & Hascall that the model was
burnt, the Senator from Michigan said:
The office took fire and burnt up. and in that binnim;
these men's model was consumed. They, therefore, must
produce another model, and miw report to parol evidence
to s-how it.-identity. Is there any other way known by
which they can secure other evidence. Certainly not.
Then where i- the danger > If you give men what they
have actually invented—for the bill limits them to that—
what they are the first ami actually inventor^ of, lias any-
body eUe a nght to it * 1 ask the question, has anybody
a right to what these men invented ?"
I say, yes. Others have a right to what they
invented, if these men did not let the public know
that they invented it. Suppose that nine, or ten,
or fifteen,'years ago these men, living in Michigan,
invented something, and a man living m Rock-
bridge county, Virginia, at that time should have
come forward and patented a similar invention.
"Will you say he is not entitled to the benefit of
his patent because they invented the same thing-,
or will you, after a lapse of fourteen years, pass a
bill to set aside the patent of the first patentee, and
vest his rights in. one who abandoned everything,
which he could claim from his invention ? Then
1 tell the Senator that there may be others who
are entitled, even to the detriment of his own con-
stituents; for if they have not followed up their
rights, according to the law, they have abandoned
them, and it is contrary to public policy that they
should be permitted to take them back.
But, Mr. President, there is something more to
be inferred from this language of the Senator. He
says " they therefore must resort to another
model, and must resort to parol evidence to show
its identity.7' Is not this an admission of the
uncertainty of what we are to rely upon under the
bill? He says these persons must bring forward
another model, and must resort to oral testimony
to show its identity. Is it a safe course of legis-
lation to depend upon the failing memory of man
in regard to transactions which occurred eighteen
or twenty years ago ? Would the Senator act upon
any such foundation as that in the prudent man-
agement of his own affairs? I think not; but still
he asks Congress to do it, and it is for Congress,
in its wisdom, to determine whether it will do it or
not. Let me remind the Senator also, that he
commits a gieat error when he supposes there is
no other way to do this. Heasks, " Is there any
other way known by which they can secure other
evidence
Yes, sir, let me tell him there was another way;
and, if he will examine the patent laws, he will
find that there was an act of Congress passed ex-
pressly to meet such cases, which enabled these
gentlemen, as far back as 1837, to go forward to
the Patent Office and deposit another model; and
it was their duty to do it; but it does not seem to
have suited their convenience. It appears to have
been more convenient to them to let the matter be
for fouiteen years, to let the model go, and to act
as if they did not care about it; and then, when
McCovmick and Hussey, and others, have made
improvements, and have patented them, to come
forward and say, "These are all Moore & Has-
calPs," nnd ask us to legislate them into their
possession, and for their benefit, to the detriment
of the community. Then I tell the Senator tlieie
was another niode by which his constituents could
have .supplied themselves with testimony which
we could now look at; for if they had ledeposited
their model in the Patent Office, we could send for
it, and have it. produced here, and see what con-
flicts there were between that and other machines.
But, sir, the Senator said further:
" IIoio i* another fact to which 1 will refer in this con-
nection. 1 f the^e men wore of the ehaiaot<-r that the Sen-
ator Jrom Wisconsin seeks to ^atiMv die rienate they aie—
mere blood suckers upon the pioduemg community-— they
would have gone on and patented Uiom; htlio inventions tor
improv cments a^ fast as they made them. They would have
done what has boon done by some others m tin* country,
whom I could name, who are undeitaking to get great eclAl
befoie the community, and eveiy two or three year^are
taking out patents for a part ot the identical machine orig-
inally patented. But, sir, I can tell the Senator from Wis-
con.-m that there h a wide distinction between these indi-
viduals and some othets. They are honest men."
That is, Moore & Hascall are honest men, avfl?
there is a vast difference between them and others.
To whom did he evidently allude? Mr. McCormick
is refeired to, and it is made a matter of censure
against him that he redeemed the credit of his coun-
try at the World's Pair at London. While Moore
& Uascall, like sloths, were loafing in Michigan,
he was there struggling, with his money and his
genius, trying to sustain the honor of his country.
He was one of those who redeemed its name at
that fair, and now the Senator censures him for
having endeavoured to get eclat for a machine so
useful as his. The Senator censures him for doing
that for which the world considers him as entitled
to their credit and esteem; the exertions which he
made to perfect a machine which saves so much
labor in the main pursuit of life, that of acquiring
the bread of life. Yes, sir, an invidious distinc-
tion is made between him and Moore & Hascall.
It is said that Moore&. Hascall are honest men,
and the Senator intimated plainly, if not distinctly
said, that McCormick is a scoundrel.
What else did the Senator say in regard to him ?
Pie says he was one of that kind of blood-suckers
who has been running every year to the Patent
Office to obtain new patents for new improvements
and inventions. Yes, sir, he has done that, and
it is the first time I ever heard an honorable Sena-
tor censure one of his fellow-citizens for obedience
to the law. Is it otherwise than commendable
that he should have followed the law? Would
the Senator have had him lie still, like his con-
stituents, and go on and make improvements and
boast to witnesses brought against him that he
was only waiting for a renewal, to come down on
those who were using other machines? Would
that satisfy the Senator that he was a moral and
honest man? Yet such is the category of men
who are held up here in contrast with Cyrus H.
McCormick, because he obeyed the law, and did
not seek to obtain a dishonest advantage over the
farming community, or over other inventors. He,
according to the Senator, is a blood-sucket, while
the very men who are lying by and endeavoring
to suck the blood, not only of McCormick, but
of the whole farming community, ore honest!
For my part, sir, I commend McCormick. I say
the country owes him a debt of gratitude. If it
had not been for him and Samuel Colt, and Stev-
ens, Hobbs, and Powers, God only knows what
would have become of the reputation of the coun-
try at the London Fair. Yet McCormick is de-
nounced, is held up in comparison with other men
who have done nothing for the comrmunity, and
is considered as a dishonest man in comparison
with them t
From the speech of the honorable Senator, men
would be led to suppose that McCormick lived
immediately in the neighborhood of Moore &
Hascall, and that he was there prying into their
movements, seeing what they invented from time
to time, and then running oii and securing patents
for their improvements. Let the Senator be can-
did, and tell the Senate that McCormick lived in
Rockbridge county, in the State of Virginia, when
he obtained his patent. He first commenced to
manufacture his machines in New York, and it
was not until a recent day that he got to be a
neighbor of Moore & Hascall. tie is now man-
ufacturing his machines at Chicago; and there it
was that he heard for the first time that Moore &
Hascall were m existence as the patentees of a
reaping machine. McCormick was not their
neighbor. He was not watching them, tie was
not endeavoring to steal or pimte from them what
they were inventing. He was an inventor in
Virginia as far back as 1834, and as late as 1845
he obtained his last patent. Never, up to that
time, as I am assured, did he know there were
such men in existence as Moore & Hascall.
It may be well for the community to take warn-
ing not to obey too strictly the laws, for it may
bethathereafter the doctrine of theSenator will pre-
vail, and that the greatest amount of disobedience
to law will constitute the highest merit. Certainly
if that should ever become the standard, these
constituents of his can claim a high place, for they
have paid no attention at all to the law,unti*
others have made what are claimed to be valuable
inventions, and then they come forward, by the
mouths of sworn witnesses, and say that as soon
as they can get the advantage, they will use it on
these patentees, arid the public.
Now, sir, we come to something very definite
from the lips of the Senator himself. I hope I do
not misunderstand him; and that I may not mis-
interpret him, I will give his own language:
a The Senator fiom Wisconsin may well tell the Senate
That he i  peit'cctly willing that tlnir original patent f-halS
be extended for the erude'atid imparled machine for which
they took out a patent m 183t>. lie may t-ay so, because
there is no claim thai the original patent of JblJG inieil'eres
will) certitin other claims which, hut 1oj the* agents of some
men, would not trouble the Senate. I wis.li Senators to
understand, that if Moore & ilasoHll simply asked for an
extension of then original patent, men who have niu.de
$WO,000 ot $'41)0,000 out of their inventions would not be
here to-day, battling thi-i hill a-- this is contested. There is
the cause ; there is the difficulty. I say these people may
I well sav they do not object to the extension of the ungtnai
1 patent."
Thus it appearsnowthat it is proposed to renew
a patent which does at present interfere with some
other patent. The Senator says I may well say
that { am willing that the patent of 1836 may be
renewed, because that does not conflict with any
other patent right; but he says that if we grant
a renewal, so as to include the improvements for
which the extension is sought, it will conflict with
the rights of others; and he wishes to take away
the rights of others and hand them over to Moore
& Hascall. Sir, when did the Senate assume the
right of deciding questions as to the priority of
i invention? When were they converted into a
