704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22.
J
Mr. SUMNER, presented a petition of inhabit-
ants of Townsend, Massachusetts, praying a re-
duction of the rates of ocean postage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
- Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, presented a
merfiorialof a committee appointed atameetingof
citizens of Hancock county, Kentucky, praying
that the proposed western armory may be located
. at Hawesville, in that State; which was referred
to the Cnmmiitee on Military Affairs.
M r. JONES, of Ten nessee, presented a memorial
of citizens of Memphis, Tennessee, praying the
establishment of a Federal district court at that
place; which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial ftf William G. Morehead
be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations,
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky,
it was
Ordered, That John Bruce have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers, for the purpose of presentation m the
House of Representatives.
REPORTS PROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom were referred resolutions of the
Legislature of Illinois, in favor of the admission
of sugar, molasses, and railroad iron free of duty,
asked to be discharged from their further consid-
eration, and that they be referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Burgess B. Long,
praying the establishment of a commission to ex-
amine claims against the United States, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Claims;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Chicago, Illi-
nois, praying a donation of a plat of ground in
that city for the erection thereupon ofea chapel,
marine school, &c., by the Western Seamen's
Friend Society, asked to be discharged from if a
further consideration, and that it be referred to the 1
Committee on Public Lands; which was agreed to.
Mr. FISH, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the petition of Charles
G. Ridgely, praying: that certain allowances may
be made to him in the settlement of his accounts
at the Navy Department, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GWIN,front theCnmmittee on NaVal Af-
fairs, to whom whs referred the petition of S, R.
Addison,a passed assistant surgeon in the Navy,
praying to be allowed the difleience between the
pay of passed assistant surgeon and that of sur-
geon during the lime he performed the duties of
surgeon, reported a bill for his relief; which was
read , and passed to a second reading.
ACTION ON ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. FISH. Mr. President, it is desirable that
some early day shall be set apart for the consid-
eration of adverse reports. There are a large
number now upon the Calendar, and unless con-
curred in by the Senate, the Senate will, at a sub-
sequent session, have the same business before
them again. If it be the pleasure of the Senate to
consider such a motion now, by unanimous con-
sent,! will move that the second Friday in April
/ be set apart for the consideration of adverse reports
The mo.tion was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to.
NAVY BIDS.
Mr. GWIN. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the joint resolution
from the House relative to bids for provisions,
clothing, and small-stores for the use of the Navy,
have requested me to report it back, without
amendment; and as it is important that it should
be acted upon immediately, to ask for its consid-
eration at this time.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
accordingly proceeded to con&tder the joint reso-
lution; which was published m our report of yes-
terday's pto'-eedings,
Mr. PRATT. It occurs to me, Mr. President,
that the resolution introduces an entirely new
principle in regard to bids to be received by the
Government. Now, any person who can give
sufficient security for a compliance with a con-
tract is authorized to bid for the supply of any
articles which may be advertised for by the Gov-
ernment of the United States. But the principle
is altered, and no one, if the resolution passes,
will be authorized to bid except the manufacturer
of the article advertised for, or a party known to
the Government to be engaged m the sale of such
arti c I es
Mr. PETTIT. The regular dealer in the arti-
cle.
Mr. PRATT. Well, a regular dealer in such
articles. I cannot see, if the Government ad-
vertises for ten thousand barrels of flour in Califor-
nia or elsewhere, why anybody who may choose
to bid for the supply and give security to the
Government for the fulfillment of the contract,
shall not be, as heretofore, privileged to make
the bid. I do not see that the manufacturer of
flour, or the regular dealer in flour, is better com-
petent to discharge a contract with the Govern-
ment than is anybody else who can give equal
security. The resolution confines the competi-
tion for the supply of the Government to those
two classes of people. I think the principle is
wrong.
Mr. GWIN. In answer to the Senator from
Maryland, I will read a letter from the head of
the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing to the Sec-
retary of the Navy, which was communicated to
the House Committee on Naval Affairs, a copy
of which I received this morning, asking the pas-
sage of the resolution, and giving the reasons
for it:
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, >
Navy Department, Ftbrunry 3, 185i4. $
Sir: I respectfully submit for your consideration the in-
closed proposed joint resolution in relation to conn acts.
The embai raiment expeuenced by the Bureau im the ex-
ecution of  tsj duties in eonset|Uonee of the diflieuliv ofoh-
taining pioper supplies, and in j*ome instances, a po-mve re-
fusal to fujni>hany you aie aware.from contractors,im-
pt*rativ *lyrequiies some changes' at least like those imposed.
Long experience more loreiblv impresses on the conviction
of the Bureau thai the contract >y,-fem and that of |owe.st
bids for many articles ol provisions of a perifhable nature,
but necessary to the health and comfort of our seamen, are
of no ad vantage to the Government, and are injurious to the
service. It is of paramount importance, both as regard* the
movements of our vessels and the health of our >eamen,
that the supply ol good provwon<-f.|iould not be left depend-
ent upon the competition of speculators, as is frequently
the case under the contract system. Many article-, «ueh
as flour, rice, raisin?, beans, dried fruit and pickles could
be procured by open puicha-.e, under proper regulations, of
a better quality, and on equally favorable terms to the Gov-
ernment, as by contract; as experience ha* « ho\vn that con-
tractors will never tuniibh the best ot these articles, but
only su<*h as will meiely pass inspection. In suggesting a
change the bureau can only he actuated by a M'nse of duty,
as it is evident, that under the pit^ent *y .tem, Us chief is
exempted from much trouble and from imputations of im-
proper preference. * * * * *
As an advertisement for supplies mu*>t be madeaboutthe
middle of March, I respeettuily reqm^t, if the proposed
resolution meets your approval, that you will be pleased to
J>rmg the subject to the notice of the Naval Committees of
both Houses of Congress, as early as you may think proper,
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedieutservant.
WM. SINCLAIR.
Hon. J. C. Dobbin, Secretary of the Navy.
I will also read a letter on the subject which
was addressed to me this morning:
Bureau or Provisions and Clothing, >
Navy Dfpartment, Murch2H, I8>4. I
Sir: Agreeably to my promise, I have the honor to in
close a copy of the lettei of the Bureau, dated FVInuary 3d,
]8r>4, addressed t<> the honoiahle the Keeiutary of the
Navy, which accompanied the proposal joint resolution,
both of which were approved bv ht-n, and sent to the chair
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs ofthe House. The
re^dntion which parsed that body on Monday dons not re
peal the law in relation to " lowest bidV' hut it simply de
prives speculators ot the power of controlling all supplies
for the Navy, and places regular dealers and manufacturers
in the position which no doubt Congiess intended, and to
which they are in justice entitled.
I beg leave to adduce the aiticle of "blue flannel,"
very much used in the Navy, as an example, among many
others that might be mentioned, of the working of our pre-
sent system. The contractor, a regular manufacturer, for
the last fiscal jcar furnished a fir-t rate article, and equal
: to the sample ; he was underbid for the present year a frac-
tion by a person who has to make his purchases as he
can ; «uid to show the kind of iluunel he has endeavored to
pass on us, I send a piece of the Government sample and
several pieces of such as he has attempted to deliver, that
you may judge for yourself.
In regaid to that p-irt of the resolution in relation to
being authorized to purchase, in certain cases, a -upeiior
quality of flour, [ beg to rema'k thataM experience d"mon-
stiates that the tiotir "-applied bv conuactors will not do to
b<' ^enf to the Hast Indies Nearly all we send to that
station becomes injured on the vo\age, and unfit lor use
on its arrival. The strictest inspection avails but little.
No merchant, a- I well know, will incurthe risk of sending
any other than the Gallego or Haxall flour to Hong Kong,
and our commanders and storekeepers on that station
have invariably recommended that no other kind should be
sent.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WM. SINCLAIR.
Hon. W. M. Gwin, Chairman Naval Committee,
United States Senate.
Now, sir, the Secretary of the Navy wishes to
have the power to confine those who bid for these
articles to the actual producer and dealer, and for
an obvious reason—tor it is a matter of character
with those parties to put in such a bid as they can
comply with, and furnish a good article. On the
subject of flour, I know that this is necessary, be-
cause it is impossible to send flour by contract
from here to the Pacific coast of the United States
without its being more or less injured, unless cer-
tain brands are selected, which the Secretary of
the Navy has no power to do at this time. The
Committee on Naval Affairs examined this ques-
tion with a great deal of attention this morning,
and came to the conclusion that, under the circum-
stances, it is best to pass the resolution. If it
gives too much power to the Secretary of the
Navy that can be restricted hereafter. Here are
samples of flannel showing conclusively that the
present contractor does not furnish an article equal
to that furnished last year, as stated in the letter
which I have read. Several different kinds have
been sent here of a very inferior quality.
Mr. PRATT. The letter which has been read
in support of the joint resolution, as it occurs to
me, sir, does not give any sound reason for its
passage. 1 would inquire of my honorable friend
from California, what is complained of hy the
Department, in reference to the present system?
It isthatuhder the contract system the Gov-
ernment is imposed on. Now the resolution does
not propose to alter the contract system, but it"
confines the right to contract to certain classes of
the community. By what species of logic can my
honorable friend argue to the Senate, that under
the same system the Government is to be re-
lieved from the difficulties which occur now, by
reducing the class of persons who are authorized
to make bids ?
My honorable friend says, that the dealers in
and manufacturers of flour have their characters to
support, and consequently they will not bid for
the supply of flour or any other article which they
manufacture, or are regular dealers in, without
supplying the best article. Now I apprehend, Mr.
President, that the dealers in flour are the specula-
tors in flour. Every one knows that. They buy
flour for the purpose of selling. They are the
speculators par excellence in this article above all
others. They are the parties who buy to sell
again. The regular dealers in flour, therefore, are
the speculators; and why these .speculators if they
have contracts to supply the Government would
not supply it in such a way as to make the most
money out of it as any other citizen of the United
States would is, 1 admit, beyond my power to
conceive.
The Senator is supplied by the Department with
two samples of flannel; and he says the contract-
ors have sent flour which would not bear trans-
portation to the East Indies.
The proper officers of theDepartmentareauthor-
ized to advertise for such brands as will bear trans-
portation; and the contractor, whetherhe beaman-
ufacturer or regular dealer in the article must
supply, under the contract, the brand that the Sec-
retary requires, so that the Government cannot be
injured, because if he does not furnish the brand
it is not received.
I can readily see the evil complained of; and if
the Senator, or his committee, will go for an entire
abolition of this principle of giving the contract to
the lowest bidder, if he will authorize the Secre-
taries of the Navy and War to buy in the markets
such supplies as suit the Government, 1 will not
have the shghtestobjection to it; but the evilscom-
piamed of will not be remedied by the resolution.
They will be the same under it as before: and you
take away that competition which is alio wed under
the existing law.
Mr. GWIN. I have a single remark to make
in answer to the Senator from Maryland. If he
had noticed the reading of the resolution he
would have seen that there was a distinction be-
tween the article of flour and other supplies. The
Secretary asks for power to purchase such brands
of flour as are known to be capable of transport-
