1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1415
court for such a purpose? There was a some-
what analagous case, known as the other case,
brought before the Semite h few years a o. )t
was then proposed to make an appropriation for
the use of the article by the United States to the
individual who had a patent for that discovery,
and who, so far as I know and believe, is the ac-
tual discoverer of anesthesia. But so soon as a
Senator [Mr. SmithJ rose in his place, and made
it known that there was another claimant, the case
immediately went out of the Senate, and was
never passed upon in that form. The Senate
would not for a moment take cognizance of the
question of who was the original discoverer; and
■when the question came back again, the proposi-
tion was in the form of leaving it to a judicial tri-
bunal to decide who was the original discoverer.
But the Senator says that is what is done here,
that it is proposed to leave it to the Commissioner
of Patents, or to the court to whom an appeal may
be taken from his decision, to determine who was
the original inventor. Sir, when the Commis-
sioner is to decide, and when the appellate court
is to decide, on such proof as we have seen must
necessarily be the only proof that can he produced
here, what security is there for the decision which
they will give? What security is there to any-
body—not only the makers of other reaping ma-
chines, bat those who are the users of them ? It
appears to me that it is absurd to suppose that this
would not interfere with other claims. And who
would be the sufferers? Not only those whose
claims are interfered with, but every person who
is using oneof these machines; for nobody would
have a right to use them, unless he had obtained
the right from Moore &, Hascall, who are now to
become the patentees.
The Senator, as I said before, makes sport of
the idea of stopping reaping machines. He says
there will never be such a procedure, and he
vouches for Moore & frlascall that no such thing
will be done. I am not aware of how he knows
this, but certainly they have told a different story,
as the sworn testimony shows; for it appears from
that, that they were only waiting for this fortu-
nate event to show what they would do. I will
ask the Senator if he does not concede; and if he
does not give me an answer, I will ask any lawyer
in the Senate, that if this patent be renewed to
Moore & Hascall, and the renewed patent is made
to embrace the important parts of machines now
in use, can they not institute proceedings against
those using them, and such proceedings as wiil i
stop their use? If the Senator has ever com- j
menced a suit for the infringement of a patent i
whilst the infringement was going on, 1 will ven- j
ture to say he will admit that one of the first steps j
he took was to procure an injunction against the i
further use. In ordinary cisee, after an injunction !
is obtained, if the stoppage of the business would |
involve great loss, a receiver is appointed; the ;
business goes on; and the proceeds are paid over !
as the court may finally tieciee. Evety patent i
lawyer knows that; and yet the Senator said to i
me the other day, and to the Senate, that no such '
procedure could be taken, if he knows what [ j
believe he must have known, he was aware that j
it could. t
I come now to -some more specific denials of!
what I allegt-d the other day; and I wish the
Senator to give it his attention, if he pleases. The
next denial that he makes is of a most emphatic
■character. 1 asserted that this machine cost
£1,600 to manufacture it, and that it requires a j
team of sixteen horses to draw it. What says j
the Senator upon that subject: !
" Asram, ihe Senator '-ay* it cost*. $1,600 to build one of j
these machines £o far fioin that being the ca-=e, H costs i
but .->000. There i's a mistake of .91,000, nearly two thirds ,
of the calculation. I am spanking that winch I know." j
******* |
II This machinc, fo far from taking sixteen hordes, takes I
but twelve ; so far from costing -V < S 0, it coi-ts but sttiOO;
and Mr. Moore i*of opinion that improvement^ fan he made I
ip the manner of building it, i*o that he tan build it at a eort !
of not over $400; very Imle mote than a single tlneshmg |
machine now costs."
There is an emphatic issue between the Senator
and me on an assertion of mine. I will ask him
if he places any confidence in what a late colleague
of his 111 the Houseof Representatives [Air. Buel,J
says. I presume he does. We were in the habit of
believing Mr.Buel; and { never heart! his veracity
called in question by any one; and 1 will venture
to say that the honorable Senator from Michigan
will not do it. Let us see what Mr. Buel said
when advocating this bill in the House of Repre-
sentatives. He said:
" Rut tins machine itself is very expensive, being worked
by sixteen horses, and nearly $3U,OUO have been expended
in its opeiauon."
But that is not all. The same witnesses, his
own neighbors, who were sworn in the State of
Michigan, give us testimony upon this subject. I
bring to the attention of the Senate the testimony
of one who, much as the Senator from Michigan
does know, knows more than he does about the-
matter. I bring the testimony of the man who
swears that he operated the machine for five years,
I believe. However, I will read the testimony,
and see what it is. Let us hear what the very
man employed by Moore & Hascall to operate
the machine says:
" This deponent has been familiar with all the operations
of Moore &. lioocall's harv(- sinig inaehim si in Michigan,
and only live ot said machines have been used in said
Statu. Tins deponent further *>tatf'$, that the estimate
placed on -said machine by Miid Hiram Moore, when otl'i r-
n g to <?ell the Miiue, was never less than This
deponent further states, thai the machine aforesaid requires,
in its opciahon, a ham ol st.ueeu hoise^/'
Now, will the Senator trom Michigan tell me
again that I was mistaken? His denials brought
forth the production of this testimony. 1 had
heard that the facts oould be proved, and I made
the statement, though I did not refer to the testi-
mony then; and the Senator was peculiarly un-
fortunate m taking an issue with me in the man-
ner he did. Here is the proof of the very man
who worked the machine:
"The machine opeiated for several years past by me,
this deponent, is the nios-t periect 111 all u> paut, ot all the
hai \ruling machines (Inn t have known eou&mieted under
Moore lla&callN patent."
Before that he states:
"This deponent states that II nam Moore, in the year
I8M, cut (or inni, tins deponent, thiee acie?. of wheat
with the harvt>i>fingmachine aioiesanl, beinir the first acre
thai had e\ei bryjj cut with .-aid uiaehine. This deponent
has been Umiiiar Willi .-aid haivrsinig machine's opeia-
tiunr,. Inihejcat 1 contracted with lluain Mooic to
run, and did run, he- harve-nug machine tluongh the h.u-
ve-i; and fiom that time to l8-)o I run a harvesting ma-
chine or machine^ for >aid lluain Mooie; and in 1^15 [
built ahaivesting machine lor >aid iliiam Moore and my-
self, and hive continued to run said machine es'eiy har-
vest np to the present tunc."
I wiil ask the Senator if he ever did as much as
that? and yet he tells us that he knows all about
it. lie has seen it operate, and can tell us that n
takes but twelve horses; and yet, at the same time,
he tells us that it will take eight horses to operate
' a threshing machine. He tells us that it will cost
but $(j00. From the testimony of his own col-
league we see that it is veiy expensive; and by the
sworn witness who manufactured one, we are told
that Moore never pretended to estimate it at less
than $1,000. The Senator then says:
Talk about stopping reapers in tfie harvest nefds ofthe j
coimuy! Thai argument cannot be touched with logie, i!
because then; is no beginnuiguud uoemlto it. These men !j
cxpio-dy said in their 01 igoi.il pal en t that they did not < hum m
the invention of a thre hmg machine. Such mat In net. have ! |
been twd tor > ears. Nobodv hold-, a patent lor them now. j,
They do ncitclaim it. They do not claim to be the inventors (|
ot a fanning null. They do not chum to he the inventors ot !:
a rake. They do not claim to be the 111 ventois ol the eai t- j j
♦wheels by which tln-s niuchineiy i-. prope.lled l)ut ihey '}
claim that they have combined the<-e threshing power- and ■)
cleaning powers with cerium cuitmtf apparatus which they j 1
have invented, so as to secure a patentable mactnne. Why, i
bir. talk about Mopping tbieshing mac Inner-, and Mopping
landing miles, and Mopping reapers! The thing is an ab- j;
?>urdit\." i'1
The Senator, as a lawyer, knows that it could |j
be done, if they could once at rogate to themselves j
these lights. He did not reflect when he said that ;■
it was an absurdity. If he ever brought a patent by no less names than those of Samuel Stevens,
suit, I ask if he did not obtain an injunction to j! of Albany, New York, by Charles M. Keller, by
stop the machine? Every lawyer in the Senate, Samuel Blatchford, and others. They state, in a
who has ever commenced a patent suit, knows j' paper which I have in my hand, that Moore so
that if he charges a machine with infringing a pat- |. swore; and that when his patent was demanded of
ent, he can stop its operation. Everybody knows ;! him, it. was apparent to the court that he had
that it if? one of the simplest operations to obtain '■ sworn to what was not contained in his patent.
laws of* the United ] There it is. I submit it for the benefit of the Sen-
call, their agents, and their counsellors, and their
attorneys, if they undertake that game, to come
with the most potent force; for I tell them that
they wili meet with a force there hardy and stern
in opposition; and they never can inflict this irre-
parable injury upon the agriculturists of the West,
until the men there become baser cowards than
they have yet shown themselves to be. Then the
Senator makes use of this language:
"There is no doubt about one thing, and I do not seek
to disguise it here ; and, as the Senator has given me notice
that he is going very extensively into this argument, f will
say to him, that if he chooses to touch that "branch of the
question>J—
What branch? Why that branch which treats
of the conflict between Moore & IXascall and
Mr. McCormick.
"—I shall be delighted to meet him, not on account of
any paitienJnr piovvess thai I claim for uiyMdt, hut because
k uuth is mighty, and will prevail;' and h nowhere more
ceiiain to prevail than in the Senate ot the tinned States.
It it- not denied that other individuals do ciami, in respect
to the cutting appaiatus, what Moore & lia-eall claim.
Ilu^sey does not claim H. A* f said before, there is uo
collision with lliucey'h machine."
Here is a bait thrown out, I suppose, to the
Senators from Maiyland to keep them quiet.
They are not to make any fuss. They are to let
Moore & Hascall get their patent. There is no
conflict with Hussey; and, therefore, the Senators
from Maryland are to he perfectly still. Let them
do so, and let this patent be extended, and they
will see what will become of Hussey's rights. I
will say there is no more conflict between Hus-
sey and McCormick than there is between Mc-
Cormick and f-Jussey and these men.
" As l Miid before, there is no eolhMon with Ilu^eey's
mm lime ; but then; ate pei.-ons in the eountiy who have
bought to obtain glorv, 1 eputation, and Ct.hit over the inven-
tion^ ol Moore Ij.weall, and llu^sey. 1 will asd< my
frmnd from Maiyland, [Mr. Pt:\Hfic,] if he hus nine to
look mio it and he will find that U u-sev is an original, true,
and mejHonour inventoi, entitled to*the thanks of the
whole agncultuial community.
I do not deny it. McCormick does not deny it.
'• He will find Moore & Hascall 10 be of the t-aim* class.
But, Mr, lie vvitl find that the man who went to England,
and sought tocariy ofl'eveiything by edat,has nevei invent-
ed a machine of thu, charactei at all."
He has not named this gentleman. He has
been alluding to him, though, ns the man who
was trying to get eclat in England. Then he goes
on further to smy:
"lie has invented nothing. I do not seek to involve
mvelf in any conirnveiay about other machine* ; but I
daie meet the Senator on this point. 1 speak on tins ques-
tion to inv ieilow-S'-naloih hi re with a iittic ieehng,loi ihis
rea-on . Moore ^ ff.it.call have expended .£30,000 in invent-
ing the onlv machine that will opeiate. Tiiev arc the sole
inventois ot tin; mcKIc applied a?. ih<-y apply it—m a mnn-
nei that n woHii anything. McCormick'* machine will
not win k unless he can u -c Moore St Hascall^ sickle.*'
There McCormick'a name occurs for the first
time.
Let me pay to the Senator that I accept the
challenge, and I will furnish him with the benefit
of his pHtent. I have a correct copy of it, certified
by ilie Patent Office. There [handing it to Mr.
Stuart] is a copy of the patent issued to Moore
& Hawaii in Id3(i. I ask the Senator to show
me in that the sickle that is now claimcd, and [
will show it with more minute specifications in
McCormtck's patent, dated 1834, two years be-
fore. I wiil tell she Senator another thing. His
man, Moore, in the Seymour & McCormick case,
swore that he invented the sickle in 1835, and that
it was included m his patent. When he swore
that, the court forced him to produce the patent;
and when it was produced, there was nothing- of
the kind in it. How do I prove that? I prove it
an injunction under the patent
States. Certainly he knows it. I repeat what I
said then, that in the large fields of giam in the
western country, no mjuiy could he more calami-
tous than to the farmers 111 the midst of haivest.
It wou'd strike more terioi and consternation into
the mind of the public there than anything else
could do. If such a thing could be enforced, it
would do more real injury than anything else which
could be done: but, sn, it could not be enforced;
it would not be tolerated. I advise Moore & Has-
1 ator. But f have mo?e evidence on the subject.
. A great deal has been furnished to me. I have
, here, besides, the models, on a small scale, of all
■ the different cutting apparatus that have been used
| by any of these gentlemen, and not one of them
| is like that of McCormickand it cannot be
■ shown that they are. And I will tell the Senator
1 now, that he may claim the identical sickle, if he
! pleases, that they have, and he cannot cut a stalk
j of straw with it. He might just an well take a
