1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
707
mere matters of form; so that, with regard to the
strictly regular Army, it is undoubtedly true, as
our law stands, that all the officers are practically
appointed by the House of Representatives. They
are not appointed by that House as a House, but
they are' severally appointed by the respective
members of the House.
I do not stop to inquire whether this system of
appointment is right or not. I have heretofore
stated in my place, on another occasion, that I
thought it was wrong, and I think so now. I
think the system is wrong; and though I do not
believe that it formally violates the Constitution,
1 think it tends in a direction which is injurious,
and which the Constitution probably intended to
prevent by its arrangements in regard to appoint-
ments. But, sir, that system isfastened upon us,
and the question is now, whether, in the existing
state of tilings, the members of this body, as well
as the members of the other House, should not
have an influence in these selections? It is a
strange thing to say that the President, who is the
original appointing power, should have a right to
appoint a certain number of cadets, that the mem-
bers of the House of Representatives shall have
power to appoint a certain number of cadets, and
that all the officers in the Army shall be taken from
the cadets so appointed; and then to say that the
Senators shall have no influence in the actual con-
stitution of the Army; because, it is said, we have
a formal vote, when a commission is tendered to
an officer, whether or not we will advise and con-
sent to his appointment. Sir, we know that we
have no right—we cannot justly and honorably
refuse to appoint him. He is entitled; and if we
were to refuse our assent to such a nomination, it
would be a plain violation of duty, and an injury
done to a party in refusing him a right which he
had acquired by law.
Now, str, I wish to say a word upon the idea
suggested by my friend from Maryland, who first
spoke on this subject, [Mr. Pearce,] and which
he did not exactly carry out, as to the propriety
of these appointments. The selections made by
the members of the House of Representatives
are necessarily made from their districts. They
are intended to be made, and I believe they are
required by law to be made, from their districts.
Then the persons in the respective districts, who,
for whatever reason, have influence with, or con-
trol over the member, receive these appointments.
Then the President has a certain number, ten, I
think it is, of cadets, to appoint at large; the ob-
ject being that he may look through the nation, and
select those persons, who, either on account of
their own merits, or the services of their fathers,
may have particular claims upon the country to
be provided for. And so there is a class of persons
in every State, who may have no local strength in a
district, who may not be able to command the
influences which prevail upon the member repre-
senting the district in which such a meritorious
and excellent young man may reside, to appoint
him, and who yet may haveclaims, and very high
claims, upon_the consideration of the whole State,
of which he is a citizen, either through his own
promise, or the services which have been rendered
by his family and connections.
Now, sir," what we want m order to carry out
the system, (whether it was right or wrong when
it was originated,) is to give to the members of
this body, nominations by which the States at
large may be respectively provided for, as now
the President looks through the whole nation,
and provides for those having claims upon the
whole body, and the members of the House of
Representatives attend to the claims of individuals
in their districts. The system has been adopted,
and I think we ou°;ht to carry it out; and the only
other step we could take with propriety, would be
to undo it altogether. If it stands in regard to the
House, I think it ought to be extended to the
Senate.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. President. I oppose the
ninth section of the bill, mainly because it proposes
to make an increase which, in my judgment, the
country does not need for the legitimate services
of the Army, for keeping it up and maintaining it
in sufficient force. It is not so much on account
of the patronage or responsibility which it throws
upon die Senate, as for the reason that I believe
the increase is not necessary, and not called for,
that I shall vole against it.
I do not entertain a doubt about the constitu-
tionality of this education. It is an arm of the
defense of the country. There can be no doubt
that the Government has the power to take the
first, the incipient steps to prepare the men who
are^ to defend the country for that service; but
while that may be done, it ought to be confined to
the legitimate objects of defense. It ought, at
furthest, to be confined to the education of as many
as shall by necessary to officer your Army. It
has not been shown here that the present number
is incompetent for that purpose; but the argument
is, that these young men receive a good education
at West Point, and when they graduate do not
take commissions, do not remain in the Army,
but become very valuable citizens, and important
auxiliaries in the construction of railroads, and in
other engineering service. All that, 1 have no
doubt, is true. I have no question but that the
country derives great benefit and great advantage
from the education of these young men there, but
that is no apology to me for the education at the
public expense of all the young men in the country.
That is a matter which should be left to the States.
I have nothing to say against the discipline, the
teaching, or the rules of this institution; nor as to
the education and accomplishments of the young
men who are educated at it. No doubt they are
thoroughly bred and thoroughly educated. Un-
doubtedly they are made thorough engineers,
thorough soldiers, and thorough officers. I have
no question that the school is as good a one as can
exist m this country, or as exists in any other;
but I have yet been unable to find a good reason
for the education of one class of your officers at
the expense of the Government, and the neglect
and refusal to educate another class. Now, sir,
I mean to reflect no disparagement upon the head
of the nation, or any of his immediate counsel-
lors, nor upon any of the Senators or any of the
Representatives in the other House, nor upon any
of the judiciary, nor upon the legal learning of the
Attorney General, or the district attorneys, or
other officers who are employed by this Govern-
ment; but I have yet to learn, or yet to be con-
vinced, why it is not of as much importance to
the United States, and to the advantage, interest,
advancement, and safety of the country generally,
to educate one class of officers as another. Why
do you not establish a school at which you shall
keep a class of young men constantly educating,
from whom shall come all your Presidents, all
your Secretaries of State, of War, of the Navy,
of the Treasury, and of the Interior, and all your
Attorneys General and Postmasters General?
Why do you not establish a school for the educa-
tion of your judiciary—your supreme, circuit,
and district judges ? Why do you not establish
a diplomatic school ?
I hold it is as important to any country that the
persons who bear the responsibility abroad of.
negotiating delicate questions, of keeping peace,
and maintaining the honor of their country, should
be educated for that purpose, as it is that A or B
shall be educated to know how to wield the sword
or the musket. '
It is as important, in my judgment, to this
country, that yon should have a learned corps of
diplomatists ab&ad, as that you should have a
learned corps of fencers at home. It is as im-
portant that you should have a corps of learned
men from whom you are to take your Executives,
and a corps learned thoroughly in all the history,
and science, and policy not only of your own but
of all other Governments, who shall be imbued
with the entire propriety and policy of foreign in-
tercourse, to conduct that branch of the Govern-
ment. It is as important that you should educate
a Secretary of State for that purpose, that you
should educate a Secretary of the Treasury, who
is to control the moneyed destinies of the country,
who is to dry them up by awkwardness, or make
them flow on evenly and smoothly, iructif) mg
the whole earth by his intelligent and learned and
wise policy; that you should educate Senators and
members of the other-House, by whose voice and
whose brea'li the whole destinies of the country
are to be ruled, and from whose hands the laws
for the government of the Army are to originate
and emanate, as it is to educate your commanders
in the field. Sir, I am not able to see why it is
that you should educate one class of officers and
rol educate all.
This argument, I grant, would go to the founda-
tion of this establishment entirely; but this insti-
tution has been so long fastened upon the coun-
try, and its results have proved so beneficial and
honorable, as I hesitate not to say they have, that
it would be impossible, and probably impolitic, to
attempt now to' wipe it out or abrogate it from
among the institutions of the country. While I
am willing to concede that this school has done
much for the military arm of the public service,
may I ask would not a school for the education
of your judges do as much for that service ? If
you get it once established, and get all your old
judges removed by death, and your new ones
educated at a Government law school, how Boon
will that fasten itself upon the country so that
you cannot abrogate it? If you fasten upon the
country a school for the education of Senators,
may it not be possible there will be a more
learned body than the Senate has ever had here?
And so with the House of Representatives, and so
with the Executive himself.
Then the fact that this institution has rendered
service is nota sufficient apology for me for increas-
ing the number of its students. The fact that it
has produced an able and learned set officers for
the Army is not a sufficient reason for me to vote
for this section as it stands. But, sir, the main
argument which is used here is, that we are to
educate, at the public expense, a set of engineers,
not officers of the Army. This bill provides that
the cadets shall be paid $33 a month, and found,
to acquire an education to go out to the country in
one department of life, as engineers.
Admitting the propriety and necessity of this
school, I protest against the attempt to educate,
at the public expense, every young man in the
country. My whole policy and idea in public
life has been to put my fellow-citizens, old and
young, men and their sons, rich and poor, upon
,a political equality, starting at the broad basis of
equal rights, letting every one scramble for the
prizes of life, which are open to all. Never teach
your young men that they are the pets of the
Government. Never say to them, " through you
and by you are to come all the officers, all the
commanders of our armies," and then say to
others, " you need not go to the Vermont, or to
the Kentucky military school, you need not seek
any learning in this branch, for promotion is not
yours; you cannot advance unless you go through
one particular institution." I would open the
door to the just emulation and just ambition of
all. If you do this, you will find plenty of mili-
tary schools starting up all over the country,
which will educate your young men, and qualify
them for the Army, as you find now that colleges
and academies are educating all forthe civil walks
of life.
In my judgment, you will infuse a greater stim-
ulant to exertion, and a greater ambition for
excellence, and par excellcnce, too, in the young
men of the country, if you say to them, "the
door is open far you—prepare yourselves for
public service in the various departments and
walks of life, and the various conditions in which
your country may need your services, and when
j they are needed you will be sure to be appointed,
j and to receive the proper reward."
I Notwithstanding the advantages which it is said
J we have derived from this school, I believe that if
I a different policy had been adopted at the begin-
! niug, we should to-day have an abler corns of Army
' officers than we now have. And while I say that it
! jg equally right that gentlemen should be educated
' from boyhood up for senatorial positions, and for
presidential positions, as that young men should
> be'educated for Army officers, yet I am ready to
admit, and do solemnly assevcr, that I believe the
■ Senate is now, and has been abler, than it would
have been if a set of pet boys had been educated
i to take these places; and I believe the same result
■ would have been the case with the Army. But,
I sir it one is to be educated at the public expense,
j and become a favored class, there is no reason
1 why another should not be. _
I am opposed to this increase in the number of
' cadets If it were a new question, I should be
i opposed fo the school entirely, because I believe
i there is injustice and inequality in it. I believe it
renresses the spirit of the ambitious young men
I of'the country who have a turn for military oper-
ations. It says to every one of them, "unless
' you can get patted upon the shoulder by a mem-
' ber of the House of Representatives or a Senator,
' and receive a governmental education, you can
