1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2275
Richland, Mellen's Depot, Sandy Creek, Mans-
field, Pierrepont, Manor, Adams, Adams Centre,
Appling, Watertown, Brownsville, Dexter, Lim-
erick, Chaumont, and Three Mile Bay, to Gape
Vineent.
From Rondout, by Kingston, Hurley, Marble-
town, Stone Ridge, Kysericke, Accord, Kerhonk-
son, Wawarsing, and Napanock, to Ellenville.
From Rough and Ready, by West Union, Slay-
ter's in Troupsburg, and Brookfield, to Westfield,
Pennsylvania.
From Rough and Ready, by Head of Bennett's
Creek, Slyter's, and Brookfield,Pennsylvania, to
Knoxville.
From Rough and Ready to White's Corners,
Pennsylvania.
From Roxbury, by Batavia Kill, to Griffin's
Corners.
From Rural Hill, by Belleville, Ellisburg, and
Woodville, back to Rural Hill.
From Russia, by Postville, Ohio, and Wilmot,
to Morehouseville.
From Rural Hill, by Woodville, Ellisburg,
and Belleville, to Pierrepoint.
From Sackett's Harbor, by Smithville, Hen-
derson, Robert's Corners, and Belleville, to
Pierrepont Manor.
From Sackett's Harbor, by Pillar Point to
Point Peninsula.
From Sageville, by Lake Pleasant, Gilman,
Wells, Hope Centre, and Hope, to Northville.
From Salubria, by Hector Landing, North
Hector, Big Stream, Point, Starkey, Lodi, Ovid,
and West Dresden, to Geneva.
From Saratoga Sorings, by Wilton, Ganse-
voort, South Glen Falls, Moreau Station, Fort
Edward, Smith's Basin, Fort Ann, Comstock's
Landing, Whitehall, Low Hampton, Fair Ha-
ven, Vermont, and Hydeville, to Castleton.
From Saratoga Springs, by Greenfield Centre,
North Greenfield, South Corinth, Corinth, and
Hadley, to Luzerne.
From Saugerties, by Woodstock, to Bears-
ville.
From Savona, by Pradford, Tyrone, Attay,
North Reading, and Reading Centre, to Rock
Stream.
From Schagticoke, by Easton, North Easton,
Coila, Greenwich, North Greenwich, South Ar-
gyle, and Argyle, to Fort Edward.
From Schenectady, by Hoffman's Ferry,
Cranesville, Amsterdam, Tribe's Hill, Fonda,
Canajoharie, Palatine Bridge, Fort Plain, Pala-
tine, St. Johnsville, Manheim, Little Falls, Her-
kimer, East Schuyler, and West Schuyler, to
U tica.
From Schenectady, by Rexford Flats, Burnt
Hills, and Ballston Centre, to Ballston.
From Schenectady, by Rotterdam, Princetown,
Duanesburg, Gtuaker Street, Schoharie, Middle-
burg, Franklinton, Livingstonville, Preston Hol-
low, and Cooksburg, to Durham.
From Schenectady, by East Glenville, Charl-
ton, Glennville, and West Charlton, to Galway.
From Schroon Lake, by Schroon River, North
Hudson, New Russia, Elizabethtown, and Lewis,
to Keeseville.
From Schroon River, by Adirondac, to Long
Lake.
From Scott, by Sempronius, and D'resservilie,
to Moravia.
From Schuyler's Lake, by Exeter, to West
Exeter.
From Seneca Falls, by Canoga, East Varick,
and Fayette, to Romulus.
From Shokan, by Olive Bridge and Sampson-
ville, to Kerhonke.
From Silver Creek, by Forrestville and Char-
lotte Centre, to Gerry.
From Silver Creek, by Forrestville, Hamlet,
Villa Nova, Cherry Creek, and Clear Creek, to
Ellington.
From Sinclairsville to Charlotte Centre.
From Sing Sing to Pleasantville Depot.
From Skaneateles Junction, by Mottville, to
Sif
From Skaneateles, by South Marcellus, Mari-
etta, Amber, Otisco, Vesper, Tully, and Apulia,
to Fabius.
From Smithboro', by Halsey Valley, Spencer,
and West Danby, to Ithaca.
From South Byron, by Byron, Clarendon,
Holly, and Murray, to Hulburton.
From South Onondaga, by Otisco, to Vesper.
From St. Armand, by Franklin Falls, to Ham-
ilton, in Franklin county.
From Stockholm Station, by Stockholm and
Southville, to Parishville.
From Stockton, by Gerry, to Charlotte Centre.
From Suffern's, by Spring Valley, Monsey,
Nanuet, Blauvettsville, to Piermont.
From Suffolk C. H , by duogue, to Speonk.
From Suffolk C. H., by Flanders, to Good
Ground.
From Suffolk C. H., by Baiting Hollow, to
Wading River.
From Suffolk Station, by Smithtown, Smith-
town Branch, and Stony Brook, to Setauket.
From Suspension Bridge to Detroit.
From Susquehanna Depot, Pennsylvania, by
Lanesboro', Windsor, New York, Susquehanna,
Centre Village, Harpersville, Nineveh, South
Bainbridge, Bainbridge, Sidney Plains, Unadilla,
and Otega, to Oneonta.
From Syracuse, by Onondaga Valley, South
Onondaga, and Navarino, to Amber.
From Syracuse, by Onondaga Castle, Cardiff,
Tully Valley, and Homer, to Cortlandt Village.
From Syracuse, by Baldwinsville, Lamson's,
Fulton, South Granby, and Oswego Falls, to Os-
wego.
From Syracuse, by Messina Springs and Coi-
lamar, to Bridgeport.
From Syracuse, by Salina, Liverpool, Clay,
Three-River Points, and Phoenix, to Lamson's.
From Syracuse, by Jamesville, Pompey, Fabius,
Keeney's Settlement, and Cuy!er,to Truxton.
From Syracuse, by Geddes, Camillus, Marcel-
lus, Marcellus Falls, Auburn, Cayuga, Seneca
Falls, Waterloo, Geneva, Oaks Corners, Phelps,
Clifton Springs, Manchester Centre, Chapinville,
Canandaigua, Victor, Pittsford, and Brighton, to
Rochester.
From Syracuse, by Dewitt, Fayetteville, Man-
lius, Oran, and Delphi, to De Ruyter.
From Syracuse, by Salina, Plank Road, Cicero,
Brewerton, Central Square, Hastings Centre,
Hastings, Collosse, Union Square, South Rich-
land, and Richland, to Sandy Creek.
From Syracuse, by Fairmount, Geddis, and
Belle Isle, to Van Buren.
From Three Mile Bay to Point Peninsula.
From Ticonderoga, by Putsville, Schroon
Lake, and Woodwardsville, to Minerva.
From Trivoli, by Upper Red Hook and Cler-
mont, to Livingston.
From Tompkinsville, byStapleton, Richmond,
Marshland, South Side, Rossville, Lemon Creek,
and Richmond Valley, to Tottenville.
From Trenton, by Holland Patent, Stillville,
and Floyd, to Utica.
From Troy, by Poestenkill, East Poestenkill,
West Berlin, Berlin Centre, Berlin, South Berlin,
North Stephentown, Stephentown, and South
Stephentown, to New Lebanon.
From Troy, by Haynesville, Raymertown,
Pittstown, Potter Hill, and Hoosick, to North
Hoosick Depot.
From Troy to East Albany.
From Troy, by Wynant s Kill, West Sand
Lake, Sand Lake, Alps, West Stephentown,
Stephentown, Hancock, (Massachusetts,) and
Lanesboro', to Pittsfield.
From Troy, by Eagle Mills, Grafton, and East
Grafton, to Petersburg.
From Troy, by Niskayuna, WatervlietCentre,
and Rexford Flats, to Schenectady.
From Troy, by Waterford, Mechanicsville,
Maltavilie, Malta, East Line, and Ballston, to
Saratoga Springs.
Fiom Trumansburg, by Searsburg and Steam-
burg, to North Hector.
From Unadillo, by Sidney, Franklin, Croton,
and West Meredith, to Delhi
From Union Society, by Bagley's Four Cor-
ners, Big Hollow, and East Kill, to East Jewett.
From Unipn to Friendsville, Pennsylvania.
From Union, by Union Centre and Maine, to
Nanticoke Springs.
From Unionville, by Clove, New Jersey, to
Deckertown.
From Upper Red Hook, by Elizaville, Jack-
son's Corners, Pine Plains, and Pulver's Corners,
to North East.
From Urbana, by North Urbana, Keuka,
Wayne, and Dundee, to North Starkey.
Fiom Urbana, by South Pultney and Pultney,
to Branchport.
From Utica, by Deerfield, North Gage, slid
Groversville, to Russia. ,
From Utica, by Frankfort Hill, Cedar Lsfce,
North Winfield, West Winfield, East Plainfieldj
West Exeter, Burlington Flats, West Burlington,
Garrottsville, and New Lisbon, to Morris. .. •
From Utica, bjr Frankfort Hill, Litchfield, Ge.-
darville, Columbia, South Columbia, anid Rich-
field, to Richfield Springs.
From Utica, by Clinton, Oriskany Falls, Soils-
ville, Bouekville, Eaton, West Eaton,Georgetown,
Otselic, South * Otselic, and North Pitcher, to
Pitcher.
From Utica, by New York Mills, Walesville,
and Manchester, to Westmoreland.
From Utica, by New Hartford,Clinton, Deans-
ville, Oriskany Falls, Madison, Sollsville, Bouck-
ville, Hamilton, Earlville, Sherburne, and North
Norwich, to Norwich.
From Utica, by Washington Mills, Sauquoit,
Ciayville, Cassville, North Bridgewater, Bridge-
water, Leonardsville, West Edmeston, South Ed-
meston, New Berlin, Morris, West Laurens, and.
West Oneonta, to Oneonta.
From Utica, by South Trenton, Trenton,
Remsen, Elder Creek, Boonville, Leyden, Tu-
rin, Houseville, Martinsburg, Lowville, Stowe's
Square, Denmark, and Rutland, to Watertown.
From Ufica, by Kirkland, Lairdsville, Vernon,
and Oneida Castle, to Oneida Depot.
From Utica, by New Hartford, Paris, Water-
ville, Sangersville, North Brookfield,East Hamil-
ton, Poolville, and Earlville, to Smyrna.
From Waddington to Madrid Depot. _
From Walden, by Shawagunk,Galeville Mills,
and New Hurley, to Modena.
From Walton, by Northampton, to Croton.
From Walton, by Franklin and North Frank-
lin, to Oneonta.
From Walton by New Road, Sidney Centre,
Unadilla, Unadilla Centre, and Butternuts to
Morris.
From Warrensburg to Athol.
From Waterville, by Sangerville, Madison,
Bouckville, Pine Woods, Morrisville, Nelson,.
Cazenovia, Oran, Manlius, Fayetteville, and De-
witt, to Syracuse.
From Waterloo, by Rose Hill, West Fayette,
Varick, Romulus, Romulus Centre, Ovid, Lodi,
Farmer, Covert, Trumansburg, and Jacksonville,
to Ithaca.
From Waterford, by Half-Moon, Crescent, and
Clifton, to Jonesville.
From Watertown, b> Brownsville,Perch River,
Stone Mills, and Lafargeville, to Clayton.
From Watertown, by Black River, Felt's Mills,
Great Bend, Sterlingville, Pogland, Antwerp,
Somerville, Gouveneur, Richville, DeKalb, Blink
Bonny, and Hauvelton, to Ogdensburg.
From Watertown, by East Hounsfield, to Sack-
ett's Harbor.
From Watertown, by Sanford's Corners,
Evan's Mills, Whitney's Corners, Bentley's Cor-
ners, Oxbow, Rossie, Hammond, Brier Hill, and
Morristown, to Ogdensburg.
From Watertown, by Stowell's Corners and
North Adams, to Smithville.
From Warsaw, by Weathersfield Springs, Her-
mitage, Weathers field, East Java, Java, Java
Village, and Strykersville, to Wales.
From Wawarsing,by Lackawack, toGrahams-
ville. .
From Wayland Depot, by Dansville, Ossian,
and East Hill, to Nunda.
From Waverly Station, by Selden and Mount
Sinai, to Miller's Place. .
From Weedsport, by Seneca River, Cato, Meri-
dian, Ira, Hannibal Centre, Hannibal, and Kin-
ney's Four Corners, to Oswego.
From Wellsburg to Orcutt Creek, Penney lvania.
From Wellsville, by Hallsport, Whitesville,
Spring Mills, Bingham, Pennsylvania, White's
Corners, Harrison Valley, Westfield, Knoxville,
Elkland, and Nelson, to Lawrenceville.
From West Addison, by Rising'sand Depew's,
to Bath.
From West Batavia, by East Pembroke, Pem-
broke, Newatead, Clarence, Ham's Hill, Wil-
liamsville, and Buffalo Plains, to Buffalo.
From West Chazy, by Chazy, to Champlain.
From West Chazy, by Sciota, to Moore's.
From Westfield, by Volusia, Sherman, Centre
Sherman, and Clymer, to Columbus, Pennsyl-
vania.
