1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1417
Mr. STUART. Iam very far from desiring
to detain the Senate here with a discussion which
might be very appropriate if the cause were on
trial before a court, and with not a very intelligent
jury to decide upon it, and I am perfectly willing
that the question shall now be submitted to the.
Senate as to the engrossment of the bill, witho#!
saying one word. With all respect to the Senator
from Wisconsin, I have heard nothing which
makes it necessary to add to what I said before.
I stated then what I slate now, and I have the
papers here to show that Moore & Hascall dis-
claimed m their patent, when they made their
application, all right to an invention of a threshing
machine, or for a fanning mill, or for anything of
that sort. They simply claim to have invented a
reel and sickle. 1 believe the Senate are disposed
to take a vote at this time; I will, therefore, not
detain them.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; and on the question of ordering it to
be engrossed for a third reading, Mr. Walker
called for the yeas and nays; and they were or-
dered. &
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the vote is to be taken
now, 1 have only a few words to say on the ques-
tion. 1 have no feeling upon it one way or the
other. I do not know the parties. I only regret
that harsh things have been said of a constituent
of mine, whom 1 believe to be avery worthy man—
Mr. McCormick. I do not think imputations upon
his character can be justly made. In regard to
the controversy about the renewal of these patents,
I do not see my way clear to vote for any of them
when the patent has expired. My ground of ob-
jection is this: I see no power under the Consti-
tution to reinvest in an individual a right which
has been vested in the public. Before a patent
expires, and while it is still private property, it is
very probable that Congress has the power to con-
tinue it as such, under the provision in the Con-
stitution which authorizes the securing of the right
for a limited time to inventors; but when that
period of time has expired, and the right to use it
is vested in the public, every man then has a right
to invest his capital in it, and when the publichas
thus become possessed of it, and manufacturing
establishments have grown up. for the manufac-
ture of machines, and large amounts of capital
have been invested, I doubt whether there is any
constitutional power in the Government to divest
that right and to render that capital valueless. I
see no power under the Constitution to renew a
patent which has expired, or to invest a right in
an individual which has previously vested in the
public. For that reason, on this constitutional
ground, I feel compelled to vote against renewing
any patent in any case where the period for which
it was issued has expired. There are grounds of
expediency connected with this, but i rest my
vote on this one ground, without going into the
argument.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, on
the engrossment of the bill, resulted—yeas 12,
nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Foot, TIamlin,
Houston, James, Johnson, Mallory, Norris, Thompson of
Kentucky, and Williams—12.
NAY?—Adam*-, Allen. Bayard, Benjamin, B rod-
head, Clayton, Dawson, Hixmi, Doiigp of Iowa, Douglas,
Evans, Fessenden, Fish, Gever, Hunter, Rockwell, Sew-
ard, Stuart, Wade, and Walker—20.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. STUART first voted "aye," but before
the result was announced, said: Inasmuch as I
shall move to reconsider the vote, I change my
vote and vote "no." I hope I shall be able to
get Senators to understand the question.
The result having been announced,
Mr. STUART said: I move to reconsider that
vote. If the Senate desire it, I will go into the
discussion of the question now, and I am entirely
prepared to do so, if it is desired; but i was in
hopes that the Senate would have been fuller, and
that there would have been a full investigation of
the case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on the motion to recon- |
eider. !
Mr. STUART. I say, if the Senate desire to
reconsider that question I will proceed now, or i :
am willing to postpone its consideration.
Mr. HUNTER. Close it up now. 1
Mr. STUART. I suggest what I have already I
said, that J consider this case to be one of the
plainest, if the facts can be presented to the Senate
and Senators will take occasion to look at them,
that ever was presented anywhere upon a question
of justice. 1 should like, when I proceed with
my remarks on the subject, that it should be done
| with a full Senate. The Senate is very.thin to-
| day It was difficult to obtain a quorum on the
vote which has just been taken.
Mr. BADGER. I suggest to the Senator either
to move to postpone the consideration of his mo-
tion until to-morrow, or withdraw it now, and he
can make it to-morrow.
Mr. STUART. I am aware that I can do that
! to-morrow, but I do not want to do anything that
I is not entirely fair and proper, and according to
| the wishes of the Senate. The subject is one m
| which I feel a great deal of interest, and which I
! conceive myself perfectly able to explain,
j Mr. BADGER. I move that the motion lie on
j the table.
j_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. WALKER. That motion canbeordered
to lie on the table and be called up a^ain, I sup-
pose. I presume the motion of the Senator from
North Carolina is, that the motion to reconsider
lie on the table.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
Mr. STUART. That motion is not debatable,
and if I were to propose to take it up, I might not
be able to explain anything about it, as the Sen-
ate might refuse to take it up.
Mr. BADGER. Then I move to postpone the
further consideration of the motion to reconsider
until to-morrow.
Mr. DIXON. I have no objection to the post-
ponement. 1 was at a loss how to vote on the
question of the engrossment of the bill, because
1 had not heard the discussion upon it. I really
desire to vote understanding^; and J shall be very
glad to hear what may be said further on the sub-
ject. I think the suggestion made by the Senator
from Illinois [Vlr. Douglas] is one which should
bear with a great deal of force upon the question.
The principle suggested by him as to the power
to divest the people of a right which is already
vested in them is one which should enter into the
question.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
GOLD COINAGE.
Mr. GWIN. 1 hope the Senate will proceed
to consider the bill which was reported sometime
ago from the Committee on Finance, " to author-
ize the coinage of gold pieces of the value respect-
ively of ten eagles and five eagles, and for other
purposes." The objection of the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Fish,] to it will be obviated by
several amendments, which I am authorized by
the committee to propose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) It requires the unanimous consent to
consider that bill to-day.
Mr. GWIN. I hope there will be no objection
to it. The bill was laid aside the other day on
the objection of a single Senator. The mail goes
to California in a few days, and it is very import-
ant that our action upon the bill should be known
there as soon as possible. It is desirable, for
many reasons, that the bill should be acted upon
at once.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, resumed the
consideration of the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. GWIN. I am authorized by the Commit-
tee on Finance to move to amend the bill by striking
out the fourth and fifth sections, as follows:
il ?*ec. 4. JinA be it further cnacled} That illDirector of
the Mint, m the lobulations lie is authonzed to make lor
the a^aj office m >*V\v York, shall place depositor" of§old
bullion ni that ofhee upon th** same footing a* depositors of
gold m the Mint at Philadelphia and branches.
Sec. 5. -find be it further cnnctcJ, t'hat it shall be at
the option of persons depositing gold or silver in bullion or
in foreign coins at the ast-ay office m the city of New Vork,
to receive the mint value of the same, either in refined bat.-,
or in bar* made from the identical metal without lefimng,
but m either ease to bear a ^tamp of the weight, fineness,
and Mint value ; and much of any law heretofore, passed
a-s authorizes any other mode of payment or return foi such
deposit? is hereby repealed."
Mr. HlFNTffR. 1 agree to the amendment,
because 1 do not w ish to embarrass that portion of
the biU which meets with the geneiai assent of the
Senate, by connecting it with another subject; but, ]
sir, this amendment relates to a subject which will
have to be acted upon, and in regard to which I
shall probably move before the close of the ses-
sion. 1 propose to do so upon one of the appro-
priation bills.
Mr. FISH. I understand that the amendment
is to strike out entirely the two sections to which
I excepted before?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. The next amendment of the
committee is m the seventh section, to strike out
the words:
" And the Director, under like rules and regulation1?,
shall acquire and keep a collection of all medals that have
been, or may be, struck by the United Slates, or any of the
States or Toriitones of the United States, and al.-o of all
such as may be struck at the Mint under the provision
hereof."
And to insert in lieu of these words, the fol-
lowing:
And the Director shall cause to be struck in bionze a
duplicate copy of every medal struck at the Mint under the
autliojity of this section, and shall transmit the same to the
Library of Congress, to be there retained.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
the ninth section, after the words "the annual
salary of clerks in the Mint of the United States
to be eighteen hundied dollars each," the words
" from and after the 1st of July, 1854."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section eleven, to insert the wotds " and the assay
office in New York" so as to provide that the ap-
pointment of clerks and assistants in "the offices of
the assistant treasurers of the United States, and
in the offices of the iVIint and branches thereof,
and the assay office in New York, shall respect-
ively he made with the approbation of the Presi-
dent. "
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 desire to offeran amend-
ment to which 1 presume there will be no objec-
tion. It is to come in in the ninth section, which
relates to the salaries of the clerks m the Mint.
The increase provided for in that section, is to
carry out the recommendation of the Secretary of
the Treasury in his annual report, in which he
said:
'< The salaries allowed by law to clerks employed in fhe
foi mer," ("the Mint at Philadelphia.] " have been found in -
sufficient to retain the beat, and recently two of tftc mo&t
skillful and expenenccd clerks left on that account."
It is entirely proper to increase the salaries of
the clerks as proposed. 1 wish to have a further
increase, by adding at the end of that section tfte
following:
And from and after the first day of July, 1854, the salary
of the director of the Mif.t at Philadelphia shall be .$5,000,
and the sakuy of the treasurer thereof shall be$3,0oo.
The treasurer now receives a salary of $2,000,
and $1,000 for paying pensions, and two sums of
$500 for other duties, making $4,000 m all. I
propose, therefore, to raise his salary to $5,000.
When the salary of the director of the Mint at
Philadelphia was fixed at $3,500, which was
done, i think, in 1837 or 1838, there were some
three millions of dollars coined at Philadelphia
annually. There are now nearly $70,000,000
coined there. Since that time there has been added
to the care of the director, the branch Mint in Cali-
fornia, perhaps the branch Mint at New Orleans,
and certainly the assay office in New York. Twice
as much labor is thrown upon him as was in 1837,
when his salary was fixed at $3,500. The salary
of the assistant treasurer at New York, who also
has charge of the assay office there, is $6,000. I
wish to have something like equality among those
officers. Surely if there is a necessity for raising
the clerks' salaries m the Mint at Philadelphia,
there is equal necessity for raising the salary of
the principal officer, which was fixed at the same
time as the other salaries were. I hope, therefore,
that this amendment will be agreed to. Its effect
wdl be to give to the director and treasurer each
$5,000 a year.
Mr. GWIN. I have not the slightest objection
to,that, but I think it was the opinion of the Com-
mittee on Finance that it would be better to pro-
vide for this increase of salary in the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill, where the whole
subject could regularly come up. I do notoppose
the amendment, but 1 think that if there be objec-
tion to it, it would be better for the Senator to
withdraw it at this time. I am in favor of bring-
