1418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
ing up the subject of increasing the compensation
of there officers, not only m the Mint at Philadel-
phia, but elsewhere. L< t it be done on the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill. I have no ob-
jection to the amendment, as I said before, but I
hope the Senator will withdraw it now, if thereis
opposition to it, and not press it on this bill.
Mr, HUNTER. Mr. President, I am not dis-
posed to go further now than we have gone in this
bill. It was necessary to make some provision
for the salaites of the clerks of the Mint, because
they were leaving Philadelphia and going to New
York. The difference in compensation between
the two places was such that it was impossible to
keep some of the bestclerks in the Mint at Phila-
delphia with the existing salaries. But I was not
disposed to go further; certainly not in this bill.
I am not prepared to say that I would vote $5,000
to the treasurer or Director of the Mint, 1 «m
not prepared to say that 1 would give those offi-
cers so high a grade of salary. The Senator front
Pennsylvania  efers to the assistant treasurer at
the port of New York, who has custody of an
immense amount of revenue. He is not a mere
officer of the Mint, but one who^is assistant
treasurer at the poit of New York, and who has
the custody of the large amount of revenues col-
lected there. Of course you have to give him
large compensation, because he has to provide
large bonds. His risk is great, and his responsi-
bilities are large. I am not willing to vote this
increase of salaries. When the general biltcome.s
up I shall be willing to consider the subject. I
do not, however, commit myself either way upon
the subject of increased salaries here.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It is true the treasurer at
New York has charge of a large sum of money;
but has not the treasurer of the Mint at Philadelphia
charge of quite as much, if not more? His bonds
are $300,000. Surely there can be no real objection
to tins increase. It will not embanass this bill.
It will strengthen it, I wilt venture to inform the
Senator from Oabformu. This is so just and fair
a proposition that it seems tome it cannot be re-
sisted. It ought to go into this bill because it
relittes to the Mint. The salaries of the clerks in
the Mint are increased by this very bid. Then
why not increase the salary of the principal in
the same hill r The dnecfor of the Mint at Phil-
adelphia has charge of ail the branch Mints, anil
thus a larger amount of labor is thrown upon
him, more than was required at his hands when
bis salary was fixed at the present rate. In all
piobability this amendment will not embarrass
bill at all. i hope it will be agieed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The assistant treasurer at
New York hus now the custody of something like
$•■29*000,000. It iscetiam that 1ns responsibilities
arc gieater than those of the treasurer of the
Mint can be. As I understand the statement of
the Senator from X^ennsylvania, the treasuier of
the Mint now receives, in salary and allowances,
something like $4,000 a year. I am not disposed
to increase this to $5,000; nor am 1 disposed, from
anything I have heard as yet, to give so large a
salary to the director of the Mint. I think no
reason has been shown why we should make this
increase, unless we go on with the general subject
of salaries, and increase them all. If we begin
with this, i do not see why we shall not be forced
to go among all the officers of the countiy, in-
crease the salaues of the custom-hou>e officers,
and others, and ninke a geneial advance. Inas-
much as I am not prepared to vote for that, 1 am
not willing to vote for this amendment on this
bin.
Mr. DAWSON. I hope the amendment will
be withdrawn; but if we are to go on the general
subject of an increase of salaries, I desire to be
heard. It is proposed to increase these salaries to
a targe amount; and it is urged that they should
be mci eased because of the large bonds which the
officers have to give. Now. we ail know practi-
cally that a bond of §<300,000 amounts to nothing.
The amount of the bond never regulates the
amount of salary.
I hope, sir, the question will be postponed until
we take up the subject of salaries generally. Why
should we give $5,000 to an officer of this kind?
It is a salary almost equal to that of the head of
one of our Departments, who is engaged here ,
during: the whole season. If we are to begin with ;
this system, let us begin with the head, with the I
X>resident} and come down and take ia all the '
officers, and not have an increase in detail in this
way in a bill of this kind.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The objections urged by
the Senator from Virginia and the Senator from
Georgia apply to the bill now under consideration.,
It proposes to increase salaries, it provides for
an increase in the salaries of the clerks in the
Mint. Then, while we have under consideration
the subject of "the salaries of the different officers
connected with the Mint, why not consider them
all? There is a particular reason why the director
of the Mint should have an increase of salary.
Additional duties have been thrown upon him.
His labors have been trebled, a-nd the responsi-
bilities of his office have been trebled since 1837,
when his present salary was fixed.
Mr. SEW A RD. I wish to suggest to my hon-
orable friend from Pennsylvania a reason which,
I hope, will be sufficient to induce him to with-
draw his amendment. I am in favor of his prop-
osition , and will support if when it properly comes
up. But it is not exactly germane to this >ill, and
that is an objection which is very well taken
against it by those who raise the objection here.
To that he makes the answer that we do already,
by this bill, increase the salaries of the clerks in
the Mint, it is sufficient to reply to that, thereis
no objection, so fur as that i-< conccrned, and it
does not hinder the passage of this bill. But the
Senator will only embarrass the bill and endanger
it, without effecting his object, by insisting on the
amendment; whereas he will be sure of the sup-
port of all of us who agree with him in principle
whenever thequestion can come up when it is ger-
mane and legitimate. I hope, therefore, he will
withdraw the amendment, and allow the bill to
pass.
Mr. DAWSON. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this bill until to-morrow.
Several Senators. Oh, no!
Mr. DAWSON. I will not insist upon the
motion if the amendment be withdrawn; but we
weie told, when the bill was taken up, that it
would only occupy a few minutes.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If I had supposed there
would be any objection to this amendment, I
should not have consented to the consideration of
the bill because I regard the passage of the bill,
without the amendment, as a defeat of it entirely.
Mr GWJN. 1 hope the Senator from Geor-
gia will withdraw his motion. I think we can
take a vote in a minute.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not desire to go into a
discussion, but to gratify my friends, I withdraw
the motion.
Mr. SLl DELL. I wish to state that if the
amendment be pressed by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, I shall be under the necessity of offering
an amendment for an increase of the salaries of
the officers of the Mint m New Orleans, it has
always been my intention, at the proper time, to
make such a proposition, but while I have no dis-
position to embarrass his amendmentatall, I must
say, the efi'ectofits being piessed at this moment,
will be to open the whole subject.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I can show that at New
Orleans the officers have received more than those
at Philadelphia, and yet the New Orleans Mint is
a mere branch. But, sir, as it seems to be the
general desire of the Senate that I should with-
draw the amendment, 1 will do so. 
The bill was reported to theSenateasamended,
the amendments were concurred in, the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and
was read a third time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is " Shall the bill pa-as?"
Mr. WALKER. I wish to make no other op-
position to the passage of the bill than to record
my vote against it, if the Spnate will grant me the
yeas and nays. I ask for them.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssr*. Adams, Allen, Badsjer, Benjamin,
Brown, Clay, Dou^la*, Evans, Fish, Fitzp-itrick, Foot,
Gillette, Gwm, Humor, Jann-s. Johnson, Mallory, Norris,
I'carco, Rnckuvli, Ru-k, Seward, Shields, Siideil, Thom-
son of New Jersey, Toombs, Toueey, Wade, arid Wil-
liams-—i>U.
.YAYS—Mc?<ri. Atchison, Bnght^Biodhnad, Chase,
D«uv<-or), Dodjre of Iowa, Fes^emlcn, Hamlin, Houston,
Stuart, Simmer, Thompson of Kentucky, arid Walker—i3.
So the bid was passed.
The bill as passed proposes to enact that there
may be coined and issued by the Mint of the
United States, or by such of the branch Mints as
the Secretary of the Tieasury may direct, a gold
coin of the weight of two thousand five hundred
and eighty grams, of the value of one hundred
dollars; and another of the weight of one thousand
Tjlfro hundred and ninety grains, of the value of
fifty dolluis, each of which coins shall be of the
standard fineness now prescribed by law for the
gold coins of the United States. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Treasury to cause the
necessary dies and othei apparatus to beprepaied,
by proper and skillful artists, under the superin-
I tendence of the Director of the Mint at Philadel-
| phia, for coining the above corns, with such de-
i vices, mottoes, and figures as may be approved
I by the President of the United States, the expense
J of which shall be defrayed from the ordinary ap-
' propriations for the expenses of the Mint and
branch Mints of the United States. The coins
provided for are to be a legal tender, and to be
received at their respective values as established
by this bill, in paymentof all dues to the United
I States.
I The bill also proposed to repeal all laws here-
j to fore passed authorizing any foreign gold or sil-
{ ver coins to pass current as money and be receiva-
, ble in payment of debts; and makes it the duty of
I the Director of the Mint to append to his annual
! report of the operations of the Mint a statement
j showing the average weight, fineness, and Mint
value of such foreign coins as are usually imported
into the United States, upon assay in the Mint.
It further authorizes the Director, under such
rules and regulations, and upon such terms and
conditions as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
prescribe, to provide for striking medals for su^h
States, Tenitories, associations, societies, and in-
dividual^, as the rules shall include; and he is to
cause to be struck m bronze a duplicate copy of
every medal so struck at the Mint, and to trans-
mit the same to the Library of Congress, to be
there retained. All expenses incurred on account
of the striking of such medals shall be paid by the
said States, Terri to ties, associations, societies, and
individuals respectively, for which or whom they
may be struck. The President is authorized, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate of
the United States, to appoint an assistant Dhector
of the Mint, at an annual salary of $2,500.
The seventh secfion of the act of January 18,
1837, is proposed to be so amended as to extend
the limit for the annual salary of clerks in the
Mint of the United States to #1,800 each, after
July 1, 1854, at the discretion of the officers au-
thorized by law to appoint, with the approbation
of the President of the United States; and the
second section of the act of July 3, 18f>2, is to be
so amended as to allow the clerks authorized to
be employed therein. $3,000 per annum each, from
and after the 1st of July next. All appointments
of clerks and assistants authorized to be employed
in the offices of the assistant treasurers of the
United States, and in the offices of the Mint and
branches thereof, and in the New York assay-
office, are to be made with the approbation of
the President.
It is further provided that all laws now in force
in relation to the coins of the United States, and
the striking and coining the same, shall, so far as
applicable, have full force and effect in relation to
the coins now authorized, whether those laws are
penal or otherwise; and whether they are for pre-
venting counterfeiting or debasement, for pro-
tecting the currency, for regulating and guarding
the process of striking and coining and the prep-
arations therefor, or for the security of the coin,
or for any other purpose. In adjusting the weights
of the gold coins now authorized, the following de-
viations from the standard weight are not to be ex-
ceeded in any of the single pieces, namely: in the
ten eagle piece and the five eagle piece, one half of
a giain; and m weighing a large number of pieces
together, when delivered from the chief coiner to
the treasurer, and from the treasurer to the depos-
itors, the deviation from the standard weight shall
not exceed seven pennyweights m one thousand
ten eagle pieces, or five pennyweights in one
thousand five eagle pieces.
ABIGAIL STAFFORD.
On the motion of Mr. WALKER, the Senate,
as m Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the joint resolution explanatory of
