708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
never fit yourselves for the walks of military life."
In my judgment, this system was wrong; in its be-
ginning; and if i could I would wipe it out now,
and begin anew; but I will not vote for its increase
or extension.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President 
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senator to yield the
floor that 1 may move to postpone the fuither
consideration of this bill in order that we may
have an Executive session. The Senator from
South Carolina can have the floor to-morrow.
Mr. BUTLER. I will not occupy five minutes.
Mr. MASON. But other gentlemen mayfollow.
Mr. BUTLER. This is quite an important
subject; and may be, perhaps, as well disposed of
now as at any other time.
Mr. CASS. Let us dispose of it now.
Mr. BUTLER. If my friend from Virginia
thinks it proper that we should now have an
Executive session 1 will yield the floor, and allow
him to make the motion. I have but a few words
to say upon the pending question.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope my friend from Vir-
ginia will consent that we may proceed with this
bill to-day. I think the vote ought to be taken
upon it to-day. I do not believe there will be a
long discussion on it. If we postpone it, we shall
have the discussion over again to-morrow.
Mr. MASON. This is one of those measures
which admit of a discursive debate. Many may
desire to participate in the debate, for there seems
to be great contrarieties of opinion in the Senate
as to the propriety and expediency of the pro-
posed changes recommended by the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. CASS. I had a conversation with the Sec-
retary of War upon the subject this morning, and
perhaps what he said may influence the votes of
some gentlemen.
Mr. MASON. The Senator can give it to-mor-
row.
Mr. SHIELDS. I prefer that we should go on
with the bill now. I have received a letter from
the Secretary, and 1 owe it to him, perhaps, to
make an explanation.
Mr. BUTLER. If the debate goes on I can
soon deliver myself of all that I have to say.
Mr. MASON. I move to postpone the ftirther
consideration of this bill until to-morrow, in order
that we may proceed to the consideration of Ex-
ecutive business.
Mr. SHIELDS. I feel it to be my duty to press
the bill to a final vote to-day, and therefore I
shall ask for a division of the motion, if it be per-
sisted in.
Mr. BUTLER. If it be generally agreed that
there is to be no more debating upon the bill, 1
am perfectly willing, although it will not be just to
myself, to take my seat, and allow the honorable
Senator from Michigan to make his statement.
Mr. CASS. 1 only wish to state what I was
told by the Secretary of War this morning.
The motion to postpone was not agieed to;
there being, on a division—ayes 16, noes 18.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I think my
colleague on the Committee on the Judiciary, my
friend from Indiana, contrary to his usual caution
and clearness, has made his argument in conflict
with itself. The predicate of his argument was
that Congress having exclusive jurisdiction over
all war measures, it became Congress to educate
those who were to conduct the operations of war.
1 do not say that he went so far as to assert that
it devolved upon Congress to do so, but hesaid that
as the war power was exclusively vested m Con-
gress, there was a corresponding duty on the part
of Congress in time of peace to prepare for war.
Notwithstanding this, ne afterwards undertook
to say, that with the same propriety with which
we may educate young men at the Military Acad-
emy we could assume jurisdiction over the edu-
cation of Senators and judges, but I do not believe
he said preachers. [Laughter.]
Mr. PETTIT. No, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not think he went so far
as that; but he seemed to suppose that, with the
same propriety, we could assume jurisdiction over
the education of persons for all departments of
Government. But, sir, the Constitution does not
give Congress the right to provide for educating a
Senator, or a judge, or anybody but one who
may be engaged in the military service of the coun-
try. The power to educate these young men at
West Point is clearly referrable to the power to
declare war; and without that authority there
would be no power.
Mr. PETTIT. I hope the Senator did not un-
derstand me as denying the power. 1 expressly
said that there was no-question as to the power.
Mr. BUTLER. But you said that if this power
be exerted in this manner to educate young men
at the Military Academy, why not educate Sena-
tors, members of the House of Representatives,
and judges ? But, sir, that ia apart from the sub-
ject, and I do not care to pursue it.
I may, perhaps, differ from the opinions which
may be entertained by others, when I say that I
think this is the most acceptable and equal mode
of distributing the patronage of the Federal Gov-
ernment of any of which I know, because it does
not attach to the Executive or to the heads of De-
partments merely; but,by usage and practice,itis
so diffused that Representatives and Senators exert
this patronage in such a way as to make it equal
throughout the whole United States. We have a
full Tieasury, abundant means in land and money,
which are appropriated sometimes to steamboats
and other monopolies; to this purpose, and that
purpose. Of all the forms in which public money
can be appropriated I prefer that a portion of it
shall be devoted to the education of young men
who are to command our armies. It is an equal
mode. Whether these young men go into the
Army or not they are always in a condition, when
a war is declared, to assume the position which
honor and the obligations of the Government im-
pose upon them. And, sir, let me say, to the
credit of this class of young men, that when the
war with Mexico was declared there was scarcely
a youngs man who graduated at West Point who
did not immediately come forward and offer his
services to the country; and, what is more remark-
able than anything else, in cases where the selec-
tion of officers depended upon the volunteers, these
young men weie selected.
A mere popular favorite could not command the
votes of men who were to take a share in the bat-
ties of the country; and they almost invnriahly,
when they came to select their officers, selected
those who had been educated at West Point. Sir,
this is a tribute of the citizen to the one who has
been educated to be your soldier. He is your cit-
izen in peace, and he is your intelligent soldier in
war. And when gentlemen say to me that there
is no occasion for this increase, I answer that it
is but expanding the number with a view to meet
what I believe will be required. If I am not very
much mistaken, there will be—and I fear it—an
occasion for this very class of men at no distant
day. However much I may admire the gallant
volunteers, of whom my friend from Illinois was
an ornament—and 1 have every reason, perhaps, to
be proud of the glory of the volunteers—I have
| never conversed with an intelligent man who served
i in the Mexican war who did not say that confi-
dence was inspired whenever West Point intelli-
gence indicated the way to fight; and it was that
mspning and directing influence that contributed
much to the success of our arms in that brilliant
campaign. Sir, the volunteer regiment from my
own State of South Carolina was not without
laurels; but I have never hpard flfri intelligent man
say that it was not committing to blind chance
and gallant bravery troops who might have been
saved under the care and direction of those pos-
sessing a military education.
Sir, I consider this the most acceptable form of
distiibuting this patronage. Jf the members of
the House of Representatives have this power of
appointment, I think that, according to our system
of Government, the Senators ought to have it; and
I, for one, would not shun it. Sir, when I shall
pass through life, and arrive at old age, it will
be gratifying for me to know that the young men
whom I may have selected for this position have
j fulfilled my expectations, and are willing to stand
1 by the country. I am perfectly satisfied to regard
; them as proteges; and if they forfeit my confidence
i let them go; but if they turn out to be clever
• youna: men I should want no better monument,
| no higher tribute, than that I had prepared such
j to perform the duties properly.
j Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I can only repeat
; what I said yesterday, thst there is no gentleman
j here who is more strongly in favor of the Military
| Academy than I am. I have been in official station
j in which I have shown my good will to it, and in
1 darker periods than the present. It has won its
own way to favor. It has conferred upon young
men an education equal to any in the world, and
they have won their way to distinction. But, Mr.
President, the way to preserve that academy is
not to increase, unnecessarily, the number of its
students. There is one consideration connected
with it which obviates many of the difficulties
which have been started. These young men are
not to be a part of the Army, they are a part of
the Army. The moment they enter every one of
them^ becomes a part of the American Army; and
it is just as much in your power to educate them
as it is to drill a corporal, or a sergeant, ora com-
mon soldier. The moment they enter they belong
to the Army. They are liable to go through a
certain course, and then, if they deserve it, to be
graduated and receive commissions; but, in the
mean time, I repeat, they are a portion of the Army,
and their education is a matter which the Govern-
ment may attend to; but in the exercise,of this
power, the education of young men forthe Army,
we should have some regard to the necessities of
the service.
There are certain important considerations
which bear upon this subject. I know that it is
said these young men are 'sent through the coun-
try, and become excellent engineers, and that
their education is vastly important in that view.
This is very true; but it is no reason why you
should, under this power of educating young men
for the Army, increase the number to beeducated,
because they may be thereby fitted to enter into
other employments through the country. No*
sir; you should confine your education to the exi-
gencies of your service; I do not mean rigidly
and mathematically, but within a certain limit of
discretion; and the simple question is, whether
you have reached that point now or not? My
honorable friend from Illinois, m whose judgment
I have great confidence in all these matters, says,
that when the retired list bill shall pass there will
be a considerable number of vacancies to be filled.
Be it so; but wait until that bill passes. When it
passes, it will be time enough to fill the vacancies.
There is another consideration bearing upon the
subject, which is this: that independent of the
} increase provided for by the addition of sixty-two
cadets, you have provided m this very bill—(and
it is a most excellent provision, and I thank the
honorable Senator for it; it will introduce great
ameliorations in the Army)—for commissioning
those sergeants, and corporals, and other non-
commissioned officers, who prove themselves wor-
thy of it. If that provision is honestly and truly
carried out, you will have a considerable accession
to the number of officers from that source, with-
out any addition to the Military Academy.
The question is not whether it is proper that
the Senate should have this patronage. The ques-
tion is above any consideration of that sort; it is
whether this additional number of officers is neces-
sary ? Then, when you decide that they are
wanted, you come to the question of how they
shall be appointed, and I now aver before the Sen-
ate that there has not been one tittle of evidence
shown that the number of young men at the Mil-
itary Academy should be increased. There are
now, as appears by the Army Register on our
tables, fifty-seven supernumerary brevet second
lieutenants. What do you want to do with more?
You provide in this very bill for an almost indefinite
increase of that class of officers by the elevation
of every non-commissioned officer as soon as he
shows himself fit for promotion. What more do
you want?
What reason is given for this increase? What
authority is there for it? Why, it is said that the
Board of Visitors have recommended it. If you
go back, Mr. President, to the annual reports of
the Boards of Visitors from the commencement
of the institution down to this time, I aver {hat
you will find that if all their suggestions had been
carried out you would have had by this time an
institution equal to Cambridge and Oxford united,
in point of expense. They have made a great
many suggestions to which Congress would never
agree. They are made by gentlemen on the spot,
who look only partially to the considerations
connected with the subject, and not to the bearing
of their propositions on public opinion, and recom-
mend what they consider to be useful. It is for
us to judge of their recommendations.
Now, how is this recommendation fortified?
Gentlemen seeoi to suppose that the War Depart-
