1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
700
ment has recommended it. This is not so. There
has not been a word from the War Department in
favor of it. My honorablefrierjdf'rom Illinois has .
read from a report of the Secretary of War in [
respect to the buildings, and he said the number !
of cadets could be increased without increasing i
the buddings, and that is all. { called upon the j
Secretary of War this morning;, for the simple j
reason that I have great confidence in his judg- I
merit on these questions; and there is hardly a I
measure to which I would not agree if he and my |
honorable friend from Illinois together would rec- ■
ommend it. I called to know his ground; and he >
assured me at once that he had made no such rec- I
ommendatkm. lie had never been called upon
for his opinion. The point upon which he had
been called for information he answered distinctly. ;
Pie said the buildings nt the academy wete suffi-
cient for an increased number of cadets; but no
proposition was made to him as to the propriety
of an increased number, and therefore he made no
recommendation, and we have no opinion from him
on that subject.
Then, I a*k again upon what fact is this propo-
sition to increase the numberof cadets one fourth,        
to add sixty-two cadets to the Military Academy, j has been contemplated by an y^man on this floor—
based ? Has any man shown that it is necessary j " ' " " ' "
Secretary of War approved of that report, and
sent it here; and i considered that tantamount to
a recommendation.
Mr. CASS. I desire to say, that my object in
going to the Secretary of War was to ascertain
the grounds for it.
Mr. SHIELDS. Then I will furthersay that I
acted upon that recommendation in certain cases
in the bill. I called upon the Secretary of War
and had a conversation with him in relation to it,
and he assented to its being in the bill. He has
not recommended it in his report, but the biif has
been examined and reexamined by him and by my-
self, and by the other members of the committee.
He has*not positively recommended it in his re-
port or to me, butheassented to its beingin. The
honorable Senator says there is no necessity for
this increase. I stated yesterday what [ believed
to be a necessity. There are many things which
I could have stated that have been hinted at by
the honorable Senator from South Carolina. When
I of the United States. They represent the differ-
j ent sections of the Union—every portion of it.
! They have no interest, under heaven, but to pro-
| mote the public good. They go and examine the
j academy. They ascertain all about it. Jt is
their duty to make recommendations; and I have
j even more confidence in their recommendations
| than I have in those of the Department.
I As for the idea that this patronage ought not to
! be exercised by Senators, who represent sovereign
; States here, I am surprised that Senators should
j put their objection upon that ground. Jt is the
j best distribution that can be made of it, and it is
| in accordance with your institutions. As the law
( stands you have the cadets represented by districts,
j that is by population. Now, we want to have a
: State representation in the same way, by which
^ your small States will have the same chances that
| your large States have.
j Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President 
Mr. CASS. I want to say a word to my hon-
for the good of the servicer I repeat, it is not a
question of patronage; it is not enough to add sixty-
two young men to the Military Academy in order
that Senators may make the appointments. That
will not justify us before the American people.
The first question is, do the necessities of the ser-
vice require this increased number? As I said
yesterday, the true way to support the Military
Academy, and not to break it down, is to keep it
within the rigid rules of economy so far as possi-
ble, and not let the people say that sixty-two
young men have been added merely in order that
Senators may have the nomination of them. No
institution can outlive such a proposition. I re- j
peat, there is no member on this floor more anxious
than I am to preserve this academy for the inter- j
ests of the service. !
I do not know the exact number of our officers ;
in the Army, but we now pour into it on an aver- ;
age sixty every year from the Military Academy;
and 1 think that number is sufficient to meet all '
the wants of the service. 1 am willing that that I
shall be continued, though I find, by the Army j
Register, that on the first of January last there I
were fifty-seven supernumerary brevet second lieu- '
tenants. Why should we increase their number ,
so largely ? i think my honorable friend from
Illinois had better drop this provision for the i
present, and allow the bill to pass without it. !
The bill contains most excellent provisions. I
think it is one of the best bills which has ever
been introduced into the Senate, and 1 shall vote ,
wnli great pleasure for every portion of it, except
the last section which the Senator from Indiana .
Ju\s proposed to strike out. Irs passage will ele-
vate ihe rank and file of the Army. It will elevate
the non-commissioned officers and will furnish
them with stimuli for exertion. It will have a
great moral effect. It very properly increases
their pay, and will do good in this particular. !
It makes one excellent provision, that when on j
furlough, and not m the line of duty, the officers
shall receive no additional pay. I suppose that .
that provision will keep many an officer at his
post who is now from it. 1 think, on the whole, ;
it is the best bill that has ever been introduced for ,
the Army since I have been in the Senate, and I ,
thank the honorable Senator from Illinois for it.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to ask the Senator
from Michigan a question. He seems to have
had an interview with the Secretary of War on
this subject. I desire to ask htm if the Secretary
expressed the opinion that this was unnecessary?
I, like my honorable friend from Michigan, have
great confidence in the opinions of the Secretary,
and on any subject which has passed under his in-
vestigation, as this clearly lias, I should be pleased
to know his opinions,
Mr. CASS. 1 stated to him that I should vote
against the proposition, unless I couhl be assured
that the necessity of the service required it. I do
not know that he authorized me to say that; but
as far as I have £one [ had his full authority.
Mr. SHIELDS. Yesterday I was asked
whether this was recommended by the Secretary
of War. I stated that it was recommended by
the Visitors to the West Point Academy, and the
■ . ,   | | A vw M l W l||J( IIVIJ*
the proper time corneal will show, or I will at- j; orable friend from -Illinois, and it is this: Never
j tempt to show, that not only ought we to increase jj to suspect one of his colleagues on this floor be-
j the number of our officers, but we ought to in- \\ cause he differs from him. There is no ground
| crease our Army and our Navy much further than I. for his suspicion in this case. I will repeat what
I have said: Never suspect one of your fellow
not, sir, for war, for I have seen enough of war i| members here because he differs from you in
never to wish to see another, but to keep out of \\ opinion
war—to preserve neutrality, a dignified neutral-i " '
ity, a neutrality that the world will respect; and j
in the present condition of the world does any I
man suppose that this nation can do that unless )
it presents itself in an attitude to command the
respect of the world? You see the whole world
arming—arming m such a way as it never armed
before; you see combinations such as you have ;
not seen in the history of countries or of times. ;
Sir, we shall be peculiarly fortunate, providen- ;
tiaily fortunate, if, by a little timely, salutary, wise 1
preparation we can place ourselves m a condition 1
that we will not be thrown into this vortex and '
made a party to this fearful contest that is about ■
to shake the civilized world. Yet you talk about
the expense of sixty-two additional cadets, and
adding them to the Army; and, sir, I have to beg
and supplicate heie to be heard when I speak of
that poorhttle starving Army that is broken down.
Why? It has no political influence. It is away
on the frontier, performing services and enduring
sacrifices that no other army of the same number
on the face of the globe is enduring and perform-
ing at this time.
A bill has passed this body, and gone to the
other House—and will pass there, unless, as is
always the case here, we consume the session in
abstractions, instead of practical subjects—to rid
the Army of a numberof superannuated, broken-
down officers—not to turn them out, not to cast
them adrift, but to provide for them. I stated, aod
could prove it if I had time, that these sixty-two
additional cadets every five years, for it will not
amount to more than that, will not increase the
number of officers more than is sufficient to officer
the Army according to the maximum,legal stand-
ard of that Army now. But when the proper time
comes—and there is a. bill on the Calendar pro-
viding for raisy^ig three additional regiments of
men; and I mean to take that up at an early day,
if I can—I shall desire to be heard upon these
points.
My honorable friend [Mr. Butler] has made
a suggestion to me. I am very much gratified to
find that the Senator from Michigan is in favor
of the bill, for I confers 1 was beginning to sus-
pect his sincerity in relation to the Army—lam
delighted to withdraw that suspicion—for I had
always found him the fust to rise here and say,
well, you are contemplating some change that no-
body understands; yet the bills have been lying ;
here the whole session. But I thank him for the
kind manner in which he has complimented the 1
committee for this bill, and aiso the Department, ;
because I am delighted to have it in my power to j
improve the condition of the Army, while we i
have a man at the head of that Depaitment in ■
whom I have the most entire confidence. !
The honorable Senator from Michigan says, that
if we had adopted every recommendation of the
Board of Visitors there is no telling what they
would have made of this institution. I beg the
honorable Senator's pardon. 1 have read a good
many of them. I think them exceedingly wise
I will tell you why. Th
spect unlike the Secretary-
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not.
Mr. CASS. Why suspect me? I never gave
a vote against the Army in my life. You cannot
find one; not one.
Mr. SHIELDS. lexpressed my pleasure that
the Senator was in favor of the bill.
Mr. CASS. The Senator will excuse me. Being
an "Old Fogy," I am a little irritable at times.
[Laughter.] it is the way with us old folks.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, when
this amendment was offered yesterday by the
Senator from Indiana, I announced my intention
to vote for it. I have listened to the discussion
which has ensued upon the subject, and it has
only served to strengthen my convictions that the
amendment is right, and that the section increas-
ing the number of cadets to correspond with the
number of Senators, ought to be stricken from the
bill. Sir, in all that the Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Clayton] said eulogistic of the Secretary
of War, I fully and cordially concur. I think both
from education, practical experience, and admin-
istrative talent, that there has perhaps n*.ver been
at the head of the War Department an officer
who was better qualified to discharge its import-
ant duties than is the present Secretary. Butnot-
withstanding my entire confidence in him, and
respect for his recommendations, I must, whenever
a proposition of this character comes up, be al-
lowed to judge of its expediency and proniiety for
myself. I am pleased to concur with my friends
of the Department and of the military committee
when I think they are right—not otherwise; and
I always retain the privilege of thinking for my-
self, whatever may be the question upon which I
am called to act.
1 announced yesterday in my off-hand way, that
I thought Senators had quite as much to do with
appointments as they ought to have, and that the
fact, that it was proposed to give us the nomina-
tion of cadets, was its smallest recommendation to
me. I stated incidentally, that we were a part of
the appointing power, that when cadets were pro-
moted to second lieutenantcies, we were called on, in
the discharge of our constitutional duties, to ad-
vise and consent to their appointments, and that I
thought was as much as we ought to have to do
with them. But, sir, [ now humbly submit to the
Senate, that the spectacle which we present, is
not what in all respects I think it should be. If
the exigencies of the public service call for a
measure of this character, to avoid the imputation
of selfishness, which I do not charge upon any
one, it should have originated with the people's
representatives. The fact that the section confers
upon Senators the direct appointment of sixfy-
; two persons, who are thus made officers of the
Army, does not look weli to me. It has the ap-.
pearance of a desire to grasp power. Such was
my impression as soon as 1 heard it read*, and
everything which has since b?en said- in debate
has only served to strengthen that conviction. I
repeat, the proposition should have come from the
   i : immediate representatives of the people, those p*o-
visitois in" that re- !- pie who are to pay the taxes that^v/iil t>e requisite
come from every part j| to pay tne consequent expense of tnis large addi-
