1420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
Mr. BAYARD. I make the motion, and ask I
for a vote upon it,
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and being taken resulted—
yeas 22, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison. Badger, Bayard, Benjamin,
Brodhea-i, Clay,Dawson,Evans, Fish, Fool, Geyer, Ham-
lin, Johnson, Norns, Penrce, Ru^k, Sebastian, ShdHI,
Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Toucey, and Wade—22.
NAYS—Mes?is. Adatn«, Brown. Cha^e, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Fessenden, Fitzpairick,
Gillette, Houston, Mailory, Rockwell, Seward, Shield*,
Stuart, Sumner, Walker, and Williams—18.
So the motion was agreed to.
BENJAMIN ROWS.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the House biil for the
relief of Benjamin Rowe.
This bill was at first reported on adversely by
the Senate Committee on Pensions, for these
reasons: Howe, in his petition, alleged that he en-
listed in the twenry-first regiment, United States
infantry on the 10th March, 1812—'13, and con-
tinued in the service until he was honorably dis-
charged at Fort Erie, on the I2th of October,
1814; that he was taken prisoner, with his com-
pany, by the British, while on the march to Sack-
ett's Harbor, and transported toQ,uebec, a prisoner
of war; that in consequence of his haidships while
a prisoner his health was broken, and he was put
ashore from the prison-ship by order of the Brit-
ish surgeon; that he is now totally disabled (by
ill health, resulting from his treatment while a
prisoner) from procuring a support, and he theie-
fore prays a pension„ This petition was first, pre-
sented to Congress in 1842, and had been several
times reported against for want of sufficient evi-
dence. Among the papers accompanying the bill,
the committee could not find any evidence of an
official or record character to prove his enlistment,
Bervice, or discharge, as a soldier of. the United
States, neither was the absence of such proof
accounted for, or «ny indication shown in the
papers that the case had ever been referred to the
proper office for investigation. In the opinion of
the committee, the alleged facts of enlistment and
discharge could, if tiue, be proved by the rolls of
the war office; and if not, some reason could be
shown why it was necessary to resort to the fugi-
tive certificates (not one of them properly authen-
ticated) which accompany the petition.
The bill was subsequently recommitted with
additional papers, among which the committee
found the proof before wanting amply supplied
in a copy of the discharge of Rowe, properly cer-
tified by Hon. F. Burt, Third Auditor of the
Treasury; in which the facts of his enlistment,
captivity, &c., are fully and satisfactorily stated.
With this addition to the evidence, they- wpre
satisfied to concur in the views of the committee
of the House, and recommended the bill pass.
The bill proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Interior to place the name of Benjamin Rowe on
the pension roll, at the rate of eight dollars per '
month, to commence January 1, 1854, and to con-
tinue during his natural life.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole, reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, ordered to a third reading, read a third time,
and passed.
BRIG GENERAL ARMSTRONG.
Mr. SLIPELL. f ask the Senate now to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill for the relief
of the claimants of the private armed brig General
Armstrong.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objection
being made, the bill is under consideration, as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WALKER. When it was proposed to
call up that bill before, some one said that it
would lead to a lengthy discussion.
Mr. SL1DELL. If that be the case, it is a
stronger reason for taking it up now.
Mr. WALKER. I merely made the sugges-
tion because it is late in the day.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then I should prefer to have it
first on the Calendar next Friday. 1 have no sort
of objection, if that course should be preferred £>y
the Senate, to have this bill continued until next
Friday, if, by general consent, it be considered as
first for discussion on that day.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator from Louisiana 1
will allow mo to suggest, that if I now move an
adjournment the bill will come up as theunfinished
business on next Friday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thebillisnow
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BADGER. We cannot get through with
it to-day, and I therefore move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 16, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
REPORTS FROM STANDIJSG COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER. The.business first in order
is the consideration of a bill of the following title:
A bill further to amend the act entitled " An act
to reduce and modify the rates of postage in the
United States, and for other purposes," passed
March 3, 1851; and the act amendatory thereto*
passed March 30, 1852.
The call for the previous question was seconded.
A motion was made that the bill and amend-
ments be laid upon the table.
Mr. SKELTON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew the motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to report from the
Committee of Ways and Means " a bill reducing
the duties on imports, and for other purposes,"
that it, may be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. W A SIIBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. KERK. Mr. Speaker, when reports were
called for last Saturday I was absent, and 1 now
ask the unanimous consent of the House for
leave to report a private bill from the Committee
on the Judiciary, that it may be referred to aCom-
mittee of the Whole.
There was no objection, and
Mr. KERR, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported back, with a recommendation that
it do pass, a bill of the following title; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed :
Senate bill (No. 146) for the relief of Samuel
H Hempstead.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana, from the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, by unani-
mous consent, reported back Senate bill No. 300,
being "An act for the relief of Thomas Rhodes,"
with a recommendation that it do pass; which
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
POSTAGE BILL.
The House then proceeded to consider the
postage bill.
Mr. HAVEN. Will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Olds] yield me the floor & moment?
Mr. OLDS. I will, if u does not come out of
my time.
Mr. HAVEN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to submit tin amendment to the bill,
otherwise I cannot do so, as the previous question
has been called and seconded on the bill «nd amend-
ments. lu whatever I may have said in reference
to this matter, I have been governed by a sense of
the propriety of this legislation. I desire to move
to strike out the first four sections of the substi-
tute—that part relating to the franking privilege.
The residue, as 1 lead it since my remarks made
yesterdny, will then be acceptable to me. j
Mr. OLDS. I have no objection to the enter- i
tainmentof the gentleman's proposition. j
There was no objection, and the amendment was \
submitted to be acted on in its order. i
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would at-'k unanimous I
consent to move an amendment to those sections j
before the vote is taken on striking them out. I !
desire the first section carried out, and the frank- i
ing privilege abolished.
Mr, OLDS. If this comes out of my time, I
object.
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. OLDS. Then the gentleman must excuse
me for not vieldmg further.
Mr. Speaker, I never felt in all my life the same
necessity for being able to make a good argument
as I do at this time, and on the bill under consid-
eration; for I think it is an important measure,
demanded alike by the necessities of the Post Office
Department and the exigencies of the mail service
of the counti y. I am aware that the bill may not
be perfect in all its parts. It may not be such a bill
as will meet the wishes of every gentleman upon
the floor. It is a difficult matter for a committee
to frame a bill so perfect that gentlemen shall raise
no objection to it. I was a little surprised, how-
ever, on yesterday, and, I must confess, a little
mortified, to hear the learned gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandler,] when the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Smith] introduced
the proposition to abolish the Post Office Depart-
ment, say that he expected the tinkering of the
postages by the Post Office Committee would lead
to such a result.
What does the gentleman mean by tinkering
with the postages of the country? The tinkering
of the system commenced under Benjamin Frank-
lin. It has continued to be tinkered with by just
such men, from his day until the present time. It
has been tinkered with, sometimes for good, and
sometimes for evil, until it has become the com-
mendation and the piaise (as I shall show here-
after) of the most enlightened Government in the
world. It has been tinkered with until it has
become so perfect that it may he considered the
boast and the pride of the nation. Still, I am
free to admit that it has its defects, some of which
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
seek to remedy by the bill under consideration.
Under the law of 1845, m which you fixed your
rates of postage at five and ten cents, you had a
good postage system. And you were enabled to
give such mail facilities as the country demanded.
During the six years continuance of those rates
of postage, you accumulated a surplus of more
than $2,(100.000.
In 1851 the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Ciiandllr] and myself, for I plead guilty to the
charge, voted for a reduction of postages; that
tinkering has made the Post Office Department
insolvent at this day. It was the tinkering at that
time that has led to all the tinkering which has
taken place since; and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Chandler] must plead guilty to
the charge of having tinkered the Department into
insolvency. Under the five and ten cent postage
system you accumulated a surplus of more than
$2,000,000. The moment you reduced your post-
ages from five and ten cents to three and five cents,
you brought your Post Office Department in
debt. The estimated deficiency for this year was
$1,800,000. The actual deficiency will be over
$2,000,000. The estimated deficiency for the next
fiscal year is over $2,400,000. It is reasonable
to suppose, judging the future by the past, that
the actual deficiency will be more than $2,500,000.
This deficiency does not include, or only in part,
the expenses of your ocean mail steamers. This
does not include the sum of more than $800,000
that you pay the Liverpool steamers; nor does
this sum include the amount of nearly $81)0,000
which you pay the San Francisco line of steam-
ers. If you add the appropriations required for
these two lines, it will make a deficiency in the
revenues of the Post Office Depaitment. for the
next fiscal year of more than $4,000,000. The
deficiency in the revenues of the Post Office De-
partment, at the present rates of postage, is in-
creasing at the rate of more than $500,000 a year
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chand-
ler] rightly apprehends the condition of the Post
Office Department, as the following extract, which
1 read from his speech, will show:
" The cause of the deficiency, <=ir, is patent. We have
agreed to pay, and have, paid, more money for conducting
tin.* Department And conveying the mail* than we have re-
ceired tor doinsr the vvoik foi tho^e who employ us. This
is the oulmary cause for insolvency."
The gentleman from Pennsylvania acknowl-
edges the fact that the Post Office Department is
insolvent* and this House will acknowledge, when
they are called upon to appropriate two and a
half millions of dollars to relieve the Post Office
Department for the next fiscal year, that it is
badly insolvent. Insolvent, sir, not through the
bad management of the Postmaster General, but
by the legislation of Congress.
Now, then, Mr. Speaker, is it not the duty of
Congress to repair its legislation, and save this
Department from insolvency? Was it not the
duty of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
