2280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
From Nuff's Mills, West Barre,in Huntington
county, to Pine Grove Mills, in Centre county.
Prom Oil Creek, by Holland, to Perry.
From Orbisonia, by Scottsville, New Grenada,
and Speusville, to Ray's Hill.
From Owigsburg, by McKeansburg, Kepneo,
West Penn, and New Mahoning, to Lehightown.
From Oxford, by Mount Vernon, Colerain,
Puseyville, and Mechanics' Grove, to Chestnut
Level.
From Otisville, New York, by Finchville, Port
Jervis, Matamoras, Pennsylvania, Milford, Dar-
lingsville, Tafton, Honesdale, Prompton, Way-
mart, Carbondale, Dundaff, Lenox, Brookhn,
Montrose, Forest Lake, Friendsville, Warren-
ham, and South Owego, New York, to Owego.
From P.irkesburg, by Ercildon, McWilhams-
town, Mortonville, and Marshalton, to West-
chester.
From Pealer's, by Stillwater, Benton, Cole's
Creek, Central, and Davidson, to Laporte.
From Penningtonville, by Wakefield, to Peter's
Creek.
From Perrine, by Sandy Lake and New Ver-
non, to Deer Creek.
From Perry, by Stewart's Run, to Tionesta.
From Peter's Creek to Peach Bottom.
From Philadelphia, by Milestown, Jenkinton,
Abington, Willow Grove, Hatboro,' Hartsville,
Ridge Valley, Doylestown, Buckington, Lahaska,
and New Hope, to Lambertsville, New Jersey.
From Philadelphia, by Kingsessing, Darby,
Kellyaville, Oakdale, Media, Lima, Ivy Mills,
Concordville, and Chadd's Ford, lo Harriorton.
From Philadelphia, by Rising Sun, German-
town, Chestnut Hill, White Marsh, Upper Dub-
lin, Spring House, Montgomeryville, Line, Lex-
ington, Seller's Tavern, Bunker tlil I, Q,unkertovvn,
Coopersburg, Centre Valley, and Faneon Valley,
to Allentown.
From Philadelphia, by General Wayne, Cab-
inet, West Haverford, Radner, Spead Eagle, Pn-
oli, Frazer, West Whiteland, Dowmngton, Cain,
Coatesville, Parkersburg, Sadsburyville, Penning-
tonville, Christiana Gap, Kinzer. B llmonte, Para-
dise, Gordonsville, Enterprise, Lancaster, and
Mountville, to Columbia.
From Philadelphia, by Conshohocken, Norris-
town, Bridgeport, Port Kennedy, Valley Forge,
Phccnixville, Royer's Ford, Limerick Bridge,
Pottstown, Dou la.,ville, B.tumstown, Bridgboro',
Reading, Tuckerlon, Mohrsville, Leesport, Ham-
burg, Port Clinton, Auburn, Orwigsburg, and
Schuylkill Haven, to Pottsville.
From Philadelphia, by Rising Sun, Milestown,
Jenkihtown, Abington, WillowGrove, Horsham,
Warrington, Doylestown, Danborough, Plum-
steadville, Pipersville. Ottsville, Bucksville, Kent-
ner.sville, Durham, Reiglesville, and Uhlersville,
to Easton.
From Philadelphia, by Feltonvilie, Fox Chase,
Huntingdon Valley, Sorrel Horse, Dnvisville,
Richboro', Newton, and Dolington, to Taylors-
ville.
From Philadelphia, by Kensington, Frankford,
Orlando, and Bustleton, to Somerton.
From Philadelphia, by Falls of Schuylkill,
Manayunk, Leverington, Andover, Barren Hill,
and Plymouth Meeting-, to Norristown.
From Philadelphia, by West Philadelphia,
Upper Darby, Haverford, Newton Square, Edge-
mont, Willmmstown Inn, and Milltown, to West
Chester.
From Philadelphia, by Rising Sun, to German-
town.
From Philadelphia to Spring Garden.
From Phcenixville, by Kimberton, Chester
Springs, West Vincent, Marsh, Morgantown,
Churchtown, Goodville, Blue Ball, New Holland,
Bareville, Leacock, and Eden Village, to Lan-
caster.
From Phcenixville, by Setzler's Store, Potts-
town, Brower, Mount Airy, and Robeson, to
Reading.
From Pike Mills, by Pike Valley, Mixtown,
Hector, and Sabinsville, to Westfield.
From Pine Grove to Tremont.
From Pine Grove, by Lower Mahantongo,
Gratz, Berrysburg, and Elizabethtown, to Mil-
lersburg.
From Piquea to New Holland.
From Piquea, by Cain's, to Gap.
From Pittston Ferry, by Ransom Falls and La
Grange, to Tunkhannock.
From Pittsburg, over the line of the plank road
by Alleghany, Perrysville, Wexford, Zelienople,
Harmony, Whitestown, Prospect, Centreville,
Harrisville, and Wesley, to Franklin.
From Pittsburg, by Surgeon's Hall, Gill Hall,
Library, Fmleysville, Monongahela City, and
Bentlyville, to Beallsville.
From Pittsburg, by Temperanceville, Reming-
ton, Fayette, Shirland, North Star, Bavington,
Florence, Paris, and Holliday's Cove, Virginia,
to Steubenviile, Ohio.
From Pittsburg, by Buchanan, Streets Run, [
Coal Valley, McKeesport, West Elizabeth, Eliz- j
abeth, Monongahela City, Gambles, Webster, j
Beevernon, Cookstown, Pike Run, Brownsville, j
Red Stone, Perryopolis, Flatwoods. East Liberty, j
and Upper Middletown, to Uniontown.
From Pittsburg, by Walker's Mills, Nobles-|
town, Mungo Park, Candor, Burgettstown, Cross
Creek Village, Patterson's Mills, and Independ-
ence, to Bethany, Virginia.
From Pittsburg, by Rural Ridge, Culmenville,
Etna, Dorseyville, Porter's Store, Carnahans,
Norris, and Riddle's Roads, to Saxonburg.
From Pittsburg, by Perryville, Wexford, Ze-
lienople, Middle Lancaster, Portersville, Harlens-
burg, and Leesburg, to Mercer.
From Pittsburg, by Sharpsburg, Houston,
Harmarville, Tarenton, Freeport.and Slate Lick,
to Kittaimng.
From Pittsburg, by Montours,Moon,Clinton,
Murdocksville, and Frankfort Springs, to Fair-
view, Virginia.
From Pittsburg, by White Ark, Antrim, North
Washington, Apullo, Spring Church, Olivet, West
Lebanon, and South Bend, to Shelocta.
From Pittsburg, by Perrysville, Wexford, Ogle,
Breakneck, Whitestown, and Prospect, toIJiown-
ington.
From Pittsburg, by Alleghany, West Manches-
ter, Sewickleyvilte, Sewickly Bottom, Economy,
and Fieedom, to Rochester.
From Pittsburg, by Logan's Ferry, Puebla,
and Sherer's Cross Roads, to Leechburg.
From Pittsburg, by Herriotsville and Cannons-
burg, to Washington.
From Pittsburg, byAlleghany,Duquesne, Etna,
Bakerstown, Glade Mills, Butler, Hibernia,
Brownirigton, Slippery Rock, North Ltberty,
{ London,"Mercer, Harthegis, Sheakleyville, Cus-
| tards, Meadville, Woodcock, Rockdale, Water-
I ford, and Hull's Station, to Erie.
' From Plain Grove, by Centreville, Borard's
| Mills, and Anandale, to North Washington.
I From Plymouth Meeting, by Blue Bell, Gwyn-
I ned, Montgomeryville, Pieasantville, and Wlute-
i hallville, to Doylestown.
From Port Clinton, by Tamaqua, Hazleton,
and East Sugar Loaf, to Wilkesbarre.
i From Port Clinton, by Drehersville, Focht's
■ Forge, to Tamaqua.
! From Point Jervis, New York, by Matamoras,
! Pennsylvania, to Milford.
From Pottstown, by New Hanover and Fred-
| erick, to Sumneytown.
[ From Pottsville, by Broad Mountain, Fountain
I Spring, Mount Carmel, Bear Gap, Paxinos, and
| Sunbury, to Northumbeiland.
I From Pottsville to Port Carbon.
i From Pottsville, by Minersville, Llewellyn,
!; Branch Dale, Swatara, and Tremont, to Donald-
i' son.
!j From Pottsville, by Port Carbon, Silver Creek,
II Middleport, Tuscarora, Tamaqua, and Summit
Hill, to Mauch Chunk.
1; From Providence, by Clark's Green, Waver-
!; ley, Factory ville, Nicholson's, and Lathrop, to
1 Montrose.
From Ransom, by Milwaukie and Ball Mount,
! to Clark's Green, in Luzerne county.
1 From Reading, by Oley, Lobacksville, Pike
Township, Manatawny, Dale, and Hillegas, to
;i Sumneytown.
|| From Reading, by Sinking Spring, Werners-
| ville Furnace, Womelsdorf, Stouchburg, Myers-
town, Lebanon, Annville, Palmyra, arid Hura-
melstown, to Harrisburg.
;S From Reading, by Lower Bern, Bernville, Tul-
i' pehoccan, Rehrersburg, Bethel, and Cross Kill
I Mills, to Jamestown.
,! From Reading, by Tuckerton, Maiden Creek,
|i Moltown, Virginsville.and Klimesville, to Feath-
jl erolpsville.
i From Reading, by Stonereville, Brumfield ville,
Earlville, Greshville, Boyerstown, Becktelsville,
Colebrookdale, Dale, andSeisholtzville, to Here-
ford.
From Reading, by Beckersville, Joanna Fur-
nace, Morgantown, Loag, Wallace, Uwchland,
Lionville, and West Whiteland, to West Ches-
ter. ■
From Reading to Geiger's Mills.
From Reamslown, by Schoeneck, Reinholds-
ville, and Cocalico, to Shaefferstown.
From Reamstown, by Terre Hill, to Church-
town.
From Reedsville, by Iiishacoquillas Valley, to
Lock's Mill.
From Reedsville, by Kishacoquillas, Bellville,
and Allensville, to Mill Creek.
From Reiglesville, by Upper Black Eddy,
Erwinna, Point Pleasant, Lumberville, Centre
Bridge, Lambertsville, New Hope, Brownsburg,
'faylorsville, and Yardleyville, to Trenton, New
Jersey.
From Rehreisburg, by Wollebertstown and
Mount Zion, to Lebanon.
From Rehrersburg to Womelsdorf, by Snaff-
nie's store.
From Rochester, by Beaver, Fallstown, Brigh-
ton, and Irish Ripple, to New Castle.
From Rome, by North Orwell, West Wind-
ham, Nicholas, New York, and Canfseld Cor-
ners, to Smithboro'.
From Rome, by North Rome, to Sheshequin.
From Rosevxlle, by Chandlersville, to Mains-
burg.
From Roulette to Ceres.
From Rutland, by Elk Run, to Mainsburg.
From Russelburg, by Beach Woods, to Sugar
Grove.
From Salem Cross Roads, by Poke Run, North
Washington, Crawford Mills, Shearer's Cross
Roads, Leechburg, IVeeport, Saroersville, and
Saxenburg, to Butler.
From Safe Harbor, by Conestoga, Martickville,
Mount Nebro, and Rawlinsville, to Buck.
From Safe Harbor to Martic Forge.
From Sagerstown, by Cassawago and Cross-
ingville, to Elk Creek.
From Sagerstown, by Cassawago and RundelPs,
to Conneautville.
From Schuylkill Haven, by Minersville, to
Fremont.
From Schwenck's Store, by Frederick, Doug-
lass, Colebrookdale, Clayton, and Shimersville,
to Emaus.
From Scottsville, by Little Meehoopany Centre,
Loveton,and Wolf Creek, to Dushore.
From Scranton, Dunmore, Dalesville, Cliffton,
Naglesville, Stanhope, Tannersville, and Bartons-
ville, to Stroudsburg.
From Selin's Grove, by Kratzersville, New
Berlin, and Barber's Mills, to Mifflinburg.
From Selin's Grove, by Turtlersville, Chestnut
Ridge, Winfield, Lewisburg, New Columbia,
White Deer Mills, and Road Hall, to Williams-
port.
From Shaver's Creek, by Cottage, West Barre,
Manor Hill, East Barre, Ennisviile, McAleoy's
Fort, and Greenwood Furnace, to Belleville.
From Sharon Centre, by East Sharon, West
Shongo, New York, Shongo, and Willing, to
Wellsville.
I From Shade Gap, by Bolingerstown and Peru
Mills, to McCulloch's Mills.
From Sheshequin, by Ulster, to Hornbrook.
From Shippensburg, by Orrstown, Pleasant
Hall, Upper Strasburg, Roxbury, and Newburg,
to Shippensburg.
From Shippensville.by Jefferson Furnace, La-
martme, Agnew's Mills, Emlenton, and North
Hope, to Butler.
From Shippensville, by Lucinda Furnace and
Tryburg, to Tylersburg.
From Shrewsbury, by Stewartstown, Straw-
' bridge, Fawn Grove, and Slate Ridge, to Bryans-
| ville.
j From Shunk, by Eldredville and Campbells-
I ville, to Sugar Run.
From Skippack, by Harleyville, Franconia,
and Tylersville, to Charleston.
From Slate Lick, by Worthington, to Cawans-
ville.
From Smithfield, by New Geneva, Greens-
boro', Mapletown, and Willowtree, to Mount
Morris.
From Smithport, by Farmer's Valley, Sartwell,
