712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
tions which have been raised to $2 50 per acre, at*
$1 25,1 concede the position claimed by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, that it will be true that
the Government will be making a donation with-
out receiving a corresponding advantage.
Sir, I say that the principles of this bill are
directly in conflict with the principles upon which
all these grants of alternate sections to railroads
have been made. And I think that the gentlemen
upon this floor who are in favor of that principle,
ought not to set an example now of withdrawing
from the Government that very land at a reduced
price, in opposition to the consideration inducing
thegrants. I know that they think there is some
danger of their bill failing.
It may be that the bills which have been reported
will fail; but that some just and liberal policy
towards the new States will be adopted by this
House and this Congress I have not the slightest
doubt. 1 trust that gentlemen will not, by their
votes at least, place those of us in the old States,
who have heretofore supported their grants, in a
position where the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] and others, who have opposed these
grants, desire we shall be placed, and that is, that
we make them without a corresponding benefit to
the Government.
I therefore hope, Mr. Speaker, that the motion
which I have made to reconsider the vote will pre-
vail; and when we shall get back to that point
where the bill shall be open to amendment, I will
move to amend by providing that those persons
who secure their preemptions within the sixlniles
shall pay the minimum price at which the lands
have been fixed, to wit, $>2 50 per acre.
Mr- JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, this
is a Senate bill, and a very short and, I think,
simple one in its provisions. It provides that
every settler on public land which has been, or may
be withdrawn from market in consequence of pro-
posed railroads, and who had settled thereon prior ]
to such withdrawal, shall be entitled to preemp- ,
tion, at the ordinary minimum price, to the lands j
settled and cultivated by them; provided that they :
shall prove up their rights according to such rules j
and regulations as may be prescribed by the Sec- j
retary of the Interior, and pay for the same before :
the day that may be fixed by the President's proc- j
Jamation for the restoration of said lands to mar-
ket. |
The bill only provides for those settlers who j
may have made their location on the public land j
prior to its withdrawal from market, under any i
railroad, or proposed radroad ^rant. It does not
secure to an individual within the broad extent of:
this country, any of the rights of preemption, who !
shall have gone upon the land after Congress shall j
have passed a law grunting alternate sections to ,
the States in which they he, for railroad purposes, j
The man must be there before the lands are with- '
drawn from sale; and not only that, but he must j
prove up his right under the provisions of the j
bill, his right to preemption under such rules and
regulations as the Secretary of the Interior shall !
prescribe, and shall, in addition thereto, pay the :
money for the same prior to the returp of the j
lands into the market, under the proclamation of
the President of the United States.
Mr. Speaker, I would now ask what injustice
there is to the States and the companies which shall
be the beneficiaries of acts of Congress5 Are
the private rights of individuals—are the rights of
settlers to be disregarded, overridden, destroyed ?
Are they, to use a favorite expression now m
vogue, to be crushed out for the benefit of corpo-
rations ? Will not the settler upon the lands make
as good a citizen as if he should come in there
afterwards and pay $2 50 an acre for his land ?
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will state the provisions of the preemption
Jaws now, and then he will see whether these men
who have settled on the public lands are entitled
to this kind consideration he speaks of. If they
had complied with the provisions of those laws,
they would not have been here asking that this
bill should be passed. It is their own fault.
Mr. JONES. They may not, when they have
gone upon the land in the first instance, have filed
their declarations, or complied strictly with the
preemption law., and the requirements of that Jaw,
but they have a right at any time while upon that
land to comply with those requirements*, and then
its benefits result to them, if one of these men
is now upon this land, and has not complied with
those regulations, you, sir, Jiving where you do,
can go and enter his domicile and turn him out.
If I understand the law, he is not protected under
it until he does comply with its provisions. 1 can-
not, for one, by rny vote, deprive these men of their
benefits under that law, in order to benefit a com-
pany.
The gentleman from South Carolina does me
but justice when he says that 1 am opposed to
these railroad grants. It is true; but Congress
has passed some of them, and I fear will pass
others. He also does me but justice when he
says that the bills will be more acceptable to me if
you will retain the alternate sections at $1 25 per
acre.
I am as well satisfied as I am of any one thing
in this world, that our wild lands in the new coun-
try are not worth one cent a thousand acres until
labor is applied to them, until they are brought
into cultivation and made productive, and yield to
the necessities, wants, and comforts of the human
family. Sir, I ask you, and this House, and the
country, of what value will your railroads be
without farmers—without cultivators? You say
that your railroads are to give value to these lands.
The cultivation of those lands will give ten—yea,
one hundred fold more value to them than all the
railroads you can make through them; for your
railroads will be worse than useless if the lands
are not made pxoductive by cultivation, by labor,
by settlers.
Then, sir, 1 repeat, that he who goes into the
wilderness with his little family, with but little,
if any, of the goods of this world to take with
him; who goes into the wilds of your new coun-
try and settles your lands; he who is the pioneer,
if you charge him not one cent for the hind,
pays a dearer price in the wear and tear of his
constitution, and in the hardships and toil that he
is subjected to, incident to the settlement of the
country, than the man who comes thnty or forty
years after hint, when they are blessed with all
the means of civilization, with school-houses and
churches, with society and all its blessings, and
who pays forty,fifty, and a hundred dollars per
acre. I, for one, if there is no other upon this
floor, will continue to advocate by my voice and
by my vote the rights of the settlers on the public
lands. 1 hope that the motion to reconsider will
be laid upon the table.
Mr. STRACTB. Will the gentleman from Ten-
nessee allow me to ask him one question ? If 1
understand this bill, it will have a prospective as
well as letrospective effect. Is that so?
Mr. JONES. According to my understanding
of the bill, if a man goes out and settles upon public
lands subject to private entry, and ten years hence
you pass a railroad grant, he will have a right
to perfect his preemption under it, if he does it
before the lands are withdrawn from market.
Mr. STItAUB. It is precisely in the shape as
1 understand it. E*ery railroad that is proposed
to be built by a little management can become the
possessor of every alternate section of land upon
the whole line of the road. They certainly can
do this, and viewing it in that light, I intend to
vote for the reconsideration.
Mr. BISSELL. The passage of this bill will be
a precise reversal of the policy which Congress has
heretofore pursued in regard to thesereserved lands.
One of the main grounds upon which these rail-
road bills have been maintained was, that the Gov-
ernment lost nothing thereby, inasmuch as the re-
served sections weie doubled in price, indeed,they
were often quadrupled in value. Notwithstanding
this very large^fncrease in the price of reserved
lands, this bill proposes to sell them to a certain
class of pe>sons at the old price of $1 25 per acre.
And why is this? Whv, says the gentleman from
j Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] that they may have the
I benefitof the preemption right. By what means do
I you give them the benefit of the preemption right,
| and what is that benefit? It is the privilege of pur-
I chasing, in preference to anybody else, the land
| upon which they have lived, at the price at which
| that land is held when they pay for it, and not at the
i price at which that land was held when they set-
j tied upon it, perhaps ten, fifteen, twenty or twenty-
j five years ago. No, sir! The pieemption right
! implies no such thing. I presume the right im-
plies that the settler, in preference to any other
| person, shall be permitted to purchase the land
j upon which he lives, at the price at which.another
J citizen could be permitted to purchase it. But the
gentleman from Tennessee says that the settler is
entitled, not only to this preemption right, but that
he is entitled to purchase the land at half the price
which another citizen must pay for it, by the
law making the grant to the railroad because he
squatted upon it long ago. I am for carrying out
the principles of the preemption law to the fullest
extent. I have yet to learn what merit that man
has who settles upon Government land, and lives
upon it for twenty or thirty years without paying
for it. I am willing to give him the benefit of the
preemption law. Let him purchase the land in
preference to anybody else; but do not let him
have it at half the price which the emigrant from
the Old World would have to pay for the same
tract of land. Now, is it any hardship to require
that of him? He has, probably, already made
on his farm, without paying taxes for it to the
State, and without paying anything at all to the
Government for it, ten or twenty times the amount
which he is now asked to pay for the land. Is it
a hardship, then, to require him to pay the same '
price for his land that other citizens have to pay,
and would be willing to pay?
But the gentleman from Tennessee seems to
conclude that the settler has a sort of vested right
to purchase the land at the price at which the land
was held when he squatted upon it. By what rule
is that doctrine maintained ?
Mr. JONES. Will the gentleman from Illinois
permit me to make a remark ?
Mr. BISSELL. With pleasure.
Mr. JONES. If I understand, Mr. Speaker, this
bill,and the bills which have heretofore been passed
for the benefit of railroad companies, the price of
the land is not increased to ^2 50 per acre until it
shall have been first withdrawn from the market
at private entry, and shall have been, by the proc-
lamation of the proper Department, offered at pub-
lic sale; and such lands as shall not be bought at
that sale shall then be subject to private entry at
£2 50 per acre. Now, suppose this bill required
these settlers to perfect their proof to the absolute
preemption right, and to pay $1 25 per acre before
the land is returned to market at §2 50 per acre?
Mr. BISSELL. But why should they only
pay $1 25 an acre, when other citizens must pay
£>2 50? Is it because they settle on the land be-
fore the price is raised to ^2 50 an acre ? But the
price was raised to that when the railroad bills
were passed. Was itany merit on the part of the
settler to squat upon and occupy the public lands?
Was it such a merit, 1 say, as to entitle him now
to the right of purchasing the land at half the
price of that in which it is in the market? Ought
he to have such a privilege over all other citizens ?
But another thing, Mr. Speaker. The land in
the State of Illinois which was reserved to the
Government in the grant made to the State for the
purposes of the Central Railroad Company, is, as
this ought to be, subject to preemption at this
price of §2 50 per acre. Now will you establish
such an inequality in the States of Arkansas or
Missouri, by making these reserved lands be held
at the price of 25 per acre to actual settlers,
while in the State of Illinois, and perhaps in other
States, the price is fixed at $2 50 per acre?
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman from Illinois
permit me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. BISSELL. With pleasure.
Mr. COBB. The preemption right secured in
the bill which passed the last Congress, applied
strictly to that class of citizens who had settled
on the lands after the increase of the price to §2 50
peracie; that they should have the preference of
purchasing at that price *merely.
Mr. BISSELL. And H included those who
should hereafter settle on the lands so granted to
railroad companies, as well as those who had
already settled.
Mr. COBB. Most assuredly; but thia bill goes
back behind all this, and applies to citizens who
have settled there before the passage of these rail-
road bills.
Mr. BISSELL. So does the law that was
passed in reference to the public lands in the State
of Illinois, to which I have before referred; and I
still maintain—and defy any gentleman on this
floor to refute my position—that if a man had
settled on these lands before the railroad grants
were made, he is not thereby entitled to purchase
them now at a price less than th:it which other
citizens would have to pay for them. The squat-
ter, in settling upon the land, acquires a preemp-
