1854.
CONGfifcSSlWJAL CfLdSM.
Alleghany Bridge, and Portville, New York, to
Olean.
From Smithsport, by Bradford, Limestone,
New York, and Kill Buck, to Great Valley.
Prom Smithport, by Lafayette, Eden, and
Kinzua, to Warren.
From Smith's Ferry, by Ohioville and Black
Hawk, to Darlington.
From Smith's Ferry, byOhioville and Darling-
ton, Pennsylvania.
From Smith's Mills, in Crawford countv, by
Cochranton, to John Wightman's.
From Smith's Mills, by Jeffries and Clearfield
Bridge, to Clearfield.
From Somerset, by Stony Creek, Dry Ridge,
West End, and Man's Choice, to Bedford.
From Somerset, by Sipesville, Forwardstown,
and Bemin's Creek, to Johnstown.
From Somerset, by Gebhart's, New Lexington,
Turkey Foot, and Harnedsville, to Addison.
From Somerset, by Benford's Store, to Stoyes-
town.
From Spring House Tavern toSumneytown.
From Strasburg, by Leesburg, New Providence,
and Camargo, to duarryville.
From Strattonville, by Helen Furnace, Scotch
Hill, North Pine Grove, MarionvilJe, and Fox-
burg, to Warren.
From Stewartstown, by Cross Roads, Apple
Grove, and Dallastown, to York.
From Stroudsburg, by Rossandsville, Fenners-
ville, Long Valleyville, and Weiseport, to Mauch
Chunk.
From Stroudsburg, by Analomink, Henrysville,
and Paradise Valley, to New Mount Pleasant.
From Stroudsburg, by Snydersville, Fenners-
ville, Kunkleton, Kresgeville, and Little Gap, to
Lehigh Gap.
From Stroudsburg, by Analomink, Priceburg,
Covesville, South Sterling, and East Sterling, to
Sterling.
From Stroudsburg to Saylorsburg.
From Stroudsburg, by Shawnee, Triebleville,
and Turn's, to Bushkill.
From Summit, by Portage, Wilmore,and Sum-
mer Hill, to Johnstown.
From Summit, by Ebensburg, Armah, Blairs-
ville, New Alexandria, Harvey's Five Points,
Salem Cross Roads, Murrysville, Monroeville,
and Wilkinsburg, to Pittsburg.
From Sunbury, by Snydertown and Rushtown,
to Danville.
From Sugar Valley, by Carroll, Forest Iron
Works, to White Deer Mills.
From Stoystown, by Dibertsville and Davids-
ville, to Johnstown.
From Sylvania, by Gray's Valley and Mains-
burg, to Mansfield.
From Sterlingville, by Linn, to Tunkhannock
Depot.
From Sumneytown,by Hosensackand Eman's,
to Allentown.
From Tafton to Hawley.
From Tamaqua, by Lindersville, Jeansville,
Hazleton, Drum's, Alberts, and Hendricksburg,
to Wilkesbarre.
From Tioga, by Hammond Creek and Maple
Ridge, to Seely Creek, New York.
From Tionesta, by Howe, to Tediontee.
From Titusville, by Enterprise, Davis's Settle-
ment, Youngsville, and Chandler's Valley, to
Sugar Grove.
From Titusville, by Holland, to Perry.
From Titusville, by Eagle and Spring Creek, to
Columbus.
From Titusville, by Sugar Lake, to Meadville.
From Texas, by Morris, Wellsboro', Chatham
Valley, Little Marsh, Knoxville, and Westfield,
to Pine Creek.
From Towanda, by Highland, Burlington,
West Burlington, East Troy, Troy, Sylvania,
and Sullivan, to Covington.
From Towanda, by Highland, Burlington, East
Smithfield, North Smithfield, Bentley Creek, and
Ridgeburg, to Wellsburg, New York.
From Trappe, by Schenck's Store, Sumney-
town, and Harlaysville, to Franconia.
From Tremont, by Bear Mont, Wiconisco,
Short Mountain, Oakdale, and Elizabethville, to
Millersburg.
From Trexlertown, by Middletown, to Here-
ford.
From Trout Run, by Liberty, to Blossburg.
From Tunkhannock, by Russel Hill, Sterling-
42M
ton, Braintrem, Skinner's Eddy, Laceyville
Browntown, Wyalusing, Lime Hill, Rummer-
neld. Greek, Standing Store, Wysox, Towanda,
Ulster, Milan, and Athens, to Waverly, New
York.
From Tunkhannock, by West Eaton, Forks-
town, Lovelton, and Bellsylva, to Dushore.
From Tunkhannock, by Pierceviile, Nicholson,
Glenwood, Lenoxville, Clifford, and Dundaff, to
Carbondale.
From Tuscarora, by Pilmar, to Catawissa Val-
ley.
From Tyrone, by Phillipsburg, Woodland, and
Clearfield, to Curwinsville.
From Uniontown, by New Salem, Merrits-
town, Brownsville, Fredericktown, Millsboro',
Clarksville, and Jefferson, to Waynesburg.
From Uniontown, by McClellandtown, Mason-
town, Carmichael's, Rice's Landing, and Jeffer-
son, to Waynesburg.
From Uniontown, by McClellandtown, Mason-
town, Greensboro', Mapleton, Whitley, to Car-
michael's. ' '
From Unionville, by Kenneti's Square, Hamor-
ton.Fairville.andCentreville, (Delaware,) to Wil-
mington.
From Ulysses to Genesee Forks.
From Waynesburg, by Rogersville, Jolly
Town, and Blacksville, (Virginia,) to Waynes-
burg.
From Waynesburg, by Simpson's Store and
Good Intent, to West Alexander.
From Waynesburg, by Call's Mills, White
Cottage, New Freeport, Pursley, Sugar Run,and
Knob Fork, to Middlebourne, Virginia.
From Waynesburg, by Huuter's Cove, Har-
vey's Windridge, Ryerson's Station, Poplar
Spring, (Virginia,) Beeler's Station, and Lime-
stone, to Moundsville.
From Warren, by Germany, Corydon, Onoville,
Ten-Mile Spring, and Buck Tooth, to Little Val-
ley.
From Warren, by Kinzus, Corydon,Onoville,
Ten-Mile Spring, New York, Buck Tooth, and
Kilbuck, to Olean.
From Warren, by Irvine, Youngsville, Pitts-
field, Garland, Spring Creek, West Spring Creek,
Spartansburg, Cook, Wayne, Le Boeuf, and
Union Mills, to Waterford.
From Warren, by Frewsburg, Jamestown, and
Delati, to Dunkirk, New York.
From Warren, by Mead, Sheffield, and New
Highland, to Ridgeway.
From Warren, by Russellburg and Carroll,
New York, to Jamestown.
From Warrenham, by South Owego, New
York, to Owego.
From Washington, by Locust Hill, Hickory,
! Cherry Valley, Burgettstown, Florence, Frank-
fort Springs, Kendall, Hookstown, and George-
town, to Smith's Ferry.
From Washington, by Van Buren,Prosperity,
Sparta, Lindley's Mills, Amity, and Ten Mile,
to Waynisburg.
From Washington, by Chartier's, Cross Creek,
Eldersville, and Cherry Hill, to Steubenville,
Ohio.
From Washington to Taylorstown.
From Washington, by Buffalo, West Middle-
ton, Independence, Fowler's, Virginia, Wells-
burg, Virginia, Philhpsburg, Ohio, New Alex-
andria, Smithfield, and Cold Spring, to Cadiz.
From Waterford, by La Boeuf, Union Mills,
Wayne, Columous, Lottsville, Sugar Grove,and
Bustle, to Jamestown, New York.
From Waterville, by Garrettsville and Little
Pine Creek, to Texas.
From Wattsburg, by Wayne, Columbus, and
Laporte, to Pittsfield.
From Waverly, by Wallsville, Fleetville, and
Millardsville, to Lenox.
From Wellsboro', by Pine Creek, Gaines,
Pike Mills, West Pike, Cushingville, Sweden,
Lymansville, Cowdersport, Roulette, Burtville,
and Port Alleghany, to Smithport.
From Wellsboro', by Charlestown, Crooked
Creek, Tioga, and Bailey Creek, to Rutland.
From WestChester, by Downmgtown, Guth-
riesville, Brandywine Manor, Rookville, Honey
Brook, Beartown, Blue Ball, New Holland,
Hinkleton, Ephrata, Durlach, Brickerville, Corn-
wall, and Campbelltown, to Hummelstown.
From West Chester, by Marsliafhon, Embre-
ville, Unionville, Doe Run, Gum Tree, Cochran-
ville, Russel'ville, Ho yes ville, Oxford, Hopewell
Cotton Works, Brick Meeting House, Maryland,
Rising Sun, Farmington, Priricipio, and' Battle
Swamp, to Perrysville. * *
From West Chester, by Thornhurff, Di!worth-
towrt, and Talleyville, Delaware, to WirmingtpfnU
From West Chester, by Paofi,to Philadelphia.
From West Chester, by Parkersville, Hamor-
ton, Kennett's Square, to Latldon Grove. .
From West Chester, by Goshen ville and SUgaf
Town, to Paoli.
.ifro™ West Greenville, by Jamestown, Adams-
ville, Hartstown, North Shenango, Line Mills',
and Unity, to Coneautviile.
From West Middletown, by Patterson VMHtsfi
Cross Creek Village, Eldersville, BurgettsfowriJ
Clinton, Seventy-Six, and Service, to Hooks-
town.
From West Newton, by Buena Vista, Yofio*
gany, and McKeesport, to Pittsburg.
From West Franklin, by Granville, to Alba.
From West Penn,by Mahoning,to Lehighton.
From West Port, up Kettler Creek, by Leidv
Cross Fork, to Kettle Creek.
From West Philadelphia, by Kelleysvilfe,
Maple, and Rose Tree, to Howelfsville.
From White Haven, by Hickory Run, AP
brightsville, to Merwinsburg.
From Williamsburg, by Yellow Spring ariif
Water Street, to Spruce Creek.
From White Deer, by Alvira, to Elimsport.
From Wilkesbarre, by Plainsville, Port Blanch-
ard, Pittston Ferry, Old Forge, Lackawanna,
Hyde Park, Scranton, Providence, Blakely, Car-
bondale, Waymart, and Prompton, to Honesdale.
From Wilkesbarre, by Kingston, Forty Fort,
Wyoming, Exeter, Keelersburgh, South Eaton,
Eaton, Tunkhannock, W mchester, Lynn,Spring-
ville, Dimock, Montrose, Dawsville Centre,
Brookdale, and Corbettsville, New York, to Kirk-
wood.
From Wilkesbarre, by Kingston, Truckville,
HuntsviIIe, Lehman, Dallas, and Bowman's
Creek, to Tunkhannock.
From Wilkesbarre, by Church Hill, to Nanti-
coke.
From Wilkesbarre, by White Haven, Morri-
son, Rock Port, and Weatherby, to Mauch
Chunk.
From Williamsport, by Newberry, Linden,
Jersey Shore, Chatham Run, Dunnsburg, Lock
Haven, Flemmgton, Mill Hall, Sulona, Lamar,
Nittany, Hublersburgh, and Zion, to Bellefonte.
From Williamsport, by Warrensville, Lycom-
g Creek, Slate Road, and Larry's Creek, to
Jersey Shore.
From Williamsport, by Hepburn, Crescent,
Trout Run, Ralston, Canton, Alba, Troy, Co-
lumbia Cross Roads, South Creek, and South-
port, New York, to Elmira.
From Williamsport, by Warrensville, Bar-
bour's Mills, Hill's Grove, and Millview, to Da-
shore.
From Wind Gap to Flicksville.
From Woodcock, by Teeples, the town line
road, and Frisby's Settlement, to Waterford.
From Womesford and Millbach to Shaeffers-
town.
From Wrightsville, by Margaretta Furnace,
New Bridgeville, Grahamsville, and York Fur-
nace, to McCall's Ferry.
From Wyalusing, by Merryall, Camptown,
and Stevenviile, to Pike.
From Wyalusing to Sugar Run.
From York, by Emigsville, Mount Campbell,
Manchester, York, Haven, Etters, and New Cum-
berland, to Harrisburg.
From York, by East Berlin, to York Sulphur
Springs.
From York, by Farmers, Abbottstown, Han-
over, McSherrystown, and New Oxford, to Get-
tysburg. ,
From York, by Dover, Rossville, Lewisberry,
Lisburn, and Sidensburg, to Mechanicsburg.
From York, by Dover, Wellsville, Dillsburg,
and Allen, to Mechanicsburg.
From York, by Pine Hill, Cordoras, Hetrics,
Kroh's Mills, Maryland, Manchester, and Bach-
man's Mills, to Westminster.
From York, by Dallastown, Apple Grove, Croso
Roads, Union, Chanceford, Lower Chanceford,
and Castle Fin, to Peach Bottom.
From York Sulphur Springs, by Bermudian
Hall and Davidsburg, to York.
