iu
THE CONGRESSIONAL 0LOBE.
March 22,
that therefore the old States are not injured;but I
think the great principle involved in the disposition
of the public land is the one to which I have ad-
verted.
I am notinciined to detain the House any longer.
The only object 1 had in rising was to explain the
provisions of the bill. I have shown that it is re-
trospective in its action, and local in its character;
that it does not affect detrimentally the interests
of the Government, of corporations, or of the old
States, while it does protect the peculiar class of
citizens for whose benefit it is asked. I now move
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table, which motion I hope may prevail.
Mr. SINGLETON, lask the gentleman from
Arkansas to withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. WARREN. 1 will withdraw it for my
friend from Mississippi.
Mr SINGLETON. I should not have added
a word to what has been said upon this subject
but for the fact that the district which I have the
honor to represent upon this floor is, perhaps, as
much interested in this question, and in the prin-
ciples involved in this bill, as the district of any
other gentleman here.
There are two railroads running through that
district, to which I will refer. One is the Mobile
and Ohio railroad, to which alternate sections of
land upon each side, for a distance of six miles,
have already been granted by an act of Congress.
This road runs through two of the largest and
most populous counties in my district. Theje is,
also, the Southern railroad, now under contract,
from the town of Brandon to the Alabama line,
which is to constitute a link, as I believe, in fu-
ture, of the great Pacific railroad—a distance of
ninety-nine miles and one third; and upon that
road the lands have already been reserved from
sale by a proclamation of the President of the
United States, with a view of making the same
donation, by act of Congress, to that road, as has
been made to the Mobile and Ohio road.
Now, sir, upon a calculation, it will be found
that six miles on each side of the line of these
two railroads embrace about eight hundred miles
square of the territory within the State of Missis-
sippi, and about twenty-five hundred sections of
land. This area necessarily embraces many of
those whom the gentleman from Illinois has
thought proper to term " squatters" on the public
lands—honest citizens, who havegone there, away
from the great thoroughfares, and have settled
where they supposed they would be out of the
reach of speculators and capitalists; built them-
selves humble cabins on the public lands with a
view, when they should be able to do so, of pro-
viding a home for their families.
Mr. ORR. 1 desire to ask the attention of my
friend from Mississippi to an act which was passed
on the2d of August, 1852, which gives to all the
settlers in Mississippi along the line of the Mo-#
bile and Chicago railroad the right of preemption,
provided they pay $>2 f>0 an acie.
Mr. SINGLETON. That is the very thing I
am warring upon; that is the very principle that
lam opposed to,and 1 shall come to it in the couise
of my remarks.
Mr. SMITH,of Virginia. Will thegentleman
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SINGLETON. Certainly, sir.
Mr. SMITH. 1 wanted to ask the gentleman
over the way, [Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,] who is
the genetal guardian of the public, Treasury, the
question, but as j shall not have an opportunity
of doing so, and do not desire to make a speech,
I will ask it of the gentleman from Mississippi.
If this billbe passed,and these gentlemen—for the
term " squatter" js, it seems, offensive to the sen-
sibility of honorable members—these gentlemen—
and I doubt not that they are honorable men, for
all frontier men aie so, of couise,as we all know—
I say, if this bill grants this privilege, I ask,'•ifJ
every man in the country who has paid the ad-
vanced price of $.2 50 under former laws, will not
come to Congress and demand that the money
shall be refunded to him? and if the gentleman is
prepared for such consequences?
Mr. SINGLETON. Well, sir, because justice
has been withheld from this class of citizens up to
this time, it does not follow, in my judgment, that ]
we should continue to withhold that justice. If
it is the pleasure of Congress hereafter to refund
the money to those who have paid the increased
price, it will meet with no opposition from rue, for
I do not think, that because you have located a
railroad in any section of the country it therefore
necessarily follows that the settler on the public
lands, who has hewn himself a home amid the
wilds of nature, should pay §2 50 an acre for the
land upon which he has settled, when he had the
solemn assurances of the Government that he
might enter it at half that price if he would make
such settlement.
But i was remarking, that this area of territory
in the State of Mississippi necessarily involves
the interests of a great many of these settlers who
have not, up to this time, paid for their land.
Now, sir, is there any justice or propriety in
the proposition that these men, who have left the
haunts #of civilization—schools, colleges, and
churches—behind them, and settled in an almost
unbroken wilderness, should be compelled to pay
more than the minimum price for their homestead,
because you have located a railroad through the
public domain, when the lands had been in mar-
ket for twenty five or thirty years, as is the case
m eastern Mississippi, and in the purchase of
which not even the speculator has been tempted
to invest his money? I tell you, the day will
come, when any member on this floor, who has
favored the donation of large tracts of lands to
railroads—when these lands shall have fallen into
the hands of speculators and capitalists, without,
at the* same time, throwing proper restriction
around the grant, and guarding the interest of the
settler—will call upon the rocks and mountains to
hide him from public indignation, because he has
forgotten his own citizens, while he has been lib-
eral towards capitalists.
At the same time that I am in favor of being
liberal towards those who would construct rail-
roads, I would not forget the humble citizenvwho
has the right to claim the protection of the Govern-
ment against all comers who would infringe what
I believe to be his right. What would the effect of
such a policy be, especially in eastern Mississippi,
where the lands have been in marketfrom twenty-
five to thirty years, and where even the speculator
has found no inducement to make investments? Jn
order to construct a railroad through these lands
the settlers upon them are required to pay $2 50
per acre, when as yet they have been unable to
pay even $1 25, and $400 would be demanded for
a quarter section instead of one half that amount.
The result of such policy would be to drive these
hardy and enterprising men from the lands upon
which they have located, and all the little im-
provements which they have made would redound
to the benefitof capitalists and speculators. They
would be driven from their homes to seek new
ones elsewhere, again to be removed in like man-
ner should a company obtain a giant of land'for
another road under like ciicumstances.
I have talked with these settlers myself along
the line of the Mobile and Ohio road about these
matters, so far as their rights are concerned, and
I have seen the tear start in the eye of the honest
poor man as he talked of leaving the humble home
which he supposed he had secured for himself, of
giving up the little field, from which every stick
of timber had been removed by his own toil and
sweat, and bidding adieu to the roof constructed
by his own hands, which, though but indifferent,
had given shelter to those most dear to him on
earth. But gentlemen say, that if these settlers
have failed to enter their quarter sections it is
their own fault, and that they should haveattended
to this matter in time. Who does not know that
these humble citr/ens, living upon these remote
and sparsely settled lands, are but littleacquainted
with public matters transpiring in the country,
and especially the legislative enactments at Wash-
ington? They rarely leave their homes, unless it
is to go to their county towns to perform some
public service, such as serving on juues or to vote,
and consequently, in many instances, were un-
acquainted with the fact, that if they fail to enter
their lands according to the terms and stipulations
of the law, that they will be ousted by a railroad
company, authorized by law to construct a road
through these lands. 1 favor this principleof per-
mitting the bona fide settler to enter his quarter
section at §1 25 per acre.
At the beginning of the session I introduced a
bill asking for a grant of alternate sections of
land to the Southern railroad, embracing this same
principle. 1 think it would be cruel and unjust,
indeed, that they should be required to pay $2 50
per acre, when the inevitable consequence would
be to drive many of them from their homes; for
if they could not pay $200 it would but increase
their difficulties to demand double that amount.
Mr. BISSELL. I ask the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Singleton] with what face he and
I can argue in this Houne in future that theTreas-
ury of the United States would be losing nothing:
by making these railroad grants, because the re-
served sections are to be sold at the increased
price of $2 50 per acre, if the policy which he
now contends for is to be carried out?^ I would
ask the members of this House if, when voting for
these railroad bills, and raising the price of the
reserved sections of the public lands to $2 50 per
acre they supposed that numerous class of citi-
zens who were then living on these lands were to
have the preemption right to purchase their lands
at the price of §1 25 per acre? No, sir; the object
was altogether different. And I feel bound, in de-
fense of those by whom those bills were originated
; and sustained, to resist any attempt by sideway
means, or any other means, after we have passed
these grants by the generosity of Congress, to en-
deavor to undo what we have done so far as the
Treasury of the United States is to be affected by
the price of these lands.
1 do not like these bills coming in after we have
got these grants;—first attempting togive the right
to one class of citizens to purchase the public lands
at $1 25 per acre, next giving to another class of
citizens the right to have these reserved lands at
$1 25 per acre, and then giving the same privilege
to another, until finally the whole grounds on
which the support of most gentlemen to these
bills rested is swept away, and until the reserved
land, like all other land, is gone at the price of
§1 25 per acre.
Mr. SINGLETON. X will try now and get
through what I intended to say. I did not ex-
pect to make any remarks on this subject, but I
will respond to the gentleman's [Mr. Bissell's}
inquiry as well as I can. I have had nothing to
do with the establishing that great principle which
the gentleman speaks of, as this is the first
session which I have served in this body. And
without pretending to control, or to be controlled
by the opinion of others, or to agree, or disagree
with what has been done heretofore by Congress,
1 I take my own views in regard to this subject.
It is too late to talk about realizingprofit to the
Treasury of the United States from these lands,
under the system of making donations to railroads.
On various occasions the Congress of the United
States have made grants of lands for civil and
eleemosynary purposes, without any consideration
as to the profits which might result therefrom to
the Treasury, and indeed, sir, without any equiv-
alent. It is too late to come, in the face of all these
facts in the recollection of the House, and say
that we ought not now to grant to actual sett.ers
the right to purchase their lands at $1 25 per acre,
because they have not entered their lands previ-
ous to the making of these grants, which were so
constructed as to realize $2 50 per acre on the
lands reserved to the State.
Sir, I believe not only in the propriety and jus-
tice of granting to actual settlers the preemption
right at the rate of §1 25 per acre in the reserved
lands, but I would, if I had the power to do so,
annex the same condition to all the grants made,
no matter for what purpose.
Sir, I take my position on this question defi-
nitely and distinctly. 1 have comp to the conclu-
sion long since that the time has arrived when the
United States ought to cease to look to its public
lands as a source of revenue. When these lands
have been sold and money has been raised on
them, I am in favor of paying it into the Treasury
of the United States, as a matter of revenue, to
defray the ordinary expenses of the Government;
and under no circumstances would I favor a dis-
tribution of the proceeds of the sales of these
lands among the States. Were this question of
grants to railroad companies a new one, up for
the first time, I should take time to reflect upon
the proposition, and cannot say what my action
would be; but the thing has now grown into a
system; and it is too late to inquire into the
policy.
While I favor these grants, however, to works
which commend themselves to my judgment as
being national m their character, I would be care-
ful not to abridge the privileges of private citizens*
