1424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16.
Government of illiberahty and unfairness. Nothing con-
tributes to throw morehtfht on ihe-ocial progres*. of a nation
than postal statistics, and m the United State* these statis-
tic# are given with much greater fullness and clearness than
they are in Europe. Therepoits of the American PostOflice
Department are. in fact, valuable State papers, not un-
worthy the attention of linnli-h statesmen, as they may see
therein the sources by which national enmity may be kept
alive. , _ .
" Some idea of the rapid progress and ihcreased extent or
the great modern Republic may be fouried trom the fact
that in 1853 neariv two thousand new pos-t offices were es-
tablished in the United States; that during that year the
length of the mail routes had increased four thousand miies,
and the annual transportation oi mails to three millions
of miles. We boast in England of the post-office accom-
modation we pet, and of the gigantic machinery ot our
Post Office Department. On the first of December, 1853,
there were twenty-two thousand six hundred and eighty-
eight post offices in the United Slates, three times as
many at there are in the United Kingdom. The number
of miles the mails travel over railways m the United States
is twelve times the number they travel over in this country,
and in steam packets seven times the number. The United
States Post Office Department has engagements with nearly
fcix thousand contractors for conveying; mails hy coaches,
steamboats, and railway* ; ami the annual transportation
of mails in that country is «ixty-one millions eight hundred
and ninety-two thousand five hundred and forty two miles,
two ihiids the distance of the earth from the sun.
"The pof-tal report says :
' The failure of the revenue from letter postage to re-
cover, during a period of ahnostunexampled prosperity and
commercial activity, with the saint: lapuluy under the act
ol 1«5I ? as it did under the aet of 184.;, may be accounted
for upon the supposition that the latter act had already
stimulated the correspondence of the country nearly to the
highest point of which it win capable, .ind that therefore
the aet « i 1&>1 afforded but little luither inducement to u&e
the mails.5
" Fifty thousand persons emigrate to the United State*
from the German dominions jearly. The be*t portion of
the industrial population of the latter country has been es-
caping trom the leaden and stupid despotisms there to get
elbow room and breathe the air ol liberty in the colossal
westnn Republic. The vast tide of emigration emerges
from Europe at Bremer-Haven, and the American Govern-
ment have leduced the. postage between Hie United States
and Bremen, in consequence, to 5d. All the States ot the
Geimun Au-trian Postal Union have tin* advantage (it this
reduction, when their postage to and Mom llieniKii lor h t
ters to and Irom the United States i«, 02 d. a leiter, or less.
Austria, Piu-sia, and Saxony have mnde the requisite re-
duction to get the benefit of the live-penny rate, and the
whole ol the < « rm.m States will, it is expected, soon come
into the unnngement.
u The following paragraph, copied fiotn (lie United States
Postmaster GeneiaTs report, deserves to he ivutten in let
teis of gold U r the saneliou it yi Vi-h to ocean po -till i eloi in,
and lot Hseonsidi'iation oi'lhc leelmgs and interests ol emi-
grants :
u ' The (eduction of the letter ponnpe by (he Bremen line
to one half the former rate, offer* greatly unproved facilities
for the correspondence to and irom the eonnneniol Kuiope.
The piopriety ol this reduction will be apparent m view ot
the lact thai the sea post.igeon all correspondence between
this countiy and Europe has generally, and, in m\ opinion,
most justly, been considered a* quite loo high. It is,
moreover, us well oui mleiesr as our du«y to extend to the
large and inerea.-Jitg (Jeiman population of the United
States, and to iii< ir fneiuls at home, Uie most Iibei al mean*
of communication practicable.'
"The complaints ol the Ameucan Pom Ofhee against
thu Buti^h Government aie, that the British packets aie
unduly lavortd with the carnage ol the closed mails lor
Camilla, &e , and that the liriUsh Government^ chat-re
))ighet proportionate tiansn due* tor the parage of Ameri-
can mails through England than the United Stales Govern-
ment does lor the passage ol English mails through the
United St.Ut-s tennoiy. Moreover, the Bnush Government
has r< tilled all tin-overtures fiom the American Post Office,
to reduce the exoibiiant rates on pamphlet* and magazines
A final attempt to obtain liberality arid fairness was to be
made by submitting the whole matter again to Lord Clar-
endon.
"To ihecieditof the American Governmant, it mam tee-
the utmost kindness and consideration for the. Post Office
official-, ol whom ihereare upwards ol thirty thousand. A
jmge poition ol these are in humble capacities, and cannot
he aftordui lucraiive emojimienfs, |Mji they can and do re
ceive great allt ntKm and kindi><\-- :i< rewatd- tor the ever
cjsc of intelligence and irn*tvvot tlnness The Po*t Ofhee
authojnie- in America seem to he Iti 1 iy awaie that to carry
out -uch a department of their own with advantage to tin*
public, require- a coidial cooperation of the whole stall of
officials, and that such cooperation cannot coexist with
chronic discontent.
"The American Post Office documents reveal the rapid
growth and amazing extent of the gieat modern Republic,
and manifest great industry and admimstiative capacity ot
lis subordinate Government ofhciaK No inattei how wide
the territory1 or scattered the population ot the Umted
States, the Government ot that countrv, taking the initiative
promptly, bind all together by social advantages calculated
to promote internal trade, genera! education, ami afleetmn-
oto intercouiiso. While looking abroad on Kutope, and
witnessing the misery arising trom pievent and previous
Kmyly ambition and dynastic quarrels one cannot tint
on\ v Hie freedom from ovrrvvle lining delit and trouble en-
juw'd bv the (Jmled SUtes Coveimnent."
While gentlemen are constantly referring us to
the postal system of Great Britain, let me remind
them that on the other side of the water our sys-
tem is held up as a model system, worthy of ad-
miration, and as worthy the model Republic. In
this country we have three times the number of
post offices, and twelve times the amount of rail-
way, and seven times the amount of steamboat
transportation. Annually in the United States
the mail is carried two thirds the distance of the
earth from the sun. Truly, sir, our postal system
may be called gigantic. Truly, it may challenge
the admiration of the world. Notwithstanding
all our tinkering, the management of our postal
system calls forth the laudation of the mother
country.
Adopt the recommendations of the committee—
for they are also the recommendations of the Post-
master General—and our postal system, as a self-
sustaining department of the Government, will
continue to challenge the admiration of the world.
Pass the bill introduced by the committee, arid
what do you do? You derive from the free matter
passing through the mails more than $'2,000,000
of revenue to the Post Office Department. Pass
this bill, and you derive from the postages upon
periodicals $,500,000, making $9,500,000 that can
be appropriated to increase the mail facilities of
the country. If you bring the railroad compa-
nies down to a reasonable compensation for the
transportation of the mails of the country, you
save $000,000 more, making an increase in the rev-
enues* of the Post Office Department of §3,000,000,
without any increase of postage whatever.
These are some of the measures sought to be
attained by the Post Office Committee, which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania calls tinkering with
the postages of the country. I feel that the com-
mittee has discharged its duty, and I (eel that I
have discharged mine. I have given much atten-
tion to this matter, and with what poor ability I
possess 1 have presented my reasons to the
House. My aigument may notappear as perfect
as it would, had 1 not endeavored to avoid any
thing like a repetition of what t said at the time 1
introduced the bill in April last. I have convinced
myself, at least, that the amended bill is one of
vital importance to the country. I trust that
the substitute may be adopted in the place of the
original bill, and that, it may speedily become the
law of the land. But if, in my desire to please
everybody, I shall be compelled to see my bill,
1 like the ass of the millei, tumbled into the nver,
1 shall console myself with the thought that 1
i have discharged my duty, and that those who,
after me, are placed at the head of the Post Office
Committee, will be able to devise such plans as
will be worthy the reputation bestowed by an
admiring woild upon the Post Office Department
of the United States.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The question is first upon
the following amendment, proposed by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Smith,] to come in at
the end of the bill:
.<?«'/ he it further anacted, That this aet chall rmilunie in
force two years, and that at the expiration of that tune the
Post Olliee Department shall be abolished, anil individuals
and association*, shall tliereatter be as Iree to carry letters
! as to eariy anything else.
The question was put; and the amendment was
not agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. IIamsm to the substitute for the bill.
Strike out the four first sections of the substitute, as?
follows!: „ ,
That fiom and after the commencement of the next
fiscal quarter after the passage of this act, the franking
privilege be, and the same ns hereby, wholly and entirely
abolished; ami the third se< tion ol the act ol Coupes,
entitled " An xv:i to amend the act entitled *Ari act to reduce
the iate« of po^tajje, to limit the u<e and correct the abinc
o! the flunking puvilege, and (or the prevention of Iraml-
oti the revenue* of the Post office Department/ pa^ed
Match I, 18-17,'J and all oilier acts, ami parts oi acts, giant-
ii,tr ami conleumi: upon any person whomsoever the nylit
orpuvilege to receive and transmit through the mail, free
of po^taue, leiterx, packets, public documents, newspapers,
periodical*, or other matter, be, and the same are hereby,
repealed. ^ ufu,ther enacted * That all letter?, pack-
ets, public documents, newspapers, periodicals, or other
mailer, sent or received through the mails. Iree of po*t-
a«e, under existing lawy, by thesevetal head? of Depart-
ments bureau", and oifiee*, -hall he charged with postage
accotdmc to the tales now existing, or whtch may hereafter
ho established by law ; and the postage eocbarged >nall b ;
pan! qu:u lei !>. out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise apptopriatedj upon the lequii-Hions of the Postmaster
Cenetal made upon accouiils audited and certified by the
Auditor ol me Treasury tor the Post Otfice Depaitmerit.
Sfc. 3. -tlnd be if 'further enacted, That all letleis,
packets, public documents, newspapers, periodicals, or
other matter sent or received through the mails, tree of
po-stage, under existing laws, by members of the Senate
and House of Representatives, arid the Secretary of the
Senate and Cieik of the House of Kepiesentatives, shall be
chatged with postage according to the rates now existing,
or which may hej eafter be established hy law, and paid out
of the contingent funds of the two Houses of Congie=s,
upon accounts audited and certified by the Auditor ot the
Treasury for the Po&t Office Department.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That, to entitle any
letter, packet, public document, newspaper, periodical, or
other matter to be chained upon the Treasury of the United
States, or upon the contingent fund of either House of
Congress, as hereinbefore provided, it must be addressed
to or indoised by the proper person or officer m the same
manner as is now icquired bylaw to entitle the same to
pass through the mails Iree of postage.
Mr. HAVEN. The first four sections of the
bill relate, I believe, entirely to the question of
franking, charging the expense of the transporta-
tion of franked matter to the Treasury. The
other sections of the bill relate to the legitimate
business of the PostOffice Department, and should
be, in my opinion, retained.
Mr. BENSON. Would it be in order to amend
the amendment, which has been just reported, at
this stage of the question'
The SPEAKER It would bein order to amend
only by the unanimous consent of the House. The
previous question having been ordered, cuts off
any new amendment. As the proposition of the
gentleman frorn Maine would be in the nature of
an amendment, it is not in order, unless by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. BENSON. Then I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to allow me to move to
amend the amendment, by striking out all that
portion of the bill, or substitute, which does not
relate to the abolition of the franking privilege
simply, without charging it over to the Govern-
ment. If 1 understand the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Haven,] it is 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) It is proposed
to amend Lhe amendment, and this can only be
done by the unanimous consent of the House.
The gentleman from Maine will see that the
House must determine whether or not his propo-
sition will be entertained.
asked the unanimous
Mr. BENSON. I have
consent of the House to enable me to move to
amend the a nendment by striking out all of it
except the first section, if 1 understand it aright.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Haven] proposes to amend the sub-
stitute by striking out the first four sections of it.
It is now proposed to amend that amendment so
as to strike out the second, thiid, and fourth sec-
tions of the bill, leaving only the first. That
amendment can only be entertained by the unani-
mous consent of the House.
Mr. ICE ITT 1 object.
Mr. E I'lIERlDGE. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. PECKI-IAM. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SAGE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Corwinand
Bocock were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported thirty-nine in the affirmative, (not a
sufficient number.)
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The question then recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Haven to strike out the first four sectionsof
the substitute.
Mr. BENSON". Is not that question divisible,
so as to meet the object I desire to attatn ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, because to divide
is to amend; and the previous question, which has
been seconded, cuts off all amendments.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays upon the amendment'
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know if the
morning hour has expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has; but the House has
determined that the main question shall be now
put; and it must be done, because it is the order
of the House. It sets asitle all others. ^
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affiimutive—yeas 79, nays 74; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Mes=rs. Applet™, ThomasII. Bnyly, Ball, Ben-
son, Benton, Bocnek, Oovce, Brooks, Bueu:, Campbell,
Caipenter, Oaskie, Chandler, Oubb, Corwin, Crocker,
Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dick, Dickinson, Disney, Eddy,
