1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Prom Milford, by Williamsville, Bridgeville,
Horsey's Cross Roads, Federals burgh, and East
New Market, to Cambridge.
From Milford, by Cedar Creek and Draw
Bridge, to Lewes.
From Newark, by Cook's Bridge, Glasgow,
Summit Bridge, Middletown, and Warwick, to
Cecilton.
From Red Lion to Summit Bridge.
From Smyrna to Leipsic.
From St. George's, by Delaware City, to Port
Penn.
From Wilmington, by Newcastle, Chippewa,
Red Lion, St. George's, McDonougb, Cantwell's
Bridge, Black Bird, Smyrna, Dover, Camden,
Canterbury, Frederica, Milford, and Milton, to
Georgetown.
From Wilmington, by Loveville, New Garden,
Pennsylvania, Avondale, and Chatham, toCoeh-
ransville.
From Wilmington to Newcastle.
Virginia.—From Abingdon, by Poor Hill, Ten-
nessee, Holston Valley, and Rockhold's, to Eliz-
abethtown.
From Abingdon, by Holston and Hansonville,
to Lebanon.
From Abingdon, by Clear Branch, Three
Springs, Mill Point, Arcadia, and Block House,
to Estillville.
From Abingdon, by Ravensnest, Craig's, Kin-
derhook, and Rocky Point, to Estillville.
From Abingdon, by North Folk, Huyster's
Gap, Holston River, and Saltville, to Tazewell
C. H.
From Accomac C. H., by Locustville, to Locust
Mount.
From Aldie to Snickersville.
From Alexandria, by Accatink and Occuquan,
to Dumfries.
From Alexandria to Theological Seminary.
Prom Alexandria, by Fall's Church and Re-
publican Mills, to Dranesviile.
From Alexandria, by Mount Pierce, Anandale,
Chantiliy, Pleasant Valley, Areola, Aldie, Mid-
dleburg, and Upperville, to Paris.
From Alexandria, by Fairfax Station, Sang-
ster's Station, Burke's Station, Manassas's Sta-
tion, Catlett, Walnut, Branch Depot, Bealllon,
Millville, Brandy Station, Culpepper C. H.,
Mitchell's Station, Rapid Ann Station, and Orange
C. H., to Gordonsville.
From Amelia C. H., by Dennisville and Fin-
ney's Mills, to Namozine.
From Appomattox Depot, by Skin Quarter, to
Winterpock.
From Appomattox Depot, by Elk Hill, Lodore,
Painesville, and Rodophil, to Deatonsville, Ame-
lia county.
From Allegan Springs, by HulTsville, to Simp-
son's, in Floyd county.
Prom Aylett's, by A cquinton, Piping Tree Fer-
ry, Rumford Academy, and King William C. H.,
to Lanesville.
From Arnoldsburgto the Three ForksofSandy
From Aquia, by Garrisonville and Stafford C.
H-, to Railroad.
From Ashton's Mills to Lauck's Cross Roads.
From Back Creek Valley, by High View and
Yellow Springs, to Capon Springs.
From Balcony Falls, by National Bridge, Dag-
ger's Springs, Clifton Forge, Alum Rock, and
Covington, to Callaghan's.
From Barracksville, by Hoodsville, Gray's
Flat, Bassnettsville, and Jake's Run, to Blacks-
ville.
From Beatty's Mills, down the South Fork of
Fishing Creek, and down Indian Creek, to Rip-
ley's, in the county of Tyler.
From Bentleysville. by Mount Laurel and
Whitesville, to Providence.
From Berkley Springs, by Smith's Cross
Roads, to Oakland.
From Berkley Springs to Valley Springs, in
Morgan county.
From Berkley Springs to Walling's Mills, on
Sleepy Creek, in Morgan county.
From Beverly, by Leadsville, Barker's Settle-
ment, Burnesville, Phillipa, Nelson, Overfieid, and
Grass, to Clarksburg.
From Bickley's Mills, by Guest's Station, the
Pond, and Three Forks, to Turkey Cove.
From Big Lick, by Boone's Mills and Goggins-
ville, to Rocky Mount.
From Blacksburg, by Pepper's Ferry, to New-
born.
From Boone Court-House to Ginseng, Wyo-
ming C. H.
From Black Walnut, by Hyco, Mayo, Har-
mony, Woodsdale, North Carolina, and Wil-
liamsville, to Roxboro'.
From Bowling Green, by Turner's Store and
White Chimneys, to Mongohie.
From Bowling Green, by Sparta and Central
Point, to Newtown.
From Bowling Green, byTrappeand Port Con-
way, to King George C. H.
From Bowling Green to Milford.
From Boydton to Clarkesville.
From Boydton, by Christiansville, Yatesville,
Rehoboth, Lunenburg C H., and Macfarland's,
to Black's.
From Braxton C. H., by Holly, Fork Lick>
Stroud's Glades, and Beaver C. H., to Nicholas
C. H.
From Braxton C. H., by Holly River, Middle-
port, Fork Lick, Sand Run,Stroud's Glades,and
Laurel Creek, to Braxton C. H.
From Braxton C. H , by Flatwood, Bulltown,
Ireland, Bennett's Mills, Collin's Settlement, and
Bush's Mills, to Weston.
From Braxton C. H-, by Rocky Camp, Birch-
town, Big Otter, and Newton, to Clendenin.
From Brentsville, by Independent Hill, to
Bellefair Mills.
From Broadford to Tazewell Court House.
From Buckhannon, by French Creek and
Frenchton, to Bennett's Mills.
From Buckhannon, by Harker's Creek, New
Salem, West Milford Turnpike, Janelew, Kinch-
eloe's Creek to its head, and down the Green
Brier, to West Union.
From Buckland, by Auburn and St. Stephens,
to Weaversville.
From Buckland, by Haymarket, Thoroughfare,
and The Plains, to Salem, Fauquier.
From Buckingham Court House, by Mount
Vinco, Glennmore, Diana Mills, and Virginia
Mills, to New Canton, in Buckingham county.
From Buford's, by Blue Ridge, to Fmcastle.
From Burkesville to Jeffry's Store.
From Buford's Depot to Buckhannon.
From Buffalo Gap, by Bill's Valley, Milboro'
Springs, to Clifton Forge.
From Buffalo Gap, by Estelline Furnace, Bell's
Valley, and Panther Gap, to Milboro' Springs.
From Cabell Court House to Ashland.
From Callahan's to Sweet Springs.
From Campbell Court House, by Pigeon Run,
Msrysville, and Green Hill, to Brookneal.
From Cassville, up Sandy and Tug Fork rivers,
by William Radcliff's, Vinton's Store, Mouth of
Pond, Denmss's, Reed's, and Bartley Rose's, to
Roark's Gap.
From Capon Bridge to Hook's Mills.
From Capon Bridge, by Cold Stream, to Bloom-
ery.
From Capon Bridge, by Dillon's Run, Smith's
Gao, and North River Meeting-House, to Fabius.
From Cedar Grove Mills to Timber Ridge.
From Cedarviile to Emory.
From Centreville to Sangster's Station.
From Chapmansville, by Fall's Mills and
Cabell C. H., to Guyandotte.
From Chancellorsville to Richardsville.
From Chancellorsville, by TodUs, to Daniels-
ville.
From Charles City C. H. to Upperson's Store.
From Charleston, by Rippon, to Berrysville.
From Charlestown to Kabletown.
From Charlotte C. H., by Rough Creek, Red
House, Falling Bridge, and Mount Zion, to
Campbell C. H.
From Charlotte C. H., by Aspen Wall, Cub
Creek, and Brookneal, to Green Hill.
From Charlotte C. H. to Dasherville.
From Charlotte C. H., by Watkin's Store,
Williesburg, Red Oak Grove, and Oakley, to
Clarkesville.
From Charlotte C. H. to Roanoke Bridge.
From Charlottesville, by Hydraulic Mills, Ear-
leysville, Free Union, Millington, Moreman's
River, Brown's Cove, Port Republic, Mount
Meridian, Rockland Mills, and Cross Keys, to
Harrisonburg.
From Charlottesville,by Garland's, Covesville,
Lovingston, Rose Mills, New Glasgow, Amherst
C. H., and Cool Well, to Lynchburg.
From Charlottesville, by Hardin^ Tavern,
Mechum's River, Yancey's Mills, Brookville,
Wainesboro', and Fishersville, to Staunton.
From Charlottesville, by Carter's Bridge;" to
Scottsville.
From Charlottesville to University of Virginia.
From Chatham Hill to Marion.
From Clarksburg, by GLuiet Dell, Rominie's
Mills, Peeltree, Peck's Run, and Carper VStore,
to Buchannon.
From Clarksburg, by Grass Land, Overfieid,
Melon, Phillipa, Barker's Settlement, and Leads-
ville, to Beverly.
From Clarksburg, by Bridgeport, Boothsville,
Fairmont, Riversville, Meredith's Tavern, Laurel
Point, Amittsville, Morgantown, Uffington,Stew-
artstown, Ice's Ferry,Spring Hill Furnace, Penn-
sylvania, Smithfield, and Moore's Cross Roads,
to Uniontown.
From Clarksburg, by Reynoldsville, New Sa-
lem, West Union, Greenwood, Pennsboro',
Schumla, Goose Neck, and Stillwater, to Parkers-
burg; and from Pennsboro', by St. May's, and
Newport, to Marietta, Ohio.
From Clarksburg, by Lumberport, to Shinns-
ton.
From Clarksburg, by West Milford, Lost"
Creek, and Janelew, to Weston.
From Clarksville, by White House and Blue
Wing, Norih Carolina, to Roxboro'.
From Cherrystone to Capersville, by Sea View
and Bay View.
From Christiansburg, by Blacksburg, to New-
port.
From Christiansburg, by Childress's Store,
Humility, Snowville, and Reed island, to Jack-
son's Ferry.
From Christiansburg to Floyd C. H.
From Clendenin, by Valley of Sandy and Otter
Creek, to Braxton C. H.
From Clintonville, by Big Creek, Snow Hill,
and Fowler's Knob, to Nicholas C. H.
From Cobb's Creek to Matthew's C H.
From Columbia, by Wilmington, Palmyra, and
Union Mills, to Kesnick Depot.
From Cold Stream to North River Mills.
From Cotton's Store, by Knob Fork, Willow,
and Randolph, to New Martinsville, in Wetzel
county.
From Conrad's Store, by McGabeysville, Port
Republic, Mount Meridian, New Hope, and Her-
mitage, to Waynesborough.
From Cranberry Summit, by Gusemcen's Store,
Brandonviile, and Harnodsburg, to Farmingdale,
Pennsylvania.
From Culpepper C. H., by Waylandsburg, to
Leon.
From Culpepper C. H , by Colvin's Tavern,
Locust Dale, Madison Mills, and Orange C. H.,
to Gordonsville.
From Culpepper C. H., by Eldorado, Castle-
ton, Laurel Mills, Rock Mills, Washington,Flint
Hill, and Black Rock, to Front Royal.
From Culpepper C. H.,by Griffinsburgh, Bos-
ton, State Mills, and Woodville, to Sperryville.
Prom Culpepper C. H., by Rixeyville, to Oak
Shade.
From Cumberland C H., by Gravel Hill and
Diana Mills, to Scottsville.
From Cumbeiland G. H., by Caria,Curdsville,
and New Store, to Clover Hill.
From Danville, by Pleasant Gap, Whitewell,
S*ansonviile, Calland's, Dickinson's, and Glade
Hill, to Rocky Mount.
From Danville, by Bachelor's Hill, Cascade,
and Irisburg, to Martinsville.
From Davis's Mills, by Fancy Grove, and Al-
exander Leftwick's, in Bedford county, to Ber-
ger's Store, in Pittsylvania county.
From Dinwiddie C. H., by Ritchieville, to
Goodwinsville.
From Dragon Ordinary, (Glenn's,) by Scuffle-
town, and G. W. Simond's Store, to Matthews
C. H.
From Dumfries to Independent Hill.
From Emaus to Payton's Store, in Franklin
county.
From East river to Princeton.
From Evansville, by Feltowsville, Dunnelton,
Kmgwood, Allbright, Mnrtfly Creek, Valley
Point, Bruceton-Mills, and Brandonviile, to Som-
erfield. _ ,
From Evansville, by Nestorville and Glaay
Creek, to Phillipa.
