2 88*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
Prom Estillville, by Stock Creek, Rye Cote,
Pattonsville, Stickleysville, Powell's Mountain,
Shaver's Creek, Jonesville, Rose Hill,and Walnut
Hill, to Cumberland Gap, Kentucky.
From Estillville, by Stock Creek, to Pattons-
vil!e.
From Estillville, by Gluillensvilleand Nicholas,
to Grassy Creek.
From Estillville to Kingsnort.
From Fairfax C. H., by Fall's Church, Baily's
Cross Roads, and Brixton, to Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia.
From Fairmont, by Mill Falls and Worthing-
ton, to SMnnston.
" From Fairmont, by Palatine, Sarietta, Prunty-
town, Simpson's Creek, Pleasant Creek,Phillips,
Barker's Settlement, and Leadsville, to Beverly.
From Fairmont, by Farmington, Blackshires,
Mannington, Beatty's Mills, Pine Grove, and
Porier's Falls, to New Martinsville.
From Fairfield to Brownsburg.
From Fancy-Hill to Thompson's Landing.
Fiom Fancy-Hill to Lexington.
From Farmville, by Prince Edward C. H.,
Midway Inn, Roanoke Bridge, Charlotte C. H.,
Midland, Providence, Halifax C. H., Rogersville, |
Bloomsburg, and Cunningham's Store, North
Carolina, to Miiton.
From Farmville, by Jamestown, to Deatons-
■ville.
From Farmville, by Paine's Tavern, Lang-
horne's Tavern, Cumberland C. H., Oak Forrest,
and Cartmville, to Pemberton.
From Farmville, by Curdesville, to Bucking-
ham C. H.
From Farmville, by Hampden, Sydney Col-
lege, to Prince Edwards C. H.
From Farmville, by Prospect, Walker's
Church, Clover Hill, Sprout Spring, Concord,
and Selmn, to Lynchburg.
From Fearnsville to Smithfield.
From Fmcastle, by Craig's Creek, New Castle,
Sinking Creek, Midway, Simmonsville, Level
Green, Newport, Macksburg, Pembroke, Pearis-
burg, Bell Point, East River, Bethel, Biuestone,
Springville, Tazewell C. H., Knobb, Maiden
Spring, ElK-Garden, Rosedale, Lebanon, Dickin-
eonville, Grassy-Creek, Oaborn'a Ford, Stony
Creek, Rye Cove, Pattonsville, Stickieysville,
Pnwell Mountain, Jonesville, Rose Hill, and
Walnut Hill, to Cumberland Gap.
From Fmcasile, by Amsterdam, Clover Dale,
Big L'.ck, Salem, Lafayette, Shawsville, Chris-
tiarisburg, Lively Mount, Newbern,and Draper's
Volley, to Wytheville.
From Firicastle, by Junction's Store and Rich
Patch, to Covington.
From Fmcasnle, by Tinker Knob, Catawba,
and McDonald'a Mill, lo Blarksburg.
From Fmcastle, by Craig's Creek, Middle
Mountain, Mountain PTmi&e, lied Sweet Springs,
and Sweet Springs, to White Sulphur Springs.
From Flat Rock, by Elk Hill, Amelia C. H-,
and Jetersville, to Deatonviile.
From Fleetwood Academy, by Bruinirton,
"Walkerton, Stevensville, Carlton's Store, King
and Queen C. H , Little Plymouth, Shackleford,
Plain View, and Wood's Cross Roads, to Glou-
cester C. H.
From Floyd C. H.,by Indian Valley, Willis's
Rul^e, Grf-asy Creek, and Drug Spur, to Hillsville.
From Florence, Pennsylvania, by Commets-
bur  and Fairview, Virginia, to Wellsville, Ohio.
From the Forks of Fish Creek to Woodlands.
From Forest Depot, by Ivy Creek Mills, Lone
Pine, Davy's Store, and Charlemont, to Big Isl-
and.
From Foxville, by Millview, Wheailey, Pine
View, Morrissvilie, New Brighton, to Foxville.
From Foxviile, by Warrenton, to Jeffeison.
From Franklin, by Oak Flat and Mount Clin-
ton, to Harrisonburg.
From Franklin, by Crab Bottom, Monterey,
and Wilsonviile, to Bath Court-House.
From Franklin, by Doe Hill, McDowell, Clover
Creek, Wiliiamsville, and Green Valley, to Mill-
boro' Springs.
From Frederickshall, by Gilboa, Cuckooville,
Thompson *s Cross Roads, Hadensville, and Fife's,
to Pemberton.
From Fiedericksburg,by Falmouth, Hartwood,
Spottedville, Somerville, Elk Run, Bristerburg,
and Weaversville, to Catlett.
From Fredericksburg, by Chancellorsville, Wil-
derness, Germanna, Shepherd's Grove, and Ste-
vensburg, to Culpepper Court-House.
From Fredericksburg, by Rappahannock Acad-
emy, Port Royal, Loretta, Occupacia, Lloyd's,
Rexburg,and Mount Landing, to Tappahannock.
From Fredericksburg, by Port Royal, Port
Conway, Leeds, Tappahannock, Urbana, Merry
Point, and Punteague Landing, to Baltimore, Ma-
ryland.
From Fredericksburg, by Monteithville, to
Chiton.
From Fredericksburg, by Spotsylvania C. H.,
Mount Pleasant, Thornsburg, Lewis's Store, and
Harris, to Frederickshall.
From Fredericksburg, by King George C. H.,
Edge Hill, Milivtlle, Oak Grove, Forneswood,
Montross, Noming Grove, and Lyell's Store, to
Warsaw.
From Fredericksburg to Falmouth.
From Freeport, by Newark, Wirt C. H.,
Reedy, Ripple, Zicksville, Sandy, to Jackon C.
H i
From Freeport, by McKinney's, to Ritchie C.
From Front Royal, by Hamhaugh's, Benton-
ville, Cedar Point, Hope Mills, Luray, Long
Meadow, Honeyville, Grove Hill, and Shenan-
doah Iron Works, to Conrad's Store.
From Gauley's Bridge, by Colton Hill, Fay-
etteville, Loop, Raleigh C. H., Shady Springs,
Jumping Branch, Pack's Ferry, and Mouth of
Indian, to Sulphur Springs.
From German Settlement, by Western Ford, to
Leads ville.
From Gtrardstown, by Mill Creek, Drakesville,
and Arden, to Martinsburg.
From Gtrardstown to GMengary.
* From Glengary to Washington Anger's Store,
in Morgan county.
From Gfeunmore to Howardsville.
From Glenville, by Cox's Mills, Bone Creek,
Oxford, Lawson's Store, and White Oak, to
Ritchie C. H
From Glennville, byTownsend Mills, to Stout's
Mills, in Gilmore county.
From Gordonsville, by Barboursville, Stoney
Point, and Rackersville, to Stanardsville.
From Gordonsville, by Barboursville and Daw-
sonville, to Stanardsville.
From Gordonsville, by Somerset, Jacksonville,
Madison C. H., CreighlersviUe, and Marksville,
to New Market.
From Grayson C. H., by Peach Bottom, Inde-
pendence, Btidle Cieek, Mouth of Wilson, and
Nathan's Creek, North Carolina, to Jefferson.
Fiom Grayson C. H., by Spring Valley, Elk
Creek, Blue Spring, and Rye Valley, to Marion.
From Grayson C. H. to Scull Camp, North
Carolina.
From Greenville to Middlebrook.
Fiom Greenwood Depot, by Brookeville,Moun-
tain Top, Waynesboro', and Fishersviile, to
Staunton,
From Greenwood Depot, by Brookesville,
Greenfield, Rock Fish, Mount lloreb, to Cov-
ington and Variety Mills, to Tye River Ware-
house.
From Groveton, by Bristoe Station, to Brents-
ville.
From Guyandotte, by Amacetta and Wayne
C. H., to Louisa, Kentucky.
From Guyandotte, by South Landing and Sav-
age Grant, to Catlettsburg, Kentucky.
From Halifax C. H., by Meadviile, Peytons-
burg, Aspen Grove, and Spring Garden, to Pitt-
sylvania C. H.
Fiom Ilcdifax C. H., by Rogeruville, Blooms-
buig, Mount Carmel, and Cunningham, to Mil-
ton.
From Harsonville, by Willow Springs and
Dirkinsonviile, to Buckley's Mills.
From Ilallsboro', by Powhatan, to Ballsville.
From Harrisonburg, by Greenmount, Edom,
Bowman's Mills, Brock's Gap, and Timberville,
to New Market.
From Harrisonburg, by Dayton, Bridgewater,
Mount Solon, Parnassus, and Long Glade, to
Staunton.
From Harrisonburg, by Cross Keys, Rockland
Mills, and Mount Meridian, to Port Republic.
From Hicksford, by Pumpkin, Drewrysville,
and Jerusalem, to Frankfort Depot.
From Hicksford, by Ryland's Depot, Green
Plains, North Carolina, and Summit, to Gaston.
From Hicksford to Stony Mount.
From Hicksford, by Stony Mount, Lawrence-
ville,Diamond Grove,Tanner's Store, Lombardy
Grove, and Union Level, to Boydton.
From Hornstown to Chincoteague.
From Hillsville, by the Glades and Piper's Gap,
to Grayson C. H.
From Hopkins's Store to Salt Sulphur Springs,
in Monroe county.
From Howardsville, by Goodwin's Church and
Mount Vmco, to Buckingham C. H.
From Howardsville, by Turnpike Road, to
Middlebrook, Augusta county.
From Huntersville, by Marhn's Bottom, Ed ray,
Stony Creek, Oldfield, Fork of Elk, Big Spring,
Mingo Flat, and Salma, to Huttonsviiie.
From Huntersville to Bath C. H.
From Jackson C. H , by Reedyville and New
California, to Henrie's Fork.
From Jackson C. H., by Deer Lick, Buffalo,
Pliny, and Upland, to Mud Bridge.
From Jackson C. H , by Angeronaand Moore's
Mills, to Apple Grove.
From Jacksonville, (Floyd C. H.,) by Buffalo
Mountain, to intersect the Taney Gap road from
Hillsville, to Mountain Eddy, (Mount Airy,
North Carolina.)
From Janelew to W. H. Browning's, in Upshur
county.
From Jarrett's, by Poplar Mount, to Smoky
Ordinary.
From Jeffrey'8 Store, by Laurel Hill, Double
Bridge, Pleasant Grove, Haleysburg, Dupree's
Old Store, Wylliesburg, Bentleyville, and Scotts-
burg, to Halifax C. H.
From Jetersville to Pride's Church, by Deatons-
vilie.
From JefTersonton, by Amissville, Gaines's
Cross Roads, and Washington, to Sperryville.
From Junction, bv Verdon, Beaver Dam Depot,
Second Turnout, Frederick's Hall, Tolersville,
Louisa C. H., Trevilhan's Depot, Gordonsville,
BentivogUo, Cobham, Keswick Depot, Shadwell,
Charlottesville, University of Virginia, Wood-
ville Depot, Mechum's River, and Greenwood
Denot, to Staunton.
From Jerusalem, by Francisville, North Caro-
lina, to Jackson, North Carolina.
From Jonesville to Tazewell, Tennessee.
From Kanawha C. H.,by Lenn's Creek, Pey-
tona, Ballardsville, Hewittsville, and Chapmans-
ville, to Logan C. H.
From Kanawha C. H., by the Upper Falls of
Coal River, Griffithsvilie, Hamlin, Falls of Guy-
andotte, and Adkinsville, to Wayne C. H.
From Kanawha C. H., by Coalsmouth, Mount
Salem, Mud Bridge, and Cabell C. H., to Guyan-
dotte.
From Kanawha C. PI., by Jarrets's Ford,
Clenderun, Walton, Henrie's Fork, Arnoldsburg,
and Steer Creek, to Glenville.
From Kanawha C. H., by Pocotaligo and Sis-
sonville, to Jackson C. H.
From Kanawha C. H., by Mouth of Poca,
Walnut Grove, Wmfield, Red House Shoals,
Buffalo, Frazier's Bottom, and Cologne, to Point
Pleasant.
From Kelleysville to Brandy Station.
From Kemey*ville to Shepherdstown.
From Kerneysville, by Lcetown, to Middleway.
From Kmgwood, by Salt Lick Falls, to Ger-
man Settlement.
From Kingwood, by Decker's Creek, to Mor-
gan town.
From Kilmarnock to White Stone.
From Keysville Depot, by County Line Cross
Roads, to Darlington Heights.
From King George C.H. to Hampstead, in King
George county.
From Leading Creek to Glenville.
From Lebanon to Sand Lick.
From Lebanon, by Nash's Ford, New Garden,
Richlands, Cedar Bluff, and Baptist Valley, to
Tazewell C. H.
From Lawrenceville, by Diamond Grove,
Lewisville, Loch Leven, Brickland, Non-inter-
vention, Columbia Grove, Whittle's Mills,South
Hill, Crichton's Store, and Forkville, to Law-
renceville.
From Lawrenceville toBurntville.
From Lawrenceville, by Powellton, Pleasant
Oaks, Green Plains, North Carolina, Summit,
Gholsonville, Virginia, and White Plains, to
Lawrenceville.
