1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
717
the report of the proceedings of the House in
to-morrow's Globe, it will be well to withdraw
the report of the committee, m order that members
may see the eflect of it. The report may again
be presented to-morrow, the next day,or any day,
as the committee have the power at any time to
make a report, though it may check any business
pending before the House. There will be nothing
lost by a delay of one or two days, and I thinK
it is due to the new members of the House that
they should have an opportunity to examine into
the bearings of the proposed change, and to un-
derstand distinctly upon what they are called to
vote.
Mr. MILLSON here obtained the floor.
Mr. McMULLIN. I appeal to iny colleague
to yield me the floor, to enable me to ask him a
single question.
Mr. MILLSON. I will hear any question my
colleague has to ask.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire, in the first place,
to know whether he proposes to press this resolu-
tion to a vote to-day? If so, I wish to express
my views in reference to it.
Mr1LL30N. In reply to my colleague, I
will say, that I have no purpose in reference to the
matter at all. I suggested, a few minutes ago, that
I thought it would be desirable to postpone the
consideration of the resolution until some other
day, because, as I remarked, the changes it pro-
poses to make are somewhat important, and should
not be hastily acted upon by the House. I sup-
pose, if i withdraw the report now, it will be com-
petent for me to submit it again at some future
time.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Rules has
the right to report at any time.
Mr. MILLSON. The only object I had in
submitting it to-day, was simply to call the atten-
tion of the House to the subject. It must have its
first consideration at some time. I have already
said that I do not desire, nor would it be proper,
to pass hastily upon the report. There is no gen-
tleman in this House who would be more cautious
in guarding the rights of the minority than myself,
for I believe there is hardly a member of the
House who oftener finds himself in the minority
than myself; and therefore there are few persons
who are more interested in having the rights of the
minority properly guarded than I am.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the gentleman give
way for a motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union? The resolution
will be printed in the papers, so that members
can have an opportunity of examining it, and it
will come up to-morrow as unfinished business.
If the gentleman will give way for that purpose, I
will moke that motion.
Mr. MILLSON. I will yield to the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The motion that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union is not in order, pending the
consideration of the resolution, which is a privi-
leged matter.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The House can go into
committee, I presume, by unanimous consent.
I hope no objection will be made, but that this
course will be taken.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. MILLSON. I move, then, to recommit
the resolution to the Committee on Rules; and
upon that motion I demand the previous question.
Mr. WARREN. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the motion, and permit me to offer an
amendment which I desire should be adopted.
Mr. BAYLY". Is it in order to move to lay the
resolution upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BAYLY. I move to lay it upon the table.
Mr. EW1NG. I believe no remarks have been
made except upon one side of this question. I
appeal to gentlemen to allow something to be said
in opposition to it, before debate is stopped upon it.
Mr. CAMPBELL? I hope the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] will allow the question to
be taken upon the motion of his colleague, and
have it referred to the Committee on Rules.
Mr. BAYLY. If I were not absolutely and
unqualifiedly opposed to the resolution, I should
ha\e no objection io its going back to the com-
mittee which reported it; but such are my convic-
tions of its impropriety that I cannot withdraw
the motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Would a motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union be now in order?
The SPEAKER. It would not. It is a peculiar
order of the House that we are now acting under.
The report of the committee must be considered,
to the exclusion of all uther business, anything m
the rule3 of the House to the contiary notwith- ,
standing. It is peremptory. j
Mr. WARRfiN. I would appeal to the gentle- j
man from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] to withdraw his j
motion that the report of the Committee on Rules j
be laid upon the table, so that 1 may offer an j
amendment, which I am sure will meet with the !
approbation of the House. '
Mr. MILLSON. Having introduced the reso- j
lution, I think that it is competent^orme to with- j
draw the call for the previous question, the motion
to recommit, and the resolution itself. i
The SPEAKER. Still, the motion that the i
resolution be laid upon the table intervenes. :
Mr. BAYLY. And I do not withdraw that '
motion to lay upon the table. j
The SPEAKER. The report of the Commit- '
tee on Rules is in the possession of the House, 1
and the Chair decides that it is not competent for |
the particular member of thaf committee who !
made it, or the committee itself, to withdraw it. j
Mr. MILLSON. My only desire was to pre- j
vent the consumption of time. j
The question was then taken, and the motion \
was agreed to—there being, on a division—ayes ;
107, noes not counted. I
So the report of the Committee on Rules was 1
laid upon the table. j
QUESTION OP PRIVILEGE. \
Mr. LYON. I rise to a question of privilege. '
I voted yesterday in favor of the motion to com-
mit the Nebraska and Kansas bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, but
do not find my name this morning on the record. ,
I now ask that it may be placed there. I
Mr. WALSH. 1 object. j
Mr. WHEELER, and several other Members, j
He has the right to do it. j
The SPEAKER. As objection has been made, ]
the gentleman can only have his name placed upon
the record by a vote of the House.
Mr. WALSH. As the gentleman is particu-
larly anxious to get his name upon the record, I
withdraw my objection.
It was then ordered that the name of Mr. Lyons
should be placed upon the record as voting in the
affirmative.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move, Mr.
Speaker, that the vote by which the report from
the Committee on Rules was laid upon the table
be reconsidered, and to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules besus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. A report from the Commit- 'I
tee on Enrolled Bills will be first received. ;!
REPORT FROM COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED ,
BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported back as correctly enrolled the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutions, which thereupon j
severally received the signature of the Speaker: :
Joint resolution for settling the accounts of A. <
Boyd Hamilton; I
■ An act for the relief of Gray, McMurdo & Com- j
IP&ny; . :
i Joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of the i
: Treasury and Light-House Board to determine '
' upon the site, plan, and mode' of constructing the
light-house on CohassetRocks, and for other pur-
poses;
; An act to amend an act entitled an act to divide
the State of Arkansas into two judicial districts,
' approved March 3,1853;
1 An act for the relief of William Mayo, of the
' State of Maine;
: An act for the relief of the United States troops
i who were sufferers by the recent disaster to the I
; steamship San Francisco; and a resolution ac-
; cepting certain volumes and medals presented by '
Her Britannic Majesty's Government to the United !
States.
| The question was then taken on Mr. Hors-
| ton's motion, and it was agreed to; there being, t
I on a division—ayes 107, noes not counted. i
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Phelps in
the chair )
Mr. MILLSON obtained the floor.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the first bill in
order on the Calendar was House bill (No. 46)
" making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian Department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1855."
Mr. BOCOCK. I desire to ask a question in
regard to the order of business. I believe that,
under the rules, when a bill is called in its order
on the Calendar, any member can object to its
consideration, and that thereupon the question must
be put to the committee whether that bill shall be
considered or not. My object is to get up, if I
possibly can do so, the bill to authorize the con-
struction of six steam frigates.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Virginia will suspend for a moment, the rale to
which he refers will be read.
The 135th rule was then read, as follows:
"In Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
the hills shall be taken up and disposed of in their order on
the Calendar; but when objection is made to the consider-
ation of a bili, a majority of the committee shall decide,
without debate, whether it shall be taken up and disposed
of, or laid aside; provided that general appropriation bills,
and, in time of war, bills for raising men or money, and
bills concerning a treaty of peace, shall be preferred to all
other bills, al the discretion of the committee ; and, when
demanded by any member, the question shall be first put
in regard to "them."
The CHAIRMAN. If objection be made to
the consideration of this bill, the first question that
will be propounded is: " Will the committee pro-
ceed to the consideration of this bill?" If they de-
cide that they will not proceed to its consideration
at this time, then the next bill upon the Calendar
will be in order, and so on until the committee
shall decide what bill they desire to take up and
consider.
Mr. MILLSON resumed the floor.
Mr. BOCOCK. Will my colleague yield Bie
the floor for a moment for the purpose of enabling
me to understand the position of things with re-
gard to the Calendar? I desire to know how
many bills there are upon the Calendar before the
bill authorizing the construction of six steam
frigates >
The CHAIRMAN. But two.
Mr. BOCOCK. I shall then object to the con-
sideration of this bill and the next at this time.
Mr. ORR I think that we can dispose of this
Indian appropriation bill to-day, It is very im-
portant that it should be passed immediately, and
I hope that it will not be laid aside.
Mr. HENN. Is it a general appropriation bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. MILLSON. I rose a moment since for
the purpose of suggesting to the committee the
propriety of postponing the Indian appropriation
bili, for the purpose of taking up the bill indi-
cated by my colleague, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Bocock.] 1 have
therefore not the least objection to the suggestion
which he has made. I should prefer myself that
the House would postpone the consideration of
the Indian appropriation bill, and take up the bill
in relation to the construction of steam frigates.
If the committee, however, think proper to refuse
the request made by my colleague, and agree to
take up for consideration the Indian appropriation
bill, I shall then avail myself of my right to the
floor to submit a few remarks.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remark
that this question is not debatable.
i Mr. ORR. I rise to a point of order. I desire
1 to know whether an objection by a single member
| requires the Chairman to put the question of post-
; ponement to the committee upon a general appro-
i priation bill, such as this is?
! The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
j Chair it does.
! Mr. ORR. The question is then 
j' The CHAIRMAN. Debate is out of order.
! Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire to ask the Chair
I this question: If the consideration of the Indian
1 appropriation bill is postponed, can we take it up
| again befoie we get through with the Calendar?
i The CHAIRMAN. That is not a question
| which the Chair feels called upon to decide; far
