1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1427
enhanced value to the arm. Tins caused its general intro-
duction, and enabled the patentee to dispose of the vast
number, which has changed his early losses into such
abundant profits. A reasonable share of these should be
credited to his last invention.
Such a course will appear the more just, when it Is rec-
ollected that the applicant charges the invention we are
now considering, with the early losses to which he was
subjected in the endeavor to bring his pistol into geneial use.
He even goes back, in this reckoning, to a time anterior to
the date of the present invention, and makes up an account,
in the total of $>60,000, to cover his expenses, and losses of
time and money. This debit accrued in the endeavor to
introduce the -whole -pistol, including the subjects of both
patent?. But it would seem, further, as though the appli-
cant intended the wh61e of this debit against the subject of
the second patent. At all events, there is no doubt but he
intended a full proportion of that charge to s tand airamst
the patent now sought to be extended. Why, then, should
not the subject ot this patent be credited with us share of
the profits?
But the applicant avers, under oath, that the patent now
sought to be extended has thus far been of no service,
"and that for the purpose of his manufacture, and the
profits thereof, he would have been a« well off ifihe im-
provements described in the patent of 1839 had been public
property. If this is correct, it furnishes a strong aigumerit
against the extension now -ought.
The reasons given bv the applicant for the conclusion
above stated, are, that the patent of 1836 has till tins time
piotected the improvements patented in 1839, and that
therefore the whole benefit of iho-e improvements eould
have been monopolized thus far without a patent.
Now, the patent of 183b has been extended to I8.Y7. If
the fir«t patent has protected the subject of the second up
to this date, it will do the same thing—for aught that ap-
pears—for four years longer. The profits already received
have all acciued within the last six years. From the in-
creased extent of the manufacture and use of these pistols,
the profit", in the four years to come, will probably equal
those for th-ef-ix years past; so that the aggregate amount
of profits resulting from the inventions embiaced m his two
patents-—even without an extension ot the patent of 1K39
—will probably amount to near $5,000,000.
The view evidently taken ot this subject by the appli-
cant is that he is entitled to an extension of his patent un-
less he has dertvi'i\ fio-mthe patent already granted a suffi-
cient compensation for his invention. Such is not the law.
To justify an extension of tins patent, the Commissioner
must he satisfied that the applicant, without neglect or
fault on his part, has failed to obtain " f'toia ihe use and
sale oj his invention" a reasonable remuneration lor the
time, ingenuity, and expense bestowed upon the same.
[Jlct of 1>36, Sciion 18.]
It matters not, then, whether the applicant has realized
onedollarin consequence of the patent of IKW, provided
the invention lias given him a fair remuneration. If the
patent of 1836, which has been extended to 1857, has pro-
tected the subject of the patent of 1839, and theieby enabled
the inventor to reap the full benefit of this latter invention,
he is no more entitled to an extension than though the
whole advantage had grown out of the patent of 183().
The burden of proof to show that a proper case for an
extension exists is thrown upon the applicant. In this
respect he has wholly failed. Neither hi<? sworn statement,
nor the testimony of the witnesses who were swoin m the
case, shows that he ha* not received from his inunhon a
sufficiently liberal compensation ; but, on the rontiary, a
degree of success and prosperity is shown, which I can
only wish were more generally realized by the authors of
ail other useful inventions.
The extension is therefore denied.
CHARLES MASON, Commissioner.
United States Patent Office, Jlugust 29,1853.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I have here a
reply to that document, being the correspondence
between the chairman of the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Commissioner of Patents, which I
desire to have read.
The Clerk read the correspondence, as follows:
Washington, January 7, 1854.
Silt: An application has been made to Congress, bj?
Samuel Colt, for an extension of his patent, dated Febru-
ary, 1836, and a statement of the profits resulting from his
manufacture has been laid before the Committee on Patents
in the House, showing the fact that all of the profits which
Colonel Colt has reakzed have been invested m machinery
and tools for the manufacture itself. Since the committee
reported toCongress, my attention has been called toade-
ei-ion made by you, on the application of Colonel Colt, for
the extension of anothei patent for some impiovenieut** to
his original invention, last "summer, in whiHi you «tato,in
substance, that Mr, Colt had realized a million of dollars
out ot his invention; and that this fact had been proved by
witnesses in the presence of Mr. Colt's counsel, who vir-
tually conceded the point.
As this statement differs entirely from thaf which Colo-
nel Colt has now laid before Congress, and shows a piofit
of more than twice ;is much as now appears, and as the
decision of the Commisstonei of Patentsearries with it the
weight of judicial sanction, I have called upon the counsel
of Mr. Colt for an explanation. He assures me that you
have been deceived, bv some means, into making the
statements that the testimony was taken in the pretence of
counsel, and tiiat the profits had been a million of dollars.
He assures me that all the testimony which wa-; taken on
the question of profits was taken during hi« absence from
New York, and entnely ex parte* and that he never knew
of it till too late to correct it; and, further, that the evidence
was given by workmen who had been ernploved m making
cheap infringements of Colt's patent tor a company which
had been enjoined by him, and that their e«nn ates were
formed on the ba«is of their own spm ions imitations, with-
out any knowledge of the facts or co«t of production. If
this be so, as I have no doubt it is, justice requires that the
error should be corrected. The facts are simple, and theie
should be no confusion about them. Mr. Colt's counsel
informs me that Mr. George Gifford, of New York, who is
the counsel for Young and Leavitt, the opponents of Colt's
extension, is now in the city, and knows the truth of the
matter; and that Mr. Gilford's character is such that he
would not hesitate to do justice to his opponent m any
matter where wrong has been done. The most effectual
way in which this matter could be set right would be to wine
to Mr. Gifford and request an answer to two questions:
First, whether the testimony in the extension case relative
to the profits of Colonel Colt was not taken ex parte en-
tirely? and, second, whether the estimates on which the
decision was made were not given by workmen who had
been tmployed in infringements of Colt's patent, and who
estimated by the cost of producing imitation aims? And
I respectfully suggest that an inquiry of this sort coming
from you, whose decision is cited to prove what is thus
solemnly denied, would be the proper way to arrive at the
truth. Itespecifully yours,
B. B. THURSTON, Chairman.
Hon. C. Mason, Commissioner of Patent
United States Patent Ofhce, January 9, 1854.
Sir: Yours of the 7th was received this morning. I im-
mediately inclosed it to Mr. Gifford, with a request that
he would reply to the interrogatories therein suggested, and
I herewith forward you his reply.
The statement made in my decision of the application
for an extension of Colonel Colt's patent, was fully war-
ranted by the testimony before me—the magistrate having
certified that the applicant's counsel was present at the
examination of the witnesses, and declined asking any
cross interrogators.
J will state further, that the counsel of Colonel Colt
seemed to lest his case on the points of law alluded to in
my decision. If these had been decided in his favor, it
will r  adily be seen that the testimony would have been
immaterial. He took no testimony on the point of profits,
and apparently paid no regard to that subject.
I remain yours, very truly,
CHARLES MASON.
Hon. B. B. Thurston.
National Hotel, )
Washington, January, 1854. )
Sir: In reply to your letter of the 7th instrant, I have
to say that it will give me great pleasure to make any state-
ment of facts which will prevent injustice to any one, and
especially in regard to any proceeding m which r have been
engaged as counsel. In relation to the matter on which
you desire information, the tacts are—that the testimony
which was taken in that case, to prove the profits of Mr.
Colt, was taken in the absence of Mi. JDicker&on.Mr. C«lt\s
counsel, and, therefore, without crocs-examination. The
proper and legal notice had been given to Mr. Oiekerson to
attend, but he was engaged m the argument ot a cause out
o! town, and the time for taking testimony had so nearly
expired as to not admit of postponement. A clerk from
Mr. Dickerson's office attended the examination, and stated
the fact of Mr. Dickerson's absence, and declined to cross-
examine, as he said he knew nothing of the subject, and
had no authority to do so.
In regaid to the second question propounded, I have only
to s-ay, that I was infoimed that the witnesses which were
examined on the cost of manufacture had been engaged in I
the manufacture of ariu^j which were adjudged hv the
courts to be an infringement of Mr. Colt's patent, and m
consequence of which I considered them the better quali-
fied to speak of the cost of production. Whether the anus
which were made by them were as good or as expensive as
those made by Mr Colt, I do not know. My questions to
these witnesses were based upon the assumption that they
had all the proper machinery with which to operate, and
on that assumption I inquired what, in their judgment, it
would cost to make the arms.
Veiy respectfullv, vour«,
GEO KG IS GIFFORD.
Hon. Charles Mason, Commissioner of Patents.
Mr. PEC EC. I understand that the chairman
of the committee who reported this bill is not pre-
pared to speak on the subjpct now; and he makes
the request that I shall withdraw my motion. As
an act'of Courtesy to him I do so.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move that
the committee pass ov«r the bill informally for the
present.
The motion was agreed to,
CHARLES LEE JONES.
The next bill on the Calendar which came up
for consideration was House bill (No. 63) " for
the relief of Charles Lee Jones."
The bill, which was read, authorizes and directs
the Secretary of War to cause the claims pre-
sented to that Department by C. Lee Jones, for
expenses incurred and services rendered in rais-
ing, subsisting, and transporting three companies
of volunteers mustered into the service of the Uni-
ted States, during the war against Mexico, to be
settled according to the principles of equity, not 1
to exceed $2,000, and to be in full for said claims.
Thereportaccompanymgthe bill was then read. ;
Mr. MACE. I discover lhat Mr. Faulkner, !
the gentleman who reported this bill, is absent. I :
therefore move that it be informally laid aside. \
The motion was agreed to. !
HENRY LEWIS. j
The next bill in order upon the Calendar was j
House bill (No. 98) " for the relief of Henry j
Lewis, of Clinton county, Indiana." I
The bill provides that Henry Lewis, of Clinton
county, Indiana, be authorized to enter, free of
cost, except the fees to the land officers, forty
acres of land, out of any lands subject to private
entry, at any land office in the United States, or
the territories thereof, in full of his claim for
money paid Charles Tyler, register of the land
office at Crawfordsville, Indiana, on the 18th of
January, 1837, being fifty dollars.
From the report which was read it appears that
the petitioner, on the 18th January, 1837, went to
the Crawfordsville land office for the purpose of
purchasing the northeast quarter of the southwest
quarter of section five, in township twenty-three,
north of range one west; that at that time the
office of receiver of public moneys was tempora-
rily vacant; but the register of the land office,
Charles Tyler, told petitioner to leave the money
with him, and he would see that the land was
duly enteied so soon as the office of receiver was
filled. The petitioner being not well versed in
such things, and supposing one land officer as re-
sponsible as another, left his money with said
Tyler, to wit, fifty dollars, and took from him a
receipt, as follows:
Crawfordsvit.i.e, IRth. January, 1837.
Received of Henry Lewis, fifty dollars, to he applied to
the purchases of the northeast quartei of southwest quarter
section five, twenty-three, one west, when the receiver is
CHARLES TYLER.
in commission.
That said Tyler marked said land as entered on
the plats in his office The petitioner, believing
that he had in fact purchased said land, took pos-
session of it, and remained in possession, making
valuable improvements, for ten years, when he
was informed that his land had been purchased by
one Rufus A. Lockwood. He then had a full in-
vestigation of all the facts, and found that said
Tyler had pocketed his money, and that he had
no title whatever for said lancf; but that the title
was fully invested in said Lockwood, to whom
he surrendered possession.
Mr. MACE. If the committee will give me
their attention for one moment, I will explain fully
the nature of this case. A gentleman by the name
of Lewis, a poor man, had accumulated the sum
of fifty dollars, and went to the Crawfordville
land office for the purpose of entering forty acres
of land. A vacancy had occurred in the office of
receiver, in consequence of thedeath of that officer.
The register of the land office, Mr. Tyler, told
him to leave his money with him, and that the
moment a receiver was appointed he would see
that the forty acres should be entered according to
his application. Lewis being an ignorant man,
left his money with Mr. Tyler, supposing, as a
matter of course, that his purchase would be made
complete, and the title of the lands placed in his
hands. Well, sir, he located upon thelands, and
made improvements to the amount of J7Q0 or $800.
It was ascertained that his lands werestill vacant,
and,as is the practice,a resale took placc. All the
vacant lands in that district were resold, those
purchased by Lewis included. He then came
here and asked Congress to refund him the money
paid by him to Tyler; and also to pay him for the
improvements he had made. His petition was
laid before the Committee of Claims during the
last Congress, and again during the present ses-
sion. We thought it would hardly do to pay him
for the improvements; but inasmuch as a Govern-
ment officer had defrauded him out of his money,
we thought it would be proper to allow him to
locate forty acres of land free of cost, upon any
lands in the United States subject to entry, and
we have reported a bill to that effect.
I move that the bill be reported to the House,
with a recommendation that it do pass; and upon
that motion I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hlndricks
and Millson were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 79, noes 7; no quorum voting.
Mr. BRIDGES. I move that the committee
do now ri.se.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not now
in order. No quorum having voted, the roll must
be called.
The roll was then called, the committee rose,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair, the
Chairman reported that the Committee of the
Whole House had had the Private Calendar gen-
erally under consideration, and finding itself with-
out a quorum, had caused the roll to be called,
