228d
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
From Petersburg, by Templeton, Newville
Littleton, Parmer's Grove, Assamoomck, and
Vicksville, to Jerusalem.
From Petersburg, by Prince George ri.,
Gareysville, Cabin Point, Surry C. H , Bacon's
Castle, Burwell's Bay, Sraithfield, and Chucka-
tuck, to Suffolk.
From Petersburg, by Union Grove, Black water,
Baileysburg, Green Level, Berlin, and Bowers,
to Jerusalem.
From Petersburg, by Dinwiddie C. H., Kitcn-
ieville, and Goodwinsville, to Wyoming.
From Petersburg, by Sutherland, Ford's Depot,
Mount Level, Wilson's Depot, Wellsville, Blacks
and Whites, Nottaway C. H., Burkesville, Rice
Depot, Farmvilie, Prospect, and Mernman s
Shop, to Appomattox Depot.
From Petersburg to City Point.
From Petersburg, by Dinwiddie C. H., Wyom-
ing, Sturgeonsville, Burntvilli, Lewisville, Forks-
ville, South Hill, Lombardy Grove, Cedana, and
Boydtown, to Randolph, Macon College.
From Peterstown, by Shanklin's Ferry and
Mercer Salt Works, to Princeton.
From Peterstown, by Gap Mill, to Sweet
Springs.
From Pine Grove, by Bowman s Mills and
Adaline, to Moundsville.
From Piedmont, by Paris and Millwood, to
Winchester.
From Pickaway Plains, Monroe county, by
Rocky Point, Wolf Creek, Snopesville, and
Patuck's Peak, to Cedar Giove, Egypt, on the
Red and Blue Sulphur Turnpike.
From Pittsylvania C. H., by Calland's Sandy
River, Leatherwood's Store, Martinsville, Tray-
lorsville, Horse Pasture, Penn's Store, and May-
oning, to Patrick C. H.
From Pittsylvania C. H., by Berger's Store
and Sandy Hill, to Union Hall.
From Point Pleasant, by Pleasant Flat and Sal-
isbury, to Pomeroy, Ohio.
From Pomeroy, Ohio, by Minersville, Gra-
ham's Station, and Letart Falls, to Apple Grove.
From Poplar Hill, by Mechanicsburg, to Sha-
ron .
From Portsmouth to Hargrove s Tavern.
From Portsmouth, by Suffolk, Carsville, Frank-
lin Depot, Murfee's Depot, Newson Depot, Boy-
kin's Depot, Branchville, Meherin Depot, Seaport,
and Garysburg, to Weldon, North Carolina.
From Powhatan to Smithville.
From Princess Ann, Maryland, by Newtown,
Wag ram, Virginia, and New Church, to Horn-
town.
"From Princeton, by Spanishburgand Flat Top,
to Shady Springs.
From Princeton to Wytheville.
From Princeton to Ginseng, in Wyoming
county.
From Putnam C. H., by Hurricane Bridge and
Sycamore Grove, to intersect the route from Ka-
nawha C. H. to Wayne C. H., at Hamlin.
From Raleigh C. H., by Big Cole and Boone's
Mills, to Peytona.
From Railroad, near Dam No. 6, on the Poto-
mac, to Clabaugh's Mills, in Morgan county.
From Reed's Mills to Wilson M. Haymond's,
in Upsher county.
From Red Bluff, by Buffalo Ford and Speed-
well, to Blue Spring.
From Republican Grove, by Meadville, to
Halifax C. H.
From Richmond, by Manchester Coal Mines,
Hallsboro', Flint Creek, Powhatan, Macon, Balls-
ville, Cumberland C. H., Langhorne's Tavern,
and Raine's Tavern, to Farmvilie.
From Richmond, by Black Heath, Hallsboro',
The Union, Appomattox Depot, Winterham,
Amelia C. H., Jetersville, Jenning's Ordinary,
Buikesville, Green Bay, Moore's Ordinary,
Drake's Branch, and Keysviile, to Staunton
River.
From Richmond, by Gregory's Tavern, Goode's
Tavern, Winter Rock, and Skin Quarter, to
Amelia C. H.
From Richmond, by Hanover C. H. to Junc-
tion.
From Richmond, by Chiekahomeney, Good-
all's, Montpelier.iSfegro Foot,Etnao, LcustCreek,
Jackson, and Long Creek, to Frederickshall.
From Richmond, by City Point, Swineyard,
andWilliamsburg Landing, and Newport's News,
to Norfolk.
From Richmond, by Westham Locks, Beaver
Dam, Loch Lomond, Pemberton, Cartersville,
Columbia, New Canton, Seven Islands, Scotts-
ville, Warren, Howardsville, Warminster, Hard-
wtcksville, Tye-River-Warehouse, Allen's Creek,
Gait's Mills, Selma, Lynchburg, Holcomb s
Rock, Big Island, Balcom Falls, and Rock Point
Mills, to Pattonsburg.
From Richmond, by Erin Shades, Coal Hill,
Rockville, Johnson's Spring, Perkinsville, Gum
Springs, Mitchell's Store, Shannon Hill, Bell s
Cross Roads, and Poindexter's Store, to Trevil-
lian's Depot.
From Richmond, by Proctor's Creek, toPeters-
bUpVom Richmond, by New Kent C. H., Bar-
hamsville, Burnt Oidmary, Williamsburg, York-
town, ana Half-Way House, to Hampton.
From Richmond, by Old Church, Sharonville,
Aylett's, Fleetwood Academy, and Miller's Tav-
ern, to Tappahannock.
From Ripley to North Bend Mills.
From Rockcastle, by Kendrick Spur, to Mead-
ows of Dan.
Fiom Rocky Mount, by Retreat, Simpson s
Long Branch, Little River, and Cannaday's Gap,
to Floyd C. H.
From Rocky Mount, by Long Branch and Can-
naday's Ga :>, to Floyd C. H.
From Rock Mount, by Bonbrook, Cooper s
Cross Roads, Chamblissburg, Emaus, Horeb, and
Bunkerhill, to Liberty.
From Rocky Mount, by Snydersville, Oak
Level, Prillaman's, and Elamsville, to Patrick
C H
From Romney, by Burlington, Ridgeville, New
Creek, New Creek Depot, Winston, North Branch
Bridge, German Settlement, Cheat Bridge, Fel-
lowsville, Evansville, Three Forks, Pruntytown,
and Budtfeport, to Clarksburg.
From Romney, by Springfield, to Green Spring
Run.
From Romney, by Pureitsville, to Moorfield.
From Rose's Mills to Temperance, in Amherst
county.
From New Valley, by Big Meadows, to Mouth
of Wilson.
From Rye Valley, by Two-Mile Branch, Sin-
clair's Bottom, Love's Mills, Liberty Hall, Laurel,
and Clark's Mills, to Abingdon.
From Ruckmaosville, Highland county, by
Wade's Store, to Huntersville.
From Russell's Mills, by Sylvan Mills, to St.
Mary's, Pleasants county.
From Salisbury, North Carolina, by Maxville,
Virginia, Hamptonville, Jonesville, Island Ford,
State Road, Roaring Gap, Gap Civil, and Inde-
pendence, to Wytheville.
From Salem, by Cave Spring, to Jacksonville,
Floyd county, Floyd C. H.
From Scottsvilie, by Garland's, North Garden,
Batesville, and Yancey's Mills, to Greenwood
Depot.
From Sharon, by Olympia, Chatham Hill,
Broadford, and Saltville, to Abingdon.
From Sharonville, by Acquinton, Piping Tree
Ferry, and King William C. H., to Lanesville.
From Shawsville, in Montgomery county, up
the South Fork of Roanoke River, by Allegany
Springs, to Simpson's, Floyd county.
From Shepherd's Grove, by Kellysville and
Brandy, to Culpeper C. II.
From Shepherdstown, by Sharpsburg, Mary-
land, and Reedysville, to Boonsboro'.
From Shepherdstown to Sharpsburg.
From Sistersville, by Middlebourne, Wick,
Hebron, and Highlands, to Schumla.
From Sistersville, by Middlebourne and Shirley,
to New Salem
From South Quay, by Factory Hill, North
Carolina, and Holy Neck, Virginia, to Somer-
ton.
From Sperryville to Robsonville.
From Stewartstown, by Stafford C. H.,to Rail-
road.
From Stanardsville toPlunketand Harkstep's
Store, in Green county.
From Stanardsville, by Conrad's Store and
McGaheysville, to Harrisonburgh.
From Staunton river, by Bentleysville, Scotts-
burg, Halifax C. H.,Church Hill, Brooklyn, and
Laurel Grove, to Danville.
From Staunton, by Lexington, Summers, Nat-
ural Bridge, and Pattonsburg, to Fincastle.
From Staunton, by Mint Spring, Greenville,
Steele's Tavern, Canicello, Fairfield, and Timber
Ridge, to Lexington.
From Staunton, by West View, Deerfield,Green
Valley, and Bath Alum, Bath C. H., Hot Springs,
Miller's Mill, Morris Hill, Callaghan's, and White
Sulphur Springs, to Lewisburg.
From Staunton, by Churchville, Jenning's Gap,
Lebanon, White Sulphur Springs, McDowell,
Monterey, Havener's Store, Traveller's Repose,
and Huttonsville, to Beverly.
From Staunton, by West View and other offices,
to Lewisburg.
From Stony Creek Warehouse, by Parham's
Store and Coman's Well, to Sussex C. H.
From Sweet Springs, by Gap Mills, to Union.
From Swineyard's to Charles City C. H.
From Swineyard's to Waddell's Store, in
Charles City county.
From Tappahannock to Warsaw.
From Tappahannock, by Dunnsville, Centre,
Montague, Jamaica, Church View, Urbanna,
Free Shade, Locust Hill, Saluda, Glenn's, and
New Upton, to Gloucester C. H.
From Taylorsville to Hanover C. H.
From Tazewell C. H., by Head of Clinch,
Abb's Valley, and Tug River, to Ginseng.
From Thompson's Cross Roads, by Ambler's
Mills, to South Anna.
From Traveller's Repose, by Green Bank and
Dunmore, to Huntersville.
From Turkey Cove, by the Little Stone Gap,
to the Big Glades, in Russell county.
From Tye River Warehouse, by New Glas-
gow, Sandidges, Buffalo Springs, Oronoco, and
Buena Vista Furnace, to Lexington.
From Upshur C. [I., by Beachtown, French
Creek, Walkersville, Cunningham's, thence to
Alexander Skinner's, on the Oil Creek, down Oil
Creek to the Little Kanawha River, to Gilmer
C. H.
From Upshur C. H., by French Creek, Walk-
ersville, Collins's Settlement, Forks of Oil Creek,
along the Little Kanawha River, to Gilmer C. H.
From Walker's Church,by Merryman's Shop,
Harvey's Store, Red House, and Woodlawn, to
Concord.
From Wardensville, by Baker's Run and Fa-
bius, to Moorfield.
From Warrenton, by New Baltimore and
Buckland, to Gainesville.
From Warrenton, by Salem, Fauquier, and
Oak Hill, to Paris.
From Warrenton, by Warrenton Springs and
Jeffersonville, to Oak Shade.
From Warsaw, by Rice's Store, Hague, Kin-
sale, Old Ham's Cross Roads, Union Village,
Lottsburg, Heathsville, Wicomoco Church, Kil-
marnock, Lancaster C. H., Litwalton, Farn-
ham, and Durrettsville, to Warsaw.
From Warsaw, by Durrettsville, Farnham,
Litwalton, Lancaster C. H., Kilmarnock, Wico-
moco Church, Heathsville, Lottsburg, Union Vil-
lage, Oldham's Cross Roads, Kmsale, Hague,
and Rice's Store, to Warsaw.
From Warsaw, by Lyell's Store, Montross,
Rice's Store, Hague, Kinsale, to Oldham's Cross
Roads.
From Waterford, by Hoysville, to Lovettsville.
From Wattsborough, by Barry's Bridge and
Drapersville, to Boydton.
From Weston, by the Weston and Gauley's
Bridge Turnpike, to Gauley's Bridge, in Fayette
county.
From Weston to Fork Lick.
From Weston to Phillippi, in Barbour county.
From Weston, by Little Skin Creek, Big Skin
Creek, Bennett's Mills, Ireland, Bulltown, Salt
Lick Bridge, and Flatwoods, to Braxton C. H.
From Weston, by Fink's Creek and New Mil-
ton, to West Union.
From Washington, District of Columbia, by
Alexandria, Glymont, Game Point, Fredericks-
burg, Guiney's, Aquia Creek, Milford, Ruther
Glenn, Junction, Taylorsville, and Slash Cottage,
to Richmond.
From Washington, District of Columbia, by
Georgetown, Langley, Virginia, Prospect Hill,
Springvale,Dranesville, Belmont, Leesburg, Ham-
ilton, Purcellsville, Snickersville, Castleman s
Ferry, and Jerryville, to Winchester.
From Washington, District of Columbia, by
Alexandria, Virginia, Anandale, Fairfax C. H.,
Centreville, Groveton, Beckhamsville, Walnut
