1428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
and had directed him to report the names of the
absentees to the Houae.
The following is the list of the absentees:
Messrs'. Aiken, James C. Alien, Ashe,Thomas EI. ISayiy,
Banks, Barksitnte, Bell, Bennett, Benton, Bisaell, Blis=,
Boyce, Breckinridge, Bugs, Campbell, Caruthers, Chand-
ler, Chase, Chrisman, Clingman, Cook, Cox, Craige, Cul-
lom,Cumimng,Cutting, Dean, Dent,De Witt,Disney, Dun-
ham, Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton, John M. Elliott, English,
Ethendge, Ewing, Parley, Faulkner, Penton, Florence,
Franklin,Gamble, Green, Grey, Grow, Hamilton, Andrew
J. Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Harrison,
Henn, Hibbard, Hiester, Hill, Inyer^oll, J. Glancy Jonea,
Roland Jones, Kent, Kittredge, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane, I.etch-
cr, Lindley, Lyon, Maedonald, Mi-Dougall, McMullin,
McNair, McUuoen, 'Matteson,Maurice, Mayall, Mrarham,
Middleswartb, Morrison, Noble, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Mor-
decai Oliver, I'acker, Parker, Peckham, Pennington, Phil-
Hps, Powell, Preston, Richardson, Rogers, Rowo, Sapp,
Seward, Seymour, Shannon, Simmons, Singleton, Gerrit
Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Sollers,
Hestor L. Stevens, Stratton, Andiew Stuart, John L.
Taylor, Tweed, Walbndge, Walker, Walsh, Warren,
John Wentworth, Westbrook, Wheeler, Wilte. Heiulrick
R. Wright, Yates, and Zolhcofler.
The SPJEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Jonj.s, of
Tennessee.) The Chair reports only one hundred
and fifteen members present—no quorum.
• Mr. HAVEN. 1 move that there be a cull of
the House.
Mr. FLAGLER. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the yea*and niiys
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 move that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. HOUSTON. The motion is not in order. j
There was no quorum on the last vote. !
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion is j
not in order. Less than a quorum cannot adjourn |
over. i
The question was taken on Mr. Flagler's I
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
32, nays 90; as follows: !
YKAS—Mcssrs. Abeu-ronibie, Bridge*, Carpenter, Cor- j
win,Curtis,Thomas Duvi-i, Dawson, Diclt, Flagler, Fuller, I
(juidinys. (iood<\ Haven. Hill, IIu«h<w, Hum, .lohnion, !
Knox, Murray, Noiion, P<H'k, Penmiiijlon, Bishop Per-
kins, Kiddle, tfahm, Skeitou, William Smith, Richard IT.
riumton, Thurston, ITpliant, Wade, and WnJkt'i—It-i.
NAVK—Messrs. James (J. Alien, Willis Allen, Apple- .
ton, Uavtd J. ll.uk'y, Thomas 11. liayly, Hall, Harry, Bel- j
ehei, Benson, Clis*-, Hocoek, L'a^kie, Chamberlain,
Chnmllor, ChuiehweJI, Cl'irk, Cnbb, Colquitt, Crocker, |
John G. Davis, Dickinson, Dowdell, Drum, Dunbar, Kddy, ]
Kdimmds, Thomas I) Khot, Illlison, Llwing, (Joodricli, !
Greenwood, Aaioit Harlan, Hasting, Hendricks, Iiillyer, j
Houston, OatuelT. Jones, (.eorge W. Jones, Roland Jones,
Kerr, Kidwell, Lamb, Latham, LuuMrj, McCulloc h, Me-
Dougull. M( Mullin, Maee, Mary, Maxwell, Muv, Middles-
warth, John O. Mtller, Smith Milh'i, Morgan, Nichols,
Pcrkham, John Perkins, Phelps, Pralt, Pringlc, Puiye.ir,
Ready, Reeae, David Ritchie, Thomas KUchey, KoIiIhih,
IUiffin, Ba^c, Hewaid, Shaw, Shower, CJeor^e W.
Smyth, Hector L- Stevens, Strnub, David' Stuart, John J.
Taylor, John I, Taylor, Nathaniel G. Tavlor. Trout, Vail,
Variant, Waliey, FJlihu B. Wa«burne, Israel Washburn,
W«llts, Tappau Wcntworih, and Daniel B. Wright—Oft.
So the House refused to adjourn.
A quorum being now present, the Committee
of the Whole House leNUmcd iia aession.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion pending is
lo lay aside btii No. 98, that it may be reported
to the House, with u recommendation that it do
pans. The tellers will resume their places.
Mr. MACE, f hope that by unanimous con-
sent the motion will be agteed to without tellers.
fCriea of " Agreed '"]
No objection being;* made,
The bill way laid aside to br reported to the
Mouse, with a recommendation th&t if pasx.
CAPTAIN fiEOUCI! S1MPTON.
The next bill in < nb*r or: the Calendar wa-4 a
hill (No. 99) "for the relief (if Captain George
Simpton, of Galveston."
The bill proposes to pay ihc- petitioner in this
*,ase the sum of $1,GOO in full payment of his claim
for indemnification for the loss of the schooner
Alert, while he was engaged in the public, .*rrvii e
in the war with Mexico.
Mr. TAYLOR , of Ohio i mo\e that the bill
he laid aside to he reported to the Lioune, with a
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. MACE. I hope that some explanation
will be given of thm case by the gentleman who
reported the bill.
Mr. MILLER, of Missouri. 1 do notknow that
I call makes more clear and succinct statementthan
iscontaineii in the report accompanying the bill;
but 1 will ■state a«, briefly a? 1 can the ftvts of the case
believing myself most sincerely that the bill ought
to pass. The claimant in this case, being the
owner of the.schooner Alert, was employed by the
Government during the war with Mexico to trans-
port supplies from Sacrificios to Camp Bagara, for
the division of the Army under the command of
General Twiggs. While he was thus employed,
the French bark, Jeune Nelly, was captured as
a prize by the United States steamer Hunter, com-
manded by Captain McLaughlin, while attempt-
ing to violate the blockade of Vera Cruz. After
the capture, Captain Simpton,of the schooner
Alert, who was a skillful and experienced pilot,
and who was acquainted with the currents, was
employed by Captain McLaughlin to take the
Hunter with her prize into port. After he
had been thus employed, and after the French
! bark had been taken in tow by the schooner to-
gether with the steamer, a severe "norther,"
I common to the gulf, sprung up, and all three of
! the vessels were driven upon a reef by the vio-
! lence of the storm, and entirely destroyed, the
' officers and men escaping with great difficulty.
J Captain Simpton, who was the owner of the
| schooner, asks that he may be compensated for
j his loss. From the proof before the committee,
! the vessel was estimated by witnesses to be worth
j j3,000, but the committee thought the valuation
I too high, and agreed upon the sum of $1,600as an
indemnity for the loss sustained by the claimant, r
| i believe myself that the owner of the vessel ought j
i to be allowed more than was reported by the com-
! mittee.
' Mr. G1DDINGS. I would inquire of the gen-
| tleman from Missouri whether this vessel was in '|
| the voluntary service of the Government, or I1
I whether it was pressed into the service? '
Mr. MILLER. The claimant in this case was !
employed by the Government for the purpose of !
i transporting supplies to our Army under the com-
mand of General Twiggs; and he was ordered to ;
i, perform the service in which his schooner was j
j destroyed by the officer in command of the ;
li steamer Hunter, that captured the French bark. ;
| Mr. TAYLOR. I move that the bill belaid ,
! aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
! mendatton that it do pass.
I Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. 1
l' call for tellers on that motion.
Tellers wereordered. |
; Mr. ORR. 1 move that the committee do now
!l rise. j
The motion was agreed to.
! So the committee rose; and the Speaker having I
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that i
the Committee of the Whole House on the Pri- '
vate Calendar had had undet consideration lulls ,
Nos. 58, 51), and G3, which the committee had I
passed over informally, and bill No. 98, which i
the committee had ordered to be reported to the ;
House, with a recommendation that it do pass. j
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, then* Secretary, informing the j
House that they had passed a bill and resolutions '
of thefollowing titles:
Resolution (No. 17) giving the con.seftt of Con-
gress to the acceptance by Lieutenant M. F.
Maury, of the Navy, of a gold medal from his ,
Majesty the King of Sweden;
[(.evolution (No. 10) for the relief of Rebecca J
Birdsall; \
Resolution (No. 20) relating to the raft of Red
river; and
An act (No. 401) for the relief of William Duer.
Mr, KRITT. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. On that question
I ask for a division.
The House was divided, but before the an-
nouncement of the vote
Mr. KRITT withdiew his motion, and moved
that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
thereupon (at twenty-five minutes past three
oViock, p. m ) adjourned to to-morrowat twelve
o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Jane 17, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Wiliiam H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
BUSINESS BEFORE THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is on ordering the following bill to he en-
grossed and read a third time: House bill (No. 98)
('for the relief of Henry Lewis, of Clinton county,
Indiana." It is the bill reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole House yesterday.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I desire to make a
motion that the House proceed to the regular
order of business.
Mr. FULLER. Will the gentleman from Or-
egon yield me the floor for a moment?
Mr. LANE. Certainly.
THE NICARAGUA LINE OF STEAMERS.
Mr. FULLER. Before proceeding to the reg-
ular order of business, I desire to report to the
House, from the Committee on Commerce, a bill
passed by the Senate, authorizing a new issue of
registers to the steamers plying between New
York and San Francisco. It is a matter of pri-
vate business, and I hope there will be no objec-
tion to the passage of the bill.
There being no objection, the following bill was
reported back:
S. No. ISO. An act to authorize the issue of
registers to vessels owned by the Accessory
Transit Company.
Mr. FULLER. 1 ask to have the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, which accompanies
the bill, read by the Clerk. It is a short letter,
and is explanatory of the object of the bill.
The letter was read, as follows;
Treasury Department, January %j5, 1854.
Sir: I have the honor to return herewith the petition
which accompanied your letter of the 18th instant, and in-
close a draft, of a bill authorizing the issue of registers to
steamboats and vessels owned by the Accessory Transit
Company, with such conditions and restrictions as seem
to me advisable for the protection of the interests of the
(Jutted States.
1 am, sir, very respectfuilv, your obedient servant,
JAMES GUTHRIE,
Sc'retary of the Treasury.
1 Hon. H. IIa.mi,in, Chairman Committee tut Commerce,
United States Senate.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engiossed, was read
third time, and passed.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I now move that the
House proceed to the regular order of business,
! which is the consideration of bills on the Speaker's
table, and that we take up such territorial bills as
have been considered in the Committee of the
j Whole on the state of the Union, and reported to
j the House.
The SPEAKER. This being private bill day,
! the regular order of business is the consideration
of private bilks.
Mr. LANE. Then 1 withdraw that motion,
and move to take up such territorial bills as were
considered in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union some weeks ago, and as are
now on the Speaker's table. 1 hope the House
will indulge me in this motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 dislike very much to
object to anything which the gentleman from Or-
egon asks; but this day is set apart by the rules
of the House for the consideration of private bills.
We have not acted upon them for some months,
and it is but right that we should now insist on
their receiving consideration.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 hope the
gentleman from Indiana will withdraw his objec-
tion, There are but few territorial bills, and it
will take but a few moments to pass them. I hope
that, by general consent, they will be taken up
and passed. They have all been agreed to by the
Committee of the Whole.
The objection was not withdrawn.
Mr. LANE. Then I will ask the House now
to set apart a day when they will consider ten-
torial business.
The SPEAKER. If the Chair may beallowed
a single suggestion, perhaps it may lead to an ac-
. commodation of all parties. If it be true that these
, territorial bills will give rise to no debate, it will
| take but a few moments to pass them. If it be
the pleasure of the House, oy general consent,
to take up and pass such territorial bills as will
not give rise to debate, the Chair will have those
bills reported.
Mr. HENDRICKS, To that extent I with-
draw my objection.
