1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
719
" You have despoiled them," " You have driven !
them off," and so forth?
Mr. ORR. I allude to the citizens of the United |
States who have gone and settled in those Territo- j
ries, with the permission of the Government. ;
Mr. PECKHAM. Has the Government given
them permission ?
Mr. ORR. The citizens of the United States
have not gone there without permission, for you !
have organized territorial governments there. You i
have made it legitimate for citizens of the United
States to go into the Territories of Utah, New '
Mexico, Oregon, and California. It is by your i
action that they have been induced to go there; !
and I say that the action of the citizens of the !
United States, with the sanction of the Govern- ;
ment, is the act of the Government itself.
Now, sir, I do not know how much credit is to
be reposed in the statements which have come to
us from the Territory of Utah; but if they are to ,,
be credited we are upon the eve of a bloody war !i
with one or more tribes of Indians inhabiting that Ij
region of country. In such a war it is not only ]j
the Mormons who are to be the sufferers; not !|
merely the people who have gone there and ap- ■[
propriarld the vast territory about Salt Lake, but j!
it is the hundreds and thousands of emigrants j!
who annually traverse that country in their mi- ij
gration to and from California and Oregon, who '!
are to be the sufferers from the merciless vengeance ;j
of these savages when aroused.
It is suggested to me, and truly, that in all
probability the murder of Captain Gunnison and
his party, which occurred in Utah, a few months
since, was occasioned by these multiplied wrongs
which you have perpetrated upon that people, j!
We may well suppose that murder, plunder, and j,
robbery will be resorted to, to procure that sub- ji
sistence which the forests now fail to yield them ■'
as in former times. j
Now suppose that a war with one or two of
those tribes m Utah should break out. They are
formidable, numbering fifteen or twenty thousand
each, with perhaps two or three thousand war-
riors; to how mufth annoyance would they not
subject this Government? how many emigrants
would not be stopped upon the road, and how i
many of your citizens slaughtered ? You give the '
citizens permission to go there, and they have the
right to claim that the Government shall protect
them.
I shall also offer an amendment, appropriating
£30,000 for the purpose of making treaties with the
Apaches, Navejos, and Utah Indians of the Terri-
tory of New M exico. These tribes are numerous, J
and some of them fierce and warlike. It is esti-
mated that the Navejo lndiansat this time have in ,
their possession, as captives seized from Mexico, S
and the country adjacent thereto, and from trains j
which have been passing through that Territory, !
more than two hundred and twenty individuals.
These two hundred and twenty individuals, held j
in captivity, are entitled to the protection of this .
Government. Is it right that this Government j
should allow her citizens to be seized by the sav- !
ages in that manner, torn from their homes and :
families,and subjected to severities infinitely worse
than any which excite the horror of some of the
northern fanatics on this floor?
This appropriation is theamount which has been
estimated by. the Department. I doubt myself
whether it is sufficient. It will however answer for
the present as a beginning, and if our agents are
successful other appropriations can hereafter be
made. It is true that one treaty has been entered
into between the Navejo Indians, and another with
the Apaches. , !i
The Government here were made to believe that ij
it wjis a treaty with ail the tribes there, and so ,!
binding upon all these nations; while it turns out, I;
upon examination, that they were made with chiefs :
who were representing only about two hundred ij
Indians; and that it would have required about 'j
eighty chiefs equal in dignity, and each represent- ij
itigas many Indians as those with whom the treaty ,
was made, to have negotiated a treaty that would ;
have been binding upon all the tribes. The result ,
was, that it was acknowledged by only one or two
of thepe bonds, and that the rest have wholly t
disregarded it.
I am fearful that if we succeed in making trea-
ties with all these tribes of wild Indians, that they •
will prove to be insufficient to save our people j
from robbery, rapine, and murder. But, in my il
opinion, the experiment ought to be tried before
force is resorted to. It may be that if you will
make sufficient appropriations for these Indians
upon the plains of New Mexico, Utah, and for
other tribes between our western frontier settle-
ments and the Rocky Mountains—by making your
appropriations sufficiently large to furnish them
with provisions sufficient for their subsistence—
that you can succeed in arresting the outrages
which are constantly being committed upon your
emigrant trains. Jt is worth the experiment, even
if it fails. It is better to secure good order and
good deportment upon the part of the Indians,
peacefully at any cost, rather than to enforce it at
the point of the bayonet.
There is another item to be incorporated in the
bill which proposes to appropriate §100,000 for
defraying the expenses of a council, to be held at
Fort-Benton, on the Upper Missouri,some time in
the courseof the coming summer. It is to beheld
nominally with the Black Feet Indians, it is ex-
pected that all the bands of that tribe will be pres-
ent, and that many other Indians, including the
Flat Heads in the Territories of Washington and
Oregon, west of the Rocky Mountains. These
Black Feet Indians are continually making incur-
sions upon their neighbors in all directions. The
Flat Heads have made considerable progress in
the cultivation of the soil. They have farms which
they cultivate, and on which they raise cattle,
horses, and hogs; butthe Black Feet Indians make
incursions upon them, destroy their crops, and
carry off their property.
Governor Stevens, when he went out last sum-
mer upon a railroad exploring expedition, and to
assume the duties of his office as Governor of
Washington Territory, met representatives of most
of these tribes, and describes them as fierce and
warlike. " Their hand seems to be againstevery
man's, and every man's hand against them." But
it is hoped, that by the council v/hich is to be held,
such an impression will be made upon their minds
as will incline them to a more pacific course of
policy towards our citizens who may be traveling
through their country.
It is supposed that the appropriations required
to defray the expenses of the council will reach
$100,000. The number of Indians present will
piobably be twenty thousand. The council will
probably continue from one to two weeks. During
all this time this vast number must be fed; and
when the cost of the provisions necessary for that
purpose is added to the presents to be made, and
the cost of transporting presents and provisions, it
is mostreasonabletoassumethat$100,000 will not
be too large a sum. Governor Stevens, in his esti-
mates, thinks that a smaller sum, some $70,000,
would be sufficient. The Department has exam-
ined his estimates for the cost of the presents
which it is proposed shall be given to the Indians,
and they find that when the cost of transportation
from New York to St. Louis is added to the other
items, the amount required will be far beyond
what he has estimated it.
It is designed to send these goods to St. Louis,
and thence by steamboat to Fort Benton. To do
this it is necessary that the appropriation shall be
made speedily. The navigation of the Missouri
river is difficult and precarious at all times in low
water; and it is wholly impeded when you get
above the mouth, perhaps, of the Yellow Stone
river; certainly above the mouth of Milk river.
To enable the boat, with the goods and provisions
to be sent the Indians, to reach its destination, it
is necessary that it should leave in April, so as to
reach the Yellow Stone river during the annual
flood of the Missouri, made by the melting of the
snow on the Rocky Mountains. If it be not suc-
cessful in getting off by the middle of April, or the
1st of May, there is no reasonable hope that it will
reach the point designated, and, of course, the
whole movement towards holding a council will
be defeated.
This council is the more necessary for the rea-
son that, in IS50, a similar one was held at Fort
Laramie. The tribes of wild Indians adjacent
thereto were collected, presents were made to
them, treaties of amity and peace were entered
into between them and the Government,and stip-
ulation was made to pay them annuities in goods,
presents, and money for ten years. The Blackfeet,
and half a dozen other tribes of wild Indians on
their borders, have learned of these bounties con-
ferred upon their brethren at Fort Laramie, and
they have become more dissatisfied than ever with
the white man, because they think that the same
j liberality should be extended to them which was
j extended to those of their brethren on the Plains.
! * Now, sir, this is an experiment also. It may
! be that it will not result in good. I have myself
j a very strong hope, a very confident expectation,
| that it will result favorably. I think that if the
I appropriation is passed, we will hear of fewer rob-
i beries perpetrated upon the vast territories be-
J tween this and Oregon. You wiJ] hear of fewer
| of our citizens being murdered; and, sir, if we can
I save the lives of even ten of our citizens, we shall
■ be amply compensated for the expenditure of thfs
$100,000. It may have the effect of humanizing
j these savages, if I may use the expression. They
! have had, heretofore, little intercourse with the
j whites. They are hard to be persuaded of the
! resourcesand improvementsof the whites. They
i do not believe the stories told them of railroads
and steamboats, and of the great cities built by the
white man in the valley of the Mississippi and on
the Atlantic slope. They do not place any reli-
ance whatever on such tales; and if our agents go
there, if we send our steamboats, and our cannon
and pistols, our goods and provisions, presents
and gewgaws, it will have a salutary effect in
impressing them with the great advantages our
friendship can confer, and the great danger which
our hostility may expose them to—it may be, to
turn their minds to the pursuits of agriculture,
rather than the precarious ones of the chase. It
is worth the experiment, at all events; and I hope
; the committee will determine to vote it in when
j the amendment shall be presented. Governor Ste-
! vens lecommends it in the strongest terms; and
■ his recommendation is concurred in by the Com-
! missioner of Indian Affairs and the Secretary of
! the Interior.
There are other amendments which I shall pro-
pose to the bill, but they are not of the conse-
quence of the one of which I have already spoken.
I shall defer their explanation until the five-min-
ute debate shall commence.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As I perceive the
gentleman has brought his remarks nearly to their
close, I would inquire of him what is the aggre-
gate amount of the appropriations he proposes?
Mr ORR. I stated that it would be about
$350,000.
Mr JONES. I wish, then, to ask the gentle-
man if estimates for that amount have been fur-
I nished.by the Indian Department?
Mr. ORR. The estimates have come through
the Secretary of the Interior to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, from the Indian bureau.
Mr. JONES. Have they ever been presented
to the House ?
Mr. ORR. No, sir.
Mr. JONES. Or printed ?
Mr. OPvR. They have not.
Mr.'JONES. Well then, I will say, with the
permission of the gentleman from South Carolina,
that I think it would be as well for him to submit
them to the House and have them printed, so that
we may all see them and be able to judge of them.
1 recollect that during the last Congress this sys-
tem was commenced of sending large estimates to
the committees and not to the House, and after-
wards it was charged in some of the newspapers
that Congress had appropriated more than the Ad-
ministration asked for. Now, there will he noth-
ing in the public documents of the session that go
out to the country to show that the Administration
has asked for this $350,000 of appropriation for
the Indians; and the members of this Committee
know nothing at all about it save the members of
the Committee on Indiar Affairs. It is nothing
but right and proper—it is but fair and just to the
! members of the ftonse and to the country, that
these estimates should now be submitted to the
House, and ordered to be printed, for the use of
members.
Mr. ORR. I will state, in reply to the gentle-
man from Tennessee, that I think if he will ex-
amine the act of 1842 he will find that the heads of
Departments have ample power to send estimates
to the chairmen of the different committees of
this House.
There may be something in the point which the
gentleman makes, as to the Housenot having the
information. I have no sort of objection to ask
the House, when the committee rises this even-
ing, to have all the letters and estimates that
