1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1429
Mr. HOUSTON. And there is another reason
which, perhaps, has not suggested itself to gentle-
men. There are some two or three of those bills
which apply to the extension of the surveys of
the public lands in those Territories.
Tne SPEAKER. If not objected to, the Chair
will first direct that the bill reported from the
committee yesterday be taken up, and will then
proceed to such territorial bills as have been re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole, and
which will not give rise to debate.
Mr. HAMILTON. I desire to have it under-
stood that the proposition is confined to such bills
only as have been reported from the Committee
of the Whole, and shall not be extended to any
other.
HENRY LEWIS.
The following bill, reported from the committee
yesterday, was then taken up:
A bill for the relief of Henry Lewis, of Clinton
county,Indiana.
The question being," Shall the bill be engrossed,
and read a third time'"
Mr. COBB called for tellers upon the question;
which were ordered; and Messrs. Walker and
Vail were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 79. noes 50.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
SALARIES OF OFFICERS IN TERRITORIES.
House bill (No. 162) " to increase the salaries
of the Executive and judicial officers in Oregon
and New Mexico," coming up next in order, was
read in extenso.
It provides for increasing the salaries of the
chief and associate judges of Oregon and New
Mexico to $2,500 per annum; for increasing the
salary of the Governor of New Mexico to $3,000
per annum; and for increasing the salaries of the
Secretaries of Oregon and New Mexico to §2,000
per annum.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union proposed to amend by including the judges
of Utah and New Mexico at the same salary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee further proposed to amend by
making the salaries of said judges $3,000, instead
of $2,500.
Mr. HENN. I demand tellers upon that amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Walker
and Vail were appointed.
The question was taken on the second amend-
ment; and it was rejected, forty-four only voting
in the affirmative.
The third amendment was read, and agreed to,
as follows:
After (he woril " Oregon5' insert the words " Washington
and Utah," so that the paragraph will read: "And that of
the secretaries of Oregon, Washington, Utah, and New
Mexico, (be increased,) to the sum of -$"2,000 per annum."
The fourth amendment was read, as follows:
Add
"j}nd he it further enacted, That, the annual salaries of
the chief justice and associate judges of the Territory of
Minnesota be increased to §2,500."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to strike out " $2,500,"
and in lieu thereof to insert "$2,000," so as to
make the salaries of the judges in Minnesota the
same as those provided for the judges of Kansas
and Nebraska, in the bill which we have recently
The question was put on the amendment to the 1
amendment; and, on a division, there were—ayes
seventy-two. :
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
tellers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There are some ,
gentlemen, perhaps, who are laboring under the
impression that the salary is now $2,500 a year;
as I understand it, the House have rejected the ;
$2,500 amendment proposed by the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and if we
reject the amendment moved by the gentleman
from Missouri, the salaries of those judges will
remain as at present.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is in error
in his understanding of the condition of the ques-
tion. The House have not rejected the report of ;
the committee, who recommend $2,500 as the
salary. A vote has not been taken upon that
proposition. The gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Phelps] proposes to amend that amendment by
striking out $500 of the proposed salary.
Mr. JONES. I would ask the Chair if he did
not put the affirmative of the question, and report
the number rising in favor of the salary of $2,500
to be twenty-one. Tellers were called for, and
the Chair reported only thirteen rising in the
affirmative, and then it was that the gentleman
from Missouri moved his amendment.
The SPEAKER. TheChair had notannounced
the result, otherwise the amendment would not be
in order.
Mr. JONES. There were twenty-one gentle-
men voting in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER, The indication was very
clear as to the result, but the vote was not an-
nounced.
Mr. BRIDGES. I would inquire what the
salaries of the judges are now '
Mr. PHELPS, The salary of these judges is
now $1,800. The Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union recommended that the salary
of the judges of the Territory of Minnesota should
be increased to $2,500. I propose that their sala-
ries shall be $2,000, making them equal to the
salaries of the judges of Kansas and Nebraska.
It is an increase of $200 merely to each of the
judges in Minnesota over what they now have.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campreli.
and Davis were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 90, noes 27.
The Speaker voting m the affirmative, to make
a quorum, the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question being on the adoption of the
amendment, as amended, the House wan divided,
and the Speaker announced seventy-six members
voting in the affirmative.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The negative vote was then counted; and the
question was decided in the affirmative.
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question is now on or-
dering the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. COBB. I move to lay the whole matter
on the table.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon, 1 know well that the
motion to lay the bill on the table is not debata-
ble; but I would ask the House to do justice to the
portion of the country which I represent in this
case.
Mr. COBB. I object to the gentleman's dis-
cussing the question, unless I be allowed an oppor-
tunity to answer him.
Mr. LANE. I am not discussing it, but I ask
the House to pass the bill.
Mr. JONES, of New York. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the motion of the gentleman from
Alabama.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was.then taken; and the motion
to lay the bill on the table was not agreed to.
The question recurred on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to say one word m re-
lation to this bill.
The SPEAKER. If debate arises, the Chair
decides that the bill must go over.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to make one statement.
The SPEAKER. By the unanimous consent
of the House, the Chair will allow it.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not want to debate it. I
only desire to make a single statement.
The SPEAKER. Thatis debate; but the Chair
hopes the House will indulge the gentleman.
No objection being made,
Mr. HAVEN said: I only desire to say that
the salaries of all the Governors of the Territo-
ries are left at $2,500 per annum, except that of
the Governor of New Mexico, which is $3,000.
That ought to be changed to $2,500, and I ask
that the bill may be so amended, by unanimous
consent; that is, so as to make the salaries of all
the Governors the same. 1 propose to put them
all upon the same level.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. The gentleman is
mistaken in the facts.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the
reading of the bill, as amended.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I move the previous
question.
Mr. McMULLlN. J desire to debate the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 will say to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Haven,] that the salary
of the Governor for New Mexico is fixed at
$2,500 in the bill.
Mr. HAVEN. I think that cannot be so, as
I just came from the Clerk's desk, and there read
the provision myself, and the Clerk also'read it to
me. But I shall vote against the bill any way,
and against the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 was mistaken in my state-
ment. 1 turned to the wrong section of the bill,
and was misled thereby.
Mr. McMULLlN, I desire some information
before I vote. I desire to know 
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Perhaps the gentleman from
Virginia rises to a question of order. The Chair
will hear what he has to say.
Mr. McMULLlN. I desire to know if all the
Governors of the Territories get $2,500 per annum,
except the Governor of New Mexico?
Mr. COBB. I ask for the reading of the bill.
The bill was accordingly again read.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
demanded.
Mr. ORR. If I understand the state of the
matter, I rise to a privileged question. It,is to
move to reconsider the vote by which the House
rejected the amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole. In that way we can accom-
plish the object which the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Haven,] and the rest of us, have in
view.
Mr, TAYLOR, of Ohio. I understand that
there is no objection to the amendment suggested
by the gentleman from New York.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Oregon if the salary proposed to
be given to the Governor of New Mexico by this
bill is not the same as that received by the gov-
ernor of Oregon ?
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I take pleasure m
stating, in reply to the gentleman from Kentucky,
that the salaries of the Governors of Oregon and
Washington Territories are fixed at $3,000 each
per annum.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I now desire to ask
the gentleman another question. Is not the Gov-
ernor of New Mexico also made the superintend-
ent of Indian affairs for that Territory?
Mr. LANE. He is. In addition to the duties
imposed upon him as Governor, he also discharges
those of superintendent of Indian affairs for the
Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. And the Governor
of Oregon does not discharge the duties of super-
intendent of Indian affairs?
Mr. LANE. He does not.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Then I object to the
reduction of the salary of the Governor of New
Mexico to $2,500.
Mr. ORK. The motion to reconsider is de-
batable, is it not?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that if
the bill, or any proposition connected with it, be
debated, the bill itself must go over. But aside
from that consideration, the previous question
has been demanded, which, of course, makes the
proposition not debatable,
Mr. HAVEN. 1 now ask that the clause of
the bill providing for the salary of the Governor
of New Mexico may be read, and that the sec-
tion of the bill in which it occurs may also be
read, in order that the House may see the dis-
tinction between the salaries of these different
officers.
The clause and section referred to were read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must inform the
gentleman from New York, that the salary of no
Governor is provided for in this bill except that
of the Governor of New Mexico.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I was laboring under a
mistake, and withdraw my objection to it.
Mr. ORR. I withdraw my motion to recon-
sider.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the mail) question ordered to be now put.
The bill v.-iis oidered lo be engrossed and read
