1430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
a third time; and being engrossed, was read a
third time.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I demand the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. McMULLIN. I .propose to debate the
bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not recog-
nized the gentleman. As a matter of duty, he has
allowed the conduct of the bill to be placed in the
hands of its friends.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be now put.
Mr. McMULLIN. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Corwin, Crocker, (Jullom, John G. Davi .
Dick, Disney, Dowdell, Dunbar, Dunham,Eddy, Edmands,
Edmundson, Thomas D. Eliot, John M. Elliott, Ethernet:,
Everhart, Fuller, Goode, Goodrich, Green, Greenwood,
Andrew J. Harlan, Wiley P. Harris, Hendricks, Henn,
Howe, Ihighes, Hunt, lngersoll, Lamb, Latham, Lilly,
Lindley, McDmigall, Macy, Maxwell, Smith Miller, Mill-
son, Mordecai Oliver, Packer, Parker, Pennington, Phelps,
Pratt, Heady, Reese, Riddle, David Ritcln^, Rogers Rus-
sell, Seward, Shower, Gerrit Smith, Samuel A. Smith,
George \V. Smyth, Fredenck P. Stanton, Richard II. Stan-
ton, Alexander If. Stephen.*, Ilcstor L. Stevens, Straub, ]
John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Tweed, I
Upharn, Vail, Walker, Walley, Ellihu II. Washhuine, and !
Darnel ft. Wright— 91. J
NAYS—Messrs. David J Bailey, Boyce, Carpenter,
Cobb, Dickinson, Ellison, English, Fenton, Flagler, Gid-
dtngs, Hamilton, Hastings, Hill, Ilillyei, Houston,Johnson,
Daniel T. Jones, Georgr W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Kid-
well, Knox, Kurt?,, Liudsley, McCulloch, McMulhn,Mace,
Middleswarth, Morgan, Muiray, Nichols, Noi ton, Andrew
Olivei,Orr, Peck, Peckham, John Peiluns, Powell, Pnn-
gle, Thomas. Rite hey, Rutlin, Sage, Shaw, Ske.lton, John J.
Taylor, Tracy, Trout, Wade, Israel Washburn, and Wnte
—49.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latt£S* motion was agreed to.
Mr. W ASHJjURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the title of the bill by adding- the woitis
11 Washington, Utah, Minnesota," so as to make
it read:
A bill to increase the salaries of the Executive
and judicial officers of Oregon, New Mexico,
Utah, Washington, and Minnesota.
The amendment was agreed to; and the title, as
amended, passed.
EXPENSES OF THE CAYUSE WAR.
House bill (No. 232) " to settle and adjust the
expenses of the people of Oi egon from attacks and
hostilities of (he Cayuse Indians, approved Au-
gust 21, 1852," coming up next in its order, was
read by its title.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommend to strike out ail after the
enacting clause, and to insert a substitute, which
provides for authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to settle and adjust the expenses in-
curred by the provisional government of Oregon,
in consequence of hostilities of the Cayuse In-
dians, in the years 1847 and 1848, provided that
the amount shall not exceed $75,000; to make
such allowances for adjusting claims from that
amount, at a rate not exceeding five dollars pet-
day; to pay so much as may be necessary of said
amount for settling the claims awarded by the
committees appointed for thatpurpose by the Gov-
ernor of Oi egon-, and that no such claims shall be
allowed which are not presented within the next
fiscal year.
The second section provides " that all of said
claims and accounts not heretofore adjusted shall
be settled and adjusted at such place, and in such
manner as the Secretary of the Treasury may
prescribe; and the Secretary of the Treasury is
empowered to reexamine any award that has
been, or may be made of said claims, and to re-
duce the amount if, in his judgment, founded on
proof, it should be too much."
The substitute was adopted.
The hi I! was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
subsequently read a third time, and passed.
Mr. HAVEN. I move to amend the title by
substituting for the present one the following:
An act making appropriations in reference to
the Cayuse war m Oregon.
The amendment to the title was agreed to.
SURVEYOR GENERAL OF NEW MEXICO.
The Clerk read the title of the next bill, as fol-
lows:
H. R. No. 315. A bill to establish the office of
surveyor general of New Mexico, to grant dona-
tions to actual settlers therein, and for other pur-
poses.
The first amendment of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union is as follows:
Strikeout all after the word "Mexico," in the first sec-
tion, and m lieu thereof insert the following:
Whose annual salary shall be ,$3,000, and whose power,
authority, and duty shall be the same as those provided by
law for the surveyorgeneral of Oregon. And he shall have
proper allowances for clerk hire, office rent, and fuel, not
exceeding what now is, or hereafter may be, allowed to the
said surveyor general of Oregon. And he shall locate his
office, from time to time, at such places as may be dnected
by the President of the United States,
—so that the section will read:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rejn-cscntatives
of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled,
That the PreMdent, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, shall be, and he i* hereby, authorized to ap-
point a surveyor general for New Mexico, whose annual
salary shall be $3,UUU, &c.
The amendment was concurred in.
The second amendment of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was as follows:
Strike from the second section the following words :
"That, to every white male American citizen of the
United States, or who has declared his intention to become
such, over the age of twenty-one years," and in lieu thereof,
to insert so that ihe section will lead as follows:
That to every white male citizen of the United States,
or every white male above the age of iwentv-one years, who
has declared his intention to become a citizen, and who re
moved to, and was residing in, said 'Punitory prior to the
1st day of January, 18.W, theie shall be, and hereby is, do-
nated one half section, or thiee bundled and twenty acres
ot land, if single; but it married, one section, or six hun-
dred and foity acres, &c., &.c.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I demand tellers on that
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eltot, of
Massachusetts, and Howe, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 54, noes not counted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
Mr. PHELPS. I am satisfied that if the House
understood the amendment upon which the vote
is being taken, there would not be any objection
to it. The bill, as originally reported from the
committee, provided for the donation of three hun-
dred and twenty acres of land to each head of a
family who had settled in the Territory within the
time prescribed. The amendment reported by
the Committee of the Whole reduced the quantity
of land to be given to settlers from half a section
to a quarter ot a section, giving them one hundred
and sixty instead of three hundred and twenty
acres of land.
Mr. HAMILTON. Let us have a recount.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I withdraw the
demand for the yeas and nays
The SPEAKER. There being no objection, a
recount will be had, and the tellers will again re-
sume theirplaces.
The tellers resumed their places, and the House
having been again divided, the tellers reported—
ayes eighty-seven, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agieed to.
The third amendment was reported, as follows:
In the fourth line of the second section strike out the
wonls *' removed to and."
The section, as amended, will read:
That to every male American citizen of the United
State.-*, or who has declared Ins intention to become- such,
over the age of twenty-one years, who was residmgin said
Territory, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The fourth amendment was reported, as follows:
In the second section, after the word u three,*' ni the
sixth line, in.-ert the following woids and who may be
still rr^iding there."
The section, as amended, will read as follows:
That to every white male American citizen of the United
Slates, nr who* has declared his intention to become such,
ovct the age of twenty-one years-, who was residing in said
Territory "prior to the 1st day ot January, 18o3. and who
may be still residing there, there shall be, and hereby is,
donated, &.c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The fifth amendment was reported} as follows:
In the sixth line of the same section strike out the word
"halt," and insert the word " quarter ;" and in the sev-
enth line strike ont the word "three,"and insert "one;"
and stnke out the word "twenty," and insert " sixty in
the seventh and eighth lines strike out the words " if sin-
gle ; but, if married, one section, or six hundred and forty
acres."
The section, as amended, will read as follows:
There shall be, and hereby is, donated one quarter sec-
tion, or one hundred and sixty acres of land.
The amendment was agreed to.
The fifth amendment was reported, as follows:
In the ninth line of the same section strike out the word
"each" and insert the word "every;" after the word
"male" strike out the word '• Anieucan after the word
" citizen" insert the words " ot the United States, or every
white male above the ase of twenty-one years, who has
declared ins intention to become a citizen, and."
The section, as amended, will read as follows:
And to every white male citizen of the United Slates, or
every white male above the age of twenty one yeai* who
has declared his intention to become a citizen, and who
shall have removed, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The seventh amendment was reported, as fol-
lows:
In the fourteenth and fifteenth lines of the satne section
strike out the words " if a single man; or, if marued, one
halt section, or thtee hundred and twenty acres."
The section, as amended, will read as follows:
There shall, in like manner, be donated one quarter sec-
tion, or one hundred and sixty acres, on condition of actual
settlement, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The eighth amendment was read, as follows:
In the first line of the third section, after the word "of,"
inhere the word "the," and in the second line strikeout
the woid " as."
The section, as amended, will read as follows:
That on proof of the settlement and cultivation required
by this act, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The ninth amendment was read, as follows:
fn the Mxth section, line seven and eight, strike out the
following words : " And to be disposed of as said Legisla-
ture shall direct."
The section, as amended, will read as follows:
That, when the lands m said Territory shall he surveyed
a-5 afoie^aid. a quantity of land equal to two townships
rhall be, sind the s-aiiie is herebv, re-ervpd for the establish
ment oi a university in said Teiritoiy, and in the Stafo
hereaiter to he cieated out of the same, to be selected, un-
der tlx direction of the Legislature, m legal subdivisions
of not lets than one half section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. There being no further amend-
ments to be disposed of, the question is on ordering
the bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. HENN. At the request of the Committee
on Public Lands, I propose to offer an amend-
ment to this bill, providing for the making of sur-
veys through the Territories of Kansas and Ne-
braska. 1 will send the amendment to the table t
to be read.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
*rtnd be it further enae'ed, That the President of the
United Slates shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to ap-
point, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, a
surveyor general for the Territories of Nebiaska and
Kansas, who shall loi ate his office at such place as the Pres-
ident of the United States shall, Irom time to time, direct,
ami whose duties, powers, obligations, responsibilities, and
compensation shall be the same as those of the surveyor
geneial of Wisconsin and Iowa, and who shall be allowed
the same amount tor office rent, fuel, incidental expenses,
and clerk hire, as is allowed to said suiveyor general of
Wisconsin and Iowa.
Sec.—. *flnd he it further enacted, That said surveyor
| general shall cause the necessary surveys to be made in
: said Territories of standard mcudian, base, and parallel
lines, and of township and subdivision hues, under such
rules and regulations as shall be prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office.
Sec. —• t/lnd be it further enacted, That all the hinds to
' which the Indian title has been, or shall be extinguished,
within said Territories of Nebraska and Kansas *hall be
subject to the operation of the preemption acts of 4th Sep-
tember, 1841, and under the condition®, reservations, and
stipulations therein mentioned : Provided, however, That
where unsurveyed lands are claimed by preemption, no-
tice of ihe specific facts claimed shall be filed within three
months after the survey has been made in the field : and
on failure to file such notice, or to pay for the tracts claimed
before the day fixed for the public sale of the lands by the
| proclamation of the President of the United States, the
I patties claiming such lands shall forfeit all right thereto:
I -Piovided, Saul notice may be filed with the surveyor gen-
; era), ami to be noted by him on the township plats, until
I other arrangements shall have been made by law for that
| purpose.
: Sec. —. Jlndbe it further enacted, That the publiclands
i in the Territory of Nebiaska, to which the Indian title shall
j have been extinguished, shall constitute a new land district,
1 to be called the Omaha district; and the public lands in the
