720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23.
have been communicated to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, printed for ihe use of the House. I
have no objection whatever to that, and I suppose
there will be no objection to it on the part of any
other gentleman.
There is one other point to which I desire to
refer, before I take my seat. It is very desirable
that this bill should pass promptly. It is very
desirable that these funds, at least those contem-
plated in the amendments which I have indicated,
should be put in the hands of the Indian Depart-
ment, so that they can at once commence their
negotiations. It is a long way to Oregon, and
Washington, and New Mexico, and Utah. If
the bill was to meet with no obstruction, if it was
to pass as speedily as possible, the probability is
that nearly a month would elapse before it would
receive the signature of the President. It has to
go to the Senate, and the amendments that may
be made there have to be referred to a commit-
tee of this House, and be reported and acted on.
The process is a tedious one, and if the commit-
tee desire that the appropriations to be made shall
be of service, they must pass the bill promptly.
I do not know whether I shall be sustained or
not in the motion to close debate, which I shall
submit to-morrow morning, if I succeed in getting
the floor. I desire that whatever debate there
may be upon this bill, shall be legitimate. I de-
sire that whatever debate there is shall be upon
the merits of the bill and the amendments. I am
willing that gentlemen shall consume whatever
time may be necessary to discuss thoroughly the
provisions of the Indian appropriation bill. But
1 do not think that in the pressing emergencies
that surround us, gentlemen ought to use it to
hang general speeches upon. Gentlemen will have
an opportunity of speaking mostfully andliberally
on every question while other bills are under con-
sideration which are not so pressing as this. I
shall, therefore, with a view of disposing of this
bill, offer a resolution, either this evening, when
the committee rises, or to-morrow morning, when
the House meets, to close the debate on this bill
at three o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Will the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] or the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, state how
much these appropriations will amount to?
Mr. ORR. I am not able to answer the gentle-
man's question precisely, as I have not read over
the entire bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I can give the gentleman
from Ohio the information which he desires. The
appropriations in all amount to $999,974, precisely
the amount which the Government is bound by
its treaties to pay.
Mr. ORR. I desire to say, in reply to gentlemen
who say that it ia not fair to close debate so sud-
denly upon this bill, that all the provisions in this
bill, as stated by the Committee of Ways and
Means, are made in conformity with treaty stipu-
lations, entered into by the Government with the
various Indian tribes. You must either repudiate
your fai h with them, as ratified by these treaties,
or mane these appropriations. They are the reg-
ular appropriations. The only extra appropria-
tions which we ask,beyond the ordinary regular
ones, are contained in the amendments which I
have indicated.
Mr. MILLSON obtained the floor.
M r. HUNT. I have never addressed the House
elaborately, and I ask it as a matter of courtesy,
that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mii.i.son]
will give me the floor to make a speech upon the
Nebraska bill. Upon this question I occupy the
position of one opposed to the South generally;
and I think that it is not asking too much at their
bauds to yield me this couitesy.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. MillsonJ as being
entitled to the floor. Does the gentleman yield
the floor to the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Hunt?]
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Louis-
iana places me in a very embarrassing situation,
as I would be exceedingly pleased to gratify him
by acceeding to his wish. But I have been very
anxious for some time to get the floor in Commit-
tee of the Whole to make a speech upon another
subject than the one now under consideration, as
I desired to leave the city, and make a visit home,
which has been delayed much longer than I in-
tended. The gentleman from Louisiana will have
i no difficulty in obtaining the floor to-morrow, and,
J under the circumstances, I trust that he will ex-
cuse me for not yielding him the floor.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. WiU the gentleman
from Virginia give way for a motion that the Com-
mittee riser
Mr. MILLSON. I will yield the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. TAYLOR. I make the motion, then, that
the committee rise.
The question was put, and agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole had had under
consideration the state of the Union generally,
and particularly House bill (No. 46) entitled " A
bill making appropriations for tile current and
contingent expenses of the Indian Department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30, 1855,"
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. ORR. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House that the various estimates which have been
sent by the Secretary of the Interior to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs be printed.
Mr. BOCOCK. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope that my friend from
Virginia will withdraw his objection. It is almost
impossible for us to get along with these estimates
understanding^ unless we have them printed. We
want them printed for our own information. 1
appeal to my friend from Virginia to withdraw his
objection.
Mr. BOCOCK. As I am appealed to, I with-
draw iny objection.
The question was then put on the motion to
have the estimates printed, which was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it in order, Mr. Speaker,
to move that the House do now proceed to the
consideration of.the business on the Speaker's
table?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair thinks
it would be in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I will state the rea-
sons why i desire to make that motion; and per-
' haps the House will indulge me. There is upon
the Speaker's table a bill from the Senate making
provision for the courts of the United States, and
| for additional facilities for post office business in
the city of Philadelphia. By the act consolidating
the different districts into the one municipality, the
courts of the United States will be left without 
Mr. SAGE, (interrupting.) Mr.Speaker,what
is the question before the House? (
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 have moved to proceed
to the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table. If the House will indulge me in an explan-
ation 
Several Members. <l Cluestion !" " Question !"
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House thereupon, at three o'clock and
twenty minutes, p. m., adjourned until to-morrow
at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 23, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mi*. ALLEN presented a petition of citizens of
Providence, Rhode Island, praying that the post-
office in that city may not be removed from its
present location; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SUMNER presented the proceedings of a
meeting of citizens of Bridgewater, Massachu-
setts, held at the town hall, on the 13th of March,
1854, against the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, resolutions passed at a meeting of the in-
habitants of Northampton, Massachusetts, held
on the 20th of March, 1854, in opposition to the
Nebraska bill; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Also, the petition and papers of Elizabeth A.
W. Gibson, widow of Frederick Gibson, late of
the Revenue Service, praying a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. GWiN, it was
0>dert>d, That the petition and papers in support of the
application of G. R. Herrick, for balance of salary due him,
be withdrawn from the files of the Seriate, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That Captain Nichols have leave to withdraw
his papers.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives, to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1854, reported it
back, with sundry amendments.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. McKean, its Chief Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed thefollow-
ing enrolled bills and joint resolutions:
Bill for the relief of Gray, McMurdo& Co.;
Bill for the relief of William Mayo, of Belfast,
Maine;
Joint resolution for settling the accounts of A.
Bovd Hamilton;
Bill for the relief of the troops who were suffer-
ers by the recent disaster to the steamship San
Francisco;
Bill for the .relief of Samuel K. Rayburn;
A joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury and Light-House Board to determine
upon the site, plan, and mod* of constructing the
light-house on Cohasset Rocks, and fur other pur-
poses;
A joint resolution accepting certain volumepand
medals presented by her Britannic Majesty's Gov-
ernment to thp United States;
Bill to amend an act entitled " An act to divide
the State of Arkansas into two judicial districts;"
Which were then signed by the President pro
tempore.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the bill from the Sen-
ate for the relief of settlers on lands reserved for
railroad purposes.
CLERK TO A COMMITTEE.
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, it was
Orderedf That the Coainutteeon Agriculture be author-
ized to employ a clerk.
I Mr. WELLER subsequently moved to recon-
sider the vote.
f CLAIMS OF REVOLUTIONARY OFFICERS.
The bill to provide for the final settlement of
the claims of the officers of the Revolutionary
Army, and of the widows and orphan children of
those who died in the service, was read a second
time; and, on the motion of Mr. Evans, was con-
sidered as in Commiitee of the Whole.
The bill provides that the officers of the Army
of the Revolution, who were entitled to half pay
for life under the resolutions of Congress, of the
21st of October, 178^, the 17 tli of January, 1781,
the 8th of May, 1781, and the 8'h of March, 1785,
shall be entitled to receive the same, although such
officer may have received, in lieu thereof, the com-
mutation of full pay for five years, under the res-
olution of Congress, of the 22d of March, 3783
It is to be the duty of the proper accounting: officer
of the Treasury, when applied to for that purpose,
by any one who is entitled to receive, or his or
her guardian, to ascertain what is due to such
officer, from the time he became entitled to half
pay until his death, if that occurred before the 3d
day of March, 1826, but if he died after that time,
then up to that period.
When the amount due to any officer has been
ascertained, the Secretary of the Treasury is to
pay it, after deducting therefrom the amount re-
ceived for commutation, under the resolution of
the 22d of March, 3783.
Those officers, who are entitled to receive half
pay for life, under the resolutions above mentioned,
and did not receive the same, or the commutation
in lieu thereof, and have not since been provided
for by any special act of Congress, are to be paid,
on establishing their rights to the satisfaction of
, the amounting officer of the Treasury by the Sec-
i retary of the Treasury.
j The half pay for seven years, promised by the *
I resolution of Congress, of August 24, 1780, to the
| widows and orphan children of those officers,
I who died in the service, is in like manner to be
