722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
be extended to the widows of those officers who have died
or shall hereafter die in the service."
This constitutes one class of these claims, but
it is a very small class, for there are only two or
three petitions before the committee presented by
the children of the officers who were killed in
battle, and the bill proposes to provide for them.
We propose to go further, so as to include a
class of cases not embraced in the resolution of
the Congress of 1780; and there is only one case
of the sort which was before the committee—the
case of Mrs. Perry, an exceedingly meritorious
one, which we thought should be provided for.
It is not likely that many others will come, be-
cause this class embraces only widows and or-
phans of the officers, not their descendants. It
•was a provision intended for them, and for them
alone. All that it is proposed to do now is to pro-
vide for the few who have not been provided for;
and none can come in under the act but those
who are seventy-five years of age. For this rea-
son the number will be very small. It is now
seventy-five years since the resolution of 1780
was passed, and over seventy years since the end
of the war. The provision of the bill in this
respect is:
" And that the benefit of the said resolution of the24th of
August, 1780, shall be extended to the widows am! orphan
children of all officers who were killed in batlle, or died of
wounds received in battle, whether such officers belonged
to the continental line, or any volunteer called into service
under the authority of any State ; but no payment shall be
made under this section, except to those specially de-
scribed m the satd resolution:"
To wit, the widows and orphans. This pro-
vides for one class.
Well, sir, in the year 1780, in contemplation of
a reduction of the Army, Congress adopted this
resolution:
"That the Commander-in-Chief and the commanding
officer in the southern department, direct the officer* of
each State to meet and agtce on tho officers foi Hie regi-
ments to be raised by their respective State1*, from those
who incline to continue, m service; and vvhei e it cdimot be
done by npre.ement, to be determined by -emoritv," &.c.
'• The officers so reduced are to be allowed half pay for
life."
Then follows another clause:
"That officers who shall continue in the service until the
end of the war shall ait>o be untitled to half pay during life,
to commence from the time of their reduction."
This was a provision embracing every officer
who was reduced or made a supernumerary, and
every one who remained in the army until the
end of the war. Then, .sir, after the last battle
was fought, and while the army was encamped,
the greater part of it m New York, under the im-
mediate direction of General Washington, some
dissatisfaction arose in relation to this annuity of
half pay for life. As I understand the history of
the times, the formation of the Society of the Cin-
cinnati, consisting of the officers of the army,
together with the further fact that they were to be
paid half pay for life, excited a strong discontent
in the country. The officers of the army, in con-
sequence of that discontent, petitioned Congress
to grant them something to be paid immediately,
instead of the half pay for life. They considered
that by this course their present necessities would
be relieved, and at the same time they would es-
cape the odium which was springing up in the
country against the provision granting them half
pay for life. Then J find that, on the 22d of March,
" On the report of a committee, together with a memo-
rial of the officeis of the aimy, Congie^s pas^'d the follow-
ing resolutions:
'• Wheieas, the officers of the ^evoal lines under tin-im-
mediate command of his Excellency Gcncnil Washington,
did, by their late memorial, transmitted by theireomfiiittee,
represent to Congi ess that the halt pay i:ranted by Mindiy res
olutions was regarded man unfavorable li^ht by the cui/ens
of rfonieot these States, who would prefer ;i compensation
for a hunted term of years, or by a sum in to an es-
tablishment foi life; and did, on that .iceoum, solicit a com-
mutation of their half pav f<>t an equivalent in one of the
two modes above mentioned, in order to remove a I! .subject
of dissatisfaction fiom the minds ot their fellow-citizen*-.
"And whereas, Congress are desirous, a-? well of'^rantv ing
the reasonable expectations of the oiiieers of the annyas
of removing all objections winch may c.xi.^t in any part of
the United States to the principle of the half pay establish-
ment, for which the faith of the United States hath been
pledged: persuaded that those objection* can only arise
from the nature of the compensation, not from any mdis-
pOfition to compensate those whose services, svuficcs
and suiFermg* have so justatitle to the appiobation and
reward^ of their country : Therefore,
" Resolved, That such officers as are now in service, and
shall continue therein to tho end of the war, shall be enti-
tled to receive the amount of five years' full pay in money,
or securities on interest, at six per cent, per aniinm, as
Congressshall find most convenient, instead of the half pay
promised for life by the resolution of the 21st day of Octo-
ber, 1.780; the said securities to be such as shall be given to
other creditors of the United States: Provided, It be at the
option of the lines of the respective States, and not of offi-
cers individually in those lines, to accept or refuse the same:
And provided, also, That their election shall be signified to
Congress through the Commander-in-Chief, from the lines
under his immediate command within two months."
*******
" That the same commutation shall extend to the corps not
belonging to the lines of particular States, and who are en-
titled to'half pay for life as aforesaid; the acceptance or
refusal to be determined by corps, and to be signified in the
same manner, and within the same time."
Those who were originally entitled to half pay
for life, and who afterwards had the option of ac-
cepting, in lieu of it, the commutation of five
years' full pay, as they present themselves to the
Senate now, consist of two classes. The first class
is composed of those who have never received any-
thing, and whose representatives are now peti-
tioning to be allowed that to which their ances-
tors would have been entitled if they had applied.
In relation to these claims I have very little to
say. Whenever such a case has been made out,
Congress has passed private bills for the relief of
the parties; ana 1 find, in the volume of" Revolu-
tionary Claims" which I have before me, about
one hundred cases of that description, in which
special acts have been passed to provide for those
who never received the commutation or the half
pay. No explanation, therefore, is necessary in
relation to them, because theseclaims have always
been recognized; and the only difficulty has been
to make out the proof, and get both Houses of
Congress to act upon them at the same time. The
large class principally provided for by the bill are
those who received the commutation.
1 gather, from the means of information which
have been ir. my power, that when the army was
disbanded in November, 1783, Congress sent a pay-
master for the purpose of discharging all these
obligations. The paymaster repaired to the army,
carrying with him certificates made out for all the
officers; and to each one who was present, and
who would receive it, he delivered a certificate for
i his commutation for five years' full pay, in lieu of
the half pay for life.
Some gentlemen seem to think it important to
know the number of these persons. I find, in a
report made by Mr. Burgess, on the Rhode Island
claims, some twenty years ago, that it is stated as
a fact, capable of proof, that the army consisted of
two thousand four hundred and eighty officers
who were entitled to the commutation when it was
disbanded. 1 have made inquiries at the proper
office here, and the Third Auditor has informed
me that it appears from the books in his office,
and from those in the Pension Office, that two
thousand two hundred and fifty-six did receive the
commutation. Now, adding to that number the
one hundred for whom special provision has been
made, and the number of applicants befoie Con-
gress, and you will have over two thousand three
hundred. As will appear hereafter, when I come
to that part of the case, the proposed provi-
sion for this number of persons will amount to a
very large sum of money; and with some gentle-
men, I believe it will be considered conclusive
against the bill that it does appropriate a large
amount of money.
But, sir, the question which now arises is, are
we not bound to pay ? I do not mean to say that
in a court of law n would be regarded as a legal
obligation. Congress, upon the petition of a
portion of the officers, at least, offered to give five
years* full pay in lieu of the half pay for life.
The offer was accepted. The legal obligation, there-
fore was probably discharged by that; but, then,
what were the facts in relation to the matter ? The
officers had the certificates of Government that it
owed them so much money; but the Government
was insolvent. Under the Confederation Congress
had no means of raisins'money. There was a debt
of $100,000,000 which had been contracted during
the Revolution. The officers had retired from the
army—most of them in a state of poverty and
destitution. They had nothing but these certifi-
cates. If they had property besides when they
went into the army it was desolated by the
enemy before the conclusion of the war; and thus
they were thrown upon the world with nothing
but those certificates, which had no appreciable
market value whatever. Most of the petitions
before the committee set out, and all who are con-
versant with the history of the times know the
fact very well, that they depreciated finally down
to twelve and a half* percent.; so that he to whom
the Government promised to give $100 received
only $12 50, and a captain's commutation of five
years' full pay, amounting to §2,400, had no mar-
ket value greater than $300; and in the larger por-
tions of the cases, according to the best informa-
tion I can collect upon the subject, they were sold
at that rate.
Now, sir, what was the promise? The promise
was, that they should be paid in money; that, in
consideration of their remaining in the army until
the end of the war, they should receive half pay
for life, which was commuted for five years' full
pay, to be paid in money, or, at the option of
Congress, in certificates bearing six per centum in-
terest, which should have been consid ered as equiv-
alent to so much money. The contract, the obli-
gation, really was to pay the commutation of five
years' full pay in money. Did they receive it?
Every man here, who has investigated the matter,
knows that they received hardly a tenth part of it.
Whose fault was that? Was it their fault? It
was not, perhaps, the fault of the Congress of
that time, but it was a necessary result from the
situation in which we were placed. Congress
could not pay them. Although we had achieved
our independence; although Great Britain had
acknowledged it, what was our situation? Had
we any Government? Was there any central Gov-
ernment having power to pay those debts? There
was none, sir. Was-there any certainty that the
discordant materials of which this country con-
sisted at that time, the State governments, would
ever coalesce and form a Federal Government, so
as to provide forthese debts? No,sir; itwasvery
uncertain indeed.
In this state of things, the officers were thrown
upon the woild with these certificates, which de-
preciated daily, and had no market value. They
received next to nothing for them. In this view,
the committee thought—and I shall ever believe
they thought correctly—that it would be right to
put them back in the condition which they would
have occupied, because Congress has not kept in
good faith the consideration upon which they
agreed to give up their half pay for life. When
I'say that Congress has not kept the considera-
tion in good faith, I do not mean to say that it
has been guilty of any want of good intentions
for the performance of the contract, but simply to
say that it has not been performed, and they have
not received the half pay for life to which they
had a legal right. In the State of Virginia, under
like circumstances, the officers, upon being al-
lowed to sue the State, recovered the amount, for
it was considered that it was a legal obligation.
For this legal obligation to pay them half pay for
life they have received little or nothing.
Then, ought we not to pay? The committee
thought we should. The only question on this
point, and that of the greatest difficulty, was,
whether we should not exempt them entirely upon
proof that they had been obliged to sell these
worthless certificates which had been given to
them, for ten or twelve cents on the dollar; whether
we ought not to allow them the difference between
that amount and the par value? But the com-
mittee finally came to the conclusion to do this:
to put them back upon the same footing which
they occupied anterior to the promise of commu-
tation, to give them their half pay for life, and to
deduct from it, as a payment pro tanto, the nom-
inal amount which they had received as commu-
tation.
I come now to a statement, which will be con-
sidered very important by some gentlemen, and
that is, as to the probable amount which will be
j involved in the passage of this bilf. It proposes
| to allow half pay, and to deduct the commutation.
! Now, from the examinations which I have been
able to make, I am satisfied that, if we take the
pay of a captain we shall have a fair average.
The pay of a captain was §40 a month, or $480 a
year, and five years' full pay of a captain would
therefore be §2,400; and every captain received
1 $2,400 nominally as his commutation. Then
I the next question is, what will be the probable
! amount to which he will be entitled under tiffs
j act, if it shall become a law? It is stated, in the
I report of Mr. Burgess, which I read with a great
! deal of care, because it seemed to have been drawn
I up by a very sensible man, that at the time the
