.1864,
THE 0ON©IM0 ffi - CUM.
ville, Beckhamsville, and Cedar Shoals, to Lewis-
ville.
From Winnsboro', by Gladden'® Cove, Rooky
Mount, and Longstreet, to Lancaster C. H.
From Winnsboro', by Jackson's Greek, Bell's
Store, Bryer's Store, Buckhead, Feasterville,
Halsellville, Crosville, Fish Dam, and Mount
Tabor, to Pinckneyville.
From Woodruff's, by Enoree, Clear Springs,
and Gilder, to Greenville C. H.
From Williamston, by Newell's, Golden Spring,
Douthet, Bushy Creek, Equality-, Slabtown,
Piercetown, and Silver Glade, to Williamston.
From Yorkville, by Clay Hill, Renalesburg,
Rose Hill, and White Hall, to Charlotte.
From Yorkville, by Zeno, South Point, Wood-
lawn, Cottage Home, Chronicle, Vesuvius Fur-
nace, to Newton.
From Yorkville, by Allison Creek, Zeno, South
Point, North Carolina, Woodlawn, Cottage
Home, Chronicle, and Vesuvius Furnace, to
Newton.
From Yorkville, by Hickory Grove, Smith's
Ford, Wilkensville, Limestone Springs, Grassy
Pond, High Shoals, North Carolina, Butler,
and Hicksville, to Rutherfordton, North Car-
olina.
From Yorkville, by Hickory Grove, Harmony,
Boydton, Cherokee Iron Works, Coopersville,
Draytonsville, Limestone Springs, Clarksville,
Cowpens, Arrow Wood,FingerhilI, and Jackson
Hill, to Earlesviile.
From Yorkville, by Meek's Hill, Hopewell,
Gowdeysville, Pacolet Mills, and Bivingsville, to
Spartanburg C. H.
From Yorkville, by Blairsville, Bullock's Creek,
Pinckneyville, Mount Tabor, Unionville, Cedar
Grove, and Cross Keys, to Cross Anchor.
From Yorkville, by Tirza, Ebenezerville, Rock
Hill, Nation Ford, Coute's Tavern, Landsford,
Long Street, Dry Creek, Russell Place, Liberty
Kill, and Red Hill, to Camden.
From Yorkville, by Hickory Grove, Harmony,
Boydton, Cherokee Iron Works, Coopersville,
Dratonsville, Limestone Springs, Thickety Ford,
Moultrie, and Hurricane, to Spartanburg C. H.
Georgia.—From Albany, by Thomasville, Oka-
pilco, and Morven, to TroupviUe.
From Albany, by Chickasawhatehee, Dover,
Cuthbert, Petaula, to Georgetown.
From Albany, by Gillion's, Concord, Pachitta,
and Faff Creek, to Fort Gaines.
From Albany, by Gum Pond, Thomasville,
Duncansville, and Centreville, to Tallahassee,
Florida.
From Albany, by Gintown and Pennsboro', to
Irwinsville.
From Aiapaha, by Drivers Hill and Trouble-
some, to Jasper, Florida.
From Athens, by Brookline, Amandaville, Mon-
tevideo, Evergreen, South Carolina, and Rock
Mills, to Anderson C. H., South Carolina.
From Athens, by Bascobel, Harmony Grove,
MaysviUe, Gillsville, Poplar Springs, Hughes-
burg, and Dawson, to Clarkesvilie.
From Athens, by Danielsville, Madison Springs,
Franklin Springs, Bowersville,to Henley's Store.
From Athens, by Jefferson, Pond Fork, Sugar
Hill, and Cunningham's Store, to Gainesville.
From Athens, by Planter's Stand, Taylors-
viile,and Cromer's Mills, to Carnesville.
From Atlanta, by Boltonville, Marietta, Ack-
worth, Alatoona, Cartersville, Cassville, Kings-
ton, Adairsville, Calhoun, Resaca, Tilton, Dalton,
Tunnel Hill, RingoId.Opalika, and Chickamoga,
to Chattanooga, Tennessee.
From Atlanta, by Utoy, Sandtown, Campbell-
ton, Dark Corner, Villa Rica, and Hickory
Level,j,o CarrolUon.
From Atlanta, by Ark, Red Oak, Fair Burn,
Palmetto, Newnan, Willow Grove, Corinth, As-
bury, La Grange, and Long Cane, to West
Point.
From Americus, by Providence, to Chenuba.
From Americus, by Danville and Drayton, to
Vienna.
From Americus, by Plains of Dura, Lannahas-
see, Searsville, and Pineville.
From Augusta to Richmond Factory.
From Augusta, by Brezelie, Saw Dust, Lom-
bardy, Thompson, Double Wells, Crawfords-
ville. Union Point, Greensborough, Buckhead,
Madison, Social Circle, Covington, Oxford, Con-
yers, Lythonia, Stone Mountain, and Decatur, to
Atlanta.
From Augusta, by Kekokee, Bubanks, Double
Branches, Lmcolton, Goshen, Petersburgh, An-
thony's Shoals, Cook's Law Office, Elberton,
Amandaville, Eagle Grove, Bowersville, and
Fairview, to Carnesville.
From Battle Ground to Mount Vernon.
From Ball Ground, in Cherokee county, by
Jasper, to Ellijay.
From Barnesvi!le, by The Rock, Thomaston,
Double Bridges, Pleasant Hill, Talbotton, Box
Spring, and Pine Hill, to Upatore.
From Bell ville to Talbotton.
From Blairsville, by Choestoe, Loudsville,
and Pleasant Retreat, to Dahlonega.
From Blairsville, by Young Cane, Toccoah,
Blue Ridge, White Path, Ellijay, Cerro Gordo,
Talking Rock, Pine Log, and Fairmount, to
Cassville.
From Brunswick, by Waynesville, Wares-
boro,' and Magnolia, to TroupviUe.
From Brunswick, by Bethel, Waynesville,
and Langsburg, to JefFersonton.
From Butler, by Wilcher's Mills and Taze-
well, to Buena Vista.
From Canton, by Ball Ground, Marble Works,
Juno, to Dahlonega.
From Camalc to Warrenton.
From CarrolUon, by Laurel Hill and Union
Mill, to Franklin.
From Campbellton to Fairburn.
From CarrolUon, by New Babylon, to Van
W ert.
From Carnesville, by Balce Springs, Isaac
Davis, Eraatus, and Nat Gunnell's, to Jefferson.
From Cartersville, by Stylesborough and Van
Wert, to Cedartown.
From Cedar Bluff to Cave Spring.
From Cassville, by Little Prairie, Sonora, Free
Bridge, and Holly Creek, to Spring Place.
From Cave Spring, by Harrol's Cross Roads
and Occola, Alabama, to Cedar Bluff.
From Centre Village, by Trader's Hill and
Paulerson's Ferry, to Suwan'ne.
From Cedartown to Pumpkinpill.
From Chattanooga, Tennessee, by Wauhatchie,
Georgia, to Trenton. s
From Chattanooga, Tennessee, by Roseville,
Georgia, to Frick'sGap.
From Chattanooga to Head of McLemore's
Cave.
From Clayton to Blairsville.
From Clayton to Whetstone.
From Columbus, by Piedmont, Mulberry Grove,
Mountain Hill, and Whitesville, to West Point.
From Columbus, Cottage Hill, Jamestown,
Hannahatchee, Lumpkin, and Cuthbert, to Fort
Gaines.
From Copeland, by Adams, to House Creek.
From Covington, by Newton Factory, Worth-
ville, Jackson, Indian Springs, Cork, and New
Market, to Forsyth.
From Covington, by Middle Ridge, Oak Hill,
McDonough, and Double Cabins, to Griffin.
From Dahlonega, by Anricolola, Prince Ed-
ward's, Carticay-Ellejay, Tail's Creek, Coosa-
wattee, Spring Place,and Cedar Ridge, to Dalton.
From Dahlonega, by William Robertson's, to
Round Hill.
From Dahlonega, by Cooper's Gap, Gaddis-
town, Stock-Hill, Skeinah, Will Scott, Toccoah,
Hot House, Hiwassee Mine, Rece Spring, and
Greasy Creek, to Benton, Tennessee.
From Darien to Brunswick.
From Darien to Frederica.
From Darien, by Fort Barrington Ferry, Pen-
darvis Store, Alabaham Creek, and Strickland's,
to Waresboio'.
From Davisborough to Term's Bridge.
From Decatur, by Panthersville,Tucker's Cabin
and Stockbridge, to McDonough.
From Double Wells, by ShaiorH to Washington.
From Dublin to Jacksonville.
From Eatonton, by Staffordsville and Clinton,
to Macon.
From Eatonton to Monticello.
From Eden to James Hagans, Bullock county.
From Eden, by J. Denmarks, W. D. Loacks,
and Brueton's Mills, to Reidsville.
From Edenton, by James Shuman's, to Ed-
ward's Bridge.
From Elberton, by Harmony and Cold Water,
to Montevideo.
From Eufaula, Alabama, byGeorgetowri.Geori
gia, Petaula, Cotton Hill, Franklin, Alabama;
Pachilta, Spring Creek, Blakely, Georgia^ to
Bainbridge. , •
From Fort Gaines, by Gatesville, Bine Bridge,
Blakely, Olive Grove, arid Argyle,- to Chattahooi-
ehie, Florida* -
From Fort Valley, by Reynolds,- to Butler.
From Fort Valley, by Sandy Point,Knox ville,
Francisville, and Daviston, to Talbotton.
From Fort Valley, by Perry a d' Haynesville,
to Hawkinsville.
From Fort Valley,by Marshallville, Winches-
ter, and Montezuma, to Oglethorpe.
From Gainesville, by War Hill, Gillsville, Hud-
son, Nail's Creek, and Walnut Hill, to Carnes-
ville.
From Gainesville, by New Bridge and Auraria,
to Dahlonega.
From Gainesville, by Brown's Mills, Crossville,
Smithville, Barretsville, High Tower, Broadtree,
Orange, and Canton, to Etowah.
From'Gainesville, by Duane Street, to Clarks-
ville.
From Gainesville, by Glade Mines and Polks-
ville, to Argo.
From Gainesville to Walnut Hill, Bushville,
Hudson, Sill ville, to Carnesville.
From Gayton to Springfield.
From Gintown, by Hinton, Ochlochney, arid
Talokas, to Okapilco.
From Greensborough to White Plains.
From Greensborough to Glades Cross Roads.
From Greensborough, by Penfteld, to Scull
Shoals.
From Greenville, by Woodbury and' Magda-
lena, to Pleasant Hill.
From Greenville, by Farmers, White" Sulphur
Springs, King's Gap, Goodman's Cross Roads,
Cataula, and Cochan's Cross Roads, to Colum-
bus.
From Greenville to Warm Springs.
From Griffin, by Liberty Hill, to Unionville.
From Griffin to Zebulon.
From Griffin, by York, White Water; Glen
Grove, Kidron, and Saluda, to Newmaii.
From Griffin, by Double Cabins, Towalliga,
Jackson, Indian Spring, Cork, Seven Islands', to
Monticello.
Prom Griffin, by Erin, Jones's Mills, Green-
ville, Mountville, Lagrange, Long Cane, and
West Point, to Cusseta, Alabama.
From Gum Swamp to Irvinville.
From Halcyondaie, by Mill Ray awl States-
boro', to Reidsville.
From Halcyondaie, by Black Creek, Buck
Creek, Sylvania C. H., Jacksonborough, Mill
Haven, Joy's Mills, and Alexander, to Waynes-
borough.
From Hawkinsville, by Copeland, Temper-
ance, McRae's Store, Jacksonville, Clay ville,
Lumber Ciiy, Boxville, Perry's Mills, Beard's
Creek, and Jones's Creek, to Darien.
From Hawkinsville, by Millwood, Vienna,
Gum Creek, Slade, Warwick, and Hollid&ys-
ville, to Albany.
From Hawkinsville to Gum Swamp.
From Hawkinsville, by Lawson ana Vineyard,
to Irwinsville.
From Holmesville, by Stafford's Ferry and
Surrency's, to Reidsville.
From Holmesville to Hall.
From Huntsville to Dallas.
From Jacksonville, by Feronia, to Ocmulgee-
ville.
From Jasper to Cassville.
From Jefferson, by John Randolph's and
Cain's,, to Cumming.
From Jenk's Bridge, in Bullock county, by
Davis's Mills, and Briar Patch, to Statesbo-
rough.
From Jonesborough to Fayetteville.
From Jones's'Mills, by Rocky Mount, to
Holly.
From Kingston to Rome.
From Knoxville, by Hopewell, to Russeflviiie.
From Knoxville, by Hickory Grove, Hootens-
ville, Carsonville, and Centre, to Talbotton.
From Knoxville, by Hammock's Grove, Cui-
loden, and Wynansville, to Thomaston.
Prom Lagrange, by O'Neal's Mills", Cochran's
Cross Roads, Hamilton, and Cataula, to Colum-
bus.
From Lagrange, by Vernon, Antiech, Wehad-
