1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
723
army wssdisbanded, it consisted of two thousand
four hundred and eighty persons, of the average
age of thirty years. I have not examined it my-
self; but he goes on to say that upon the princi-
ple upon which tl;e life insurance companies make
their calculations, the probability was that the
average length of life of those officers would he
twenty years beyond that. Now, if you take
twenty years as the average duration of their lives
beyond that period, and allow them half pay for
life for that time, it will amount to $4,800 to each
one, and I assume that that is the averaee.
According to the Auditor's letter, and the special
acts, it appears that two thousand three hundred
and seventy have received commutation, or have
been provided for by special acts. Perhaps half
of these or more will be able to make out their
cases. If fifteen hundred should be able to make
out their claims, the amount will be §3,600,000.
If two thousand should make out their claims, it
will be &4,800,000. Those payments would be scat-
tered over a period of some four or five years, per-
haps; so that the appropriations to meet the cases
for which this bill provides will amount to a mil-
lion a year for three or four years.
The amount seems large, and so it is. This
bill does involve a large sum of money; but if any
gentleman will trouble himself to look into the
appropriations which have been made for the
"second war of independence," as it has been
called, the war of 1812, he will find that we have
given away in money, in annuities, in pensions,
and in lands, four times that amount. But, sir,
the fact that it requires a large sum of money to
do Justice, is no reason why justice should not
be done. Are we not giving away every day and
almost every hour larger sums to people who
have no claims upon us at all, merely because
they suppose they have done some good to the
country? But, can any inan measure the good
which the services of the officers of the Revolution
conferred upon the country?
I have now, Mr. President, said all that I think
it necessary to say upon the merits of the claims;
and I come to the limitations imposed by the bill.
The first limitation is that the payments are to
be made without interest. It was a question some-
what debated in the committee, as the chairman
[Mr. Walker] very well knows, whether these
debts were not of that description that they should
be paid with interest. I think that at the last ses-
sion of Congress a report was made from the
same committee, in the case of Mooers, in which
interest was allowed; but the committee finally
came to the conclusion that these debts should be
paid without interest. I take it that that conclu-
sion is right. The general rule is tnat a Govern-
ment does not pay interest; and I remember very
well that in all the recent cases which have oc-
curred, this rule has been adhered to.
I have had occasion since I have been here at
the present session, to look after an appropriation
which was made two years ago to the State of
South Carolina, for money paid for this Govern-
ment seventeen years ago in the Florida war. The
amount was allowed, bat without interest. The
claim of a gentleman from my own State lasr year,
whose father was a hostage in the possession of
the enemy and whose property was destroyed,
was allowed by Congress, but without interest.
On looking into the special acts of Congress, it
will be found that from the organization of the
Government down to 1833, interest was never al-
lowed by the express words of any act. It is
true that in the case of Mrs. Hamilton, in 1814,
the Attorney General gave it as his opinion that,
although the act did not provide for the payment
of interest, yet interest ought to be paid. It was
paid; and the Department, for a few years after-
wards, paid interest. In 1832 and 1833, there
were sixteen £ases before Congress, which were
provided for, not exactly with interest, but the
officers were allowed to be put upon the footing
which they would have occupied if they had
received their certificates—that is, they were al-
lowed to fund them in the same way in which the
certificates were at first funded, and to receive out
of the Treasury whatever sum this would amount
to. I have not been able to ascertain whether
any of the certificates which were given to the
revolutionary officers were actually funded in their
own names. The best information which 1 can
get on the subject is, that with a very few, per-
haps no exceptions, they were bought up by spec-
ulators; and when the present Government was
established in 1789, and the funding system was
adopted, they were funded, but the officers re-
ceived no benefit from that.
Another reason which influenced the committee
in rejecting the allowance of interest was, that
these claims had not been heretofore provided for,
generally on account of the fault of the claimants
themselves, the Government being always pre-
sumed to be ready to do justice to its citizens.
The last consideration which influenced them on
this head was the item of expense. Some gen-
tlemen seem to be struck with a great degree of
horror at the enormous amount of money which
the passage of this bill will require to be paid.
We found that if you were to include interest
for seventy years, these claims, instead of amount-
ing to three or four millions of dollars, would be
swelled beyond twenty millions, and therefore the
committee have not allowed interest.
The second provision in the bill, to which I beg
leave to call attention, is that payments shall be
made to lineal descendants only. The reason for
that I will explain: If the bill provided that the
amount should be paid to the legal representatives,
(and every lawyer knows that the legal represent-
atives of a man are his executors or administra-
tors,) the result would be that letters of adminis-
tration would be taken out upon every one of these
two thousand three hundred or two thousand
four hundred cases; the administrator would re-
ceive the money, and the chances are ten to one
that it would never be got out of his hands. The
claims agents here would administer upon the
estates, get the money in their possession, and
require those who afterwards came to claim it to
prove that they were the heirs-at-law of the orig-
inal party entitled, which, in very many cases, they
would not be able to do. Thus the Government
would lose the money, and those whom it was in-
tended to benefit would not receive it. I take it,
therefore, that it would not be proper to pay it to
the legal representatives.
Then would it be right to pay the money to the
heirs-at-law? Who are heirs-at-law? The heirs-
at-law of every man are those upon whom the
law casts the succession. They may be his chil-
dren, or they may be remote collateral relations.
If you said "heirs-at-law," collaterals would take
it. Now, among the petitions which I have ex-
amined, and upon which there is a report, was one
case in which the claim was made under these
circumstances: Some man, whose name I do not
remember, was appointed director of the hospital
at Philadelphia, in November, 1776. In January
afterwards, for some reason, on account of some
public discontent, or perhaps some suspicion of his
fidelity, he was dismissed, having served but three
months. Afterwards, upon investigation, a com-
mittee reported that no charges were established
against him; and therefore Congress came to a
resolution acquitting him from any charges, but
he never was employed after.that. A petition is
now presented by the grand-children of his brother;
they make out their claim in this way: that if he
had not been dismissed from the service he would
have been entitled to so much pay, and at the
end of the war, either to half pay for life, or to
the commutation of five years' full pay, and this,
with interest, would amount to the very moderate
sum of £33,000. This is an illustration of the
cases which will arise if we provide for heirs-at-
law.
In providing only for lineal descendants, it
seemed to me that this should be a satisfactory
reason: we owe these officers a debt of gratitude.
This debt may readily be transferred, and there
are reasons why it should be transferred, to their
children, because many of their children are now
poor, and poor perhaps for the very reason that
their fathers spent so long a period in the service
of their country. The committee, therefore, came
to the conclusion, that there was no propriety in
paying this sum to executors or administrators,
orto heirs-at-law; and as we owed no delit of grat-
itude to a man's collateral relations, we thought
the provision ought to be restricted to his lineal
descendants.
There is another provision in the bill, which
perhaps requires some explanation. It provides
that nothing shall be paid after 1826. In 1828
Congress passed a law giving to the surviving of-
ficers of the Revolution, not half pay, but full pay
for life, commencing with the 3d of March, 1826.
For this reason, we have provided, that in adjust-
ing their claims their half pay shall stop at the
time their pension commenced. That we thought
was right.
Another provision is, that those who have been
provided for by special acts shall be excluded
from the benefits of this bill. The principle upon
which this bill proposes to give to the children of the
officers of the Revolution is, that they did not re-
ceive that which had been promised to them; but
those who came in under special acts received all
that was promised them. Many others received
mere certificates, which were worth little or noth-
ing; but those for whose relief special acts have
been passed have received in money the full
amount of all that was ever promised to them.
I believe, Mr. President, that I have now given
all the explanation which it is necessary for me
to make.
Mr. MASON. It is now one o'clock, and I
desire, as I told the honorable Senator who re-
ported this bill, to confer with him upon some of
its provisions, and he has kindly assented to this.
I move, therefore, to postpone the further consid-
eration of the bill until to-morrow, with the view
of proceeding to the consideration of Executive
business.
The motion was agreed to.
MARSHALS AND JUDGES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be re-
quested to inquire into the expediency of increasing the
fees of the marshals of the northern and southern districts
of California, and also tlie salaries of the judges thereof.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On the motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the
doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 23, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
Thejournal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. FULLER. Mr. Speaker I rise to a priv-
ileged question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
will state his privileged question.
UNITED STATES COURTS AT PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope thegentleman from
Maine will first allow me one or two minutes to
bring some business before the House which will
occupy a very brief space of time.
Mr. FULLER. If I can accommodate the
gentleman from Pennsylvania without losing my
right to the floor, I will be happy to accede to his
request.
Mr. CHANDLER. The gentleman will not
lose his right to the floor. He can at any time
rise to a privileged question.
Mr. FULLER. Then I will be happy to yield
the floor to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is on your table,
Mr. Speaker, a bill from the Senate making pro-
vision for a <fourt-house, either to be hired orbuilt,
in the city of Philadelphia. I desire to state in
relation to this bill, what my colleague [Mr. Flor-
ence] would have stated yesterday, perhaps with
more emnhasis than I shall do now, that the United
States court for the eastern district of Pennsyl-
vania will, in a few months, be without any place
for the holding of their terms. There can be no
writs sued out for returns to the place where they
now sit, as the consolidated city requires these
rooms. The Senate being deeply impressed with
the great importance of this matter, took up the
bill which was reported to them, and immediately
it. I desire, therefore, the unanimous
consent of the House to take up that bill from
the table, and have it read for the information of
the House, that they may see what other provis-
ions are required in it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope it will be taken up
and immediately put upon its passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let us hear the
bill read first.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
the bill will be taken up and read by its title.
