1434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
not been moved, and the gentleman from Ken-
tucky has a riirht to address the House.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I desne to ask the
gentleman from California, [Mr. McDougall], if
he is able to answer me, for my own recollection
is not very accurate on the subject—what is the
amount which we now pay for the transportation
of the maris between the Atlantic coast and Cali-
fornia?
Mr. McDOUGALL. We pay about $384,000
on this side of Panama, and $342,680 on the other
side.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. What is the whole
amount ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. About #716,000.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I am a friend to this
bill, and ,will give a single reason for my being so.
We are paying* now about $716,000 annually for
the transportation of the mails between the Atlan-
tic coast and California, and that is for a semi-
monthly mail. This bill proposes to double the
service, making; it a weekly mail, which i think is
little enough between the Atlantic andPacificcoast,
and to pay therefor $250,000 per year. We would
thus get double as much mail service for $250,000
as we now get for $716,000, which shows the ad-
vantage of putting out tliese contracts to the lowest
bidder; for I presume that the gentlemen from
California, [Messrs. McDougall and Latham,]
who ore chiefly interested in this arrangement,
are confident that the service can be performed
at that pnce.
Now, I believe that we ought to have a weekly
moil service between the Atlantic and Pacific coast,
and I am willing to vote for this bill per se. But
J call the attention of the House to the fact, that
consequent on the passage of this bill, we ought to
break up the existing arrangements for the bi-
monthly transportation of these maila, and put
that service up to the lowest bidder, so that we
may get the service which now costs us something
about $716,000 annually, performed for $250,000.
By this means, we will get the weekly service at
a good deal less than that which we now pay for
the bi-monthly service under the old arrangement.
Mr. LATHAM. I wish to say a word in reply
to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Bkkckin-
ridgk.] There is a bill now pending befoie this
body contemplating the rescinding of the present
mail contract via the Panama rout'.-. This bill
was intimluced by the chniiman of the Committee
on the Post Cilice and Post Roads, [Mr. Oi.ds,]
and will no doubt be acted uppn this session, i
am in favor of such rescinding, provided U can
be done with justice to the contractors, and in ac-
cordance with the dignity of our Government. I
would not be in favor of the Government doing
anything which she would not be compelled to do
by strict legal and equitable principles. But if it
can he done honorably to all parties, then this
contract ought to be annulled. The mad can be
carried, in my opinion, weekly, for half a millio.n
per annum. That, would give us a weekly mail
service lor $300,000 less than is now paid for a
semi monthly service. 1 believe, at this time, the
present company winch has the large contract, if
the bids were to be received again, would carry
the mail weekly for $500,000 per annum. And 1
further believe that there would be competition
among the different companies. While here, let
me any that, when this subject was up a few days
since, in considering t he hill of the gentleman from
Tennessee, fMr. CjioncinvFLL,] I said that the
Nicaiagua line was far more expeditious than
thp Panama line, and that the latter was invariably
behindhand from three to five days. I am satisfied
I did the Panama line injustice; and I have a table
here which shows correctly, as 1 am informed, the
time made by these two routes since September,
1853:
Comparative Statement.
Nicaragua Jirrival at Punumu. Mail Jtrriral at
Stemncr. New York. S!c-nt\cr. A'cu- iork.
Star of th<; West. Sept. 9, \53 flhuoix Srpt. 10, '.',.3
Northern Light..Sept.2G, *53 Crescent Citv .."Oct. 5, '5.3
Star of the YW.st. Oct. 9,'.>3 Illinois Hi, V>J
Northern Lt^nt..Oct. 27,'53 Ohio Oct. \r>3
Star of the West. Nov. 9,'53 Geojge Law., ..Nov. 9, '53
rrofwth 'Uy Nov. 2N, >53 Illinois Nov. 28, >o3
Staroniie Wes-t.Dec. 13,'53 George Law.... Dec. 14. '53
iJimois ffnn. 5. '.>4
Starofihe West Jars. 8, J54 Georse Law...Jan. 8, Kti
Northern Lijih t. .Jan. 24,'54 Ohio". Jan. 29, *64
S*tar of ibe Wf-bt Feb. 9,'54 George Law. ..Feb. 10, '51
Noufeern Li^lit. .Feb. -23,'54 Umpire City.,..JMar. 4,'54
Star of the West. Mar. 33,'54 George Law...Mar. 14, '54
Noithern Light..Mar. $5, '54 Ohio Mar. 29, '54
Stai oftheWesr.April 9,'54 George Law...Apiil 9, '54
Noithern Linlit.. Apiii 25, '54 Illinois, April 2*>} '54
Star ofthe West.May 93'54 George, Law,. ..May 9,'54
Northern Light. .May 25, '54 Illinois May 25,'54
* Caused by the break-down of the Georgia.
fLoss of the Winfield Scott on the Pacific, immediately
replaced by another steamer, brought &ix days later news.
| Accident to the Georgia.
NfcW York, May 31, 1854.
This table was given to me by a gentleman
connected with the Panama route, who vouched
for its coriectness; and I feel bound in honor to
correct my previous error.
I feel deep anxiety in this bill, Mr. Chairman,
as do my colleagues and our constituents. There
has been no bill before Congress of so much im-
portance to the present oommeicial prosperity and
wants of the Pacific coast as the one now under
consideration. Sir, if there had been a weekly
mail between the Atlantic and Pacific coast, much
of the rum and commercial prostration which has
occurred fiom the trade between the same would
have been obviated. The supply and demand in
trade between the Atlantic cities and San Fran-
cisco has been almost always disproportionate,
and great loss has necessarily ensued. Every
member within the sound of my voice has con-
stituents who are interested in this matter in a
greater or less degree, and I do trust they will co-
operate in carrying out this measure.
Tins bill stands on its own merits, and should
not be made to rest on the merits or demerits of a
contract made in 1849, when it was difficult to get
any one to accept a contract to carry the mail
between New York and San Francisco. It was
difficult to find the capital, and still more difficult
to find men willing to hazard it m an enterprise at
that time fraught with danger and vicissitudes.
These things should be considered. And it also
should be considered that the present people of
California, and the commerce of that country, had
nothing to do m making the present contiact, and
ought hot to suffer fVom'bad legislation, over which
they had no control. I sincerely trust the bill will
paNN, and mi act of simple justice be done to Cali-
fornia. I yield to the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. lUiuiY ]
Mr BARRV. I entirely agree with the gentle-
man as to the importance of a frequent mail com-
munication between the two oceans. But we
huve a contract already on hand, by which we
pay §,750,000 for a semi-monthly mail. It is pro-
posed to let that stand, and add $250,000 for an-
other semi-monthly mail.
Mr. OLDS, (interrupting.) We pay $738,000,
besidesthe Isthmustransportation, whichamounts
to over $100,000, which makes it $838,000.
Mr. BARRY". Then it will all amount to
over $,£00,000. Now, sir, I am not anxious to
reduce the mail facilities between the Atlantic
and Pacific coasts one particle. On the contrary,
I would vote to give them every dollar they now
have, if we could not, get the mails transported
without it. liut we can provide California with a
semi-monthly mail for §,250,000, by rescinding
this contract. Therefore we ought, before we
vote one dollar more to increase the burden of the
Post OlHce Department,.to rescind the contract
already in existence. It would be unjust in the
last degree to puss this bill in the present state of
the finances of that Department of the Govern-
ment, without the certainty of the rescission of
the other contract. If you can rescind that con-
tract, you can get, for the $850,000, a communi-
cation between the two oceans, not only by a
semi-monthly, but, perhaps, by a semi-weekly
mail.
Weallknowthatcontracta never go backwards.
The Colims line, while making a fortune by its
contract with the Government, obtaining interest
beyond what could be obtained by any other in-
vestment m the country, came here and a-sked an
increase of that compensation, and Congress nearly
doubled it. These railroad and steamship com-
panies cannot be restrained by this House, except
by keeping them where they now are, and getting
from them all we are entitled to, before listening to
their demands. They have an influenceupon this
House which will overwhelm it, unless resisted;
and as you have them not in your power, you can-
not induce thern to yield one dollar of the money
which tiiey have extorted from you, either by
fraud, persuasion, or in any other manner. Un-
less you have them in your power, it is an abso-
lute absurdity to expect it.
If there is a way by which we can abrogatethis
$750,000 contract, theo I think we had better de-
lay the passage of this bill until we can act upon
that proposition. Let us dissolve this contract at
once, and the question will arise as to how much
we shall pay a new contractor. If that be done, I
repeat, that I do not see any necessity for dimin-
ishing the amount paid for this service. I am
willing that this amount should be paid for secur-
ing proper mail facdities with California, and I
think by adopting this course the gentleman from
California will lie abfe to secure a better bargain
then he will get by this bill. I am willing and
anxious to see the expenses of the Post Office
Department reduced in many paiticulars, hut not
in this. I do not think the public interest requires
that any reduction should be made in this instance.
I would like to have it ascertained what power we
have over this company. If, therefore, this bill be
laid aside informally for the present, I will vote
for abrogating the present contract, if it i>s in our
power to do it. Let us dispose of that matter first,
and then 1 will vote for appropriating the same
amount of money to secure a proper mail service
to that State. I would be willing to accede to such
a proposition, and I believe a majority of the
House would so vote.
Mr. MACE. I will say to my friend from Cal-
ifornia, inasmuch as this bill has been connected
with the other mail service to California, which
the committee, of which 1 am a member, have
under consideration, that I am decidedly in favor
of it. It will be recollected that near the com-
mencement of the present session, the House
raised a special committee to inquire into the ex-
penses and frauds growingout of our mail steamer
service. In consequence of the business in which
the House has been engaged, we have been unable
to bring our report before them for their consider-
ation; but, sir, I will state to the House that in-
vestigations have been prosecuted by that com-
mittee sufficiently to enable them to understand
the true condition of that service. We shall be
enabled to present to the House in a few days—-
especially if the House should grant us a clerk
for the committee—some astounding facts in refer-
ence to the frauds and swindles which have grown
out of this whole service from its inception down
to the present time. After that shall have been
done—and I pledge myself that it shall be done
most eifectually—the very proposition which that
committee will present to the House will be the
means of enabling the gentleman from California
to pass this bill pei haps without a dissenting voice.
And I will say to thegentleman from California,
further, that if the Collin? steamer system shall
be continued, so far as the service between New-
York and California is concerned, I undertake to
say that this House will not appropriate $250,000
in addition,as is contemplated in this bill, for this
service. As a friend of the bill, therefore, I would
suggest that it be passed over informally for the
present, and let the House investigate this sub-
ject, which they have referred to our committee,
to the bottom. Let them ferret out all the frauds
which have been perpetrated from the inception of
this mail service down to the present time. It
will be shown that these companies have con-
stantly been receiving money from the Govern-
ment outside that which they properjy receive
under the contract, for which they have never ac-
counted to the Government.
Mr. ORR. I would ask the gentleman from
Indiana, who is the chairman of the committee to
which he refers, whether that committee has con-
sidered how the Government is to be relieved from
the existing contract with this company for carry-
ing the mail between New York and California?
As I understand the law, the original contract was
made for ten years, and the price stipulated to be
paid was to he continued for that time, unless the
Government took the vessels belonging to the
company at a valuation. There were certain pre-
requisites which it was necessary should be com-
plied with by the company. The-company were
to build a certain number of steamers of a par-
ticular description. I desire to inquireof the gen-
tleman from Indiana, whether his committee have
investigated the question as to how far the con-
tractors have complied, on their part, with the
contract? I take it, that if they have notcomplied
with it, we may at once rescind the contract. If
