724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
Jt was read, as follows:
An act to provide a place for the post office in
the city of Philadelphia, and for the courts of the
United States for the eastern district of the State
of Pennsylvania.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. If the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] wiil
allow me for a moment, I will say that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have had referred to them
a general bill, making a similar provision for ob-
taining a court-house in Boston. I think it is
almost in the very words of this bill. Having had
various memorials referred to us in reference to
the same subject as relates to the city of Philadel-
Ehia, and the city of New York also, where the
uilding formerly occupied by the courts was
burned a short time since, the committee have in-
structed me to report an amendment to the bill
which has been referred to us, authorizing tempo-
rary provision to be made for the United States
courts in the three cities of Philadelphia, Boston,
and New York; and, at the same time, directing
the President to procure sites, either by purchase
or otherwise—for it is understood that in the city
of New York a site will be provided by that city
without expense to the General Government—and
to submit plans and estimates for the erection of
buildings in those three cities, suited to the pur-
poses for which they are intended.
If it were the will of the House I could present
that report at the present time, and the bill could
be put upon its passage, either with the amend-
ment, if adopted, or without it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should dislike to inter-
fere with the wishes of the chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee, but it is a matter of absolute
necessity that this bill should be passed soon, in
order that the proper preparations may be made
for the holding of the regular terms of the court.
The judges have written to me, pressing upon my
attention the importance of this matter, and urging
its immediate passage by the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee that it would be better to
permit this bill to pass at the present time discon-
nected with the one which he proposes to repoit
from the Committee on the Judiciary. If I under-
stand the gentleman from Tennessee, this bill will
not interfere with the one to which he has referred.
It is necessary that some arrangement should be
made for the United States courts in Philadelphia
at an early day.
The courts, I believe, meet in April, and there
are only six weeks, at furthest, to make the neces-
sary preparations. The rooms now occupied for
that purpose wiil have to be vacated on the first of
April, and therefore I think it will be very much
better to allow this bill to pass, and afterwards the
Committee on the Judiciary can avail itself of an
early opportunity to present their plan for securing
permanent places for the United States courts, and
for the post oflice business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I believe I have thefloor,
and think I can no longer yield it. I am persuad-
ed that the proposition made by the chairman of
the Judiciary Committee [Mr. Stanton] will have
an unfavorable bearing upon the passage of the
present bill, the passage of which is so necessary
at this time. I move to put the bill upon its pas-
sage, and upon that 1 call the previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. Did not th§ gentleman
yield me the floor ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I did yield for a moment,
but I am anxious to get along with the matter as
soon as possible.
Mr. STANTON. I beg leave to say to the
gentleman from 1'ennsylvania that it is not my in-
tention to throw any obstacle in the way of his
bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has called the previous question, and
debate is not in order.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his call for a moment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will withdraw it.
Mr. STANTON. It will be observed that the
bill provides for the making a permanent leape,
lasting ten years. A similar provision is to be
made in a bill for a court-house in Boston.
It is absolutely necessary that something should
be done in the three cities of Boston, New York,
and Philadelphia, and the Committee on the Judi-
ciary thought it the interest of the United States,
rather than to makea leaae for ten years, to put up
buildings of a propercharacter—fire-proof buildings
—for court-houses and post offices. If this bill
should be passed, any provision in it for a per-
manent lease would certainly be wrong. I think,
therefore, we had better make provision at once
for permanent buildings for these court-houses and
post offices, and the Committee on the Judiciary
have instructed me to report an amendment for
that purpose.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think the necessity there
is for some immediate action in this case renders
it imperative for me to ask the House to pass this
bill as it is; and I therefore insist upon my demand
for the previous question.
Upon seconding the demand for the previous
question, sixty-nine gentlemen rose in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask for tellers upon the
second.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vail and
Robbing were appointed.
The House was then divided, and the tellers
reported—ayes 72, noes 45.
So the previous question received a second.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. PRESTON. I desire that the third read-
ing of the bill shall be in full. 1 did not hear, on
account of the confusion in the Hall, what its
provisions were on the former reading.
The bill was read through.
Mr. PRESTON. I would ask, Mr. Speaker,
whether the purchase or lease is conditional?
Mr. CHANDLER. Everything is conditional.
Mr. PRESTON. Let that portion of the bill
be again read.
The Clerk read the portion of the bill referred
to, as follows:
" Hy leasinj; and fitting tip the same for a term of years,
loss limn ton v<>arf, or by purchase ; provided that no pur-
chase shall take placp, except conditionally, and dependent
upon the making of an appropnatyjn by Congress."
Mr. SAGE. This isa very important measure,
and one that it strikes me ought to receive the full
consideration of the House. I should have greatly
preferred to have seen it come from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. I move, under all the cir-
cumstances, that it be recommitted-for this day
week.
Mr. PRESTON. I rise to offer a motion which
will supersede that submitted by the gentleman.
I move that the consideration of the bill be post-
poned until to-morrow at two o'clock.
Mr. HOUSTON. As this bill is the beginning
of a system of building post offices and court-
rooms all over the country, 1 think that it is best
we should mature it. Therefore, in my opinion,
it should go to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, that it may be examined
and discussed. If it be in order, I submit that
motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is upon the floor, and has submitted a mo-
tion that the further consideration of the bill be
postooned until to-morrow at two o'clock.
Mr. PRESTON, I concur fully in what the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
has said. This is the beginning of a system of
ownership of post offices and court-houses by
the General Government. I am unwilling to vote
for it at present, and therefore move that it be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. CLINGMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. PRESTON. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will modify my motion. I desire that
the bill shall be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, so that it may
be open to amendment; and for that reason I move
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time, in
order to place us in a'position to do so.
Mr. ROBBINS. I move that that motion be
laid upon the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have the floor, and I do
not yield to my friend from Pennsylvania.
I think, with the gentlemen all around me, that
this is a matter of some importance, and it is well
to let it go to the Committee on the Judiciary, as
moved by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Sage,] or to let it go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, as moved by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Preston.]
My object, however, in rising, is to prevent the
unnecessary consumption of time by discussion,
and I therefore move the previous question.
Mr. ROBBINS. What is the pending1 motion ?
The SPEAKER. The question is first on re-
considering the vote by which the bill was ordered
to a third reading.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The Chair misunderstood
me. 1 understood the gentleman from Kentucky
to move to commit the bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and the gen-
tleman from New York moved to commit it to the
Committee on the Judiciary. I moved thej^re-
vious question on those motions, and not on the
motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
was, however, submitted by the gentleman from
Kentucky, and it will be the first question to be
voted on.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I obfained-the floor regu-
larly, and I take it for granted that I had aright to
move the previous question on the pending mo-
tions. Well, the pending motions are to commit
the bill to the Committee ofthe Wholeon the state
of the Union and to commit it to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider is
also pending.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I am willing that
the previous question shall apply to them ail, but
especially to the motion to commit the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. To the Judiciary Com-
mittee?
Mr. CLINGMAN. The House can decide to
which committee it shall be referred.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question is
sustained, the House will be brought first to vote
upon the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was ordered to a third reading. If that is
cairied, then on the motion to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; and on that motion
I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell
and Vail were appointed.
The question was then put; and the tellers
repoited—ayes 45, noes not counted.
So the House refused to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
The question now being on reconsidering the
vote by which the bill was ordered to a third read-
ing, it was put, and the motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to refer the bill to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
not exhausted itself yet.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Could the motion
to commit be pending in different states? The
motion was presented in a different shape; and
the bill had been also ordered to a third reading.
The SPEAKER. The motion to commit was
only changed in its direction.
Mr. JONES. It seems to me that a motion to
reconsider would supersede that motion, and that
it would require a new motion to change the di-
rection.
The SPEAKER. If gentlemen are disposed
to be technical, perhaps that would be the law of
the question. The motion to commit was cer-
tainly made by two gentlemen upon the floor.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Sec-
retary, informing the House that it had passed a
bill (S. No. 119,) entitled, an act to regulate the
pay and increase the efficiency of the Army of the
United States, and for other purposes; and asking
the concurrence of the House therein.]
Mr. PRESTON. 1 understand that the pre-
vious question was to operate upon my motion to
commit the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The previous question, un-
less by unanimous consent, has now exhausted
itself; that is, on the motion to commit the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, which
has under consideration bills of a similar char-
acter.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move the previous ques-
tion.
