2292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
kee, Alabama, Rock Mills, Roanoke, and High
Pine, to Wedowee, Alabama.
From Lagrange, by Houston, to Franklin.
From Lanier to Oglethorpe.
From Lannahassee, by Bottsford, Pleasant
Level, Flat Point, to Starkville.
From Lawrenceville, by Suwannee, Shenton-
ville, and Cumming, to High Tower.
From Lawrenceville, by Chinkapin Grove,
Auburn, Mulberry, and Marcus, to Jefferson.
From Lexington to Lexington Depot.
From Lexington, by Point Peter, Broad River,
Elberton, Harmony, Coldwater, Montevideo,
Evergreen, South Carolina, Rock Mills, Moun-
tain Creek, to Anderson C. H.
From Lombardy.by Republican, Reedy Creek,
Spread Oak, and Sylvan Grove, to Fenn's Bridge.
From Loudsville to Clarksville.
From Lowellville, by Roeky Mount, Holly,
Gold Hill, and Hogansville, to Corinth.
From Lithonia, by Flat Rock, to White House.
From Lithonia to Rockbridge.
From Macon, by Reynoldsville, Fort Valley,
Powdersville, Reynold's Steam Factory, to Co-
lumbus.
From Macon, by Fort Valley, Marshallsville,
Winchester, and Montezuma, to Oglethorpe.
From Macon,by Colaparchee, Forsyth, Barnes-
ville, Milner, Griffin, Bear Creek, Jonesboro',
Rough and Ready, and East Point, to Atlanta.
From Macon, by Jeffersonville, Marion, and
Twiggsville, to Tarversville.
From Macon,by Colaparchee, Forsyth, Barnes-
ville, and Milner, to Griffin.
From Madison, by Double Shoals, Salem, and
Farmington, to Watkinsville.
From Madison,by Hearnsvilleand Shady Dale,
to Monticello.
From Madison, by Glade's Cross Roads, Eat-
onton, Staflordville, Blountsville, and Clinton, to
Macon.
From Magnolia to Blount's Ferry, Florida.
From Magnolia, by Coilee C. H., to Swan's
Store.
From Magnolia, by Carter's Bridge and Ala-
paha, to Troupvtlle.
From Marietta, by Roswell, Lebanon Farm
House, Big Creek, Cumming, Coal Mountain,
Crossville, and Aararia, to Dahlonega.
From Marietta, by Lost Mountain, to Dallas,
m Paulding county.
From Marietta, by Noonday and Woodstock,
to Canton.
From Marietta, by Powder Springs, to Salt
Springs.
From Marion, by CooUSprings, to Lauren's
Hill.
From Marshallville to Lanier C. H.
From Mayfield to Powelton.
From Mayfield, by Rock Mills, Shoals of
Ogeechee, Curry's Mills, and Fenn's Bridge, to
Davisboro'.
From Maysville, by Grove Level, Bushville,
Nails Creek, Middle River, and Holliugsworth,
to Allendale.
From Milledgeville, by Blountsville, Tran-
qu.lla, Hillsboro', Monticello, Palo Alto, Leaks-
ville, and Starsville, to Covington.
From Miiledgeville, by Talmadge, to Gordon,
From Milledgeville, by Clopton's Mills, to
Eatonton.
From Milledgeville, by Dennis, to Eatonton.
From Milledgeville, by Black Springs, Alti-
mira, Sparta, and Powelton, to Double Wells.
From Midville, by Conoochee, to Swains-
borough.
From Millin to Waynesborough,
From Morganton to Murphey, North Caro-
lina.
From McDonough, by Spring, to Sandy Ridge.
From Moseley's Store to Walton's Ford, on
Tugalo River.
From Mount Yonah, by Mossy Creek and
Polkvilte, to Poplar Spring, Hall county.
From Mount Vernon, by Little York, to Sugar
Creek.
From Mount Vernon, by Sterling
ville.
to Reids-
From Morvin, by Shank Ferry, Hahird, Avat
Randalls, to Orel.
^ From Monticello, by Gladesville, Graball, Card-
vine, and Poverty Hill, to Macon.
From Newnan, by Saluda and Kidron, to
* ayetteville.
From Newnan, by Lodi, Rotherwood, and
Bowersville, to Carrollton.
From Newnan, by Paris, Location, and Har-
ralson, to Erin.
From Newnan, by Rio and Enon Grove, to
Franklin.
From Newnan, by County Line, Cedar Branch,
River Town, Cambleton, Salt Springs, and
Powder Springs, to Marietta.
From Oglethorpe, by Americus, Starkville,
Palmyra, Albany,Newton, Brainbridge, Q,uincy,
and Salubrity, to Tallahassee, Florida.
From Oglethorpe, by Grangerville, Poindexter,
Fragoletta, Tazewell, Buena Yista, Glenalta,and
Halloca, to Columbus.
From Oglethorpe, by Hamburg, Pondtown,
Buena Vista, Searsville, Richland, Lumpkm,
Bladen Creek, and Georgetown, to Eufaula, Ala-
bama.
From Oglethorpe, by Lanier, Howard, IJpa-
tire, and Steam-Factory, to Columbus.
From Oglethorpe, by Jallappa and Byronsville,
to Vienna.
From Okapilko to Piscola.
From Palmetto, by County Line,Cedar Branch,
Riverton, and Campbellton, to Palmetto.
From Pendam's Store, by Linder'aBluff, Burd-
dishville, Rush ville, and Esonville, to Holmesville.
From Perry to Henderson.
From Philadelphia to Savannah.
From Pleasant Hill, by Bellville, BlufFSprings,
Waverly Hall, and Ellerslie, to Columbus.
From Raysville, by Leathersville, to Lincoln-
ton.
From Pond Town, by Q,uebec, to Holly Grove.
From Pond Town, by Buena Vista, Glenalta,
Halloca, and Ciutnfield, to Columbus.
From Resaca, by Sugar Valley, Villanova,
Gordon Springs, Chestnut Flats, and Lafayette,
to Fi ick's Gap.
From Ringgold, by Wood's Station, to Lafay-
ette.
From Rieehoro', by Walthourville, to Hines-
ville.
From Rome, by Vann's Valley, to Cedarfown.
From Rome, by Annuchee, Dirttown, Sum-
mervilfe, Tnon Factory, Lafayette, Rock Spring,
Snow Hill, and Roseville, to Ringgold.
From Rome, by Thomas's Mills, to Alabama,
via the south side of Coosa river.
From Rome,by Vann's Valley, to Cave Spring.
From Sandersville, by Warthen's Store, to
Long's Bridge.
From Savannah, by Gayton, Egypt, Halcyon-
dale, Ogechee, Scarborough, Milhn, Midville,
Holcomb, Spear's Turnout, Davisborough, Ten-
mile, Oconee, Emmett, McDonald, Gordon, and
Griswoldville, to Macon.
From Savannah to New York.
From Savannah, by Riceboro' and South New-
port, to Danen.
From Savannah, by Darien, Brunswick, St.
Mary's, Mayport Mills, Florida, Yellow Bluff,
Jacksonville, Mandarin, Hibernia, Middlehurgh,
Picolata, to Pilatka, Florida.
From Social Circle, by Brick Store and New-
born, to Ebenezer.
From Social Circle, by Monroe, Good Hope,
High Shoals, and Watkinsville, to Athens.
From Spear's Turnout to Louisville.
From Spear's Turnout to Battle Ground.
From St. Mary, by Woodstock Mills, Florida,
to Centre Village, Georgia.
From Stone Mountain, by Pinckneyville, to
Warsaw.
From Stone Mountain, by Sweetwater, Yellow
River, Lawrenceville, Cain's, and Hog Mountain, I
to Gainesville.
From Sparta to Tennille.
From Sparta to Mount Zion.
From Sugar Hill, by Cobbsville, to Jackson-
ville.
From Swayne's Store to Waresboro*.
From Swamesboro', by Ohopee, to Reidsville.
From Talbotton, by Reabone, to Hootenville.
From Tenmlle to Rick's Mills.
From Tennille, by Irwin's Cross Roads and
Buck Ey* , to Dublin.
From Tennille to Sandersville.
From Thomasville, by Dekeb's Store and Glas-
gow, to Monticello, Florida.
From Thomasville to Bainbridge.
From Thomasville, by Eastwood, to Miccosn-
kee, Florida.
From Thomasville, by Boston, GroovervilJe,
and Stanton, to Monticello, Florida.
From Thomasville, by Okapilco and Morven,
to Troupville.
From Thompson, by Rightsboro', Raysville,
Winfield, Applin, and White Oak, to Thompson.
From Toomsborough, by Miiburn, Stephens-
ville, and Cool Springs, to Lauren's Hill.
From Troupville, by Piscola and Cherry Lake,
Florida, to Madison C. H.
From Troupville, by Griffin's Mills, Fiat Creek,
and Edenfield, to Erwinsville.
From Troupville, by Clayattsville, to Belleville,
Florida.
From Union Point, by Public Square., to Philo-
math.
From Union Point, by Woodville, Baidstown,
and Maxey, to Athens.
From Vernon, by Antioch, W ehadkee, Ala-
bama, Rock Mills, Roanoke, and High Pine, to
Wedokee.
From Villa Rica, by Pleasant Vale, Etna, and
Cedartown, to Cave Spring.
From Villa Rica to Van Wert.
From Villa Rica, by Burnt Stand, Tallapoosa,
Oak Level, Alabama, and Rabbit Town, to Jack-
sonville, Alabama.
From Villa Rica to Flint Hill.
From Villa Rica, by Pumpkin Vine and Dallas,
to Powder Springs.
From Waresboro', by Ocean Wave, to Fredo-
nia.
From Waresboro', by Kettle Creek, to Centre-
ville.
From Waresboro', by St. Ilia, Holmesville,
Pmey Head, Stafford's Ferry, and Watermelon,
to Reidsville.
From Washington, by Danburg, Petersburg,
Calhoun's Mills, South Carolina, and Lebanon,
to Abbeville, South Carolina.
From Washington, by Mallorysville, Fish
Darn, Indian Hill, to Elberton.
From Washington to Rehoboth.
From Washington to Centreville.
From White Sulphur Springs, by Warm
Springs and Q,uito, to Bellevue.
From Winchester, by Minerva, to Horse
Head.
From Young Cane, by Stock Hill, Tekenetely,
and Carticay, to Talking Rock.
Florida.—From Adamsville, by Pineborough
and Fort Butler, to Lake Griffin.
From Alligator, by White Springs, Jasper,
Jennings, Belleville, Cherry Lake, Hamburg,
Clifton, and Ancilla, to Monticello.
From Alligator, by Durham, to Olustee.
From Alligator,by Suwannee Shoals, to Blount's
Ferry.
From Augusta to Homasassa.
From Appalachicola, by Chattahoochee, to
Columbus, Georgia.
From Alaqua to Geneva, Alabama.
From Bainbridge, Georgia, by Chattahoochee,
Marianna,Scourlock'sSprings,Webbville, Camp-
bellton, Geneva, Alabama, Gentsviile, Florida,
Milton, and Floridatown, to Pensacola.
From Bainbridge, Georgia, by Chattahoochee,
Ochesee, West Wmton, Rickoe's Bluff, Iola, and
Fort Gadsden, to Appalachicola.
From Barbour's, by New River, Fort Harlee,
and Fort Crane, to Micanopy.
From Enterprise to New Smyrna.
From Fanning, Levy county. Fort (Fanning,)
by Cook's Hammock, Warrior, Fenhalloway,
Eauperire, Madison county, and Rocky Ford, to
Waukeena, Jefferson county.
From Gary's Ferry, by Fort Harlee, New-
nansvilie, and Ellisville, to Alligator.
From Holmes's Valley to St. Andrew's Bay.
From Homosassa to Atsena Otie.
From Homosassa, by Crystal River, Long
Pond, to Wacasassa.
From Jacksonville to Haddocks.
From Jacksonville, by Brandy Branch, Bar-
bers, and Ocean Pond, to Alligator.
From Jasper, by Blount's Ferry and Rauler-
son's Ferry, to Centre Village, Georgia.
From Key West, by Key Vaccas, to Miami.
From Key West, by Indian Key, to Charles-
ton, South Carolina.
From Key West, by Manatee, Tampa, Cedar
Keys, St. Marks, Appalachicola, and Pensacola,
to New Orleans, Louisiana.
