1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Prom Madison, by Charles's Mills, Charles's
Ferry, New Boston, Troy, and Collins, to Clay
Landing.
From Madison, by Hamburg and Clifton, to
Groversville, Georgia.
From Marianna, Jackson county, to St. An-
drew's Bay.
From Marianna, by Calhoun C. H., to Appa-
lachicola.
From Marianna, by Orange Hill, Yernon, Ho-
liness Valley, and Knox Hill, to Uchee Anna.
From Marianna to Ochesee.
From Marianna to Abe Spring.
From Melendez to Augusta.
From Mellonville to New Smyrna.
From Mellonville to Gernigan.
From Micanopy to Gainesville, in Alachua coun-
ty.
From Middleburgh to Newnansville.
From Milton, by Coon Hill, Nathansville, Al-
abama, and Fort Crawford, to Sparta, Alabama.
From Milton, by East River and Alaqua, to
Uchee Anna.
From Monticello, by Grooversville, Georgia,
£o Thomasville. 5
From Newnansville to New River.
From Newnansville, by Fort Clark, Wacahoo-
tie, Micanopy, Flemington, and Newton, to Ocala.
From Newnansville, by Tustenawagga, Santa
Fe, Fort Fanning, and Waccasassa, to AtsenaOtie.
From Newnansville, by Fort Harlee, to Mid-
dlebury.
From Newport, by Waukeenah, to Monticello.
From New Smyrna, by Indian River and Jupi-
ter, to Miami.
From Ocala, by Long Swamp and Adamsville,
to Abrahamtown.
From Oglethorpe, Georgia, by Cuthbert, Blake-
ley, and Woodville, Alabama, to Marianna, Flor-
ida.
From Orange Springs, by Micanopy, to Fort
Crane.
From Pensacola, by Appalachicola, St. Mark's,
and Atsena Otie, to Key West.
From Pensacola, by Blakeley, Alabama, to Mo-
bile.
From Pensacola, by Escambia, to Belleville,
Alabama.
From Pilatka, by Orange Springs, Orange Lake,
Ocala, Camp Izard, Melendez, Augusta, and Fort
Taylor, to Tampa.
From Pilatka, by Madisonboro', Newnansville,
and Ellisville, to Alligator.
From Pilatka, by Webatka and Enterprise, to
Mellonville.
From Pilatka, by Picolata, Middleburgh, Mag-
nolia Mills, Mandarin, and Jacksonville, to
Charleston, South Carolina.
From GUiincy to Appalachicola.
From Cluincy to Chattahoochee.
From Cluincy to Secludo.
From Stillepica to Finhalloway.
From Spring Hill, Benton county, by Melendez
and Cedar Tree, to Fort Dale.
From St. Augustine, by Smyrna, Indian River,
San Lucia, Jupiter, Miami, Key Largo, Indian
Key, Key West, Charlotte Harbor, Sarasota,
Tampa, Cedar Keys, St. Mark's, Appalachicola,
St. Joseph's, and St. Andrew's, to Pensacola.
From St. Augustine to Picolata.
From St. Augustine, by Jacksonville and Kirk-
land, to St. Mary's.
From St. Joseph's to Appalachicola.
From Tallahassee, by Hoses Beasley'g, on the
Toiogee, to Ridleysville, on the Appalachicola
river.
From Tallahassee, by Centerville, Mannington,
and Duncansville, Georgia, to Thomasville, Geor-
gia.
From Tallahassee, by Benhaden, Shell Point,
Patuxet, and Sophchoppy, to Walker.
From Tallahassee, by Nickosukee and South-
erland, to Monticello.
From Tallahassee, by Salubrity and Cluincy,
to Bainbridge, Georgia.
From Tallahassee, by Waukeenah, Monticello,
Beasley, Stockton, Mosely Hall, Shil Cpica,
Madison C. H., Columbus, Mineral Springs, and
Little River, to Alligator.
From Tallahassee to St. Mark's.
From Tallahassee to Newport.
From Tampa, by Ichepuckesassa and Jernigan,
to Mellonville.
From Tampa to Manatee.
From Tampa, by Kennedy's Store and Sum-
merle w's Store, to Fort Mellon.
From Tampa to Old Tampa Bay.
From Vernon to St. Andrew's Bay.
From Wacahootie, by EmathJa, Camp Izard,
Homasassa, Augusta, and Chocohatie, to Fort
Dale.
From West Wynton, by Asper Grove, to
Abes' Springs.
•Alabama.—From Abbeville, by Clopton, to
Barnes's Cross Roads.
From Andalusia to Milton, (Florida.)
From Ashville, by Mount Niles and Taylor, to
Village Springs.
From Ashville, by Branchville, Cedar Grove,
Bridgeton, Highland, and Woodsboro', to Mon-
tevallo.
From Ashville, by Broken Arrow, Cropwell,
and Kelly's Creek, to Harpersville.
From Ashville, by Greensport and Polksville,
to Alexandria.
From Athens, by White Sulphur Springs,
Bridgeforth's, Gilbertsboro', Bethel, Tennessee,
and Prospect, to Elkton.
From Aberfoil, by Edgefield and Farriorville,
to Troy.
From Barryton, by Nicholson's Store and
Macksville, Mississippi, to Quitman.
From Bellefonte to Rawlingsville.
From Bennettsville, by Atwood, Coxville, Fish-
er's Gap, Duck Spring, and Hendncksville, to
Van Buren.
From Benton, by Pleasant Hill and Bragg's, to
Mount Willing.  
From Big Pond, by Mud Creek and Olinda, to
Columbus, Mississippi.
From Blue Pond, by Leesburgh, King's Hill,
Turkeytown, and Gadsden, to Ashville.
From Blue Pond, by Cedar Bluff, Gaylesville,
Straight Neck, Missionary Station, Georgia, and
Coosa, to Rome.
From Blountsville, by Murphree's Valley,
Brooksville, Walnut Grove, and Crawford's Cove,
to Bennettsville.
From Bolivar, by Birmingham, Crow Creek,
to Winchester.
From Bolivar, by Valley Head, to Alpine,
Georgia.
From Brickville, by Leigh ton, to La Grange.
From Buena Vista to Bell's Landing.
From Burnt Corn, by Turnbull, Buena Vista,
and Newtown Academy, to Camden.
From Burnt Corn, by Belleville, Sparta, and
Brooklyn, to Andalusia.
From Burnt Corn, by Monroeville, Claiborne,
Gosport, Suggsville, and Jackson, to St. Stephens.
From Butler Springs, by Pine Apple and Al-
lentown, to Camden.
From Cahaba,by Cambridge, Rehoboth, Prairie
Bluff, and Canton, to Camden.
From Cahaba, by Portland, Moseley's Grove,
Elm Bluff, Richmond, Carlowsville, Snow Hill,
and Monterey, to Butler Springs.
From Cahaba, by Orrville, Fulton, Liberty
Hill, and Uniontown, to Macon.
From Camden, by Black's Buff, Bell's Land-
ing, Claiborne, Mount Pleasant.
From Montpelier to Stockton.
From Camden, by Clifton, Hampden, Shiloh,
Dixon's Mills, and Sweetwater, to Nanafalia.
From Carrollton to Bridgevilie.
From Cedar Bluff, by Gaylesville, Ringgold,
Cobb's Mills, Alpine, Teloga Springs, and Duck i
Creek, to Lafayette. !j
From Cedar Bluff, by Gaylesville, Cedar jj
Springs, Chatoogaville, Georgia, and Mellville, to !
Summerville.
From Centre to Cave Spring, Georgia.
From Centrevilie to Carroliton, in Tishemingo
county, Mississippi.
From Chambers, by Milltown and Louina, to
Wedowee.
From Chambers, by Fredonia, to Vernon,
Georgia.
From Chickasaw, by Eastport, Mississippi,
and Yellow Creek, to Jacinto.
From' Chickasaw to Buzzard's Roost.
From China Grove, by Mount Hilliard to
Bruceville.
From ChulaSnnee, by Blue Ridge and Flat
Rock, to Bowden.
From Chunenuggee, by Fort Browder, Batts-'
ville, and Coikee, to Eufaula. !
From Clayton to Troy. - ;
From Clinton, by Hopewell, Warsaw, Cooks-
ville, Mississippi, Mashulavitle and Buck Horn,
to Louisville.
From Coffeeviile, by Bladen Springs, . Old
Washington,Pleasant Valley, St. Steph en's, ;N ev
Wakefield, and Mount Vernon, to Citronelle.
From Columbus, Georgia, by Girard, Alabama,
Crawford, and Society Hill, to TuSkegee.*
From Columbus, Georgia, by Girard, Alabama,
Lamington, Sandfort, Uchee, Hernando, and
Enon, to Chunenuggee.
From. Columbus, Georgia, by Peru, Alabama,
Vilula, and Glennville, to Eufaula.
From Columbus, Georgia, by Girard, Ala-
bama, Dover, and Salem, to Opelika.
From Columbus, Georgia, by Woccoochee, Al-
abama, Mechanicsville, Berlin, and Osanippa, to
West Point, Georgia.
From Courtland, by Mountain Home, Moul-
ton Camp Spring, Kinlock, Thornhill, Eldridge,
Dublin, Sheffield, New Lexington, North River,
and Northport, to Tuscaloosa.
From Crawford, by Girard, to Columbus,
Georgia.
I From Cusseta, by Oak Bowery, Waverly, Fort
| Henderson, and Souchahatchie, to Notasgula.
From Dadeville, by Stowe's Ferry, Youngs-
! ville, Adam's Store, Soccopatoy, and Nixburgh,
I to Rockford.
| From Dadeville to Goldville.
! From Daleville, by Bridgeville, to Andalusia.
! From Daleville, by Newton, Saw Mill, Cure-
; ton's Bridge, Abbeville, Hilliardsville, and Frank-
! lin, to Fort Gaines, Georgia.
I From Decatur, by Ivy Bluff, Danville, Ba-
I sham's Gap, Houston, and Clear Creek Falls, to
' Jasper.
From Decatur, by Dry Creek, Courtland, and
Leighton, to Tuscurabia.
From Decatur, by Moorsville, to Athens.
From Demopolis, by Spring Hill, Linden,
Nanafalia, Pineville, and Morvin, to Coffeeviile.
From Dudleyville, by Horse Shoe Bend, to
Goldville.
From Elyton, by Fire Mill, Abner Woods,
Raben's Cross Roads, and Sander's Ferry, to
Jasper.
From Eufalia, to Shippensville, by Bush's
Cross Roads, Golden Valley, and Blue Springs.
From Eufala, by Otho, to Franklin.
From Eufala, by King's, Lawrenceville, Abbe-
ville, Mill Grove, Columbia, Open Pond, Mill-
wood, Florida, and Greenwood, to Marianna.
From Eutaw, by Forkland, to Demopolis.
From Fayette, by Pilgrim's Rest, Newtonville,
McConnell's, Hacleman's Cross Roads, and Pal-
metto, to Reform.
From Fayette, by Big Pond and Yellow Greek,
to Military Springs.
From Fayette, by Dublin and New River, to
Holly Grove.
From Fayette, by Middleton's and Hawkins,
to Moscow.
From Fayette, by Beaver, Dale, Ashbury, Mill-
port, Providence, Yorkville, and Spring Grove,
to Pickensville.
From Fayette C. H., by Big Pond, Mud Creek,
and Olinda, to Columbus, Mississippi.
From Gainesville, by Sumpterville, to Living-
ston.
From Geneva, by Cerro Gordo, Florida, Home
Springs, and Ponce de Leon, to Uchee Anna.
From Girard to Oswechee, in Russell county.
From Glenville, by Jernigan, to Florence,
Georgia.
From Gosport, by Suggsville, Grove Hill,
Choctaw Corner, Clay-Hill, atjd Shiloh, to Lin-
den.
From Goldville, by Youngsville and Lee's
Ridge, to Delta, in Randolph county.
From Greensboro', by Macon, Demopolis, Bel-
mont, and Bluffport, to Livingston.
From Greensboro',by Hollow Square, Eutaw,
Clinton, Pleasant Ridge, Hope, and Pickensville,
to Columbus, Mississippi.
From Greenville, by the Cross Roads, Guy
Bashdich's Bridge, Goshen-Hill Precinct, and
Fish Trap Bridge, on Conecuh, to Troy.
From Greenville, by Manningham, Barge's,
and Allenton, to Camden.
From Greenville, by Friendship, Butierville,
Salsoda, Miliville, New Providence, Hallsville,
and Gainer's Store, to Troy.
