726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
The SPEAKER then, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Post Office Department, transmitting, in pursuance
of a resolution of the House of the 20th instant, a
statement of the several sums paid for post office
blanks for the last four years, designating the
quantity and kind of blanks, the price paid for
each, tne district for which required, and the time
the contract expires.
Mr. HOUSTON. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, at
whose instance the resolution referred to was
adopted by the House, is not in his seat. There-
fore, I move that the communication be laid upon
the table, and order to be printed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. ORR. I move that the debate in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the Indian appropriation bill be closed to-morrow
at two o'clock, p. m., unless the committee shall
sooner come to a conclusion on the same. I hav.e
modified the motion somewhat, because there is to
be some debate on the merits of the bill. One gen-
tleman has already obtained the floor to speak on
a different subject; and that those who desire may
speak to the bill proper, I have proposed two
o'clock to-morrow. I trust the motion will be
adopted.
Mr. PECKHAM. If the motion be adopted,
will the Indian appropriation bill take precedence
of the private bills to-ntorrow ?
The SPEAKER. It will not, if the House go
into the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar.
Mr. PECKAHM. If it does cut off the con-
sideration of the private bills, I shall most respect-
fully oppose it.
The SPEAKER. The motion, if adopted, will
not control the order of business for Fridays and
Saturdays. It would be inoperative if the House
•would not go into the Committee of the Whole on
the Indian appropriation bill.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to; there being, on a division—ayes 75,
noes 56.
So the debate in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the Indian appropria-
tion bill was ordered to be closed to-morrow at
two o'clock, p. m.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the motion to close debate was adopted, and
that that motion be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question was then put on Mr. Jones's
motion, and it was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Phelps in
the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee last rose it had under consideration House
bill No. 46, "making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian De-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30, 1855," and that the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Millson] was entitled to the floor.
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS.
Mr. MILLSON remarked that he intended to
speak on the subject of the Nebraska bill. The
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cutting,] sev-
eral days since, said there was a sort of civil insur-
rection in the North, not to seeuie, but to defeat
the passage of the measure. This would indeed
be strange if we were not accustomed to observe
extraordinary mutations in politics in that quar-
ter. There was nothing in this question which
ought to alarm the apprehensions of the North.
If he might paraphrase a remark of Fox on the
Westminster scrutiny, he would say that this!
bill did not extend indulgence nor granted bare 1
justice to the South. !
We have, he said, before us two bills proposing
to organize territorial governments for Nebraska
and Kansas; the one reported by his honorable
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] and the i
other recently passed by the Senate. He preferred !
the bill reported in the House, but, at the same
time, he was not disposed to go into ecstacies even
over that. He, however, infinitely preferred it to
the other. This bill will, probably, be the first con- il
sidered in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, if we ever reach either of them, and
a proposition made to amend hy the insertion of
the provision adopted by the Senate, which had
become somewhat famous.
He then proceeded to discuss the effects of such
an amendment engrafted on this bill.
This was not the first time an effort had been
made to organize a territorial government for Ne-
braska. A bill was introduced for that purpose
in 1848. The South stood in opposition to it;
that was their natural and normal position in
relation to all such territorial bills. He was un-
willing to multiply free-soil or free States. We
now have five territorial establishments, and it is
expected we shall soon have seven. While,
however, he was not so sectional or prejudiced as
to object to the admission of a State because of its
absence of a clause in its Constitution recognizing
slavery—for he would vote for the admission of
any State which should properly present itself—
yet he was not willing to force a hot-bed system
of States.
Now it was said the objection of the South was
to be removed by repealing the Missouri restric-
tion. 1 his is designed to make the dose palata-
ble. As to the assertion of the great principle
of non-intervention as regards slavery in the Ter-
ritories, this could not be said to be binding upon
all so long as slavery is excluded from fhe Terri-
tories of Oregon, Washington, and Minnesota.
However, the principle is to be applied to Ne-
braska and Kansas, because, from the tenor of the
debates, it was not expected that slavery would go
there.
If the Missouri restriction was right, retain it;
if wrong, repeal it. There was no middle ground
between right and wrong. Could he be assured
that rio governmentwould be formed for Nebraska
and Kansas for twenty years, he should vote
against every bill for that purpose; but for reasons
of a sectional and political character, he should be
compelled now to give a voteon this question which
he would not give under other circumstances.
He then stated his objections to that part of the
Senate bill relating to slavery, arguing that injus-
tice was done thereby to the South. There was,
he contended, no features of resemblance between
the two bills, notwithstanding the remarks to the
contrary.
Mr. HUNT followed, and addressed the com-
mittee on the same subject. He said that in pre-
senting his sentiments, he would speak in the spirit
of a national representative, freely and independ-
ently, uninfluenced by sectional prejudices, un-
moved by clamor, fear, or aught else, with a mind
intent upon the point, and anxious to promote the
best interests of the country, to secure its peace
and harmony, and to perpetuate the Union of these
States.
The bill proposed to repeal the Missouri com-
promise of 1820. He wasopposed to this repeal,
as a violation of good faith, as contrary to the
true policy of the country, as engendering discord
and dissension among the people of the different
sections of the country, and putting to hazard the
permanency of this blessed and glorious Union.
In order to develop his views clearly, he ad-
verted to the history of the Missouri act of 1820,
to prove that it was a compromise, a satisfactory
settlement by those who had the authority to
make it, for one national advancement, for the
peace, the harmony, and the fraternity of our
Union. He cited from the records of the Con-
gress which passed this measure to show that it
was advocated by leading members of the South,
and that it received their support as a southern
measure.
He called upon the Representatives from all
sections, in the name of their country, to main-
tain the faith of their forefathers. He contended,
that by repealing or suspending one compromise,
they would open the door for the overthrow of
every other compromise; and, looking to conse-
quences, he feared for the overthrow of that most
glorious compromise, the Constitution of the
United States. He believed this would be the sen-
timent of the people upon due reflection; but, what-
ever might be their sentiment, it was his, and he
declared it here without the least regard to any
consequences merely personal to himself.
He maintained, in conclusion, that the compro-
mise of 1850 did not repeal the compromise of
1820; and declared that he had no doubt whatever
of the power of Congress to legislate for slavery
outside of the States and within the Territories.
Mr. BRECKINRtDGEreplied that two speeches
had been made to-day; the one of quasi hostility,
the other of open hostility, to the Nebraska-Kan-
sas bill. The gentleman who last addressed the
committee [Mr. Hunt] came out openly and boldly,
not striking at it under the garb of friendship.
The other day, when the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cutting] moved that the Senate bill
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, he (Mr. B.) begged him to
withdraw the motion; but the request was refused.
He simply wished to warn the friends of the bill,
who, from the previous course of the gentleman
from New York, may have regarded him as a
staunch friend of the measure, that, if they go
with the gentleman, they will take part in its de-
struction. The movement was to kill the bill,and
stab it as a pretended friend. Did not the gentle-
man know that if the bill went to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union they would
be able no more to reach it, in the regular course of
legislation, than if it had been covered bya moun-
tain? A movement against the bril from an open
and avowed enemy is to be respected; but when it
comen from a gentleman of our own line, the com-
mittee should be apprised of it, and weigh the con-
sequences. It was throwing around the friendly
arm, and saying. "How is it with thee, my
brother?" while with the othera stab is inflicted.
The vote against sending the Senate bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was a gallant vote. Ninety-five men, taken by
surprise, by ambuscade, were defeated on that
occasion by only ten votes.
He then proceeded to answer objections which
had been made to the bill, saying in the course of
his remarks, he did not believe that the repeal of
the Missouri restriction would be a violation of
public faith.
He said, in the course of his remarks: If you
do not pass the bill, you will fuj-msh fuel for po-
litical Abolitionists, and add to the flame of those
salamanders who can only exist in the fire of strife.
If you pass the bill, their occupation will be gone.
You will have erected a barrier against which the
rampant spirit of fanaticism will strive in vain, and
receive its overthrow.
[The above speeches will be found in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. GROW next obtained the floor.
Mr. CUTTING. I do not rise, Mr. Chair-
man 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield the floor to the gentleman from
New York ?
Mr. GROW. If it is the understanding of the
committee that I am to have the floor to-morrow
morning, I have no sort of objection to yield it this
evening.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I object to any such
arrangement
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Thenwillthe gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania yield the floor for a
motion to rise?
Mr. GROW. I will yield it for that purpose.
Mr. JONES. Then I move that the committee
do now rise. The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole had had under
consideration the state of the Union generally,
and particularly House bill No. 46, entitled "A
bill making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian Department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30, 1855,"
arid had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon, at four o'clock, p.m., the House
adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 24, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE.
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is private
