I486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
I believe we have the power to take those vessels.
We are paying over a quarter of a million of dol-
lars ftore annually for a semi-monthly mail service
than we should be required to pay, if this contract
were abrogated, for a weekly service. We could
get a weekly service for half a million of dollars,
while we are paying more than half a million for
a semi-monthly service. Although the United
States might lose by taking these ships at an ap-
praisement, yet 1 think the Government had better
lake them, even if they had to sink them in the
ocean, and bring the contract to an end,
I know the feeling seems to be that it would be
better first to act upon the proposition to abolish
the existing contract. But, sir, independent of
that proposition, I think we should have a weekly
mail service between the Atlantic and Pacific coasts.
I am in favor of establishing that service, whether
the original contract is abrogated or not.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia^ I have but one
word to say. Some gentlemen, in the couise of
this discussion, have told us that we had better ab-
rogate the existing contract before we act upon
this bill to establish a new one. Now, air, to my
mind there is a very clear reason why we should
act upon this measure before we take any steps
toward theabrogation ofthat contract. If we take
the latter step without [first entering into a new
one, we shall find ourselves wilhoutany provision
for the transmission of the mail to California, and
the result may be that we shall be compelled to
pay a much higher price for doing the same
service, to either the samecompany or a new one,
than we now pay. Let us commence, there- 1
fore, with a semi-monthly mail,and then abrogate
the old contract, and we shall be as well off as we
were before.
Mr. McDGUGALL. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Biheckiniuuge,]
who wishes us to make the passage of this bill
dependent upon the abrogation of the old contract,
whether the mail service for California does not
require the establishment of a weekly mail?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will answer the
question with pleasure. I think the increased com-
munication between California and the eastern
States is such, that a weekly mail oui ht to he
established; but I did not say at any additional
expense.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Now another question. :
If the wants of the service require the establish- |
ment of a weekly mail, is the fact that there has i
been previous mal-legitdation any good reason for !
denying that weekly service?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I repeat that I think ;
we ought to have a weekly mail between Califor- j
nia and the Atlantic ooaRt, and a daily mail be-
tween (he important cities of the United States;
but I am not prepared to say that it should be es- ;
tablished at any coat. That is an element that
should be taken into consideration. I am willing ■
that a liberal compensation should be allowed; I ,
would not be willing to pay five or ten millions
a year for that service. Suppose we were paying
$10,000,000 for a semi-monthly mail, and the gen-
tleman fiom California should come forward and
ask for $300,000 or $400,000 to establish a weekly
mail, would not the amount we were already pay-
ing be a good reason for not appropriating more?
The admission that the service is needed, is not
an admission that we should pay whatever may
be demanded for it.
Mr. McDOlJGALL. The gentleman has not
replied to my last query. Suppose that, m pro-
curing the establishment of a mail to California,
we had sunk in the sea §55,000,000 five years ago,
would that be any good reason why we should
not now have a proper mail service for California'
And if, for the last five yeais, by improvident
legislation, you have drawn heavily on the Treas-
ury, that is no reason why we should not have
proper mail facilities.
I would say, further, to the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] thai f think his sug-
gestion is a very pertinent one. if we commence
by abrogating this contract, we shall then be
thrown without service, and a larger amount may
be exacted than that now paid. You say that this
Congress has the power to abrogate these con-
tracts. Very well. Then, as a matter of course,
whenever Congress sees fit to abrogate them, the
Government will be absolved from all obligations
in respect to them.
But I protest against this legislation being made
dependent on that abrogation. It is not, in my
judgment, just or right to do so. I wish as well
as others to see these contracts abrogated. I
desire to see the present burden removed; but
there is no justice or right in making the proper
mail service required by the country dependent
on the abrogation of bad legislation of past times.
As it seems to be the disposition of the House,
I move that this bill be postponed till next Tues-
day week, when it can be better considered. Then
I shall insist that it shall not' be dependent on
anything but its merits. The persons who have
I control of these other matters may, if they choose,
1 bring them forward in the mean time. If they do
so, very well.
The question was taken; and Mr. McDougall's
motion was agreed to.
So the further consideration of the bill was
postponed to next Tuesday week.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that we now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business upon the
Speaker's table, so that action may be had on the
resolution fixing the time of the final adjournment
of this session.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the morning
hour expired? If it has not the gentleman's mo-
tion is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has not
yet expirtfl. There are still two or three minutes
left of it.
Mr. ORR, I move that the House do now ad-
journ.
' Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Parker and
Vail were appointed.
The question was put; and the tellers reported—
ayes 68, noes 70.
Mr. ORR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 08; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Mc^rs. Aiken, James (J. Allen, Willis Allen,
David J. Railey, Harry, Belcher, Bell, Benton, ftoyce,
Breckinridge, Undoes. Brooks, Caskie, Chamberlain,Chas-
tam, ('Imrehwell. (/lark, Cobb, t'ofquitt, Curtis-, John G\
I>;uviSOit, Dimey, Dowdell, Drum, Dunbar, Dun-
ham, Kddj, Edmtmdfon, John M. Elliott, English, Flor-
ence, Fuller, (Joode, Hamilton, Wiley 1'. Harris, Hasting,
IfenducKs, Henn, Hill, Houston, lngeif,olI, Johnf-on,
George W. Jones. J. Gianey Jones, Poland Jones, Keitt,
Kulwell, Lilly, Liurfsley, McMulhn, IVIacy, John G. Mil-
ler, JVlillson, Nichols, Olds, Orr.John Perkins,Piatt, Ready,
Kiddle, Robbing ltufiiri, Seward. Shaw, Shower, Single-
ton, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, George W. Smyth, llemtor L.
Steven*, John J. Taylor, Vail, Walker, WelH, and Daniel
JR. Wright—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Abcrcrombie, Apploton, Bail, Bankf,
Benson, Campbell, Carpenter, Chandler, Chrisman, Cor-
win, Thomas Davis, Dick, Dickinson, EdmaiuN, Thomas
D. Eliot, Ellison, Etheridge, Everliart, ICwinp, Flagler,
Guiding*, Goodrich, Aaron Harlan, Andiew J. Harlan,
UairiMin, Haven, Htllyei, Howe, Hunt, Dame! T. Jones,
Ken. Kno\. Lamb, Latham, Limiley, McCulloch, Mn^e,
Middle«wnith, Morgan, Murray, Norton, Mordecai Oliver,
Parker, Peck, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, pieston. Prin-
gle, Reese, David Kuehie, Roger:-, Russell, Katun, Sage,
Samuel A. Smith. Fredouok P. Stanton, Richard II. Stan-
ton, Alexander If. Stephens, John L. Taylor,Nathaniel G.
T.iyloi, Thurston, Tracy, Trout, Upham, Wade, Ellihu JL
Washburnc, tsiael Washburn, and Witte—6b.
And thereupon (at ten minutes before four
o'chirk, p. m.) the House adjourned till Monday
at twelve o'clock, m.
j IN SENATE,
j Monday, June 19, 1851.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
■ j The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the ,
' Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
1 made in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
I Lite, in relation to the establishment of a naval
| depot at or near the town of Beaufort, in the State
! of Noith Carolina; which was ordered to he on
! the table.
i Also, a report of the Secretary of the Inferior
■ communicating information, m compliance with a
; resolution of the Senate, in relation to the employ-
! ment of Luther Blake to remove the Indians from
; Floiichi; which was ordered 10 lie on the table, ,
! and be printed.
; Also, a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
; ade in compliance with a resolution of the Sen- ,
' ate, in relation to the establishment of a naval '
depot at Newport, Rhode Island; which was or-
! Uered to he on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
! Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of Stew-
I art Sanderson, of Waterport, New York, propos-
i ingaplan for harbor defense by means of a floating
! battering ram, thirteen of which he says would be
capable of guarding the coast of the United States
from Maine to Texas against all the fleets of Eu-
; rope, without firing a gun or losing a man; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HUNTER presented a petition of citizens
o( the UnitedStates professing the Jewish religion,
praying that measures may be taken to secure to
American citizens, of whatever creed, traveling or
residing abroad, a just degree of civil and religious
freedom; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Also, a petition of inhabitants of Portsmouth,
Virginia, praying a reduction of the rates of ocean
postage; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the memorial of John Freeman and others, «
of Portsmouth, Virginia, praying relief from Con-
gress, in view of sacrifices by reason of having
been incarcerated in Dartmoor prison during the
last war with Great Britain; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FISH presented resolutions of the corpo-
rate authorities of the city of New York, remon-
! stiating'against the repeal or a material change in
! Ihe plan of the assay office in that city, now estab-
lished by law; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented a memo-
rial of citizens of Memphis, Tennessee, praying
the repeal or suspension of the duty on railroad
iron; which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition
of J. J. Dyer and others, trustees of the Du-
buque Female College, Iowa, praying a grant of
land for the endowment of that institution; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented a memorial of
owners and occupants of lands within the Bastrop
grant, in Louisiana, praying to be protected in
their titles to said lands; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, presented a
petition of inhabitants of Newport, Kentucky,
praying the reduction of the rates of ocean post-
age; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WADE presented the proceedings of a
large meeting of citizens of Columbus, Ohio, in
favor of a reduction of the rates of ocean postage;
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of inhab-
itants of the counties of Monroe and Livingston,
New York, praying the exclusion, by the consti-
tutional power of Congress, of slavery from the
District of Columbia, and the Territories of the
United States, and the repeal of the fugitive slave
law; which was ordered to lie on the table.
AIro, a petition of citizens of New York, praying
that the public domain may be granted in limited
quantities to actual settlers; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Sandusky, Ohio,
and a memorial of citizens of Bridgeport, Mich-
igan, praying an appropriation of public land for
the construction of a ship canal around the Falls
of Niagara; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Also, a petition of Gabriel Denton, praying that
further relief may be extended to the soldiers of
the war of 1812; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. BELL presented the memorial of James
Selkirk, praying the settlement of his claim against
the Mexican Government, for the forcible seizure
and destruction of his vessel by the authoities of
t haf Republic; which was referred to the Corn-
ittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FJTZPATRICK presented the memorial
of J. R. Powell, mail contractor in Alabama, pray-
ing compensation for extra services; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. CASS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Edmund M. Evans* be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Claim?.
