■1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
727
bill day, and no business which is not At that
character can be entertained, V/
Mr. ALLEN. I wish to make a motion re-
specting the motion made by the Senator from
California, [Mr. Weller,] yesterday, as to the
appointment of a clerk to the Committee on Agri-
culture.
The PRESIDENT. That motion was dis-
posed of yesterday. *.
Mr. ALLEN. No, sir; a motion was made
by the Senator from California, to reconsider the
vote by which the committee was empowered to
employ a clerk, but no action was taken upon the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, towards the
close of the session yesterday I moved to recon-
sider the vote by which a clerk was allowed to the
Committee on Agriculture.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair decides that
question to be out of order this morning, unless
unanimous consent be given.
Mr. ALLEN. Then I ask unanimous consent.
There being no objection, the question was
entertained.
The PRESIDENT. The pending question is
on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. WELLER. I will, in a very few words,
state the reasons why I made the motion. I saw
no necessity for the appointment of a clerk to that
committee. Ordinarily, of course, I do not choose
to interfere with any of the standing committees
of the Senate; whenever the chairman of one of
these committees shall ask for the appointment of
a clerk, taking it for granted that such a clerk is
indispensable, I have generally voted for it. But,
sir, with the little knowledge which I have of the
Committee on Agriculture, I could not see any
excuse or pretext for the appointment of a clerk.
It is well known to theSenate, I believe, that that
committee has very little business to transact, and
ordinarily it does not meet more than two or three
times during a session of Congress. Now I am
opposed to creating an office for no other purpose
than to provide a place for some individual who
may desire it. If the chairman of the Committee
on Agriculture will say that such an officer is
necessary, that a clerk is indispensable for the
management of the business of that committee, I
will be the last Senator on this floor to interpose
objection; but until I am satisfied that there is a
necessity for the appointment of such an officer, I
am unwilling to create such an office. I know,
sir, it would be a thankless task to attempt to re-
form the abuses of this Senate. I should not only
destroy what little influence I may have in this
body, but I should receive the thanks of no one
for attempting to correct the very many abuses
that have crept into this body. Now, if the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island will say that this office is
necessary, that a clerk is indispensable to the
management of the onerous duties that are im-
posed upon that committee, I will at once with-
draw the motion to reconsider, and vote for the
appointment of a clerk.
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. President, the resolution
which I offered yesterday for the appointment of
a clerk was not drawn in the usual form, asking
for the appointment of a clerk during the session,
but only during the time that he riiay be necessary
for transacting the business of the committee. I
have no personal favors to grant in selecting the
clerk; none whatever. So far from wanting any
clerk to assist me in my own concerns I have
one at home in my family. It is for the interests
of the committee, I think, that a clerk should be
employed during the time they have before them
propositions which have been referred to them and
the consideration of which will require consider-
able labor with the Agricultural Department,
which it cannot be expected that the members of
the committee could attend to. The resolution is
not drawn as resolutions usually are, for the ap-
pointment of a clerk during the session, but for
the appointment of a temporary clerk, it may be
for two or three weeks. I have worded the res-
olution particularly to be guarded on that point.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution can be
read, if desired.
Mr. WELLER. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Agricultuiebe author-
ized to employ a clerk.
Mr. WELLER. That is without any limita-
tion or restriction; and the legitimate inference
will he that theCommittee on Agriculture is author-
ized to employ a clerk during the remainder of the
session. Now, if the honorable Senator from
Rhode Island intended to restrict it in the manner
to which he has adverted, he ought to have
changed the phraseology of the resolution.
Mr. ALM2N. It was not my intention, when
I offered the resolution, to have a clerk appointed
until the end of the session. I never dreamed of
such a thing; what I wished was, to have a clerk
employed during the time that the committee may
have under consideration the business which is
now before them, and which demands that a clerk
should be employed.
Mr. WELLER. Then if the resolution is to
be adopted it ought certainly to conform in its
phraseology to the views expressed by the Senator
from Rhode Island.
Mr. ALLEN. I think it ought to be left some-
what to the committee to say how long they may
employ a clerk.
Mr. WELLER. Then I suggest that the vote
be taken on the motion to reconsider, and let that
be agreed to, and then the resolution will be before
the Senate, and its phraseology can be changed
so as to confine the employment of a clerk to such
time as that committee may think proper and
necessary for the transaction of the public busi-
ness. *
Mr. ALLEN. I have no objection to those
words being inserted in the resolution.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, as a member of-
the Committee on Agriculture, I was consulted as
to the propriety of asking for the appointment of
a clerk to that committee. I do not pretend to
know whether or not it is very important that we
should have a clerk; but, if I am not greatly mis-
taken, there are other committees who have had
clerks allowed to them without opposition, having
no more to do than the Committee on Agriculture;
and this made me think that it was as proper, per-
haps, that we should have a clerk as some other
committees. A clerk is allowed to the Committee
on Roads and Canals; but whether that committee
ever do anything or not I am not very sure. I
believe that a majority of this body hold that there
is no constitutional power for them to exercise
any portion of their duties, yet they have a clerk.
The Committee on Retrenchment, also, have a
clerk, and a permanent one, I believe. I really
do not know how much they have for him to do.
The chairman of our committee supposed that we
might want a clerk for a short time, but we do not
contemplate having one constantly. He had no
idea of having one permanently.
Mr. ALLEN. No, sir; that was not my in-
tention.
Mr. WADE. We thought it would be conve-
nient for us to have a clerk for a short time, and
therefore I consented to the resolution. I cannot
but think now that it is as proper, at least, that
we should have a clerk as some of the other com-
mittees. I consider that we shall have fully as
mu^h for him to do as other committees for their
cleiks.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should like this resolution
much better if it proposed to give a clerk to each
of the committees of this body. I think that each
of the cemmitteesought to have a clerk. A clerk
may be necessary not only to perform the duties
required of him by the committee, but members
here have bills and other copying to do, and I
think that the members of each committee have
enough to do to keep one clerk employed, and
profitably employed. Each Senator has that to
do which can be done by a clerk, and I think
there ought to be a clerk to whom every member
of a committee might go when he wanted copying
done which was necessary for the public service.
Mr. WADE. I have some recollection of a
resolution being adopted, authorizing all the com-
mittees to employ a clerk; is it not so?
Mr. DOUGLAS' The resolution to which the
Senator refers was confined to the committees
having six members. I would like to have the
limitation stricken out, so as to have the resolu-
tion general in its character.
Mr. MORTON. Being a member of this com-
mittee, I beg leave to submit an amendment which
might meet the object of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia.
The PRESIDENT. No amend mentis in order
until the motion to reconsider is agreed to.
The question being: taken, only eight members
rose in the affirmative.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. WELLER. I expressed my willingness,
a moment ago, to vote for the appointment of a
clerk for this committee, so long as the public in-
terest and the public business, in the estimation of
the chairman of the committee, may require it.
The Senate, by the division which has just been
taken, has decided that they will allow that com-
mittee to employ a clerk, whether the public in-
terest demands it or not. In other words, it seems
to be the desire of certain Senators here, not far
from me, that that committee should be allowed
to employ a clerk merely for the purpose of giving
him a compensation, without any reference what-
ever to the public interest. Now, I am opposed
to the creation of sinecures. You have already
employed more clerks for the standing commit-
tees of the Senate than the public interest, in my
judgment, demands. Here is a proposition to
; give a clerk to the Committee on Agriculture, who,
j I believe, have not met more than three times for
i the last three years for the transaction of public
business.
I said, sir, at the outset, that if the public busi-
ness required the employment of this clerk, and
the chairman of the committee would say so, I
should vote for it. I repeat that; but if the only
object is to employ a clerk to attend to the private
business of the members, or if it is only to pro-
vide a place for some favorite, I am against it.
Now, Mr. President, I repeat what I said before,
that abuses enough have crawled into this Senate,
which if they had attracted, as they should have
attracted, the public attention, would have pro-
duced a denunciation of those who are engaged in
them. I will not go one step beyond what the
public interest demands. If the public interest
demands the employment of a clerk, temporarily,
I have said I shall go for it; but I am utterly op-
posed to the employment of a clerk by this com-
mittee, for the remainder of the session, at three
or five dollars a day.
Mr. ALLEN. I expressed my views fully, I
believe, before I stated that it was not necessary
to employ a clerk during the remainder of the ses-
sion. I had no idea of such a thing. I do not
want this clerk for my private business; for, as I
stated before, I have a gentleman in my family
who does my writing for me, and has done for
several years.
j Mr. ADAMS. On the division, I did not vote
I for the reconsideration for the reason that I take
j it for granted, that under this resolution, it being
j in the usual form, the committee will employ a
clerk no longer than the public interest requires it.
To put a restriction in the resolution unusual and
j unlike other resolutions for the same purpose I
; thought unnecessary. I agree with my friend from
i California, as to the propriety of employing no
i more persons than are necessary; but I take it for
granted that the committee, whenever there is no
public necessity for the services of a clerk, will
! discontinue his services. These are my reasons
for not voting for the reconsideration.
! Mr. ALLEN. The committee will certainly
discharge the clerk as soon as the business which
] requires his services is performed. I would not
j ask it as a favor. As I stated before, any private
business which I need performed I have made
provision for for myself. I only ask for this
because I think the public business requires it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I,desire to inquire whether
it is necessary to reconsider the resolution in order
to amend it?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Butler, Clayton, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Dodso of Iowa, Evans, Fessenden, Fitzpatrick, Gwin,
Hunter, Mason, Rusk, Slidell, and Weller—13.
WAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Atchison, Bayard, Bell,
Clay, Dousias, Fish, Hamlin, Jones of Tennessee. Morton,
"Morris, Pettit, Pratt, Sumner, Wade, Walker, Williams,
and Wright—19.
So the motion was not agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MASON. I understand it requires the
unanimous consent of the Senate to proceed with
the consideration of any other business than that
of bills upon the Private Calendar. I deem it my
duty, notwithstanding, to ask the Senate to pro-
