1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1437
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, it was
Ordered, That Gibbons & Kelly Iiave leave to withdraw
their petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That Ann Dudly and Margaret Chandler have
leave to withdraw their petitions and papers.-
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Agricul-
ture, to whom was referred the memorial of Town-
send Glover and others, praying Congress to pur-
chase Glover's collection of artificial fruits, now
on exhibition at the United States Patent Office,
submitted a report on the subject; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee 011 Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives, for the relief of Jesse
R. Faulkner, of Missouri, reported it back with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John Reddin, late a
soldier in the Army,and discharged on account of
a disability, praying a pension, submitted an ad-
verse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a resolution of the
Senate instructing that committee to inquire into
the expediency of creatingan additional collection
district in the State of California, reported a bill
creating a collection district in the State of Cali-
fornia; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr, SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom were referred five petitions
of widows of officers of the Army who have died
in the service since the war with Mexico, and
most of them of disease contracted during the
war, praying to be allowed half pay for five years,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Pensions; which was agreed to.
BRIDGES ACROSS THE POTOMAC.
Mr. BRIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia be instructed to inquire into the expediency of discon-
tinuing ali further appropriations for the erection or repairs
of bridges across the Potomac river on the sites heretofore
lecognized as such, and of fixing upon some one or two
sites, either of which would better accommodate all of the
parties benefited by the existence of a bridge acioss that
river within and opposite the said District, and report to
this body at the earliest day piacticable, such site or sites,
and the requisite plans for the erection of such bridge or
bridges, and the expenses thereof, respectively, as would
combine safety, suitableness, permanency, and ultimate
economy to the public Trea&ury.
E. A. P. LAVALETTE.
Mr. MASON. 1 am directed by the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, to whom was referred a
bill from the House of Representatives for the
relief of Captain E. A. V. Lavalette, of the Uni-
ted States Navy, to report it back, and recommend
its passage. I ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to have the bill considered now. It is to
refund to this officer $246 which he paid while civil
and military Governor at Mazatlan, during the
Mexican war, to an interpreter whose services
were necessary. I think there can be no objection
to it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded to
consider the bill as in Committee of the Whole.
No amendment being proposed, it was reported
to the Senate without amendment, ordered to a
third reading, read a third time, and passed.
ABIGAIL STAFFORD,
Mr. BROWN. 1 move to reconsider the vote
by which, on Friday last, the joint resolution ex-
planatory of an act entitled "An act for the relief
of Abigail Stafford" was rejected. I will not ask
for the consideration of the motion now, but
merely that it be entered on the Journal.
The PRESIDENT. It will be so entered.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. McKkan, Chief Clerk,
announcing that they had passed the joint resolu-
tion of the Senate giving the consent of Congress
to the acceptance, by Lieutenant M. F. Maury,
of the Navy, of a gold medalfrom his Majesty
the King of Sweden, and the Senate bill to au-
thorize the issue of registers to vessels owned by
the Accessory Transit Company.
Also, that they had passed the following bills,
in* which they request the concurrence of the
Senate:
Bill for the relief of Henry Lewis, of Clinton
county, Indiana;
Bill to increase the salaries of the Executive
and judicial officers of Oregon, New Mexico,
Utah, Washington, and Minnesota;
Bill making appropriations in reference to the
Cayuse war in Oregon;
Bill to establish the office of surveyor general
of New Mexico, Kansas, and Nebraska, to grant
donations to actual settlers therein, and fur other
purposes;
Bill to extend the right of preemption over the
unsurveyed lands in Minnesota, and for other
purposes;
Bill to authorize the President to cause to be
surveyed the tract of land in the Territory of
Minnesota, belonging to the half-breeds or mixed
bloods of the Dacotah or Sioux nation of Indians,
and for other purposes;
Bill to provide for the continuation of a military
road from Myrtle Creek to Scottsburgh, in Oregon;
Bill to authorize the Secretary of War to settle
and adjust the expenses of the Rogue River In-
dian war;
Bill to provide for the construction of a military
road in the Territory of Utah;
Bill to refund to the Territory of Utah the ex-
penses incurred by said Territory in suppressing
Indian hostilities;
Bill for the payment of the civil officers em-
ployed in the Territory of New Mexico while
under military government; and
Bill to amend the act approved September 27,
1850, to create the office of surveyor general of
the public lands in Oregon, &c., and also the act
amendatory thereof, approved February 19, 1853.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE NAVY.
Mr. Mx\LLORV. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take up this morning the bill reported
from the Committee on Naval Affairs "to improve
the naval service." It is a brief bill, and 1 think
we can readily get through with it before the
morning hour is finished; and unless it be taken
up in this way I doubt very much whether we
shall be able to get it before the Senate.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The bill originally reported from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, prescribed the number and pay
of the officers m each grade, provided for a retired
and furloughed naval list, for an increase of the
Marine Corps, for the establishment of a Bureau
of Equipment, Orders, and Detail, and for the
appointment of a judge-advocate for the naval
service. It also made provision for the details
necessary to carry out these objects.
Mr. Mallory, on the 31st of May, by direc-
tion of the committee, submitted an amendment
to strike out all of the original bill after the enacting
clause, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the grade of flag officer is hereby established, and
that there shall be twenty flag officers *=ix?y-eight captains,
and seventy commanders in the naval service, and the pay
of flag officerM shall be as follows : On sea service the same
; as now allowed to the senior captain. Ali other pay allowed
! them shall be the same as that of other captains.
i Sec. '2, And be it further enacted, That no appointment
I of masters not in the line of promotion shall hereafter be
! made; and the grade of passed midMnpman shall be abol-
■ ished. One hundred and seventy-live of the masters now
' in the line of promotion, and of the passed midshipmen,
: shall be commissioned as masters. Midshipmen and acting
' midshipmen, including those at the academy, shall not ex-
j ceed three hundred and thirteen, of whom one shall be
; appointed from each congressional district and Territoryof
the United States, upon the recommendation of the Repre-
sentatives and Delegates thereof respectively; two lrom
. each State upon the recommendation of tne Senators
; thereof respectively, and ten shall be appointed by the
: 1'resident at large.
i Sec. 3. And he it further enacted, That before an)
, change of the giades aforesaid shall take effect, the Seere
, tary of the Navy shall cause each captain, commander,
! lieutenant, medical officer, and purser, to repoit, under
1 such regulations as he may pteseiibe, the officers of their
: respective grades who are qualified to perform efficiently all
1 their duties ashore and afloat; and (rom his scrutiny of
1 rfuch reports as may be filed in the Department within six
1 months after notice issued to said officers, the Secretary,
; with the approval of the President, shall retire, or perma-
■ nently furlough, or drop from the service, all officers who,
• in his judgment, are not so qualified. And of the officer*
I so furloughed or retired, those on the retired list only thai!
| be entitled to wear the naval uniform. Retired and per-
I manently furloughed officers shall, from the date of their
! retirement and furlough, be out of the Navy, and their
! place? shall be supplied by regular promotion by «eniontv
of rank. The Secretary of the Navy may. upon the appli-
cation of any officer of the Navy, place him upon the re-
; tired or peimanent fuilough list, if, in his judgment, he
deem it consistent with the interests of the service.
Sec. 4. And be it f urther enacted. That it sbalLbej the
duty of every officer in command of any vessel of the Navy
of the United States, upon the termination of his cruise, to
make a special repoit to the Secretary of the Navy upon
the general conduct of the petty officers, seamen, ordinary
seamen, landsmen, and boys, under his command on said
cruise, and to designate by name those who are entitled,
from their good conduct, to special notice; and, upon
such repoits, the Secietary of the Navy may annually
select ten of said boys who may appear to him most de-
serving, and send them to the Naval Academy for educa-
tion as midshipmen. Arid to each petty officer, seaman,
ordinary seaman, landsman, and boy, so reported for good
conduct, (provided that the number so reported from each
ship shall not exceed one tenth of the crew thereof,) the
Secretary shall cause to be issued a certificate of con-
duet and character, in «uch form as he may prescribe,
which certificate shall entitle every petty officer to three
months' extra pay, and an appropriate medal, to be devised
by the Secretary, and every seaman, ordinary seaman,
landsman, and boy, to three months' extra pay, provided
he shall reenhst within three months.
Sec. 5. Jlnd belt further enacted, That ail increase of
ton hundied men shall be made to the Marine Corps.
Sec. 6. And be itfurther enacted. That, in addition to the
bureaus now attached to the Navy Department, there shall
be a bureau to be called the Buicau of Orders and Equip-
ment, to which shall be assigned the duties of equipping
the vessels, and of supervising, registering, and detailing
j the officers and men of the naval service, and such other
duties pertaining to the service as the Secretary of the Navy
may direct; and the orders of such bureau shall be con-
sidered as emanating from the Secretary of the Navy, and
; shall have full force and effect as such, and all the duties
: of said bureau shall be performed under his authority and
supervision.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, shall appoint a judge-advocate for the naval
service, who shall not be a naval officer, who shall be learned
, m the law, and who shall be attached to the Bureau of
I Equipment, Orders, and Detail, and who shall leceive for lus
j services three thousand dollars per annum and his travel-
' ing expenses; it shall he his duty to prepare, under the
] direction of the Secretary of the Navy, all charges and
j specifications of charges to be preferred before naval courts-
martial and courts of inquiry, and to keep accurate records
thereof; to prepare specific instructions in each case to the
acting judge-advocate to be designated by him, under the
: direction of the Secretary of the Navy ; to codify and ar~
: range all the laws of Congress, and the rulings* and decisions
i of tile di«tuet, circuit, and Supreme Courts of the United
j State*, touching courts-martial and couits of inquiry; and
! to compile and submit to the Secretary of the Navy general
! instructions, forms, and principles, applicable to them, and
! the manner of conducting them, and to preserve perfect rec-
' ords of all such courts, and of the cases heard or tried be-
fore them : Provided, That nothing herein shall preclude
I commander*: of squadrons on foreign fetation1* from ordering
J such couits, when, m their opinion, the exigencies of the
| public service may demand them, under such rules and
: regulations as said judge-advocate genera), with the appro-
j bauoii of the Secretary of the Navy, may prescribe.
I Si:o. 8. And be it further enade'd, That the chief of the
! bureau established by this act, be allowed the >ame frank-
j ing privilege as that conterred by law on the chiefs of the
| other bureaus; and the President of the United States, by
i and with the advice and consent of the Senate, may here-
j after appoint as chief of any bureau attached to the Navy
Department, excepting the Bureaus of Provisions and
j Clothing, and Construction, and of Medicine and Surgery,
any officer ai his discretion.
| Mr. MALLORY. The substitute was pre-
i pared by the committee, under the eye of the Sec-
1 retary of the Navy. 1 am directed by the eom-
[ mittee to offer some amendments fo it. The first
i is to strike out the second section of the substi-
, tute, and insert, in lieu of it, the following: .
| kindle it fuithcr enacted, That no appointment of masters
1 not in the line of promotion, shall hereafter be made ; ami
; ihe recognition of passed midshipmen as a distinct class
1 or grade i* heieby abolished, and so much of all acts or
I paiu of nct>: a= recognizes such distinction, or allows to
1 passed midshipmen anv different pay than that of midship-
1 men U hereby repealed, fioin and after the tune when
1 the provisions of ihe next section hereof shall be carried
1 into effect. The masters now in the line of promotion,
and the passed midshipmen who shall lei'nain in the ser-
vice and not be promoted to the rank ol lieutenant after
: the retirement provided by the next section, shall be com-
, missioned as masters according to their present rank ; and
i if there thus remain more than seventy-four such officers,
i no newmastir shall be commissioned until ihe number
; hhall he reduced below seventy-four, which numbei shall
thereafter constitute the iaid grade of mastei. The duties
; of the said grade shall be such as ihe President of tho Uiu-
! U'd Stales shall prescribe. The number of midshipmen
1 and acting midshipmen, including those at the N«wai Acad-
I emy, shall be determined a*J follows, to wit: one shall be
I appointed from each congressional district of the United
J States on the recommendation of the Representative tlu-ro-
I of, two from each State on the recommendation of the Scn-
| afois thereof respectively, ten to be appointed by the Pres-
J identatlaige, and those authorized by this act to be aclccted
' from the boys, of the Na\y.
! The next amendment was to insert in the third
; section of the substitute, after the provision that
■ the officers on the retired list shall be entitled to
| wear the naval uniform, the words "and shall
j have their names borne on the Navy register, but
