1438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
as out of the line of promotion and of command,
and shall not be counted as the number limited
by law of their respective grade.'*
The next amendment was so to alter the fol-
lowing provision, " retired and permanently fur-
loughed officers shall, from the date of their
retirement and furlough, be out of the Navy, and
their place shall be supplied by regular promotion
by seniority of rank," as to make it read, "per-
manently furloughed officers shall, from the date
of their furlough, be out of the Navy, and the
place of retired and permanently furloughed flag
officers, and other officers, shall be supplied by
regular promotion by seniority of rank."
The next amendment was to add at the end of
the third section the words:
The Secretary of the Navy, with the approval of the
President, shall al>o retue or drop from the service the
masters, passed mid-Onpmen, and rnuMitpmen who, in his
judgment, are not qualified to perform efficiently all their
duties.
The next was to insert, as a new section, after
section three, the following:
*8 ml he it fuitkcr enacted, That officers on the retired
list shall receive three fifths, and those on the permanent
furlough Iim shall receive two fifths of the sea-service pay
to which they were entitled when rethed or furloughed, and
that the pay of the masters authorized to be commissioned
by the provisions of Urn net shall he the pay of sailing
nmsiers as established by the " act to regulate the pay of
the NaVy of the Uniied States," approved March.*, 1835.
The next amendment was in the fifth section
in the provision authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to select ten boys from the vessels of the
Navy as midshipmen, to strike out " ten "and
insert u not exceeding five;" and, also, to insert
after the word boys " the words *' not over six-
teen years of age."
The next amendment was in the same section
in the provision allowing the Secretary of the
Navy to issue a certificate of good conduct to
those reported from each ship as deserving it, to
insert after the word "certificate," "provided the
person to whom the same shall be issued, shall
reenlistin the Navy within three months from the
date thereof," anu to strike out a similar proviso
in another place.
^ The next amendment was in the seventh sec-
tion, to strike out the words " Order and Detail"
wherever they occur, so that the bureau there pro-
vided for shall be " (he Bureau of Equipment."
The next amendment was to insert after the
provision allowing traveling expenses to the judge-
advocate of the Navy the words «* as allowed to
officers of the Navy;" and to strike out the words
" to be designated by them," occurring in a sub-
sequent part of the section.
The next amendment was to strike out the pro-
viso—
"/Vot Mv?,That nothing herein shall preclude command
ers of Sf|ii«dri>iis on foreign stations liom ordering such
eour{-j'' fcoui fs nf tnquity and court* marital,] '• when, in
ihcir opinion Die extgeneie-j of the public service may de-
mand it, under Mich rule-s and regulation-* a? nuch judge-
advocate general, with the approbation of the Secretary of
the Navy, may prt'.^eribe."
And to insert in lieu of it the following:
Provided, That nothing herein shall preclude eontinandeis
of equadions on foreign -.tatioiisj Irom ordering &ueh courts
as now authorized by law.
These amendments to the amendment reported
by the committee as a substitute were agreed to,
and that amendment as amended was adopted.
The bill was reported to ihe Senate as amended,
the amendment was concuned in, and the bill
was oidered to be engrossed for a thiid reading.
Mr, HAMLIN. i ask that the question on the
passage of the bill be not put at this moment.
There is an amendment which I wished to have
incorporated in it. I anj very sure it has been
made, but sull I desire to look at it; and I wish
the Senator from Florida to consent to allow the
question on the passage of the bill to be postponed
until to-morrow. It can then be passed during
the morning hour.
Mr. MALLORY. Very well.
So the fui ther consideration of the bill was post-
poned until to-morrow.
ANNUAL MEET/KG OF CONGRESS,
The bill to appoint a day different from the first
Monday in December for the annual meeting of
Congress, was read a second time, and on motion
by Mr. Douglas, the Senate, as in Committee of
the Whole, proceeded to us consideration.
It proposes to enact that after the expiration of
the present Congress, the annual meeting of Con-
gress shall commence on the first Monday in Oc-
tober.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the first Monday in October is a little
too soon for our meeting. I will suggest to the
Senator from Illinois whether the first Monday in
November will not be better.
Mi. DOUGLAS. I think that would not equal-
ize the sessions enough. We should hardly get
through with our business by the summer holi-
days. By meeting on the first Monday in Octo-
ber, we should be able to get through with our
business by the holidays, without increasing the
time which is now taken up by the two sessions.
A great deal would be gained by it; and I think
wehad better adopt the time 1 have indicated; how-
ever, 1 wish to submit the question to the Seriate.
Mr. HUNTER. In many of the States of this
Union the month of October is a very busy
month both with farmers and lawyers, who con-
stitute a large proportion of the members of both
Houses. It seems to me that it would be better
to meet on the first Monday in November instead
of the first Monday in October, and I propose an
amendment to that effect.
Mr. CLAY TON. I think, sir, there is prob-
ably not a month in the year in which lawyers
are not busy, and as to farmeis, they aie occupied
in November as well as in October. The object
of the bill, I suppose, is, as far as possible, to
equalize the sessions of Congress—to make the
longsessionsshorter,and theshortsessionslonger, i
I think thac object would be better attained by the
bill of the Senator from Illinois as it stands. I
would prefer October to November. In that way
you could gain two months, virtually, to the short
session; and I suppose there is no other object
for which the bill is intended.
Mr. MASON. I should prefer very much the
first Monday in November to the first Monday m
October, but I am utterly unprepared to meet at [
an earlier day than'now fixed bylaw. I fear that !
the only effect of it would be to prolong the short
session,without at all diminishing the duration of
the long session. It is the theory of our Govern-
ment—and the practice of it—that our labors here ;
at Washington are not to interfere seriously with ;
our private business. ||
The compensation which is given to members |
of Congress, everybody knows, cannot be in-
creased. I think it would be idle to attempt it. t
Everybody equally knows that what they now I
receive is not a remuneration for their services. |
Why, then, 1 respectfully ask, should we run any j
risk of prolonging the time of our services here? j
We all have our occupations, and we are all obliged
to abandon them to a very great extent. Cer-
tainly gentlemen who come here from a great dis-
tance have to abandon them almost altogether.
Now, we know that the experience of the Gov-
ernment is—and it may be a very proper experi-
ence—that member.-* of both Houses nf Congress !
indulge themselves in most protracted debates, '!
either upon matters relating to the public policy ;
or upon matters which tend to diffuse information i
which the people probably could not well gather I
from other sources than from the public debates. ,
The debates last here, and must continue to last, j
upon interesting topics, not for weeks only, but I
for months, and nothing drives us home at last |
at the long session, but an utter physical inability j
to continue here longer. - I
1 fear, therefore, if we adopt an earlier day for j
our meeting at the long session, we shall remain i
here just as long as we should if we met on the 1
first Monday of December, and we know—the
practice of both Houses of Congress proves it— I,
that all the business of the session, if we mean by <|
business the legislation, the actual voting- -is, j>
either at the long or short session, crowded into
the last two or three weeks. I do not think, there-
fore, any practical good will result from meeting i
at an earlier day, and for one, I would be grati- ,j
fied if the Senator who has introduced this propo- !
sition would reconsider if, or the Senate reject it. :
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Virginia
has evidently ove?looked another proposition,
which is intended to be a part of this, and which i
meets the objection winch he presents. It is a
proposition which I submitted at the same time
that I introduced this bill—to fix the adjournment
of the long session of Congress by a joint rule, on ;
the first Monday in May. !
Mr. MASON. I do not understand that we 11
have the power to limit the term of Congress by
law. The day of adjournment is fixed at any
time during the session which is most convenient
to a majority. I ask the Senator how he is to
limit the term, because the Houses of Congress
may at any time, during the long session, pass a
joint resolution fixing a day of adjournment?
Mr. DOUGLAS. We have no power, I am
satisfied, to limit the term of the session of Con-
gress, by law. I am inclined to think that the ob-
jection which was taken by President Jackson to
the bill which passed during his administration
was valid—that we could not fix the time of ad-
journment by law; but we can fix it by a joint rule
of the two Houses, subject to the disapproval of
either House. If we adopt a joint rule fixing the
time of adjournment on the first Monday in May,
we shall then come here with reference to adjourn-
ing at that time. We shall arrange our business
for that adjournment.
The day will be fixed during the whole session,
unless there are special reasons at the end of the
session for changing it; and it is notprobable that
it would be changed by a vote of either House,
unless some emergency arose at the time render-
ing it absolutely necessary to prolong it. In such
a case the power ought to exist.
If there should be an emergency, some stern
necessity arising just at the end of the long ses-
sion of Congress, and requiring the prolongation
of the session, of course it would be made longer
in order to cover that necessity; but unless such
an emergency did arise, it is evident that we
should adjourn on the day fixed by the joint rule
of the two Houses.
Looking, therefore, at the two propositions
together, it will amount to this: We shall meet
on the first Monday in October, and the first ses-
sion will adjourn on the first Monday in May,
and the second session on the 4th of March.
That would make the short session about five
months long, and the "long session about seven
months, which would be less than we now have.
My object is to shorten the session, and at the
same time do the public business. I believe we
can accomplish much more by this arrangement
than we can do now by meeting three months at
one session, and nine months at another session,
and then we avoid the hot weather of the summer
months by it. I bring forward the proposition
for the purpose of inviting the attention of the
Senate to it. Whatever disposition is made of it
of course will be acceptable to me. If another
day than the first Monday of October suits the
Senate better, I shall be entirely willing to ac-
quiesce in it, although I think the first Monday
in October will be the best time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the Senator from
Illinois, what he supposes would be the effect of
the joint rule, in relation to the time of adjourn-
ment, in the event, at some future Congress, of
one House passing a resolution changing the day
of adjournment, and the other House not receiv-
ing it?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Of course it would stand
precisely then as if there were no joint rule of the
two Houses to that effect. The two Houses must
concur in such a case m another day of adjourn-
ment, or, in the event of their disagreeing, the
time must be determined by the President.
Mr. ADAMS. I shall vote for the amendment
of the Senator from Virginia, and then, if that
succeeds, I shall vote against the bill. In addi-
tion to the consideration that I am of opinion that
as much public business is done at the short ses-
sion as at the long session, the convenience of the
State which I have the honor, in part, to repre-
sent, is a matter which will control my vote on
this question. We elect our Representatives upon
the first Monday in November, in reference to the
meeting of Congress as fixed by law at tins time,
and as it existed at the time of the adoption of our
Constitution.
The effect of this law would be to deprive Mis-
sissippi of her representation in the other branch
of Congress entirely until some two months after
the two Houses met. This would place her in
such a condition that her Representatives would
have no chance to be put upon the commtttees of
the other 1 louse. It would be effectually disfran-
chising her in the other branch of Congress, or
forcing her to change her constitution so as to
bring on the election at an earlier day. Her people
have not thought proper to do so, and I should
