1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
From Mansfield, by Pleasant Grove, to Pulas-
ki, Texas.
From Mansfield to Keatchie.
From Mansfield to Logansport.
From Mansfield, by Grand Cane, Keatchie,
and Blossom Hill, to Greenwood.
From Mansfield, by Durham's and General
Williamson's, to Shreveport.
From Mill Creek, by Anacoca, to Bear Bone.
From Minden, by Buckhorn, Boon's Landing,
Ringgold, Iverson, Coushattie Chute, and Campti,
to Grand Ecore.
From Minden, by Bistenhau, Bossier's ^oint,
and Fillmore, to Belleview.
From Minden, by Allen's Settlement, Flat
Lick, Dorcheat, and Pine Flat, to Walnut Hill,
Arkansas.
From Minden, by Fairview, to Belleview.
From Monroe, by Trenton, Forksviile, Grove
Hill, Vienna, and Ciuay, to Arcadia.
From Monroe, by Ouachita City, Lindville,
Spring Hill, and Marion, to Farmersville.
From Monroe, by Redmouth, Winnsboro',
Butler, and Mount Bayou, to St. Joseph's.
From Monroe, by Spring Place, Bastrop, and
Plantersville, to Hawkins's Landing, Arkansas.
From Monticello, by Point Jefferson and Prairie
Mer Rouge, to Bastrop.
From Natchitoches to Shelbyville, Texas.
From Natchitoches, by Manny and Mansfield,
to Shreveport.
From New Iberia, by Pare Perdue and Abbe-
ville, to Perry's Bridge.
From New Orleans, by Red River Landing,
Alexandria, and Grand Ecore, to Shreveport.
From New Orleans to Carrollton.
From New Orleans to Bura's Settlement, in
Plaquemine Parish.
From New Orleans, by Fort Pike, Shieldsboro',
Pass Christian, Mississippi City, Biloxi, Lynch-
burg Springs, and Pascagoula, to Mobile, Ala-
bama.
From New Orleans, by Mandeville and Madi-
sonville, to Covington.
From New Orleans to Terre au Boeuf.
From New Orleans, by EngliskTurn, to Point
a la Hache.
From New Orleans, by Sebastian Brulard's to
Estee Deelese's.
From New Orleans to Lafayette City.
From New Orleans, by Fleitas's and Wilkei^f
son's, to Francis Moreau's.
From New River to Live Oak.
From Opelousas, by Midway, Plaquemine,
Brulee, Lake Charles, and Bear Bone, to Ballew's
Ferry.
From Pecan Grove, by Monticello and Point
Jefferson, to Munroe.
From Perry's Bridge to Corse's Mill.
From Pine Ridge, in Wynn Parish, by Gray's
Store, to Mount Lebanon.
From Plaquemine, by Gros Tete and Livonia,
to Point Coupee.
From Point Coupee to Fausse River.
From Red River Landing to Fort Adams, Mis-
sissippi.
From Red River Landing, by Simmsport,
Cheneyville, Hmeston, Hinesville, Anacoca, and
Anacoca Ferry, to Burr's Ferry.
From Red River Landing, by Union Point,
Fairview, Vidalia, Rifle Point, and Water Proof,
to St. Joseph's.
From Red River Landing, by Cheneyville,
Hineston, Huddleston, and Burr's Ferry, to
Huntsville, Texas.
From Red River Landing to Greenwood, via
Lewisport, Cheneyville, Alexandria, Natchi-
toches, and Mansfield, to Greenwood.
JFrom Red River Landing to Burr's Ferry.
"From Red River Landing to Huntsville, Texas,
intersecting Great Western Mail.
From Richmond, by Bayou and Macon, to
Warsaw.
From Richmond, by Young's Point to Virks-
bure:, Mississippi.
From Richmond, by New Carthage and Ash-
wood, to Grand Gulf, Mississippi.
From Shreveport, by Spring Ridge, Parker's 1
Store, Logansport, and Shelbyville, Texas, to j
Nacogdoches.
From Shreveport to Washington, Arkansas.
From Shreveport to Henderson, Texas.
From Sparta, by Salt Spring, to Iverson.
From St. Franciaville to Point Coupee.
From Stony Point, by William Allen's, in
Livingston Parish, Duncan Blue's, and Edward
Stamp's, to Springfield.
From Thibodeaux to Lockport.
From Trenton, by Pine Hills and Indian Vil-
lage, to Vernon.
From Trinity, by Little Prairie, Parham's Land-
ing, Monterey Landing, and Flowery Mound, to
Tooley's.
From Vernon to Vienna.
From' Vienna, by Callaway's, D'arbone, and
Corner Bluff, to El Dorado, Arkansas.
From Water Proof to Kirk's Ferry.
From Washington to Huddleston's, via Ham-
burg and Cole's Settlement.
From Warsaw, by Pullaway, Deerfield, Mon-
ticello, and Joe's Bayou, to Lake Providence.
From Warsaw, by Hurricane, Mmnsboro',
Oakley, Sicily Island, and Boeuf Prairie, to Har-
risonburg.
Texas.—From Alton, by Mud Spring, to Bird-
ville.
From Alton to Gainesville.
From Alto Springs, by Marlin, to Belton.
From Anahuac, by Sour Lake, to Woodville.
From Anderson, to Mitchell's, via Sulphur
Springs and Plaster's.
From Anderson, by White Sulphur Springs,
Chaney's, McMahon's, Roger's Furnace, Birch
Creek, Stewart's, and Henson's, to Springfield.
From Anderson to Boonville.
From Aransas to Refugio, via Lamar and
Copano.
From Anderson, by Bedi, Elwood, Mitchell's,
Leona, and Hall's Bluff, to Crockett.
From Athens, by Bethel, Troy, Kechil, and
Centreville, to Leona.
From Austin to San Elizario.
From Austin, by Bluff Spring, Lockhart, Plum
Creek, Gonzales, China Grove, Mount Petrea,
Concrete, and Cuero, to Victoria.
From Austin, by San Marco, Bonite, New
Braumfels, Valley, and Ciboli, to San Antonio.
From Austin, by Gilleland Creek, Blue Hill,
San Gabriel, San Anders, to Cameron.
From Austin, by Merrilltown, Bushy Creek,
Georgetown, Selado, Belton, and Howard, to
Waco Village.
From Austin, by Young's Settlement, Lexing-
ton, and Prospect, to Caldwell.
From Austin, by Georgetown, Belton, Waco
Village, Springfield, Fairfield, and Palestine, to
Rusk.
From Bastrop, by Cedar Creek, Lockart, and
Prairie Lea, to Seguin.
From Beaumont to Liberty.
From Beaumont, by Ward's and Caney Head,
to Town Bluff.
From Beaumont, by Weiss Bluff and Madison,
to Ballew's Ferry, Louisiana.
From Big Creek, by Oyster Creek, to Liver-
pool.
From Bonham, by Pilot Grove, Highland,
McKinrtey, Spring Creek, Cedar Springs, and
Piano, to Dallas.
From Bonham, by Warren, Sherman, Indian
Grove, Roseland, Little Elm, Alton, and Farmer's
Branch, to Dallas.
From Boston, by Forrest Home and Linden,
to Jefferson.
From Brenham, by Long Point, John Dodd's,
Doctor Holliday's, Lexington, and A. Law-
rence's, to Georgetown.
From Brenham, by Long Point and Cameron,
to Caldwell.
From Brenham, by Oak Grove, Stony Point,
Alexander, and Young's Prairie, to Austin.
From Brownsville, by Pomt Isabel, to Brazos
Santiago.
From Brownsvillp, by Edinburg, Rio Grande
City, and Rome, to Laredo.
From Buena Vista, by Caledonia, to Mount
Enterprise.
From Buffalo to Leona, by Bethel, Troy, and
Centreville.
From Buffalo, by Waxahatchie, to Birdville.
From Bunkerhill, by Jamestown, to Gum
Spring.
From Burnet Court-House to Austin.
From Caldwell to Cameron, Cameron county.
From Cameron to Belton.
From Cameron to Waxahatchie, via Waco.
From Centreville, by Hall's Bluff, to Crockett.
Prom Centreville, by Cotton Gin,'tdCorsicana.
From Clarksville to Jefferson. '
From Clarksville, by Maple Springs, Sulphur
Bluff, and Pleasant Hill, to Tarrant.
From Clarksville, by Blossom Prairie, Paris,
Honey Grove, and Licke, to Bonham.
From Clarksville, by Savannah, DeKalb, Bos-
ton, Moore's, and Rondo, Arkansas, to Fulton.
From Clarksville, by Mount Pleasant, Gilmer,
Henderson, Rusk, Crockett, Cincinnati, Hunts-
ville, Montgomery, and Houston, to Galveston.
From Clarksville, by Wood and Van Zant, to
Athens.
From Clarksville, by Mouth of Mile Creek and
Rocky Comfort, Arkansas, to Paraclifta.
From Clarksville, by Monterey, Pine Bluff,
and Kiomatia, to Doaksville, Arkansas.
From CofTeeville to Hopewell.
From Columbus, by Gonzales, to San Antonio.
From CofTeeville to Marshall.
From Columbus, by Frelsburg, Industry, and
Shelby, to Round Top.
From Copano to Refugio.
From Corpus Christi to Laredo.
From Corpus Christi to Brownsville.
From Corpus Christi to Rio Grande City.
From Crockett, by Navarro, to Keechil. !
From Crockett, by Colita, to Livingston.
From Crockett, by San Pedro, Ionia, and Elk-
heart, to Palestine.
From Dallas to Birdville.
From Corpus Christi, by Lamar, Copano,
Arkansas Pass, to Passo Cavallo.
From Dallas, by Pleasant Run, Red Oak, Wax-
ahatchie, Chamber's Creek, White Rock, and
Bsuld Springs, to Waco Village.
From Dallas to Johnson's Station.
From Daingerfield, by Unionville, to Boston.
From Daingerfield, by Mount Pleasant and
Union Bridge, to Clarksville.
From Frontera to San Francisco, California.
From Gainesville to Corunna, via Alton and
Waxahatchie.
From Galveston, by Saluria and Indianola, to
Port Lavaca.
From Galveston, by Anahuac, John's Liberty,
Grand Cane, and Smithfield, to Swartwout.
From Galveston, by San Luis and duintanna,
to Matagorda.
From Galveston to New Orleans, Louisiana.
From Galveston to Sabine City.
From Galveston, by Galveston Bay and Black
Hill, to Liberty.
From Galveston, by Lynchburg and Harris-
burg, to Houston.
From Galveston, by Seven Oaks, Liverpool,
Columbia, Hinds, Brazoria, Cedar Lake, and
Caney, to Matagorda.
From Gainesville, by Alton and Waxahatchie,
to Corunna.
From Georgetown, by Gabriel Knob, to Hamil-
ton, Burnett county.
From Gilmer, by Cluitman, to Kaufman.
From Gilmer, by Red Rock, to Gum Springs.
From Gilmer, by Hopewell, to Mount Pleas-
ant.
From Gilmer, by Holly Springs, Gtuitman,
Retina, Davis's Mills, and Shiloh, to Greenville.
From Goliad, by Meyersville, Clinton, Cuero,
and Mustang, to Hallettsville.
From Goliad to Cibolo Springs.
From Gonzales, by China Grove, Sweet Home,
Petersburg, Columbus,and San Bernard, to Rich-
mond.
From Gonzales, by Live Oak, to Goliad.
From Greenwood, Louisiana, by Bethany,
Elyeian Fields, Texas, Kimlock, Grand Bluff,
Carthage, Reed's Settlement, Fair Play, Pine
Hills, and Murvall, to Mount Enterprise.
From Greenville, by McKnight's, Modern
Times, Coleman's Mills, and McKinney, to Dal-
ton's.
From Gum Spring, by Mount Carmel, Garden
Valley, and Canton, to Kaufman.
From Henderson to Gum Springs, via Bunker
Hill and Jamestown.
From Henderson, by Belleview, New Danville,
and Point Pleasant, to Gilmer. 1
From Henderson, by Sugar Hill, to Grand
Bluff.
From Henderson, by San Cosme, Anadarco,
New Salem, Rusk, Box Creek, Roundville, and
San Pedro, to Crockett.
From Hiiliard's, by Carthage, to Grand Bluffs.
