1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
729
destroyed. It is out of place, I think, that such
a consideration should be advanced in connection
with the otherwise very able argument which has
been adduced by the honorable Senator.
1 have shown, I think, by the report of the
committee, the facts of the case; and I submit
again, that the facts reported bythem must be be-
lieved by the Senate, unless each Senator, as a
judge, examines for himself*and ascertains that
they are not correctly stated by the committee. I
therefore pass from that portion of the speech of
my honorable friend, which I think it would have
been better had not to have been made by him.
Now allow me to ask the attention of at least such
Senators as listened to the honorable gentleman
on last Friday, in justice to these parties, to listen
to the facts which are ascertained to exist in this
case, by the committee of the Senate. After
stating the occupancy of the Chesapeake and its
tributary, the Patuxent river, by the enemy during
the summer of 1814, and after stating that the
Patuxent was so occupied until after the burning
of the Capitol, the commitiee go on to eay:
"It appear?-, from the evidence, that two public ware-
houses bad been erected many years before this period, upon
the margin of the J'atuxt nt, !or the inspection and depos
it of the tobacco grown by the citizens of Prince George's
county—oni' at the village of Nottingham, the other at
Magrudcr's Ferry ; that these houses were in 1814 filled
with hogsheads of tobacco, the property of the planters of
that county, or of merchants who had purchased it lor ship-
ment ; and that the tobacco for which remuneration is now
claimed by the petitioner, It. Johnson, had been deposited
in the warehouj-e at .Magrnder's Ferry, and that the tobacco
loi which payment k- u^kod by Hodges & Larifcdale was
deposited in the warehouse at Nottingham. The evidence
conclusively establishes the fact that the warehouse at
Mugruder's Ferry was burned by the British, with all the
tobacco it contained, and that all the tobacco in the ware-
house at ?.7ottinghaiii was either taken away or burned by
the enemy.
" In investigating the right of the petitioners to indem-
nity from thi° federal Government, your committee atonee
peiceive that the petitioners could never have claimed in-
demnity under the general laws ot 1816 and 1817, because
the relief designed to be afforded by those acts expressly
and exclusively applied to injuries to real property. The
act ot 1816 provides, 'that any person who, in the time
aforesaid; has sustained damages by the destruction of his
or her house or building by the enemy, while the same was
occupied as a military deposit under the authority of an
officer or agent of the United States, shall be allowed and
paid the amount of *>uch damage, provided it shall appear
that «uch occupation was the cause of its destruction.'
'' Vour committee have been unable to recognize the
foice or propriety of the distinction which makes the Uni-
ted States liable for real property destroyed by the enemy,
and which exempts the Government from liability for per-
sonal jrroperty destroyed under the same circumstances ;
they are unable to appreciate the justice of a rule which
makes the Government liable for a house burned by the
enemy, and exempts it from liability for the personal prop-
erty burned in the house."
Now comes the rule which the committee lay
down:
"Your committee are of opinion that the United States
should be held liable to leunbursc her citizens, whenever
private propeity has been (in accordance with the usages
of civilized warfare) destroyed by a public enemy, because
of Us use for military purposes by the authority ot ail offi-
cer or agent of the Government.
" Your committee believe that the facts, to which they
will now very briefly advert, fully establish the right of the
petitioners to relief, under the principle here laid down."
The committee then go on to state the facts in
reference to the tobacco burnt atMagruder's Ferry.
The troops of tlie United States were stationed
behind the warehouse, and it was made a fort
from which a considerable engagement was had
between the American and the British forces. The
American forces continued the battle successfully
until their ammunition was exhausted, when they
were obliged to retreat; and the enemy', upon their
retreat, approached the house and burnt it with
the tobacco. In regard to the tobacco at Notting-
ham, the committee report the fact that, by order
of the commanding officer of the American forces,
in June, 1814, the tobacco at that warehouse was
rolled out, and a breastwork made of it for the
protection of our soldiers; that the American can-
1 non were planted behind this breastwork of to-
bacco; and the enemy were fought and repulsed;
and that on their retreat from Washington, in Au-
gust, 1814, they took away or destroyed the to-
bacco, because it had been so used. These, sir,
are the principles and facts upon which the com-
mittee rely for the obligation of the Federal Gov-
ernment to pay these claims.
Now, sir, in what does the committee difter
from the honorable Senator from Delaware? The
principle announced by him is, that you should
be £uvei ned exclusively by the laws of 1816 and
1817; that there is no principle of international
law, no principle of right or justice, which should
make a Government answerable, under any cir-
cumstances, for personal property destroyed by a
public enemy. That is the first principle which
he announces. He differs from the committee in
this, that he does not believe personal property
can have impressed upon it a character which
would justify an enemy in destroying it, or which
would oblige the Government of the citizen whose
property was destroyed, to pay for it. After-
wards he qualified that proposition, upon an in-
quiry of the honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Shiej.os.] That Senator asked him: " If the
American forces had occupied the house of a cit-
izen, who had his furniture in the house, and
after a battle fought from the house, the enemy
had taken and burned it, with the furniture,
whether the Government would not be equally
bound to pay for the furniture as for the house?"
The honorable Senator from Delaware said no;
that he could not conceive of a case in which the
Federal Government would be bound to pay for
personal property, unless the troops of the Uni-
ted States had so taken possession of it as to de-
prive the owner of the power of removal. His
principle, therefore, is this; If an enemy fend
upon our shores, and it is necessary for the pro-
tection of our forces, for their comfort, or their
convenience, that they should take possession of
private property for public use, and they do take
possession of my house, from which they fight
the enemy, he admits the right of the enemy in
suchacase to burn the house; buthe says that my
personal property in that house which you have
occupied is not to be paid for unless I can prove
that you forbade me to take it away, and pre-
vented me from taking it away,
My friend stated, further—and I admit I was
somewhat surprised at it—that he could find no
case in which this Government or the Congress
of the United States had recognized the principle
that there was an obligation to pay, under any
circumstances, for personal pi'operty destroyed by
an enemy, except, under the qualification which
he laid down, where our troops had taken pos-
session of it in such a manner as to prevent its
removal from houses occupied bythem. He re-
ferred to but two cases having any bearing upon
the question in contest between us, to which I.
shall presently advert. The proposition of the
committee is, that this Government is bound to
pay these claims, provided you are convinced,
from the facts in evidence, that the personal prop-
erty of the claimants was used for military pur-
poses by the order of an officer of this Government,
and that it was destroyed in consequence of that
user. The Senator says his distinction is, that
this liability does not exist unless the parties can
further show that they were prevented, after this
I' user, from taking the property away, beyond the
reach of the enemy. He contends that there is
no case to be found in the legislative history of
the country which goes against the principle
which he has announced. The first case to which
he referred was that of Mrs. Swan.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not desire to interrupt
the Senator; but I wish to inform him that that is
not my statement. He misapprehends me. I
said there was no case which recognized the prin-
ciple for which he contends. I admitted that, in
the application of the principle of relief, there
were special laws which I had no doubt I should
deem a misapplication of it.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator said in his speech:
" The only ground on which a claim can be made by a
citizen on his own Government for remuneration, arising
out 'of the act" of an f'nemy during a war, is thatrhe Gov-
ernment has imparted to the property by its act a character
which justifies us destruction under the rides and usages of,
warl'aie recognized by civilized nations. The honorable
commiitee spem to think that this character can be im-
parted to personal property. I sayitcannot."
There is his principle. He afterwards says:
" I come now to the facts of this ease. The Senator will
find I think, that compensation for personal property to a
nartv, in consequence of its destruction by the enemy,
where it has not been taken possession of by the Govern-
inent, has m no instance been made. I will not say that,
in the multiplicity of special laws which have been passed,
the pnnciple of the laws of 1816 and 1811 may not have
been misapplied, and that there may not have been some
cases in which personal property destroyed lias been direc-
ted to be paid for by special law, where the correct applica-
tion of the true ptinciple of relief may well be questioned."
He first states that where personal property has
not been taken possession of by the Government,
i it has not been paid for in any case; and then
qualifies the assertion in the manner in which I
have read. The first case to which he referred
was that of Mrs. Swan, which was for tobacco
deposited in one of those warehouses, I do not
know which.
Mr. BAYARD. In both.
Mr. PRATT. I wish only to read a short ex-
tract from the report in that case, on which he
commented, and mainly relied for the support of
his position:
" The claim appears to be unsupported by any testimony
of a nature to constitute a legal demand upon the Treasury.
If the claim had been fully proved—which is, in a word,
ihat the British had destroyed (in the last wai) five hogs-
heads of tobacco belonging to the petitioner—its payment
would be at war with the pruviMOiis of the acts of 1816 and
1825, and with the precedents established at various tunes
by Congress. Congress has steadily refused to enlarge the
provisions of those acts, so as to take in claims for indem-
nity J'or destruction of personal property by the public
enemy."
So that the committee here go the full length of
the Senator from Delaware, that this Government
has always refused to extend the principles of the
acts of 1816, and 1817, and 1825, so as to make the
principle applicable to personal property; and the
author of this report and my friend from Dela-
ware both say that the precedents show that the
Government has never gone beyond the principles
of the acts of 1816 and 1817. The whole argu-
ment of the commitiee, therefore, in this case of
Swan, in reference to the tobacco deposited in
these warehouses, and destroyed at the time, is
what? That there was no legal claim, that there
was no claim undertheacts of 1816 and 1817, and
that the precedents of the Government do not show
that we have heretofore gone beyond these acts.
What doesthatamount to ? The acts of 1816 and
1817 applied exclusively to real estate, and they
were so qualified even m reference to real estate
as to do manifest injustice to the citizens of this
country. I can readily imagine that a Govern-
ment, situated as ours was in 1816, directly after
coming out of the war with Great Britain, with
her Treasury exhausted., with no credit, when she
was borrowing money and receiving but fifty or
sixty cents in the dollar, might be less disposed to
extend justice as fully as it ought to do in paying
the indemnity due ioits citizens; and that the same
Government, when it became prosperous, as we
now are, would be willing to pay its just debts.
We have arrived at a time when we find that the
public domain of the country is not necessary for
the Treasury, but is used in building up—I will
not say improperly—a network of internal im-
provements throughout the country, when we find
the Treasury so full that we are trying to exhaust
it by every possible means. I say there is a dis-
tinction to be drawn between what would be
deemed justice on the part of a Government situ-
ated as ours was in 1816, and as it is now.
My honorable friend from South Carolina [Mr.
Evans] yesterday had a bill before the Senate to
provide tor the claims of the officers of the revolu-
tionary army. Suppose our fathers, immediately
after the revolutionary war, were in the position
which we now occupy, would there have been a
representative who would hesitate to support the
bill introduced by that honorable Senator? Would
there then have been a representative of the people
in either branch of the National Legislature who
would have dared to refuse to give to the officers
of the Revolution what they had lost by receiving
their pay in depreciated currency, if the Govern-
ment at that time, when these claims could be as-
certained, had the capacity to pay them?
Then, sir, I say that the restriciions which were
thrown around the laws of 1816 and 1817, if they
were necessary in view of the inability of the
Government at that time, are not necessary now;
and if lean show that, according to equity .justice,
fairness, and honor, this Government is bound to
pay its citizens, I care not whether 1 can satisfy
Senators that it is bound to pay under the law of
1816 or J817, or any other law; and 1 am sure
*that every Senator who will be convinced that, ac-
cording to equity and justice, the Government
owes this money, will be at the same time con-
vinced of the obligation to pay it, notwithstanding
those acts. What was the act of 1816? The
ninth section of that act provided:
" That any person who in the time aforesaid lias sus-
tained damage by the destruction of Ins or her house or
building by the enemy, while the same was occupied as a
military deposit under the authority of an officer or agent
of the United States, shall be allowed and paid the amount
