730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
of such damage : Provided, Ct shall appear that such occu-
pation was the cause of its destruction."
Now what was to concur here in ordei; to create
the obligation ? There must be the occupation for
military purposes by order of an officer of the
United States; but besides that, the actual destruc-
tion of the property whilst it was so occupied.
How often would it occur that the citizen whose
property, according to the usages of civilized war-
fare, was properly destroyed by the enemy, could
show that the destruction took place whilst it was
occupied by our forces? Where is the distinc-
tion between the obligation to pay for property
destroyed whilst it was occupied, and the obliga-
tion to pay for property which was occupied so
as to make it national, so as to confer the right
upon the enemy to destroy it? Where is the dif-
ference as to the rights of the individual, whether
the property was destroyed whilst it was occupied,
or in consequence of the occupation ? But, again,
sir, the proper* accounting officers, who had the
consideration of the act of 1816, construed even
that more broadly than our Government was will-
ing to agree to; and Mr. Madison, by proclama-
tion, suspended the operation of the act of 1816
until the next meeting of Congress, when the act
of 1817, supplementary to that of 1816, still more
restrictive than the former, was passed.
The report in Swan's case then is, that under
these acts of 1816 and 1817, the party had no legal
claim for the destruction of her property. Why,
sir, the very object of persons coming to Con-
gress for relief is because they have no legal claim.
If they had a legal claim, tney would go, under
the laws of the land, to the Treasury Department,
and receive payment for their losses, and there
would be no necessity for them to come before
Congress from year to year, with the delay which
has been incident to every claim of this character,
for the purpose of being paid. All these private
bills are predicated upon the assumed necessary
hypothesis that no legal claim exists. So much
for Swan's case.
The only other case to which my learned friend
has referred in support of the position assumed
by him is the case of Catlett. My friend did not
read the report in that case, which stated the prin-
ciple upon which the Committee on Claims of the
Senate asked the Congress of the United States to
pass in favor of the claim; but he read from the
very able report of the then Second Auditor, Mr.
Hagner, adverse to the allowance of the claim,
under a special act of Congress, passed for the
relief of Mr. Catlett. I will show that this re-
port, which my friend omitted to read, recognizes
the principle of the committee in this case, and is
identical with it, and that it places that claim upon
the same principle that the committee in this case
base the obligation of the Government to pay for
this tobacco. Then I have, not only by the re-
port in this case, but by the report of the commit-
tee in 1835, a recognition, not merely of the prin-
ciple, but also of the facts out of which grow this
obligation sought to be enforced to-day. In that
report on the case of Mr. Catlett, the committee
say:
" In regard to the chieflmlk of his losses, the committee
can perceive no safe principle on which they can rest m
recommending an allowance. The utmost extent to which
the Government can with safety go, in lemune,rating losses
to individuals, who have been subjected to injury by the for-
tunes of war, is, to protect them against its own act and its
consequences. Thus, if a house be occupied by the troops
of the country for military operations, it thercb) is placed
on the footing of any other military position, and may be
justifiably destroyed by the enemy. So, if puvate propeity
is used to assist in the defense of the country, or in the pros-
ecution of offensive military operations, it becomes as liable
to be destroyed by the enemy as any part of the material of
the army ; and, if destroyed, the Government is fairly an-
swerable for its value. Keeping this principle m view, the
committee can find no sufficient authority to lecommend
the payment of by far the iaigest portion of the claim set up
by the petitioner. But there are portions of the claim which
the committee consider as falling under the principle thus
laid down. The petuionei had in store, at Magiuder's
warehouse, on the Patuxent rivei, one hundred and fifteen
hogsheads of tobacco, which, along with the warehouse^
appears to have been burnt by the Butish in June, lb!4.
He had, also, a small number of hogsheads in store at Cedar
Point warehouse, which was destroyed in the same way.
" The proof is satisfactory to show that very «mart con-
flicts, between detachments of the enemy and Maryland
troop?, occurred at both these places; and that at Notting-
ham warehouse, seven miles distant from Masrruder's,
where the petitioner had in store one hundred and foity-mne
hogsheads of tobacco, a breastwork was made of the tobacco
for the defense of the American troops. While at Magtu
der's arid Cedar Point, the American troops found shelter
under the warehouses, and from thence continued to fire on
the enemy until their ammunition was expended. It is also
on proof that other warehouses, equally exposed, were left
unburned, m consequence, as is believed, of the absence of
all military operations in their immediate neighborhood by
the troops of the United States. The destruction of the
warehouses at Magruder's and Cedar Point, with their con-
tents, and the abduction of the tobacco from Nottingham,
seems fairly to be traceable to the principle laid down by
the committee; and to tins extent they report a bill for his
relief."
Thus, Mr. President, you find that, in Catlett's
case, the committee do not base the right to relief
upon any principle growing out of the acts of 1816
and 1817, but they base it upon the principle that
this Government is responsible for its acts and for
the consequences of its acts; and that, whenever by
its acts, or in consequence of its ac's, the property
of an individual citizen has been destroyed, the
Government is liable to pay for the property so
destroyed. That is the principle; but there is a
curious fact connected with this case which my
friend also omitted to state. The bill, in that case,
was reported identically in the language of the
one now on the tabl-e, that the accounting officers
of the Treasury should settle the account upon
principles of equity and justice, and pay accord-
ingly. The bill was amended in the Senate by
striking out the words " according to the princi-
ples of equity and justice," and inserting " in ac-
cordance with the acts of 1816 and 1817,"so that
the bill as passed was not in accordance with the
report of the committee. The bill reported by the
committee in conformity with the principles laid
down by them, was amended, and that amend-
ment placed the right of Mr. Catlett to relief, not
upon his being entitled to it in equity and justice,
but under the principles of the acts of 1816 and
3817. The very able argument of the then Audi-
tor, Mr. Hagner, which showed his great inde-
pendence and his entire unwillingness to be sub-
servient to Executive dictation, was not an argu-
ment to show that the claim ought not to be paid.
He sets out the fact that theacts of 1816 and 1817
had always been construed strictly by the Gov-
ernment; that Mr. Madison had issued his procla-
mation because the officer having power to con-
strue the first act, that of 1816, had given a wider
construction to it than he thought the financial
position of the Government would justify; that
the Senate, upon the report in Catlett's case, had
amended the bill by striking out the provision for
a settlement of the claim upon principles of equity
and justice, and had inserted a provision requiring
it to be settled upon the principles of the acts of
1816 and 1817; and his whole argument is intended
to show, not that the claimant was not entitled to
be paid upon the principles of justice and equity,
but that he should not be paid under the principles
of the acts of 1816 and 1817. In opposition to
this report of the Auditor, President Tyler, who,
when a member of the Senate, had reported the
bill to which I have referred, directed the account
of Catlett to be made out, and to be paid. The
question was submitted to the then Attorney Gen-
eral, Mr. Crittenden, who gave a short opinion,
that, under the law as passed, which authorized
Catlett's payment only upon such evidence as
would establish his claim under the principles of
the acts of 1816 and 1817, his claim could be al-
lowed, even under those acts and the evidence
which he had adduced,
I agree with the Auditor, that under the acts of
1816 and 1817, Mr. Catlett could not properly be
paid, because those acts referred to houses alone,
and they were to be paid for only when they were
destroyed whilst in the actual occupancy of the
Government for military purposes. I cannot see
how a law, which contained a provision that the
payment should be made when the property was
destroyed whilst in the occupancy of the Govern-
ment, would justify payment for tobacco which
was destroyed a month after it had been used for
military purposes by the Government.
I submit then, Mr. President, that the report in
the case of Swan, where the committee felt them-
selves obliged to be governed by the principle con-
tained in this report of Mr. Hagner, and where
they felt themselves obliged to be governed by the
theory started by my distinguished friend, that
the Government cannot impart to personal prop-
erty such a character as would give the enemy the
right to destroy it, and as would create a conse-
quent obligation on the part of the Government to
pay, shows, and that the very able report of Mr.
Hagner also goes to show, that if the bill origi-
nally reported in Catlett's case had passed the
Senate without amendment, his claim would have
been paid without difficulty. 'Mr. Hagner did
not attempt to show that the evidence did not es-
tablish a user by the Government of the property
for military purposes; but his whole argument
was designed to show that the President was
wrong in ordering Catlett to be paid, because the
law required him to be paid upon the principles
of the acts of 1816 and 3817, and the evidence did
not bring his claim within those principles. He
sets out the testimony. He states that a breast-
work was made of the tobacco at Nottingham,
and that the battle was fought behind the tobacco.
He states that at Magruder's Ferry our forces
were repulsed, and the enemy, on the very occa-
sion, approached and burned down the warehouse
with the tobacco in it.
1 come now, Mr. President, to a class of cases
in which 1 can show, I think, that my honorable
friend is entirely wrong in supposing that there is
no instance where we have paid for personal prop-
erty destroyed by an enemy, except where that
personal property was taken possession of by our
forces, or the owner was prevented by our forces
from removing it. As I have stated, the report in
| Catlett's case evinces-the opposite principle. The
| next case to which I ask the attention of the Sen-
ate is that of Colonel James P. Sothoron. He
lived upon the margin of this same Patuxent river,
in St. Mary's county, Maryland. Thehouse was
occupied by our forces, and they also used for
some purposes his barn, in which was deposited
tobacco. The American forces were driven from
the house, and the British destroyed it, or at least
injured it, arrd burnt down the barn with the to-
bacco in it. Now, I invite attention to a fact in
that case variant from the circumstances in the
present case, and making this a stronger one than
that. Colonel Sothoron petitioned Congress to
pay him for the houses destroyed by the enemy.
The report was in favor of paying for the houses,
and a bill was passed, and he was paid for them.
This was in 1836. Then in 1847 he petitioned
Congress to be paid for the tobacco which was
stored m his warehouse, and which was destroyed
in consequence of its being burned. I find that
Mr. Johnson, of Maryland, on the 6th of Febru-
ary, 1847, made a report in regard to that case.
In that report the committee state:
"As the (acts here set forth apply as well to the loss of
the personal, as well as of the real estate of the claimant,
it became a subject of inquiry with your committee, why
indemnity had been allowed for one, and not fox the other,
and whether the former application had included the per-
sonal property. On this point it is in evidence, (see the
deposition of W, B. Scott, the agent for the former claim
herewith filed, that no claim, was then made for indemnity
for personal property, in consequence of the advice of a
Senator from Maryland, and a Senator from Delaware,
who deemed it best to limit the application to the buildings
which came clearly within the provisions of the act of
1816. It is impossible, as your committee think, to draw
a distinction in equity between the loss of houses and of
personal property ivhich they may contain, and they believe
that if the petitioner was entitled, as in their opinion he
certainly was, to remuneration in the one case, he is so in
the other.
The committee reported a bill for his relief, but
it did not pass at that session. In 1848 Mr. Brad-
bury, from the Committee of Claims, made a favor-
able report upon the same claim. In that report
the committee say:
" It is difficult to draw a distinction, in equity, between
a claim for loss of buildings and of the personal property
they contain; and as the petitioner was entitled, according
to the evidence, to remuneration for the loss of the former,
he is, as we believe, for that of the latter.
The bill for his relief was then passed by both
Houses of Congress, and became a law. My
friend from Delaware will admit that here is a dis-
tinct avowal on the part of the committee of the
Senate,with the action of both branches of Congress
corresponding with it, in opposition to the prin-
ciple which he avows. It had never, as Mr. Rev-
erdy Johnson says in his report, entered into his
imagination that there could be, in equity or jus-
tice, a distinction drawn between real and personal
property; and Mr. Bradbury, in his subsequent
report on the same case, makes the same state-
ment.
At the first session of the Seventeenth Congress,
William Henderson, of Virginia, presented a
claim for the payment of personal property, which
was destroyed, with his house, during the war.
The committee at that session reported adversely
to the allowance of the claim; but both branches
of -Congress overruled the adverse report, and
granted relief to Mr. Henderson, by the passage
