2298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
Prom Houston, by Jones's Big Creek, Soli-
tude, Bingham's, and Liverpool, to Galveston.
-From Houston to Oyster Creek.
From Houston, by Hodge's Bend and Rich-
mond, to Wharton.
From Houston, by Cypress Top, to Ander-
son.
From Houston, by Clear Lake and J. Little's,
to Hodges.
From Houston, by Houseville, Rock Island,
Washington, Independence, Brenham, Yme
Grove, Round Top, Rutlersville, Lagrange, Plum
Grove, Cunningham, Alum Creek, Bastrop,Web-
berviile, and Oases, to Austin.
From Houston, by San Felipe, New Ulm, In-
dustry, and Fayetieville, to Lagrange.
From Houston, by Rose Hill and Montgome-
ry, to Huntsville.
From Huntsville to Red River Landing, Lou-
isiana.
From Huntsville, by Home, Sumpter, and
Lake, to Marion.
From Huntsville, by Prairie Plains and Ander-
son, to Washington.
From Huntsville to Mitchell's.
From Huntsville, by Cold Spring, Swartwout,
Livingston, Greenville, Woodville, Zavalla, Jas-
per, and Burkeville, to Burr's Ferry, Louisiana.
From Huntsville to Centreville, via Mitchell's
and Leona.
From Huntsville, by Trinity county seat, to
Marion.
From Indianola, by Saluria and Port Cavallo,
to Matagorda.
From Indianola, by McGrew's, to Victoria.
From Independence, by Caldwell, Chance
Prairie, Nashville, and Port Sullivan, to Came-
ron,
From Jasper, by Burkeville, to Burr's Ferry,
Louisiana.
From Jasper, by Zavalln, Mount Jordan, Ben-
dy's Landing, Billum's Creek, Mount Hope,
Moscow, and Livingston, to Swartwout.
From Jefferson, by Union Springs, Marshall,
Concord, Powellton, and Greenwood, Louisiana,
to Shreveport.
From Jefferson to Fulton, Aikansas, by Smith-
land and Point Monterey.
From Jefferson, by Galatea, Port Caddo,Cook's
Store, and Jonesvilie, to Powellton.
From Jefferson, by Floyd's Ferry, on Red
River, to Fulton, Arkansas.
From Jefferson, by Hickory Hill, to Dainger-
field.
From Jefferson, by Coffeeville, to Gilmer.
From Jefferson, by Southland, to Point Mon-
terey.
From Kaufman, by Kemp and Buffalo, to Taos.
From Kaufman, by Tiinity River, to Waxa-
hatohie.
From Lagrange, by Lyons, Oakland, Halletts-
ville, Petersburg, and Rooky Mills, to Victoria.
From Lagrange, by Columbus, Eagle Lake,
Egypt, Wharton, Preston, and Caney, to Mata-
gorda.
From Laredo to Eagle Pass.
From Leona, by Centreville, to Springfield.
From Liberty, by Woodville,to Nacogdoches.
From Liberty to Beaumont.
From Livingston, by Woodville, to Town
Bluff.
From Lynchburg to Smithfield.
From Lynchburg, by Tarkinton's Prairie, Liv-
ingston, and Harrington, to San Augustine.
From Lynchburg, by Cedar Bayou and West
Liberty, to Liberty.
From Madison, by Gotland, Newton, and Sa-
lem, to Burkeville.
From Manchester, by Waco, to Cameron.
From Marshall, by Ash Spring, Friendship,
Earpville, and Pine Tree, to Gilmer.
From Marshall to Port Caddo.
From Marshall, by Union Springs, to Jefferson.
From Marshall, by Ash Spring, Earville, Pine :
Tree, Point Pleasant, and Gum Spring to Tyler.
From Marshall, by Henderson,Tyler, Canton, !
Cedar Grove, Millwood, and McKinney, to Sher- |
man. i
From Marshall, by Glade Springs, Elysian !
Fields, Keatchie, Louisiana, and Grand Cane, to \
Mansfield. [
From Matagorda, by Brazoria and Cedar Lake, i
to Sugar Land. {
From McKinney, by Alton, to Birdsville. j
From McKinney to Sherman.
From Milan,by Pendleton, Manny, Louisiana,
and Fort Jesup, to Grand Ecore.
From Mount Carmel, by Staine's House, to
Gilmer.
From Mount Pleasant, by Jordan's Mills, to
Palestine.
From Mount Pleasant, by Gray Rock, Lone
Star, White Oak, Tarrant, Black Jack Grove,
Timber Creek, Greenville, Bean Creek, Millwood,
and Black Hill, to Dallas.
From Nacogdoches to Shelbyville, via Crane's.
From Nacogdoches, by Mount Enterprise, Hen-
derson, Millvilie, Waiimg's Ferry, and Ashville,
to Marshall.
From Nacogdoches, by Linn Flat, to Mount
Enterprise.
From Nacogdoches to Weiss Bluff.
From Nacogdoches, by Anadarco and New
Salem, to Tyler.
From Nacogdoches, by Douglass, Linwood,
Alto, Crockett, and Cincinnati, to Huntsville.
From Nacogdoches, by Marion and Herring-
ton, to Woodville.
From Nashville, by Wheelock, to Leona.
From New Braumfels, by Seguin and Belmont,
to Gonzales.
From New Braumfels, by Sisterdale, to Fred-
ericksburg.
From New Orleans, Louisiana, to Sabine City,
Texas.
From New Orleans, Louisiana, to Brazos San-
tiago, Texas.
From New Orleans, Louisiana, by Galveston,
Texas, Saluria, Port Cavallo, and Lasalle, to In-
dianola.
From Palestine to Magnolia.
From Palestine, by Kaufman, to Millwood,
thence through Searcy's Settlements, to Bonham.
From Paris, by Shocky's, to Pine Bluff.
From Paris, by Lake Creek, to Tarrant.
From Paris, by Prairie Mount, Ben Franklin,
and North Sulphur, to Greenville.
From Port Lavaca, by Woodport, to Texana.
From Gtuitman, by Kaufman, to Dallas.
From Red River Landing, Louisiana, to Hunts-
ville, Texas.
From Rock Island, by Chapel Hill, to Bren-
ham.
From Rock Island, by Washington, Independ-
ence, Brenham, Vine Grove, Round Top, Ru-
tersville, La Grange, Plum Grove, Cunningham,
Alum Creek, Bastrop, Webberville, and Cases,
to Austin.
From Rock Island, by Retreat and Gainesville,
to Anderson.
From Rock Island, by Tippet's, Wade's, and
Gaston's, to Hodges.
From Round Top, by Long Point and Gay
Hill, to Independence.
From Rusk, by Pinetown, Marlow's Hill, Pal-
estine, Beaver, Alfred, Athens, Kemp, Warsaw
Prairie, and Prairie Creek, to Dallas.
From Rusk, by Sulphur Sorings, to Douglass.
From Rusk, by Jacksonville, to Larissa.
From Rusk to Winwood.
From Sabine City, by Beaumont, Weiss Bluff,
Erin, Town Bluff, and Magnolia Springs, to Jas-
par.
From Sabinetown, by Fairmont and Toledo, to
Burkeville.
From Sabinetown, by Milan, San Augustine,
Cherimo, and Melrose, to Nacogdoches.
From Sabinetown, by Bear Creek, to Jasper.
From Sabinetown, by Hamilton, to Shelby ville.
From San Antonio, by CastroviIIe, Fort Inge,
and Leona, to Eaa;le Pass.
From San Antonio to Copano, via Goliad and
Refugio.
From San Antonio, by Goliad, to Lamar.
From Sin Antonio to Laredo.
From San Antonio, by Poast Oak, Southerland
Springs, Yorktown, Colletto, Sulphur Springs,
Pierpont Place, Victoria, and Port Lavaca, to In-
dianola.
From San Antonio to Fredericksburg.
From San Antonio, by Valley, to Seguin.
From San Antonio to CastroviIIe.
From San Antonio, by Eagle Pass, Presidio
del Noite, and El Paso, to Dona Ana.
From San Augustine, by Port Windham, to
Woodville.
From San Augustine to Marion.
From San Augustine, by Shelbyville, White
Cottage, Hilliard's, Pulaski, Kinlock, and Glade
Springs, to Marshall.
From San Jacinto to Smithfield.
From Saluria, by Lamar, Copano, and Aransas,
to Corpus Christi.
From Shelbyville, by Ash ton's and McMillan's,
to Pulaski.
From Shelbyville to Henderson.
From Shelbyville, by White Cottage, Buena
Vista, Henderson, Bunker Hill, Summer Grove,
and Clopton, to Tyler.
From Shelbyville, hy Myrick's Ferry, to Grand
Ecore, Louisiana.
From Sherman, by Bason Springs, to Gaines-
ville.
From Sherman, by Woodboro',toFort Wash-
ita, Grayson county.
From Shreveport, Louisiana,to Austin, Texas.
From Springfield, by Tewockony Springs,
Spring Hill, and Dresnen, to Chamber's Creek.
From Springfield to Marlin, via Alto Springs. •
From Springfield, by Cotton Gin, Fairfield,
Avant, Troy, Bethel, and Tennessee Colony, to
Palestine.
From Swartwout, by Cold Spring, to Hunts-
ville.
From Taos, by Musket, Corsicana, and Rich-
land Crossing, to Tewockony Springs.
From Taos, by Waxahatchie, Cedar Hill, and
Johnson's Station, to Birdville.
From Tarrant, by Hooker, Cedar Grove, Col-
lege Mound, and Kaufman, to Taos.
From Texana, by Wharton and Calder's, to
Columbia.
From Texana, by Morales de Lavaca and
Bearden, to Petersburg.
From Town Bluff, by Magnolia Springs, Cort-
land, Belgrade, Calcasieu Parish, and Dempsey's
Isles, in Louisiana to Cheneyville.
From Tyler, by Mount Carmel, Belzora,
Sand Spring, Q,uitman, and Big Dollar, to Tarrant.
From Tyler, by Hamburg and Brownsboro',
to Athens.
From Tyler to Mount Vernon, via duitman.
From Tyler, by Seven Leagues, Larissa, Kick*
apoo, and Plenitude, to Palestine.
From Tyler, by Flora, Jordan's, Saline, Bar-
ren Ridge, and Four Mile Prairie, to Kemp.
From Victoria, by Fanning's Defeat, Goliad,
Refugio, and San Patricio, to Corpus Christi.
l&From Victoria, by Texana and Wharton, to
Richmond.
From Victoria, by Anagua, to Lamar.
From Waco Village, by Dresden, to Corsicana.
From Waco Village, by Deer Creek, to Cam-
eron.
From Walling's Ferry, by Cotton Plant and
j Fredonia, to Henderson.
j From Washington, by Grimesville, Shannon,
! Montgomery, and Danville, to Cold Spring:.
From Washington, by Chapel Hill, Travis,
Belleville, Swearingen, San Felipe, Richmond,
Big Creek, Columbia, Hind's, Brazoria, and
Gulf Prairie, to Gluintanna.
From Washington, by Millican, Boonville,
Wheelock, and Alta Springs, to Springfield.
From Wheelock, by Prosperity and Marlin, to
Waco Village.
From Woodville to Town Bluff.
From Woodville, by Providence Hill, to Beau-
mont.
Arkansas.—From Amity to Hot Springs.
From Antoine, by Brooktown, Murfreesboro',
John Russ's, and Fannington, to Paraclifta.
From Antoine, by Stewart's Store and Captain
Tate's, on Little Missouri river, to Camden.
From Aberdeen, by Clarendon, Watensaw,
Lake Bluff, Duvall's Bluff, Des Arc, Augusta,
Grand Glaze, Elizabeth, Jacksonport, and Oil
Trough, to Batesville.
From Aberdeen, by Mound City, to Memphis,
Tennessee.
From Arkadelphia, by Alpine, Amity, Centre-
ville, and Caddo Grove, to Mount Ida.
From Arkadelphia, by Terre Noir, to Rome.
From Arkansas Post, by La Grew's Springs
and Molino del Rey, to Crockett's Bluff.
From Athens, to Springfield, Missouri.
From Bartholomew, by Holly Point, to Haw-
kins's Landing.
From Batesville, by Graham* Wallace Creek,
Little Rocky Bayou, Rich woods, Sylamon Creek,
and Locust Grove, to Wiley's Cove.
