1442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
pounds, or going afterwards and inserting in my
printed speech any other remarks than those
which I actually make use of when thus inter-
rogated.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Nor will the gentle-
man find any remarks in my speech for which I
will not hold myself responsible.
Mr. CAMPBELL. That is another thing; I
am not questioning the gentleman's responsibility
at all. it was as to a matter of fact that I inquired.
Did he utter this sentence on the floor?
First, then, I have never voted the Abolition
ticket; and 1 reply to the gentleman's question
that i did say that I believed General Scott was a
Whig—that he entertained Whig doctrines in re-
gard to the exercise of the veto power; and that I
believed, if he were elected President, and if the
Congress of the United States should repeal the
fugitive slave law, he would not veto the bill; and
I believe so still, if thegentleman desires to know
anything further on the subject of my opinions of
the fugitive slave law, I can tell him that I not
only voted against that law, but 1 " spit on plat-
forms" which approved its details, and I am op-
posed to it now. He will see by this confession
that there is no evasion of the question on my part.
But, Mr. Speaker, I propounded the question to
the gentleman as to whether he made use of the
terms which appear in his printed speech? He
says his impression is that he did. Now, I would
appeal to the honorable gentleman, his colleague,
[Mr. Cullom,] who was watching every rernaik
that he made at that time, as will be seen by his
response 1 did myself, whether he [Mr. Ciiurcii-
wei.i.] did make this remark, and charge jn his
speech, when he delivered it, that I had congrat-
ulated him ?
Mr. CULLOM. In relation to the question
raised by my honorable friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Campbell,] touching the discussion on the Ne-
braska hill, m which my colleague from Tennes-
see [Mr. Ciiurchwkll] took part when that
question was pending, it will be seen, by reference
to the speech of my colleague, that he referred to
me, making certain accusations against me, and
that the main thiend of the speech turned upon
the positions which I had taken in my speech on
tins question, and the c ause of my honorable
colleague in the Senate, [Mr. Bell. | In the course
of his speech, rtfy honorable colleague said that;
my speech was received with niu<-h eclat by north-1
ern Abolitionists, and announced that, on the con- i
elusion of it, I was congiatulated by the Aboii-I
tionists of the House, i was met, he said, by i
such Abolitionists as Giddinos, of Ohio, 1 then !
rose and said to my friend that that was untrue-,
and that Mr. Gmwvr.s never had congratulated
me, but was in the State of Ohio when my speech
was dehveied.
Mr. CHURCH WELL, (interrupting.) When
my colleague rose on the occasion he refois to,I
mud—as the House wilJ recollect, and as my
speech will show—" such men as Giddings, of
Ohio." I repeat the same now.
Mr. CULLOM. He charged me, as ! un-
derstand it, with having been congratulated by
avowed enemies of our institutions, such as Gid-
imnus, of Ohio. I then told him I was not con-
gratulated by him. Then he said that he meant
men of that stamp; Gkurit Smith and others, con-
gratulated me. 1 told him that he was equally
unfortunate in that charge; that Mr. Smith had
never congratulated me upon thespeech, from that
day to this. Then he said that I was congratu-
lated by men of such stamp; but did not mention
the name of my friend, [Mr. Campbi:i.i,, of Ohio;]
and had he done so, 1 should have told him that
he was also, in that charge, incorrect, because he
never congratulated me upon this floor in refer-
ence to my speech.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. The honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] who raises
this question of veracity, is very jealous of the
reputation of my colleague, and perhaps thinks
him not capable of defending himself. He calls
upon men directly interested,and makes witnesses
of them, to state what was said, Now, I have a
colleague here who says fie heard me in every
remark i made; and he says J did make the re-
marks in my printed speech.
Mr. CULLOM. Theremarkof my colleague,
when I toid him that Mr. Giddings did not con-
gratulate me, was that Mr. Gerrit Smitii did. 1
told him he was m fault in that. Then he said
that gentlemen of like political sentiments did,
without specifying any name.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. "Ofthat stamp" were
the words. Such was the fact, and i repeat it
now.
Mr. CULLOM. I told my colleague those
gentlemen did not congratulate me, and that Mr.
Smith did not.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Did not the 'Aboli-
tionists congratulate you upon the occasion?
Mr. CULLOM. I am glad my colleague has
asked the question, i have seen it charged, in
the Union newspaper of this city, that 1 was con-
gratulated by Mr. Giddings and the Abolitionists,
who hung around me like a cloud. I say here,
in my place, that if any Abolitionist .upon this
floor congratulated me upon the occasion I do not
know him as such to-day, nor did i then. But
men of both political parties, and both sections of
the Union, did congratulate me in great numbeis,
as all saw *md know, among whom were ex-
treme southern men, announcing that though they
differed with me m opinion upon the question,
they congratulated me upon the effort. Among
them was the distinguished -gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Preston,] and my worthy friend
fiom Virginia, now no more, [Mr. Sntodgrass,]
Governor Aike\t, of South Carolina, Mr. Reese,
of Georgia, Mr. Kerr, of North Carolina, several
of my own colleagues; and many other gentlemen,
whose names I need not repeat, who differed
with me in reference to the bill, would, if neces-
sary, do me the justice to say the same thing.
Mr. CHURCHWELL._ They did not con-
gratulate you upon the sentiments of the speech.
Mr. CULLOM. Of course not; but I felt it
was the greater compliment, i positively deny
that 1 was congratulated by a single Abolitionist
upon the occasion; and the gentleman should
learn to be a little more particular m making those
sweeping and random charges, intended to affect
others, without the semblance of truth or fact to
sustain them. Being untrue, these charges all fall
to the ground.
Mr. OLDS. I rise to a question of order. I
submit that the adjournment of Congress is now
under consideration, and that this debate is not
applicable to that question.
The SPEAKER pro tonpore. The gentleman
from Ohio asked, and obtained leave, to make a
personal explanation. And therefore, what he is
saying is in older.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not intend to have
my attention diverted from the issue that is made.
I assert that, although I paid the closest attention
to the honorablp gentleman during the delivery of
his speech, I did not hear him make any allusion
to me. His colleague [Mr. Cullom] says he did
not hear him. i now ask his other colleague on
my right, [Mr. Taylor,] whether he heard him
say any such thing.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order,
I want to know what is the question before the
House?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
before the House is the personal explanation of
the gentleman from Ohio, for which the House
have given unanimous consent.
Mr. SE WARD. W ell, sir, I object to his pro-
ceeding upon the ground that this is not personal
explanation.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. i hope the gentleman
will not object to my colleague answering the
question which the gentleman from Ohio has put.
Mr. SEWARD. I do object. This is not the
place to settle matters of this kind. I move that
the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the question of order, and decides that the
gentleman has not the floor to make the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now ask thegentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Taylor,] to say whether
he heaid his colleague use the language to which
I have referred.
Mr. HI LLYER. I rise to a question of order,
and I place it upon a ground which I think will
be sustained by the Chair. The gentleman from
Ohio has the floor to make a personal explanation,
but [ hold that consent does not give him the right
j to interrogate members about the House in lela-
| tion to a controversy respecting the speech of a
I brother member. That does not come within the
! privilege which has been extended to him by the
House. I ask that he may he confined to the priv-
ilege allowed him by the House to make a per-
sonal explanation.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that the House, by unanimous consent, gave
the gentleman from Ohio the privilege of making
a personal explanation, and that he must be the
judge, to a very gieat extent, of what that expla-
nation shall be.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. Having been
called upon to state what is my recollection as to
the point of difference between the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] and my colleague from
Tennessee, [Mr. Ciiurchwell,] all that it is neces-
sary, i presume, for me to say is, that my recol-
lection of what occurred between my colleagues,
[Messrs. Ciiurchwell and Cullom,] on the oc-
casion referred to, is precisely as stated by my
colleague, [Mr. Cullom.] That is my recollec-
tion.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Now, I hope the gen-
tleman from Ohio will ask the same question of
my other colleague near me, (Mr. Smith,] who
was close by me when I made the remarks alluded
to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish
to hrmg this matter to a close.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I hope thegentleman
will allow my colleague [Mr. Smith] to make a
statement in justice to me.
Mi. CAM'PBELL. Very well, propound the
question to him yourself.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. No, sir; I will not
ask it, but injustice to myself 1 ask you, sir, to
propound it.
Mr. SEWARD. I now renew my point of
order. The House will perceive that this is not
a proper personal explanation.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I hope the gentleman
will not insist upon his objection until my col-
league has made his statement.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I apprehend that the gen-
tleman from Georgia cannot prevent the statement
from being made.
Mr. SEWARD. I insist upon my question of
j order. The object of this discussion is evidently
i to arraign the gentleman from Tennessee upon
! the charge of falsehood. [A laugh.]
Several Members. "Oh, no!"
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I do not so under-
stand it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly I have no such
puipose.
i Mr. SEWARD. Well, sir, this is a question
I in which the gentleman from Tennessee is only
| concerned. 1 want to know how the gentleman
from Ohio is personally interested in the mat-
j ter ?
] The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
j overrules the question of order raised by the gen-
I tleman from Georgia.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I appeal from the de-
! cision of the Chair.
j The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
| unanimously permitted the gentleman from Ohio
j to make a personal explanation. The gentleman
| from Georgia raises the question of order that the
I gentleman from Ohio is not confining himself to
that explanation. The Chair overrules the ques-
i tion of order, and from that decision the gentle-
i man from Georgia takes an appeal. The question
| now is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
! the judgment of the House?"
1 Mr. CHURCHWELL. I hope, in justice to
; myself, that the gentleman from Ohio may be al-
lowed to proceed.
Mr. SEWA RD. At the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Churchwell,] I
withdraw the appeal.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am very far from ar-
raigning the gentleman from Tennessee on the
charge of falsehood. I wish that understood.
What I do undertake to say is, that there are
things printed in that speech which, whether said
or not, are not true. 1 do not say that the gentle-
man from Tennessee has wilfully and deliberately
uttered untruth; but he has uttered,if what is
printed was uttered, an untrue statement of several
things.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Point them out.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Whether they were said
or not the allegations are not correct, the first that
is untrue, and thegentleman will understand me to
use the term in no disrespectful sense, is that his
