ft® '€ON©RBiS0M&: GLOBE.
August,
FromParisto Hickman, (Mills Point,) Ken-
tucky. . .
From Paris to- Humphrey C. H., via Point
Mason. "
Prom-Paris to Perryville, via Benton'G. H. a,nd
Morgan's Greek.
From Paris-to South Gibson,, via Caledonia,
Fleming's, Christmasville, and Shady Grove.
From Paris to Charlotte, via-Point Mason.
From Paris, by Sherwood, Barren Hill, Boyds-
ville, Dukedom, Feliciana, Kentucky,. Wesley,
and.Clinton, to Columbus.
From Petersburg, by Catalpa Grove, Spring
Place, New Hope, Belfast, Lewisburg, Farming-
ton, Caney Spring, Chapel Hill, and Rigg'sCross
Roads, to Jordin's Store.
From Pikeville to McNair's, on Conasauga,
via Blythe's Ferry.
From Pikeville to Oat's Landing, via Lloyd s,
Thomas's Cross Roads, Hanson's, Kirkland's,
Hilliard's, and Shelton's.
From Pikeville to Jasper, via the east side of
Lequatchee river.
From Pikeville, by Smith's Cross Roads,
Washington, Kelly's Ferry, and Decatur, to
Athens.
From Post Oak Springs, by Eagle Furnace
and Sulphur Springs, to Washington.
From Pulaski, by Fayetteville and Tullahoma,
to McMinnville.
From Pulaski, by Shoal Spring, Sugar Creek,
and Lexington, Alabama, to Ingram's Cross
Roads.
From Pulaski, by Vale Mills, Bodenham, and
Lawrenceburg to West Point.
From Purdy, by Morse Creek, Jones's M.ills,
Metamora, jonesboro', Mississippi, and Ruckers-
ville, to Ripley.
From Purdy, by Stantonville, Hamburg, Red
Sulphur Springs, Eastport-, Mississippi,Waterloo,
Alabama,Gravelly Spring,Oakland, and Florence,
to Tuscumbia.
From Raleigh, by Sulphur Well.Loosahatchie,
Concordia, Sharon, and Wesley, to Brownsville.
From Raleigh, by Ross-town, Portersville,
Bloomington, Covington, Walnut Post, Ripley,
Dry Hill, Cottage Hill,* and Double Bridges, to
Dyersburg.
.From Raleigh, by Big Creek, to Randolph.
From Readyville to Bradyville.
From Rogersville, by Anderson's Cross Roads,
War Gap, Kyle's Ford, and Whitesburg, Vir-
ginia, to Jonesville.
From Rogersville, by Mill Bend, Van Hill.,
Laurel Gap, Newmansville, and Graysburg, to
Rheatown. *
From Rogersville, by Lee Valley, Sneedsville,
Mulberry Gap, and Yellow Springs, to Tazewell.
From Rogersville, by St. Clair to Russellville.
From Rutledge, by Tampico, Mill Spring, and
New Market, to Dandridge.
From Sevier C. H., by Walden's Creek, Wear's
Cove, Tuckaleeche Cove, and Cade's Cove, to
Chilhowee.
From Sevier C. H., by Pigeon Forge, Ocona,
Lufty, duallatown, Big Spring, Scott's Creek,
East Laporte, and Cat Valley, to Pickens C. H.,
South Carolina.
From Shelbyville to Rowsville.
From Shelbyville, by Richmond, Petersburg,
and Cane Creek, to Fayetteville.
From Shelbyville, by Flat Creek, Lynchburg,
and Mulberry, to Fayetteville.
From Shelbyville, by Richmond, Belfast, Lew-
isburg, Cochransville, Cornersville,and Richland,
to Pulaski.
From Shelbyville, by Rich Valley, Chestnut
Ridge, Norris Creek, Fayetteville, Goshen, and
Meridianville, Alabama, to Huntsville.
From Shelbyville to War Trace Depot.
From Shelbyville, by Pulaski and Lawrence-
burg, to Waynesborough.
From Srmthville, by Mountain Creek, McMinn-
ville, and Rocky River, to Spencer.
From Smithville, by Mechanicsville, to Wood-
bury.
From Smithsville, crossing Caney Fork at
mouth of Holmes's Creek, to Pekin.
From Somerville, by Laurel, Belmont, Sharon,
and Gum Hill, to Covington.
From Somerville, by Danceyville, to Browns-
ville.
From Somerville, by Whiteville, and Clover-
port, to Medon.
From Sparta, by Falling Water, White Plains,
Oak Hill, Netherland, Livingston, Monroe,
Olympus, and Hale's - Mills, to Albany,Ken-
tacky..
From Sparta, by Newark, Double Springs,
Byrne, Pekin, Convenient, Carthage, Dixon's
Springs,Hartsville, Enon College, and. Castillian
Springs, to Gallatin.
From Sparta, by Spencer, Pikeville, Robertson's
Cross Roads, Old. Madison, Fillmore,.Walden's
Ridge, Soddy,.and Merry Oaks, to Chattanooga.
From Sparta, by Cave, Rock Island, McMmrt-
vi lej Rough and Ready, Hickory Creek, Hills-
boro', and Elk River, to Deckerd.
From Sparta, by W hite's Salines, Cumber-
land Institute, and Dry Valley, to Walnut Grove.
From Sparta, by Green Tree, Solon, and Bee
Creek, to Nine Mile.
From Springfield to EddyviHe, Kentucky, via
Port Royal, Clarksville, Palmyra, and Steward
C. H.
From Springfield to Haydonsville, Kentucky,
via Clark's Mills and Cross's Mills.
From Sycamore, by Elisha Clark's and Brew-
er's, to Sneedville.
From Tazewell, by Isaac Buchannan's and
Caven Robinson's, to Jonesville, Virginia.
From Tayiorsviile to Mast's, via Taylorsville,
North Carolina, Roane's Creek, Tennessee,
Dougherty's, Baker's Gap, and Shady.
From Taylorsville, by Baker's Gap, Caster's
Iron Works, and .Sweet Water, North Carolina,
to Sugar Grove.
From Taylorsville, by Laurel Fork and Sharp's
Cross Roads, to Abingdon, Virginia.
From Taylorsville, by Shady, Holston, Valley,
and Paperville, to Sapling Grove, Virginia.
Erom Tellico Plains, by Coker Creek, Beaver
Mills, Murphy, North Carolina, Peach Tree,
Hiwasse, Shady Grove, Georgia, and Nacooche,
to Clarksville. .
From Tobacco Port, by Hope, Spottswood,
Wilkinson's, to Pine Bluff, Kentucky.
From Three Forks, by Commerce, Clinton
College, and Gordonsville, to Carthage.
From Trenton, by Yorkville, Chester, Mason
Hall, Troy, and Fremont, to Hickman, Ken-
tucky.
From Trenton, by Eaton, Friendship, Chest-
nut Bluff, Leasville, Woodville, Ripley C. H., and
Cane Bottom, to Fulton.
From Trenton, by Antioch, Locust Grove, and
WinstonJ to Dresden.
From Trenton, via Bluff. Springs, Hope Hill,
Lavinia, South Carroll, Spain's, and Lessen-
berry's, to Lexington.
From Trenton, by Shiloh and South Gibson, to
Jackson.
From Troy, by Red Foot and Silver Top, to
Compromise, Kentucky.
From Trundle's Cross Roads, by Ellejay, to
Marysville.
Fi om Washington, by Smith's Cross Roads and
Sail Creek, to Soddy.
From Washington, to Orme's Store.
From Waynesboro', by Houston, Pleasant
Valley, and Lowryville, to Eagle Mills.
From Waynesboro', by Factor's Fork, West
Point, Way land Springs, Florence, Alabama,
Westmoreland, Cypress inn, and Victory, to
Waynesboro'.
From Waynesboro', by Sorby, Smith's Fork,
Engleside, Savannah, Adamsville, Purdy, Rose
Creek, Crainsville, Boliva, Van Buren, and Wil-
liams's Store, to La Grange.
From Waynesboro', by Clifton Hermitage,
Decaturville, Lexington, Juno,and Cotton Grove,
to Jackson.
From Waynesboro', by Whitaker's Bluff, to
Linden.
From Waynesboro', by Carrollville, to Patrick.
From Waverly, by Buffalo and McCageville,
to Linden.
From Winchester, by Hawkersville and Cum-
berland, to Pelham.
From Woodbourne, by Academia, to Straw-
berry Plains.
From Woodbourne, by Cedar Ford, Powder
Spring Gap, Red Hill, and Clear Spring, to Thorn
Hill.
From Woodbourne, by Racoon Valley, Loy's
Cross Roads, and Grantsboro', to Jacksonboro'.
From Woodbourne, by Vandegriff's and
Moore's Rest, to Clinton.
Prom Wood's, by Brodie's Landing, Farm-
ville, Poplar Spring, and Pleasant- Exchange, to
Red Mound.
Kentucky.—From Alexandria, by Carthage,
Flag- Spring, Motier, and Locust Mills, to Au-
From Albany, by Elliott's Cross RoadB and
Pall Mall, Tennessee, to Jamestown.
From Augusta to Brookville.
From Aurora, by Hico,Shiloh, Murray, Locust
Grove, Conyersville, Tennessee, Paris, Albany,
and Macedonia, to Huntingdon.
From Barboursville, by Meadow Creek, to
Whitley C. H.
From Blandville to Cairo, Illinois.
From Blandville, by Bell Ombre and Hazle-
wood, to Caledonia, Illinois.
From Booneville, tt> Hazle Green.
From Bowling Green, by South Union, Alli-
son, Russellville, Daysville, Elkton, Fairview,
Hopkinsville,.Belleview, Cadiz, Canton, Golden
Pond, Aurora, Wadesboro', Mayfield, Fancy
Farm, and Milburn, to Columbus.
From Bowling Green, by Warrenton, Swan
Creek, Wood Berry, Morgantown, and Crom-
well, to Hartford.
From Brandenburg, by Constantine, Flint Isl-
and, Cedar Grove, Union Star, and Stephensport,
to Cloverport-
From Brandenburg, by Mead ville and Hudson-
ville, to Litchfield.
From Bradfordsville, by Mannsville and Ca-
sey's Creek, to Neatsville.
From Carrollton, by Sandifer's Store, to Camp-
bellsburg.
From Carrollton, by Winona, to Bedford.
From Carrollton, by W orthvilleand Port Royal,
toDrennon's.
From Catlettsburg, by Round Bottom, Louisa
C. H., Paintsville, Prestonburg, Lanesville, and
Coal Grove, to Piketon.
From Campbellsville to Neatsville, in Dark
county.
From Chaplain, by Snider's and Duncan, to
Cornishville.
From Compromise to New Madrid, Missouri.
From Cloverport, by Fordsville, Hmes's Mills,
Pleasant Grove, Hartford, North Creek, Point
Pleasant, and Livermore, to Worthington.
From Covington, by Bank Lick, to Independ-
ence.
From Cynthiana, by Oddville, to Claysville.
From Columbia, by Breeding's, to Burkesville.
From Columbia, by Montpelier, Jamestown,
and Horse Shoe Bottom, to Monticello.
From Columbia, by MiUersville, Creelsborough,
and Seventy-Six, to Albany.
From Crab Orchard, by Lancaster, to Bryants-
ville.
From Cumberland Ford, by La Fontaine,
Letcher, and Harlan C. H., to Jonesville, Vir-
ginia.
From Cumberland Ford, by Parton's Store, to
Boston, in Whitley county.
From Danville, by Milledgeville, Hustonville,
Middleburg, Liberty,and Neatsville, to Columbia.
From Danville, by Mitchelsburgand Haysville,
to Lebanon.
From Danville, by Stanford, Walnut Flat,
Crab Orchard, and Mount Vernon, to London.
From Elizabethtown, by Stevensburg, Gray-
son's Springs, Litchfield, Caneyville, Morgan-
town, Berry's Lick, and Rabbitsville, to Russell-
ville.
From Elizabethtown, by Cofer, Hodgensville,
Oak Hill, Allendale, Summersville, Greensburg,
and Haskensville, to Columbia.
From Elizabethtown, by Big Spring, to Har-
dinsburg.
From Elizabethtown to Buena Vista;
From Elkton, by Trenton, Roscoe, and Pea
Ridge, Tennessee, to Clarksville.
From Eddyville, by Birmingham, to Benton.
From Falmouth to Foster's.
From Falmouth, by Grassy Creek, Fiskburg,
and Piner's Cross Roads, to Crittenden.
From Falmouth, by Havilandsville, Claysville,
Kentontown, Mount Olivet, Sardis, and Mur-
pheysville, to Washington.
From Florence, by Burlington and Middle
Creek Mills, to Bullittsville.
From Forest Retreat, by Carlisle, Weston, and
Moorefield, to Carter's Store.
