1444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
ttiate such noble sentiments, by whomsoever ut-
tered.
Mr. EWING. I should like the gentleman
from Illinois to state whether he, too, is of the
Henry Clay school? [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE. lam. I will state that
I was a member of the convention at Baltimore,
and helped to nominate Henry Clay, in 1844.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. One word, and I will
close. The points, and, as I understand it, the
only points which have been made by the gentle-
man from Ohio upon me, is simply whether I
used the expression to which he has referred in
rtiy printed speech, in my remarks in the House,
and whether he did congratulate my colleague
upon his speech. The gentlemen have presented
their evidence. Now, sir, I come in with rebutting
testimony, i will present affirmative evidence. I
ask my colleague, [Mr. Smith]—and I might bring
other witnesses to back him, if necessary—to state
to the House whether he did not hear me use the
language contained in my printed speech to which
the gentleman from Ohio has referred ?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. It will be recol-
lected that I occupied a seat near my colleague
during the delivery of his speech. Attheportion
of his speech now in controversy, I was handing
my colleague an extract which he had desired me
to turn to for him, and as 1 handed it to him, he
turned to me, and while finishing a remark, I dis-
tinctly heard him use the name of Mr. Campbell.
I do not flunk he said it loud enough to be heard
by the House generally, but I heard him dis-
tinctly.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Now, I think that
matter is settled; and now I want the gentleman
distinctly to understand that 1 accept his correc-
tion, but that he has not entrapped me, as was pre-
meditated, and as he desired. I have done.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I now rise to
a question of privilege.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to say a word. 1 will not occupy the time of
the House but a moment.
Mr. STANTON. It seems to me that enough
has been said upon this matter; but as the gentle-
man desires to make an explanation in reference
to himself,I will yield to him, Imping that he will
make his remarks as brief as possible.
Mr.HILLYER, I must object to any further
personal explanation. I gave notice some time
since that I would.
HON. MIKE WALSH—CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. On Saturday
l&st there was presented to this House a petition
signed by George W. Isaacs, of the city of New
York, and others, protesting against the right of
the Hon. Mikk Walsh to hold a seat upon this
floor. As that memorial is short, I send it to the
Clerk, and ask that it may be read.
The memorial was read by the Clerk, us follows:
To the Honorable the House of Representative*:
The petition of (Jeorge W. Isaacs unet others whose
Ttame>* are hereunto appended, of the city of New York,
respectfully showeth:
That cinly m the present session, a petition was pre-
sented to the Hou«-e, alleging, arid oflmnij to sustain by
evidence, the fact that Mike Walsh, now holduu; <i ^eat in
the lIoiHC, from the fourth congressional di.-tnct of the
State oi New York, was incapacitated to retain the same,
by reanm of hn being an alien. The petition was reported
back by the Committee of Elections, became no pioots
accompanied it. A further petition was subsequently pre-
sented, with two afhdinits annexed, of respectable wit-
nesses, taken before a United States Commissioner, estab-
lishing the fact ot Mr. VVaMi's mehj.'ibiJiiy, with an offer
to produce additional testimony in Mipport thoieoi, m such
manner a-s the House or its Committee of Election* might
order ami direct. Repeated etiorN have been made by per-
sonal correspondence with *ome members of the commit-
tee, to obtain a hearing of the m.ittn ; but thus fat it ha&
been without success. We now desire to bring this ques-
tion directly to the attention of the House, and to ask, as
we respectfully do. that some order shall be promptly made,
by means ot winch jour petitioners shall be enabled to lay
before you their proofs, which we art; readv to adduce
whenever an opportunity shall be afforded to us; and in
such manner as -diall be directed by you.
And your petitioners will ever pray.
G. W. ISAACS,
JOHN GRIFFIN, 192 Hester street.
"WILL AJU) PHELPS, No. Ifi, First avenue,
PATRICK HURLEY, No. 8J* Chatham Ureet.
WILLIAM P. POWERS, 76 Prince sheet.
JOHN K.EFCIIUM, 271 Elizabeth street,
New York, May 30, 1854.
Mr. STANTON. The memorial just read was
sent to the Speaker of this House, accompanied
by the letter which I hold iu my hand, with the
request that it be read to this body. The letter to
the Speaker goes on to say that the first memorial
to the House was sent at the commencement of
the session, to Mr. Ewinc, one of the Committee
of Elections, who "has played the traitor and
coward in stifling its contents from the country."
The SPEAKER pro tempore, .(Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee, in the chair.) The gentleman had bet-
ter have the letter read from the desk.
Mr. STANTON. I do not intend to have the
whole of the letter read. I only wish to refer to
those parts which cast censure very unjustly, I
think, upon members of the Committee of Elec-
tions.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I claim that the whole
paper ought to be read.
Mr. STANTON. Very well; if that be the
wish of the House, it must be so; though I prefer
it should not be done.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the letter as
far as Mr. Stanton had stated its contents.
Mr. ORR, (interrupting.) I object to the read-
ing of a document which reflects in the manner
this does on a member of this House.
Mr. EWING. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his objection, and let the letter be read. It
would be doing me great injustice to stop Us read-
ing now.
[Cries of "Read it!"]
The SPEAKER. The paper will be read.
Connected with the right of a member to a seat
in this body, and introduced on a privileged ques-
tion, it must, in the opinion of the Chair, be read,
if desired.
Mr. ORR. I do not assent to the correctness
of the proposition that everything submitted here
as a question of privilege must, of necessity, be
read. The gentleman from Kentucky asks me to
withdraw my objection. In justice to him I do
so; but I think that the paper ought not to have
been presented when it rellected m the manner it
does on a member of this House.
Mr. STANTON. I have no desire that the
paper should be read. I intended simply to read
a few lines of it, in order to show to the House
that the Committee of Elections have been very
much censured in consequence of their not having,
as these persons suppose, taken proper action on
their petition. These letters are addressed, one
to the Speaker, and the other to the honorable
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Smith,] and
reflect on the committee and the honorable mem-
ber whose claim to a seat here is contested, in very
gross and vulgar language. My object in obtain-
ing the floor this morning, was simply to present
this matter, to the House, and to ask it to take
some action on the subject, which 1 shall indicate
in proper time. I hope that the further reading
of the papers will be dispensed with, and that I
may be allowed to go on with my statement.
[Ones of t( Read !"]
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman move
to dispense with the further reading of the papers ?
Mr. STANTON. I merely suggested that
their further reading be dispensed with, on account
of the nature of their contents; and as that seems
to be the desire of some gentlemen, I submit the
motion now to dispense with the further reading,
if that be necessary to get rid of the leading.
Mr. EWING. I would ask it now as a favor
from the House that the letter be read. I think,
in justice to me, that its further reading should
not be dispensed with.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Enough has been
read to make the reading of the remainder neces-
sary.
Mr. HUNT. I think that the entire letter ought
now to be read. It brings a charge of dishonor
against a member of this House. The whole
letter, when read, will show the temper in which
it has been communicated to the body. As an
act of justice to the gentleman from Kentucky, it
ought to be read.
Mr. STANTON. Permit me to say, that the
remarks inclosed m brackets are only those which
relate to the committee. The balance of the let-
ter refers to the honorable gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Walsh,] and treats him quite as
badly, if not worse, than the committee.
Mr. PRESTON. I hope the letters will be
read.
The question was then taken whetherthe letters
should be read, and it was decided in the affirm-
ative.
The letters were then read through by the
Clerk.
Mr. STANTON, It will be seen that the au-
thor of these letters refers to former memorials
which have been sent to this House, one of which
wassentto my honorable colleague, [Mr. Ewjng,]
and by him regularly presented to the House, and
referred to the Committee of Elections. The
committee met, and took up the question; but
found that there was no proof submitted by these
memorialists which would justify their taking any
action on the subject; and, after waiting a reason-
able" time, they reported the memorial back to the
House, and asked to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the subject.
Subsequently another memorial—the one which
I hold in my hand—was presented to this House.
I believe by myself, at the request of one of the
parties. It contains two affidavits, which purport
to be the proof on which this whole charge
against the honorable gentleman from New York
rests. One of these affidavits states that on a
certain occasion the affiant met the Hon. Mr.
Walsh either in Albany or in New York, and
that in a conversation with him, the Hon. Mr.
Walsh said he would not acknowledge himself
to be an Irishman born, because at some future
day he might be called upon to become Presi-
dent of the United States, [laughter;] and the
Constitution, said he, would forbid him to occupy
that position.
The next affidavit is that of a person who calls
herself Charlotte Malony. She says she was
once on a visit to Ireland, or happened to be in
Ireland, when she met the mother of the Hon. Mr.
Walsh, and her son Mike, who was then achild
of six or eight years of age; and that when there
the mother told her that Mike was born in Ire-
land. That subsequently she had met the mother
and child hete m New York, and recognized Mike
as the same one she had seen in Ireland. That is
the whole of the testimony presented by this me-
morial, and which has come before the committee.
Some time efter the memorial was referred to the
committee, I received the following letter from the
gentleman who signed it:
Nrw York, May 9, 1854.
Sir : Can I ask the favor to be informed if any pioeeed-
ings are likely to be boon taken by the Commiuee ot Elec-
tion-, in reference to the petition of im-self and others in
your possesion, or in that of the committee ?
I dislike to be troublesome ; but your prompt and cour-
teous leply to my foimer note warrants me in asram calling
your attention to the subject. Those who have united with
me in this matter have been daily expecting to receive
some notification from your committee, and are constantly
importuning rue with inquiries.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
G. W. ISAACS,
No. 141 cusf 21th, sheet.
Hon. Riciiard H. Stanton.
When I received that letter, (which is from one
of the persons whose names are attached to the
memorial presented on Saturday,) i called the
Committee of Elections together. 1 laid the matter
before them; and, under their instructions, I re-
plied to the letter, assuring the gentleman who
wrote it that the Committee of Elections would
take up the matter whenever the papers and proof
substantiating the case were laid before them; that
the testimony then before them was not sufficient
to justify any action on their part; that it scarcely
made out a "prima facie case; and that the com-
mittee could go no further, unless they were put
in possession of more and stronger testimony. I
said to him, also, that if heand his friends desired
to produce more testimony on the point before this
committee, it was for them to have it taken in the
city of New York, and sent here to some member
of the New York delegation, so that it might be
presented to the House, and regularly referred to
our committee; and that when they made out a
case in this way, the committee would be prepared
to act upon it, and to act promptly. At least such
is my recollection of the contents of my reply, as
I kept no copy of the letter.
I am satisfied, from the correspondence whio.h
f have had with this gentleman, and from the let-
ters which have been presented here to-day, that
this whole crusade against the honorable gentle-
man from New York, grows outof somepersonal
ill-will entertained towards him by, at least, some
of the persons who have signed the memorials.
I am satisfied that the matter ought riot to en-
gage the attention of this House further; and for
this reason I intend to move, before I close my
