2304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August.
Prom Somerset, by Smith's Perry and Craig's
Ferry, to Rockhold's.
Prom Somerset, by Waterloo, Harrison, Min-
tonsville, Miltonville, to Poplar Hill.
Prom Somerset, by Stone's, Brawner, Keiley's
Store, and Dibbert's Store, to Williamsburg.
From Somerset, by Grundy, Dallas, Line
Creek, and Rose Hill, to London.
From. Scottsville, by Allen's Springs, to Bow-
ling Green.
From Salem, by Berry's Ferry, to Golconda,
Illinois.
From Shelbyville, by Southville and Jesse's
Store, to Mount Eden.
From Shelbyville, by Eminence and New Cas-
tle, to Drennon's.
From Stanford,by Waynesburg, Adam's Mills,
Somerset, Clio, Mill Springs, Steubenville, Mon-
ticello, Newberry, and Alpha, to Albany.
From Star Furnace, via Amanda, Bellefonte,
Ohio, and Buena Vista, to Ironton.
From Star Furnace, by Mount Savage Furnace,
to Grayson.
From Tompkinsville, by Lodi, Tennessee,
Bennett's Ferry, and Hamilton's Landing, to
Livingston.
From Warsaw, by Napoleon and Dowmngs-
ville, to Wiliiamstown.
From West Point, by Garnettsville, Rock
Haven, Brandenburg, Webster, Clifton Mills,
Hardinsburg, Cloverport, Hawesville, Yelving-
ton, Owensboro', Hebbardsville, Henderson,
Smith's Mills, Morganfield, and Raleigh, to
Shawneetown, Illinois.
From West Liberty, by Bloomington and Lick-
ing Station, to Paintsville.
From West Liberty, by Little Sandy and
Blaine, to Louisa C. H.
From Wiliiamstown, by Cordova, Raven
Creek, Rutland, and Connersville, to Leesburg,
From Wiliiamstown to Callensville.
From Winchester, by Ruckersville and Duna-
way's, to Goude's Precinct.
Ohio.—From Akron, by Copley and Sharon
Centre, to Medina.
From Akron to Middlebury.
From Akron, by Montrose, Coddingville,
Granger, Weymouth, Brunswick, and Liverpool,
to Grafton.
From Amesville, by Pleasant Valley, Elliott's
X Roads, Woody's Mill, Rosseau, Hickerson's
X Roads, and Malta, to McConnellsville.
From Antwerp, by Hicksville, Newville, Indi-
ana, Norristown, and Buckhill, to De Kalb,
Indiana.
From Ashland, by Savannah and Ruggles, to
New London.
From Ashland, by Perote, Nova, North Ro-
chester, Brighton, and North Camden, to Hen-
rietta.
From Ashland, by Oliversburg, Rives, Shanan-
doah, and Richland, to Plymouth.
From Ashland, by Nankin, Polk, Sullivan,
Huntington, Wellington, and Pittsfield, to Ober-
lin.
From Ashland, by Hayesville, Mohican, and
McKay's, to Loudonville.
From Ashtabula, by East Plymouth, North
Sheffield, Kellogsville, Monroe Centre, Clark's
Corners, and Cherry Hill, to Elk Creek, Penn-
sylvania.
From Ashtabula Harbor, by Plymouth, Jeffer-
son, and Denmark, to Richmond.
Prom Athens, by Shade and Burlingham, to
Chester.
From Athens, by Lowry, Star, New Plymouth,
Swan, and Rock House, to Adelphi.
From Athens, by Cavalry, Log Cabin, Rin-
gold, and Malta, to McConnellsville.
From Athens, by Canaansville, Guysville, Fed-
eralton,Goolville, Hockingport, Little Hockhock-
ing, Centre Belpre, Belpre,Constitution,and Har-
mar, to Marietta.
Prom Austin, by Good Hope, to Washington
C. H.
Prom Bainbridge, by Mount Latham, to Wa-
verly.
From Bainbridge, by Greenfield, New Martins-
burg, South Plymouth, and West Lancaster, to
Jamestown.
From Bainbridge, by Cynthiana, Sinking
Snring, Locust Grove, Dunbarton, and Dunkins-
ville, to West Union.
From Barlow's, by Veto, to Centre Belpre.
From Bank Mills, in Brown county, to West-
borough, in Clinton county.
From Barnesville, by Temperanceville, Atlas,
Calais, and Miltonsburg, to Woodsfield.
From Barnes vilie, by Leather wood, Batesville,
Calais, Summerfield, Enoch, Olive, Sharon,
Keith's, Moscow Mills, and Meigsville, to Mc-
Connellsville.
From Bartlett, by Decaturville, to Centre Bel-
pre.
Prom Barlow, by North Belpre, Decaturville,
and Baker's Settlement, to Coolville.
From Beaver, Pennsylvania, by Black Hawk,
Saint Clair, Clarkson, Ohio, and Elkton, to New
Lisbon.
Prom Bedford, by Solon, Aurora, Mantua,
Center, Hiram, and Rapids, to Parkman.
Prom Bellefontame, by Lewistown, Muchi-
nippe, St. John's, and Wapahkonetta, to St.
Mary's.
From Bethel, by Nicholsville and Laurel, to
Point Pleasant.
From Bloomington to Cross Roads, on the
Wilmington and Zanesville Railroad.
From Bolivar, by Sandyville, Magnolia,
Waynesburg, Malvern, Oneida, Mills, Perkin,
Minerva, Bayard, East Rochester, and Green
Hill, to Hanoverton.
From Brunswick, by Hinckley, Richfield,Pen-
insula, Boston, and Brandywine Mills, to Hud-
son.
Prom Bryan, by Pulaski, Montpelier, Durbin's
Corners, Spring Lake, North West, Camden,
Michigan, Edinburgh, Reading, and Cambria, to
Hillsdale.
From Bryan, by William's Centre, Parmer's,
Arrowsmith's, and Cicero, to Hicksville.
Prom Bryan, by Pioneer, Bridgewater, Drake's,
Camden Mills, and Stoddart's, to Hillsdale,
Michigan.
From Bryan, by Shaffer's, West Buffalo,
Luke's, and Spring Lake, to Nettie Lake.
From Bucyrus, by Wyandotte, Little San-
dusky, Upper Sandusky,and Crawford, to Carey.
From Bucyrus, by Broken Sword, Poplar, and
Melmore, to Tiffin.
From Bucyrus, by Oceola, Seal, Belle Vernon,
McCutchenville, Berwick, Stoner, Risdon, West
Mill Grove, Montgomery Cross Roads, New
Rochester, and Scotch Ridge, to Perrysburg.
From Bucyrus, by Camp Run, Liberty Corner,
and Tiro, to New Haven.
From Bucyrus, by Oceola, Upper Sandusky,
Big Turtle, and Whartonsburg, to Eagle.
From Bucyrus, by Sulphur Springs, New
Washington, Wellersville, Tiro, De Kalb, Lib-
erty Corners, and Camp Run, to Bucyrus.
From Cadiz, by Archer, New Rumley, Kil-
gore, Hickory, and Algonquin, to Carrollton.
From Cannonsburg to Johnstown.
From Carlisle, by. Black Creek, Marco, Buck
Creek, and Newberry, to Scotland.
From Cambridge, by Nortli Salem, Kimbol-
ton, Bird's Run, Linton Mills, and Plainfield, to
Coshocton.
From Cambridge, by Claysville, Cumberland,
Wharton, Wood Grove, Hiramsburg, Hoskins-
ville, Sharon, Anderson's Store, Bristol, and
Meig's Creek, to McConnellsville.
From Canaansville to North Union.
From Carrollton to Bayard.
Prom Carrollton,by Algonquin,Palermo,New
Hagerstown, Heller's Cross Roads, Tappan,
Deersville, Tippecanoe, West Chester, Milners-
ville, and New Salem, to Cambridge.
From Canal Winchester, by Groveport, to
Lockbourne.
From Carrollton, by Cabello, Augusta, Green
Hill, New Alexander, and North Georgetown, to
Salem.
From Canton, by Pallow, Navarre, Prease's
Store, to Winesburg.
From Carrollton, by Kossuth, Morges, Mag-
nolia, to Zoar, and return by Summerman's,
Scott's Mills, and Kossuth, to Carrollton.
From Canton, by North Industry, Sparta, San-
dyville, Zoar, and Canal Dover, to New Philadel-
phia.
From Canton, by New Berlin, Greentown,
Lake, North Springfield, and Middleburg, to
Akron.
From Canton, by North Industry and Pierce,
to Sandyville.
From Canton, by Barryville, Marlboro', Ma-
honing, Deerfield, Frederick, Milton, Duck Creek,
Hanna's Mills, North Jackson, and Eden, to
Warren.
From Canton,by Lewisville, Barryville, Mount
Union, Damascusville, Salem, Washingtonviile,
Columbiana, East Fairfield, and Palestine, to Dar-
lington, Pennsylvania.
From Chagrin Falls, by Russell, Ford, Bur-
ton, Middlefield, Messopotamia, North Bloom-
field, Greenburg, and Gustavus, to Kinsman's.
From Chardon, by Hampden, East Claridon,
Middlefield, Bundysburg, and Fannington, to
Parkman.
From Chardon, by South Kirtland and Pleasant
Valley, to Euclid.
From Canton, by Middle Branch, New Balti-
more, Cairo, Hartville, Randolph, Rootstown,
Ravenna, Shalersville, Auburn, Newbury, North
Newbury, and Munson, to Chardon.
From Chesterville, by Pulaskieville, Mount
Goliad, Marits, Underwood's, to Marion.
From Chesterville, by Fredericktown, Lever-
ing, and Woodview, to Shauck's.
From Chester, by Bashan and Graham's Sta-
tion, to Great Bend, return by Sterling Bottom.
From Chillicothe, by Yellow Bird and Clarks-
burg, to New Holland.
From Chillicothe, by Gillespieville, Ratcliffs-
■ burgh, Allensville, McArthur's, Prattsville, Bo-
I ten's Mills, Lee, Hebbardsville, Athens, Ames-
j ville, Sharp's Forks, Bartlett, Wesley, Barlow,
' and Harmar, to Marietta.
| From Chillicothe, by Richmondale, Jackson,
! Rocky Hill, Thurman, Rio Grande, Rodney, and
! Gallipolis, to Point Pleasant, Virginia.
From Chillicothe, by Hallsville, Adelphi, South
Ferry, and Gibersonville, to Logan.
From Cincinnati, by Cumminsville, Brown's
Grove, Bevis' Tavern, Dunlap, Ross, Mtllville,
Still well's, Oxford, College Corners, Cottage
Grove, Indiana, Liberty, Brownsville, andSpring-
ersville, to Connersville, Indiana.
From Cincinnati, by the River and Huggins-
port, to Georgetown.
From Cincinnati, by New Richmond, Point
Pleasant, Moscow, Foster, Neville, Chilo, Rural,
Augusta, Kentucky, Higginsport, Ohio, Dover,
Kentucky, and Ripley, Ohio, to Maysville, Ken-
, tucky.
| From Cincinnati, by Hamilton, Rossville,
! Seven Mile, Collinsville, Somerville, Camden,
Eaton, Campbellstown, and Richmond, to New
Castle.
From Cincinnati, by Fulton, Columbia, New-
town, Mount Carmel,Olive Branch, Batavis, Cal-
ifornia, Williamsburg, Clover, Bethel, Hamers-
ville, Georgetown, Russellville, Decatur, and
Eckmansville, to West Union.
Prom Cincinnati, by Milford, Miamisville,
Branch Hill, Loveland, Deerfield Village, Leb-
anon, Morrow, Fort Ancient, Oregon, Waynes-
vilie. Spring Valley, Xenia,and Yellow Springs,
to Springfield.
From Cincinnati, by Walnut Hills, Pleasant
Ridge, Montgomery, Twenty Mile Stand, and
Hopkinsville, to Morrow.
From Cincinnati, by Mount Washington, Wit-
hamsville, Amelia, Bantam, Bethel, Point Isabel,
and Mount Clive, to Felicity.
From Cincinnati, by Cumminsville, Carthage,
Springdale, Fosdick, Winton, Hamilton, Tren-
ton, Middletown, Poast Town, Carlisle Station,
1 Germantown, Miamisburg, Bear Creek, and
I Alexandersville, to Dayton.
; From Cincinnati, by College Hill, Hygeia,
Mount Healthy, Pleasant Run, and Symmes'
j Corner, to Hamilton.
! From Circleville, by Seistsville and Talton, to
! Adelphi.
| From Circleville, by Kingston, Camp Char-
I lotte, Tarlton, Oakland, and Clear Creek, to
, Amanda.
' From Circleville, by Darby ville and Five Points,
to Mount Sterling.
! From Circleville to Lit'hopolis.
I From Cleves, by Oury's, Dry Fork, Preston,
| Tariff, Saint Charles, Rdey, to Oxford.
i From Cleveland, by Royalton, Hinckley,Gran-
! ger, Coddingville, and Sharon, to Wadsworth.
| From Cleveland, by Independence, Bricksville,
Rickfield, and Bath, to Copley.
I From Cleveland to Buffalo, New York,
j From Cleveland to Port Stanley.
