2306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,>
From Hamilton,by Rossville, Darrtown, Morn-
ing Sun, Pair Haven, Seechy Mire,Indiana, and
Boston, to Richmond, Indiana.
From Hamilton, by Rossville, Seven Mile,
Coihnsviile, Somerville, and Camden, to Eaton.
From Hanoverion to .New Garden.
From Hillsboro', by New Petersburg, to Green-
field.
From Homer, by Brandon, to Mount Yernon.
From Humphreysville, by Ridge and New
Princeton, to Warsaw.
From Huntsville, by Roundhead, West New-
ton, Donnell's, Westminster, Lima, AUentown,
Middle River, and Delphos, to'Van Wert.
From Hillsboro', by Russell's Station, Lynch-
burg, Westboro', and Blanchester, to Loveland.
From Inverton, ((ronton,) in Lawrence county,
by Lawrence Furnace, Mount Vernon Furnace,
Olive Furnace, and Washington Furnace, to Oak
Hill, in Jackson county.
From Inverton, (Ironton,) to Galiipolis.
From Jackson, by Oak Hill, Gallia Furnace,
McDamel's, Waterloo, Aid, Simmon'*?, Russell's
Place, and Quaker Bottom, to Guyandotte, Vir-
ginia.
From Jackson, by Mc.Ghee's Store, Keystone,
Ginton, and Ansehn, to Cheshire.
From Jackson, by Green Meadow and Reed's
Mills, to McArthur's.
From Jackson, by Maybee's, Levi, Jackson
Furnace, Bushy Fork, and Sciota, to Ports-,
mouth.
From Jackson, by Berlin Cross Roads, Daw-
kin's Mills, Buckeye Furnace, Wilkesville, Led-
lie's, and Lang&ville, to Rutland.
From Jacksontown, by Thornville, New Salem,
and Pleasantviile, to Lancaster.
From Jacksontown to Newark.
From Jacksonville, by Greenwood, to Lo-
marus.
From Jacksonville, by Brock, North Star,
Cranberry Prairie, Caithagena, and Montezuma,
to Celina.
From Jamestown to JefTersonville.
From Jamestown, by Bowersville and Bloom-
ington, to Wilmington.
From Jersey to Columbia Centre.
From Kaiida, by New Bavaria, Napoleon,
West Barre, Essex, Ohio, Etna, Lyons, and Ba-
ker's Corners, to Adrian, Michigan.
From Kenton to llile.
From Kenton, by Dudley, Marseilles, War-
pole, Bowsherville, to Upper Sandusky.
From Kenton, by Huntersville, Hog Creek,
and Herring, to Lima.
From Kmgsvilie, by Monroe Village, Pierpont,
West Pierpont, Denmark, Richmond Centre,
Leon, Andover, Wiliiamsfield, West Williams-
field, Kinsman'.*, West Salem, and Maysville, to
West Greenville, Pennsylvania.
From Kinsman, by Johnsonville, to Warren.
From Lancaster, by Sugar Grove, Logan, Pat-
tonville, Nelaonville, Chauncey, Athens, Heb-
bardsville, Wood yard, Donnington, Harrison-
ville, Rutland, and Salisbury, to Pomeroy.
From Lavona, by Lena, German Centre, Lock-
port, and Pulaski, to Bryan.
From Lafayette, by Tradersville, to Mechan-
icsburg.
From Lancaster, by Clearportand Middlefork,
to South Perry.
From Lancaster, by DumontsvilJe, Baltimore,
and Millersport, to Hebron.
From Lancaster, by Bremen, Crosanville, As-
bury, Pike, New Lexington, Oakfield, Morgans-
ville, and Malta, to McConnell&viile
From Lancaster, by Carroll, Lockviile, Pick-
erin&ton,Reynol(lsburg, Black Lick, Ovid, Hope,
and Harlem, to Galena.
From Lancaster, by Jefferson, Winchester, and
Waterloo, to Grant Post.
From Lancaster, by Carroll, Canal, Winches-
ter, and Grovesport, to Columbus.
From Lebanon, by Red Lyon and Spring-
borough, to Franklin.
From Leesville, by Sherrodsville and New
Cumberland, to Zoar.
From Lima to Mercer,via Arcadia and Mendon.
From Lima to St. John's.
t From Locust Grove, by Marble Furnace, Gus-
tine, Tranquillity, and Youngsville, to Eckmans-
ville.
From Locust Grove, by Lovett's, Bell, North ]
Uaioatown, and Marshall, to Hillsboro'. !
From Logan, by Straitsville, Pike, New Lex-
ington, Rehoboth, and Buckeye Cottage, to Ful-
tonham.
From London, by Cross Roads, Blooming-
burgh, Washington 0. H., Convenience, and
Frankfort, to Chiliicothe.
From Lowell, by Regnier's Mills, Gardner,
South Olive, and Olive, to Sharon.
From Lynchburg, by Dodsonville, Princeton,
Buford, Sicily, White Oak Valley, and New
Hope, to Georgetown.
From Malta, by Chapel Hill and Sunday Creek
X Roads, to Straitsville.
From Malvern, in Carroll county, to Leesville.
From Mansfield, by Lexington, Belleville, But-
ler, Shaler's Mills, Maple Grove, Fredericktown,
Mount Vernon, Utica, and St. Louisville, to
Newark.
From Mansfield, by Shelby, Plymouth, New-
Haven, Centietown, Havanna, Pontiac, Monroe-
ville and Bloomingville, to Sandusky.
From Marion, by Big Island,Cochranton,Mar-
seilles, Mount Blanchard, Bianchard Bridge, Ash-
ery, to Finley.
From Marion, by Letimberville, Bucyrus,
Chatfield, Attica, Reedtown, and Sherman, to
Bellevue.
From Marion, by Wilson and Rush Creek, to
Richwood.
From Marysville, by New California and Je-
rome, to Dublin.
From Marysville,by Mount Victory, Kenton,
and Mount Washington, to Ftnley.
From Marysville, by Polk's Creek,to Kenton.
From Massillon, by Canal Fulton, Clinton,
Nimisilia, Akron, Cuayahoga Fall, and Stow, to
Hudson.
From Massillon, by Navarre, Bolivar, Zoar,
Canal, Dover, New Philadelphia, Tuscarawas,
Grmdenhutren, Port Washington, Newcomers-
town, White-Eye Plains, and West Lafayette, to
Coshocton
From Marysville, by Allen Centre, Coberley's,
West Middleburgh, East Libertv, Raymond,and
Zanesville, to Bdlefontaine.
From Mayfield to Gates's Mills.
From McArthur's, by Elk Swan, Cassboro',
and Swing, to Logan.
From McConnellsville, by Malta, Pennsville,
Chester Hill, Bartlett, North Union, Decaturvtlle,
and Fillmore, to Little Hockhockmg.
From McConnellsville, by Malta, Pennsville,
Stockport, Brown's Mills, Watertown, Barber,
and Harmer, to Marietta.
From Medina, by Mallett's Creek, Litchfield,
Perifield, Wellmgion, Brighton, East Clarksfield,
Clnrksfield, and Hartland, to Norwalk.
From Middletown, by Le Sourdsviile and
Princeton, to Port Union.
From Milan to Sandusky.
From Miiford, by Mulberry, Goshen, Butlers-
ville, Pleasant Plain, Blanchester, and Westboro',
to New Vienna.
From Miiford, by Belfast, Edenton, and West
Woodviile, to Blanchester.
From Millersburg, by Berlin, Winesburg, and
Deardoff's Mills, to Bolivar.
From Millersburg, by Nashville, to London-
ville.
From Miiford, by Perrm's Mills, Marathon,
Monterey, Fayetteville, Dodsonville, Alienburg,
and Economy, to Hillsboro'.
From Millersburg, by Berlin, Walnut Creek,
and Shanesville, to Canal Dover.
from Millersburg, by Nashville, Greersville,
Brownsville, North Liberty, Shaler's Mills, Pal-
myra, Waterford, and Pulaskiviile, to Mount
Gilead.
From Millersburg, by Oxford, Killbuck, Van
Buren, and Bridge, to Warsaw.
From Millersburg, by Benton, Mount Hope,
Mount Eaton, and West Lebanon, to Massillon.
From Minerva, by New Franklin, Mount
Union, Mahoning, Limaville, and Atwater, to
Ed in burg.
From Morristown, by Olive Hill, Barnesville,
Somerton,and Malaga, to Woodsfield. I
From Morrow, by Rochester, Clarksville, Sligo, !
Wilmington, Wilson's Station, Sabina, Washing- I
ton C. H.,New Holland, Wiihamsport, Circle-!
ville, and Amanda, to Lancaster. j
From Mount Gilead, by Smith's Mills and ;
Whetstone, to Corsica. ;
From Mount Gilead, by Iberia, Gallon, Lees-
ville, West Liberty, De Kalb, Tiro, to Ply-
mouth.
From MountGilead, by Andrew'sandShauk's,
to Lexington.
From Mount Gilead, by Burn's Comers and
Harmony Township, to Sparta.
From Mount Vernon, by Democracy, Jelloway,
Loudon ville, Big Prairie, Wooster, Mad isonburgh,
Old Hickory, Guilford, Medina, Brunswick,
Strongsville, Middleburg, Parma, Brooklyn, and
Ohio City, to Cleveland.
From Mount Vernon, by Gambier, Wolf, Bla-
densburg, New Guilford, West Bedford,Tyrone,
and Roscoe, to Coshocton.
From Newark to Granville.
From Newark, by Thornville, Somerset,Max-
ville, Logan, Plymouth, McArthur, Charleston,
Berlin, Jackson, and Sciotoville, to Portsmouth.
From Newark, by Chatham, Sylvama, Apple-
ton, and Croton, toSunbury.
From Nashport, by Perry ton, Fallsburg, and
Mprtmsburg, to Utica.
From New Brighton, by Darlington, Palestine,
Washingville, Salem, Damascoville, Mount
Union, Barry ville, Canton, Massillon, West
Brookfield, East Greenville, Dalton, Number One,
and East Union, to Wooster.
From Newville, by Hastins and Barnes, to
Mansfield.
From New Hagerstown, by Lamartine, Kil-
gore, Shober's Mills, Amsterdam, and Nebo, to
Moore's Sale Works.
From New Lisbon, by Gavers, McKaig's
Mills, Dunganon, Hasiingsville, and Mechanics-
town, to Carrollton.
From New Lisbon, by East Fairfield, East
Palestine, and Unity, to Enon Valley.
From New London, by Fitch ville, Olena, and
Bronson,to Norwalk.
From New London, by Clarksfield, Wakeman,
Florence, and Furnace, to Vermillion.
From New Market, by Berryviile and Fairfax,
to Youngsv tile.
From New Market, by Fincastle, Ashbridge,
and Pvussellville, to Ripley.
From New Market to Carrollton.
From New Paris, by Concordia, New Madison,
and Fort Jefferson, to Greenville.
From New Paris to New Westville.
From New Philadelphia, by Stone Creek, Ro-
gersville, and Bakersville, to Chili.
From New Portage, by Norton Centre, West-
ern Star, Wads worth, and River Styx, to Medina.
From New Richmond, by New Palestine,
Mount Pisgah, Locust Corner, Batavia, Owen-
ville, Newtonsville, Edenton, West Woodviile,
and Blanchester, to Edwardsville.
From Newton Falls to Milton.
From North Fairfield, by Ripleyville, to Green-
; wich Station.
From Norwalk, by Peru, North Fairfield, and
! Steuben, to New Haven.
j From Oberlin to La Grange.
j From Orange to Youngstown.
J From Oneida Mills to Leesville.
| From Oxford, by Mixerville, Indiana, Spring-
• field, and Whitcomh, to Brookvilie.
i From Painesville, by Hillhouae, Thompson,,
I South Thompson, Montville, and Huntsburg, to
: Middlefield.
! From Painesborough, in Highland county, to
Tranquillity.
; From Pamsville, by North Bloomfield, to West
Greenville, Pennsylvania.
From Piketon, by Gibson, to Flat.
From Paulding to Charloe.
From Piqua, by Lockington, Houston, Wy-
j r.ant, Laramies, Minster, New Bremen, Saint
; Mary's, Kossuth, Deep Cut, Arcadia, Delphos,
I Doylestown, Dog Creek, Murat, Charloe, to
■ Junction.
; From Pittsburg, by Courtneyville, Sewickly-
| ville, Sewickly Bottom, Economy, Baden, Free-
I dom, Beaver, Rochester, New Brighton, Darlmg-
■ ton, Enon Valley, East Palestine, New Water-
ford, Columbiana, Salern, Darnascoville, East
Westville, Alliance, Mount Union, Marlboro',
Maxino, South Rome, Louisville, Canton, Mas-
sillon, North Lawrence, Baugleman, Orrville,
Wooster, Millbrook, Big Praiiie, Plympton,
Shreve, Londonville, Perryville, Lucas, and
Mansfield, to Crestline.
From Perrysburg, by Miltonville and Weston,
to Gilead.
