1448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
year, and such meeting shall bp on the first Monday in De-
cember, unless they shall by law, appoint a different day."
I think the long session of Congress ought
never to last beyond the first of July; and, in my
humble judgment, from seven years' experience
here, there is no necessity for it. I can name to
you a single measure, and one which ought to be
adopted by Congress, which would curtail the
length of the long session at least one third. I
mean the establishment of a board of accounts, to
pass upon private claims. That measure was
presented in the Senate a few years ago, by a dis-
tinguished gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Hun-
ter,] and it was recommended to our considera-
tion. You cannot act upon private claims in so
large a body as this. If you should establish a
board of accounts, you would find no necessity
for a longer session than four or six months at a
time.
I am opposed to a recess of Congress, and still
I do not wish to stay heie during the months of
August and September of this year. The cholera '
prevails all over the country, and is said now to
be in our neighborhood; and I do not think there
is any necessity of our remaining later than the
20th of July, or the 1st of August. By meeting
at eleven o clock daily, we can do all our business
by that time. We can take up the Calendar, and
go through with it from the beginning to'the end,
and pass upon every bill upon it, if members will
meet at an early hour, and content themselves
with making five-minute speeches m explanation
of them. 1 trust the House will not passthebill.
Mr. G1DDIJNGS It appears to me, as I view
this subject, that there can be but one sentiment.
The question is, whether we will sit here in dog-
days or m November. The whole matter resolves
itself into that. At the commencement of our
Government the three winter months afforded
abundant time for the legislation ol' Congress.
We then had five millions, or less, of population.
We now have twenty-three millions; and we all
know that business has increased in proportion
to population.
Now, sir, I would not, as one member of this
body, urge anything which would promote a dis-
regard or inattention to business here; but we
know that, for ten years, we have sat here during
the dog-days at great inconvenience to ourselves,
and with but little advantage lo public business.
By adding one month at the beginning of a
session, you would take olf at least a month at the
close of the fust session of a Congress in the hot
weather, when we do not, and cannot, labor as
we do in cooler weather. Gentlemen will not at-
tend to business during the dog-days. They
have not the eneigy to do it. Their health will
not permit of it. VVe all of us feel disinclined to
labor during the hottest of the summer months.
No w, why not meet on the first Monday in No-
vember instead of December? I can see no rea-
son why it shall not be done. It is a better time
for ourselves, and for our own convenience, as
well as for our constituents. When 1 say " our-
selves," 1 speak of members of Congress gener-
ally; for we ought to legislate as though we were
to be here forever; we ought to do by those who
are to come after us as we would ourselves be
done by. It seems to me there is every consider-
ation in favor of our meeting at that time.
As to the objections of the gentleman over the
way, [Mr. Bakkkdale,] it is very evident that the
elections in'the States can be made to conform to
the time fixed by Congress for our meeting. It
is very easy for them to take the necessary action
to accomplish that end.
I am very happy to say that I most heartily
approve of the bill which is now under consider-
ation. 1 approve of it in every respect in which
I have been able to view it. 1 desire to say that,
as one member of the House, 1 am willing to take
all the responsibility that may attach to it. I re-
peat, sir, that I u ish to throw no responsibility
upon the majority of the House. I am willing
to take my portion of it. I do hope the majority
■will give this to us at an early day, so that it may
apply to the present session, and so that we may
adjourn without the necessity of continuing this
session into the dog-days. I am willing to assume
my portion of the responsibility at once.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I do not pro-
pose to make a speech at this time. I move the
previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to lay the bill upon
the table; and upon that motion I demand theyeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 71, nays 104; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abeicrombie, James U.Allen, Barks-
dale, Mai jy, Benton, Bliss, Bocock, Breckinridge, Bridges,
"Rugg, Ca-kif, Chambeilain, Churcbweli, Clark, Cobb, Col-
quitt, Cox, Oullom, John G. Davis, Dowdeli, Dunham,
Eastman, Eddy, Edmundson, John M. Elliott, Ellison,
English, Etheridge, F.wuig, Goode, Hamilton, Wiley P.
Harris, Haven, Hendricks,Hill, Houston, Johnson, George
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Roland Jones, Kurtz, Letcher,
Lilly, Mattesou, Maxwell, Smith Miller, Murray, Noble,
Orr, Packer, Phelps, Powell, Pratt, Robbins, Ruffin, Sapp,
Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, George
W. Smyth, Alexander Ii. Stephens, Hestor L. Stevens,
David Stuart, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Vail,
Vansant, Wheeler, and Daniel B. Wright—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, Appleton, David
J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Ball, Banks, Belcher, Bell,
Benson, Boyee, Brooks, CaniEibell, Caipenter, Caillthers,
Chandler, Corwin, Crocker, Thomas Davis, De Wilt, Dick,
Dickinson, Disney, Edmauds, Thomas D. Eliot, Everhart,
Farley, Faulkner, Fentou, Flagler, Florence, Fuller, Gid-
dings, Goodrich, Green, Greenwood, Giow, Aaron Harlan,
Andrew J. Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Harrison, Hast
ings, Henn, Hillyer, Hughes, Hunt, Ingersoll, Daniel T.
Jones, Keitt, Kerr, KuHvell, Knox, Lamb, Latham, Lind-
ley, Lindsley, McCulloch, MeMulhn, Mace, Maey, May,
Middleswarlh, John G. Miller, MillfOri, Morgan, Nichols,
Noiton, Cllds, Andrew Oliver, Moidecai Oliver, Parker,
Peek, Peekhain, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Preston,
Prmgle, Puryear, Ready, Reeso, David Ritchie, Thomas
Kitehey, Kusstll, Sabm', Sage, Seward. Shannon, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, Fiederick P. Stanton, Rich-
ard H. Stanton, Straub, John J. Taylor, Thurston, Tracy,
Trout, Upharn, Wade, Walker, Walley, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Tappun Wentworth, and
Zolhcotlei—104.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The question recurred upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. KE1TT. 1 ask the gentleman from Maine
to withdraw the demand for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN. For what purpose does
the gentleman wish it withdrawn; fitr the purpose
of discussion, or to move an amendment?
Mr. KE1TT. 1 wish to move an amendment,
and merely to explain its effect to the House.
Mr. WASHBURN. If the gentleman does
not wish to make a speech, I will withdraw the
demand for the previous question, and allow him
to move his amendment.
Mr. KEITT. I desire, Mr. Speaker, if this
bill is to pass, that it may be amended, and put
in such a shape that it shall not go into operation
until the various State Legislatures shall have an
opportunity to so modify their laws as to provide
for the election at the proper time of members
from such States as would otherwise be disfran-
chised, or be under the necessity of ordering
special elections. In South Carolina the time of
election is fixed at such a day that we should suf-
fer no inconvenience from the proposed change-
members of Congress are elected fourteen months
before their term of service commences.
That, however,is no reason why I should press
this on other States where such is not the case. We
are now m session twelve months of the twenty-
four. I apprehend that we shall be in session here-
al'ier no longer, if we pass this bill fixing the meet-
ing of Congress at the first Monday of October or
the first Monday of November. The only differ-
ence will be that we shall be in session during the
winter instead of the summer months. It will be
practicable for us to do more business then than we
do now. In other woids, we shall be in session
thirteen months instead of twelve, thus enabling
the House to do more business, andat a time more
propitious for its consideration. This is the
reason of my desire for the passage of this bill.
Now. sir, 1 find in the Constitution a provision
requiring Congress to assemble the first Monday
of December of each year; also, a provision au-
thorizing the State Legislatures to fix the time for
the election of membeis of Congress. The vari-
i ous State Legislatures have fixed the time accord-
; ingly; and if you pass this bill, you come in con-
| flict with their laws passed in obedience to the
; requirements of the Constitution of the United
I States. I desire to see the bill so amended as to
! be adapted to the machinery of State legislation.
In order to do so, I move to amend the bill so as
to postpone its operation to the first Monday of
October, or November, which ever may be here-
after adopted, 1856. I now renew the call for the
previous question.
Mr. HILLYER. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the call for the previous question ?
Mr. KEITT. My friend from Maine has it in
charge.
Mr. HILLYER. As I introduced the bill, it
would be but courtesy to allow me a word of re-
ply to the gentleman from South Carolina.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I withdraw
the call, if the gentleman will renew it.
Mr. HILLYER. 1 will renew it. The gen-
tleman from South Carolina moves to amend the
bill by postponing its operation to a day so distant
as not to affect the present Congress. I see no
reason for this postponement; and the arguments
which have been urged by the gentlemen from
Mississippi, Louisiana, and Maryland, in oppo-
sition to the bill, have, on my mind, strong and
powerful force in support of it. The Constitution
of the United States authorizes the President,
when, in his opinion, the public interest may re-
quire, to convene both Houses of Congiess in
extra session. The official term of every mem-
ber expires on the 4th March next. 1 hold, then,
Mr. Speaker, that it is the intention of the Con-
stitution and the policy of the GovernmeSfcthat
members of the next Congress should be elected
prior to the 4th March next. In other words,
that members of Congress should be elected prior
to the day at which their term commences, so that
if an extra session should be required, a Congress,
or rather a House of Representatives, would be
in existence, to assemble on the call of the Pres-
ident. The constitutions of the States of Mary-
land and Mississippi, and the laws of Louisiana,
which require their elections to be held a few days
or weeks prior to the meeting of Congress, and
long after the time at which their official term
commences, are in contravention of the policy of
our Government and the meaning of the Consti-
tution.
Now, it will be perceived that if the bill which
I have introduced should pass, one of its greatand
salutary effects would be to bring the legislation
of the whole country within the meaning of the
Constitution and the policy of our Government.
The States of Maryland, Mississippi, Louisiana,
and I may add Georgia, perhaps, will be required
to alter their laws in relation to the election of
members of Congress. This alteration will be
salutary, and will have the effect, m the event of
the call of an extra session by the President of
the United States, that Congress can assemble at
any time, and every State will be fully represented,
which is not the case under the present legislation
of the different States. The position of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Goode,] that the ten-
dency and effect of tills bill will be to make the
session of Congress perpetual, can be replied to
by the simplest statement. Under the law, as it
now stands, this House, and every subsequent
House, can prolong the first session of each Con-
gress just as long as they choose. That is all that
the House can do under the bill now under con-
sideration. And this is a power, of which, under
the Constitution, the House cannot be deprived;
so that the only effect of this bill will be to add one
month more to the short session; and Ipave the
House with the same power which it now has,
and which, under the Constitution, it must have,
to regulate and determine, by joint resolution, the
length of the first session. This view of the sub-
ject, to my mind, is a conclusive reply to every
objection which has been urged by gentlemen who
have argued in opposition to this bill. I renew
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. JONES of Louisiana. I hope the gentle-
man from Georgia will withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. HILLYER. The day is already so far
advanced that I most respectfully decline to with-
draw it.
Mr. ORR. I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr JONES, of Louisiana. I demand tellers
upon the previous question.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I move that the
House adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That question
has just been taken, and no business has been
done by the House since.
The House was then divided on the demand for
the previous question; and there were—ayes 105,
noes 29.
So the previous question was seconded.
