1450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J une 20,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 90,1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
following titles; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Speaker:
H. R. No. 266. An act for the relief of Cap-
tain E. A. F. Lavalette, of the United States
!Navy; and
H R. No. 178. An act for the relief of Ben-
jamin Rowe.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of "A bill gianting lands
equally to the several States to aid in theconstruc-
tion of railroads and for the support of schools."
The pending motion is to recommit the bill tn the
Committee on Public Lands, on which the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Hamilton] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana, The gentleman
fiom Maryland, in.consequence of the absence of
the author of the bill, [Mr. Bennett,] yields the
floor, that i may submit a motion that its further
consideration be postponed to this day two weeks.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
JUAN M. LUCO AND JOSE L. LUCO.
Mr. HILLYER. I hold in my hands Senate
bill No, 330, being a hill for the relief of JuanM.
Luco and Jose L. Lueo, which has been referred
to rhe Committee on Private Land Claims. Un-
less the bill passes this session of Congress, the
petitioner will lose his right. It is full of merit;
and if any gentleman objects to the passage of the
bill, I pledge myself to withdraw it at any moment.
In order to do justice to the parties interested, and
prevent irretrievable wronfr, [ ask the unanimous
consent of the House that I may be permitted to
report this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Ha3 the morning hour com-
menced ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. OA VIS. I must object, because there are
a thousand bills that ought to receive considera-
tion.
On motion by Mr. WELLS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee oi Claims be discharged
from tlio timber considei.uion of Senate bill No. «3y, "tor
the rebel of' riylveMer Pentlumo,'' ami that the t>aiuu be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judieiaiy.
Mr. COBB. I insist upon the regular order of
business.
FUtJ.ER's SURVEY OF THE OHIO RIVER.
Mr. BALL, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was lead, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Ilaohed, That this Heeietnry of War be requested to
cause to be furnished to thi* I louse, as soon as pi ache able,
a copy oi Fullers survey of the Ohio river, made in 18.r>3,
• at, and in the vicinity of Maueita, to eihei with any re-
}>oi tf, olunates, explanatoiy notes, or oilier paper-, on lite
in lu.s Dcpaitment adapted lo illiterate the same ; also, with
a copy oi any papeif. emanating Ironi flic City Council ot
Marietta having rWorence to the improvement of the Ohio
river Ht that point.
Mr. STEVRNS, of Michigan. 1 demand the
regular oider of business.
Mr. CflAMBERLA IN. I ask the unanimous
consent of tiie Mouse simply to change the refer-
ence of two propositions that have been pending
before the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds. I am mstiucted by that committee to
make the following report:
The Committee on PublicBuildingsund Grounds,
to whom was referred the memorial and bill of
this Mouse for the erection, in the city of Indian-
apolis, in the State of Indiana, a United Slates
circuit court-house, have directed me to report the
eame back to the House, and recommcnd its ref-
erence to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 object.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I have another re-
quest of the same kind to make.
The SPEAKER. This proposition is objected
to also.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Chair by
whom is objection made*
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object; the reg-
ular order of business is the call on committees.
When the committees have been called, then the
gentleman from Indiana can report back the bills,
and give them the right direction. It will take up
less time in this way than asking unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. It will not take one
minute to have them referred as I desire. And I
therefore hope that the gentleman from Tennessee
will withdraw his objection.
The objection was not withdrawn.
MINNESOTA LAND BILL.
The SPEAKER. The business next in order
is the consideration of the following bill:
Bill to aid the Territory of Minnesota in the
construction of a railroad therein.
The SPEAKER. Objection was made to the
second reading of the bill; and on the question
whether the bill be rejected, the previous question
was demanded. The question now is on second-
ing the call for the previous question.
Mr. ORR. And on that 1 call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Cox, were appointed.
The House wasdivided; and thetellersreported
—ayes 75, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be now put;
which was, " Shall the bill be rejected ?"
Mr. STEVENS, of Michigan. On that ques-®
tion 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope that the bill will be
read for information; for if I understand it aright,
it is the same "old bill that was rejected here before.
It is the 
[Cries of " Order !" " Order !"]
Mr. STEVENS. It is not the same old bill.
The SPEAKER. Debate is notinorder. The
bill will be read.
The Clerk read the bill in extenso.
The question was then taken;andit wasdecided
in the negative—yeas 65, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Belcher,
r.oeoek, Boyee, Hridges, Hug*, Carpenter, Caskie, Cha*-
Uuo, Chnsman, Cox, Cmig**, Curtis, Dick, Dickinson,
Edmund-on, John M. Elliott, Ftheridge, Kwmir, Faulkner,
Feuton, Fuller, Uid(iui«,M, (ioode, Ciow, Hamilton, ila^t
irifi.s, Haven, fjill, llillyei, Injjersoll, Daniel T. Jones,
George VV Jones, J Gtancy Jone^, lOitt Kerr, ICnlwell,
Kurt/., Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch, Muhllesvvarih, Million,
Mum ay, Peck, Peck ham. Mi-^hop Perkins, Powell, Purvear,
Ready, D.ivid Kitelne, Rnfhri, Sh.tw, Shower, Skelton,
(.'en it Smith, Samuel A. Smith, John J Taylor, Nathaniel
G. Tavlor, Troui. Van^mt, Witte, and ZollicolF«r—(55.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Apple-
ton, Hall, Bank?,, llarksdale, Rarry, Benson, Bhs^, Breek-
uutdjie, Campbell, Caruthers, Chamberlain, (./handler,
Ohurchwell, Clark, Olmgman, Cobb, Corwtn, Crocker,
John <i. Davis*, Thomas Davi?., De Witt, DowdelJ, Dun-
ham, Eastman, lOdmamN, Thomas I>. Eliot, Kniih^li, Far-
ley, Floien<*<, Goodrich,Greenwood, Sampson W. liarns,
Wiley P. ILuris, il.inison, Hendricks, llemi, Houston,
Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, Roland Jones, Kno\,Lamb, La-
tham, Luidley, MeMullin, Mace, Maey, Matioxou, Mayall,
John G Miller, Snnlh Miller, Motrin. Nichols, Noble,
Norton, Old-*, Mordctai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Parker, Pen-
nington, John Perkins, Phelps, Pratt, Pre>ton, Pnncjle,
Reese, Riddle, Thomas Ritchey, Hu^ell, Salnn, Sapp,
Sewaid, Sntyleton, George W, Smyth, Frederick P. Stan
Inn, Richard II. Stanton, Alexander II. Stephens, Hector
L. Steven-!, John L.Taylor, Thurston, Tracy, Opham,
Walker, Wallcy, Eliihu B. Wa-hburne, Niael Washburn,
Wella, Tapp.in Wentwoith, Wheeler, Daniel 15. Wright,
and Hendriek B. Wright— 9,">.
So the House refused to reject the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Stevens] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JONES. lie had the floor before the yeas
and nays were called, but has not now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides other-
wise; and the gentleman from Michigan is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from Michigan
does not seek the floor.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair recognizes
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jone*..]
Mr. JONES, f now move to refer the hill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. STEVENS, of Michigan. I believe I am
entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair paused to hear
the gentleman, but he did not respond at all, and
he then recognized the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones] who made the motion to commit the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union
Mr. STEVENS, I understood that I had the
floor, but I was taken up for a moment in conver-
sation. I was about to make a motion in reference
to the bill, and 1 hope I have not lost the oppor-
tunity of doing so.
The SPEAKER. The history of the matter
is this: Before the bill was read the second time
the gentleman from Michigan addressed the Chair.
The bill was read a second time,and, without the
gentleman from Michigan again addressing the
Chair, the Chair announced that he was entitled
to the floor. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] addressed the Chair, and claimed that he
was entitled to it, for the reason that the gentle-
man from Michigan addressed the Chair before
the bill was read a second time, and was not enti-
tled to it after it was read. The Chair decided
diffeiently, and that the gentleman from Michigan
was entitled to the floor. The gentleman from
Michigan was engaged in conversation with some
gentlemen, and the Chair twice, he thinks, cer-
tainly once, with great distinctness, and consider-
able 'pause after it, said that the gentleman from
Michigan had the floor. The gentleman did not
respond, and the Chair then recognized the^gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] who made
the motion to commit to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. The Chair
thinks he cannot alter the state of the case.
The gentleman from Michigan is now recog-
nized as having the floor, if he desire.s.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Will the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Ste\ens] yield me the floor
for a moment?
Mr. STEVENS. I will.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I desire to make a
personal explanation.
[Cries of "Oh, no!"]
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object.
Mr. CHURCHWELL I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to allow me to do so.
Mr. BRIDGES and others objected.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. i will state simply
what it is for. The point made upon me yester-
day was, that I had inserted .
[Cries of "Object!" and " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
Chair is bound to enforce the rules.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I hope, at least, gen-
tlemen will hear me state the point, without enter-
ing into its discussion.
[Cries of "Object!"]
Mr. CHUHCH WELL. Gentlemen would not
object if they could hear the circumstances.
Mr. BRIDGES. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
gentleman cannot proceed.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. What gentleman ob-
jects ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Bridges,] and two or thieeothers,
object.
Mr. STEVENS, of Michigan. I now move
the previous question.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. T appeal to the gen-
tleman from Michigan to allow me a moment of
his time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan cannot do that, for the reason that he is not
now upon the floor—h-e having moved the previ-
ous question, which cuts off all debate.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the pievious
question, if the gentleman will renew it.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I will renew it. I
feel compelled to throw myself upon the charity
of the House for one moment. It will be recol-
lected 
Mr. BRIDGES. Is that in order' I object to
the gentleman's proceeding, upon the ground that
the matter he wishes to introduce is irrelevant to
the hill under consideration.
Mr. McMULLIN. Has not the gentleman
from Tennessee the ri«;ht to proceed, the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Stevens] having yielded
him the floor ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan is not entitled to the floor. The gentleman
from Tennessee is, however, entitled to the floor
to speak upon the bill under consideration.
Mr. McMULLIN. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will allow me one moment. I ask the
Speaker whether it is not competent, upon motion
submitted to the House, and acquiesced in by the
House, for the gentleman from Tennessee to pro-
ceed with his personal explanation ?
The SPEAKER. It is not competent, under
