14§2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
on seconding the call for the previous question, I
move that the rules of the House be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CUNGMAN. I rise to a point of order.
I hope that we will have a uniform rule of prac-
tice in transacting the business of the House.
The previous question has been demanded on the
passage of the bill, and, besides, a motion is now
made to go into the Committee of the. Whole on
the state of the Union.* Now, it will be recollected
by the House, that some time ago, when I had
occasion to look up the precedents in this body,
1 made the point to the Speaker, when we were
considering the Nebraska bill, that I had found
decisions of his in the last Congress—with which
he was satisfied—that when the previous question
had been demanded, and when subsequently a
motion was made to go into the Committee of the
Whole, the question on seconding the call for the
previous question would have to be first put, be-
fore the motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole was disposed of. I can turn to these
precedents. The Speaker became satisfied with
them. I hope that a uniform rule of practice will
be established on this point. I do not care what
the rule is, but I do think it ought to be a uniform
one.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
state to the gentleman from North Carolina, that
the temporary occupant of the chair must be gov-
erned by what he is informed have been the de-
cisions of the Speaker; and his information is,
that the Chair has held, that when the previous
question has been called for, and' when, at the
same time, or subsequently, a motion is made to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, the latter question is one of higher
privilege than the former, and takes precedence
of it 
Mr. CLINGMAN, (interrupting.) I can show
decisions the other way.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. And from that
information, the temporary occupant of the chair
decides that the motion of the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Hamilton"] is in order, and must
take precedence of the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. CHANDLER. Before the question is put
on the motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union—which ! suppose
will lead to the consideration of the civil arid diplo-
matic appropriation bill—f ask permission to pre-
sent to this House a report from the Committee on
the Library, in the form of a resolution, which
was referred to that committee for a construction
of the joint resolution of the two Houses touching
books for new members.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By unanimous
consent the gentleman can do so.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, I object. I
want to vote down the motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, in order that we may pass this bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the House will go
into committee now. Let the morning hour have
its own business, and let the other business of the
House have the balance of the time, t will vote
for the bill in the morning hour, but I am unwill-
ing that it should rule out everything else.
Mr. COBii. If the House goes into committee
now, does not the bill go upon the Speaker's
table ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion
of the Chair it does.
Mr. COB15. Very well; I want the friends of
the bill to understand that.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call the gentleman from
Alabama to Older.
The question now being upon the motion that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. HAMILTON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 70, nays 99; as fol-
lows: *
YEAS—Messrs. David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly,
Benton, Bocoek, Boyoe, Bridges, Bugs*, Carpenter, Ca^kie,
Chastairi, Chri-man, Colquitt, Cox, Craige, Curtis, Dick.
Ldmimdsorj. John M. Elliott, Etheridge, Faulkner, Fenton,
Flagler, Fuiiei, Gidding*, Goode, Grow, Hamilton, Aaton
Harlan, Hastings, Haven, Hill, Hillyer, Houston, Irigersoll,
Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J.Glancy Jones, Keitt,
Kerr, Kidwell, Kurtz, Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch, Matte-
son, Middleswarth, Million, Murray, Andrew Oliver, Peck,
Peckhain, Bishop Perkins, Powell, Preston, Pringle, Pur-
year, Ready, David Ritchie, Ruffin, Shaw, Shower, Skel-
tori, Gerrit Smith, George W. Smyth, John J. Taylor, Na-
thaniel G. Taylor, Trout, Vail, Vansant, and Zollicoffer—
70.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis
Allen, Appleton, Banks, Barksdale, Barry, Belcher, Bell,
Benson, Bliss, Breckinridge, Brooks, Campbell, Caruthers,
Chamberlain, Chandler, Clark, Clingman, Cobh, Corwin,
Crocker, Cullom, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, De Witt,
Disney, Dowdell, Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, Edmands,
Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, English, Ewing, Farley, Flor-
ence, Goodrich, Greenwood, Andrew J. Harlan, Sampson
W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Harrison, Hendricks, Henn,
Howe, Hughes, Hum, Johnson, Roland Jones, Knox,
Lamb, Latham, Liridley, Lmdsley, Mace. Macy, Maxwell,
Mayall,John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Morgan, Nichols,
Noble, Norton, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Parker,
Pennington, Phelps, Pratt, Reese, Thomas Ritchey, Rus
sell, Sabin, Sapp, Seward, Singleton, William R. Smith,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander II.
Stephens, Hestor L. Stevens, Straub, David Smart, Thurs
ton, Tracy, Tweed, Walley, Elhhu IJ Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Welts, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, Whee-
ler, and Daniel B. Wright—9SJ.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be now put, being
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. HAVEN demanded the yeas and nays;
and they were ordeied.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 71; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willi4;
Allen, Banks, Bark^lale, Barry, Bell, Benson, Benton,
Bliss, Breckinridge, Campbell, Caruthers, Chamhetlain,
Chandler, Clark, Clingman, Cobb, Corwin, Crocker, John
G. Davis, Thomas Davis, De Witt, Dick, Disney, Dowdell,
Dunham, Eastman, Uddy, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot,
Ellison, Farley, Florence, Goodnch, Greenwood, Andrew
J. Marian, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Harrison,
Hendricks, Henn, Houston, Howe, Hughes,Hunt, Johnson,
Roland Jones, Knox, Lamb, Latham, Lmdley, Lmdsley,
Mace, Macy, Maxwell, Middleswarth, John G. Miller,
Smith Miller, Noble, Norton, Olds, Moidecai Oliver, Orr,
Paiker,Pennington, John Perkins, Phelps, Pnngle, Reese,
Riddle, Tlioma* Riiebey, Russell, Salmi, Sapp, Seward,
Singleton, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick
P. Stanton. Richard II. Stanton, Alexander H, Stephens,
llestur L. Stevens, Straub, David Stuart, John L. Taylor,
Thurston, Tracy, Tweed, Uphatn, Walker, VVal^y, Elhhu
B. Washhurrie, Isiael Washburn, Wells, Tappan Went
worth, We-lbrook, Wheeler, and Daniel B. Wright—99.
NAYS—Messis. Aiken, David J. Bailey, Thomas H.
Bayly, Belcher, Boeoek, Bridge-;, Bugg, Carpenter, (,'nskie,
Cha«t;im, Chrisman, Colquitt, Cox, Craige, Cuius, Dickin-
son, EdmuiKhon, John M. Elliott, Etheridge, Ewing, Faulk-
ner, Fen ton, Flagler, Fuller, Goode, Grow, Hamilton, Anron
Harlan, Hastings, Haven, Hill, Hillyei, Inger&oll, Daniel
T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kerr, Kid-
well, KuiU, Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch, Matteson, May,
Mtlfson, Morgan, Mm ray, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Packer,
Peck, Peckham, Bishop Perkins, Powell, Pratt, Puryear,
Ready, David Ritchie, Kuflin, Shaw, Shower, Skelton,
Gerrit Smith, William Smith, John J ■ Taylor, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Tiout. Vail, Vansant, Witte, and Zollicoffer—7i.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call of the yeas and nays,
Mr. BOYCE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Mayai.i. upon the bill, and that otherwise
he should have voted against it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Michigan. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and also to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The title of the bill was then agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the title was adopted,
and also to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
; table.
| The latter motion was agreed to.
j BOOKS FOR MEMBERS.
1 Mr. CHANDLER. I desire now to offer the
resolution which 1 have made several attempts to
bring before the House; and with a view of hav-
ing settled a question which proposes to prevent
a large expenditure.
The resolution was then read, as follows;
Resolved. That, in adopting the joint resolution from the
Senate, authoiizing the distribution of hooks among the
new members of tlie two Houses of Congress, the House
of Representatives intended that when the publisher of any
•nidi hooks is unable to supply them, the Clerk of the
House shall be at liberty to purchase them of any other
person; end that when such works as have been distrib-
uted to members are not to he readUy obtained, other hooks
of a similar character may he supplied to them: Provided,
That no more shall be paid theretor than has been paid for
the books for which those shall be substituted: Provided
also, That the new edition of the Opinions of the Attorneys
General of the United States, contained in four volumes,
and having an index, be substituted for ihe imperfect edi-
tion heretofore difetributed, provided the cost thereof shall
not exceed fifteen dollars per copy: Jlnd provided also,
That no moie than one copy of any one work shall be fur-
nished for any member.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. CHANDLER. I trust the gentleman will
not object. We cannot get on with the appro-
priation bill without having something of the sort
done. Its passage will save $25,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. The general appropriation
bill certainly has nothing to do with that resolu-
tion.
Mr. CHANDLER. Unless this resolution be
'passed, it is the duty of the Clerk to purchase
immediately one hundred and sixty copies of
Hickey's Constitution for each new member qf
the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will withdraw my objec-
tion .
There being no objection, the resolution was
received.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out the last proviso, which is as
follows:
Provided also, That no more than one copy of any one
work shall be furnished to any member.
I now call upon the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia to explain the necessity of that proviso.
Mr CHANDLER. The gentleman from
Georgia calls upon me to explain that proviso. I
will do it. in the joint resolution which passed
some time since, it was provided that the members
of each House should be furnished with all those
books which had been previously furnished to the
new members by other Congresses. The Senate
decided that the resolution must be so construed
as to give each new member of each House one
hundred and sixty copiesof theConstitution which
nowlies upon your table. Thatconstruction would
involve a cost of $25,000. That part of the reso-
lution seemed to the committee as plain as any
other portion of it, but because it has been con-
strued differently, they have reported this reso-
lution.
Mr. SEWARD. The object which I have in
view in making the motion to strike out this
proviso is, that the new members of this House
may be entitled each to one hundred and sixty
copies of the Constitution, the same number as
is given to Senators. That is the construction
which has been given in the Senate. That is the
construction which has been given it by the
Clerk of the House, and that is the construction
which I think should be given to it. If this pro-
viso should be adopted, the effect would be that
the Senators would get one hundred and sixty
copies each for distribution, and the members of
the House will be denied the same number which
we should be entitled-to by a similar construction.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I would ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether the
old members of this House have ever received
more than one copy of this work ? It has never
been furnished to them for distribution. If the
construction which is provided for in this resolu-
tion be given, each new member will receive one
copy as heretofore. If not, each new member
will receive one hundred and sixty copies.
Mr. SEWARD. In answer to the gentleman,
I have only to say this: If the old members do not
think proper to take care of their rights, and pro-
vide themselves with the same number of copips
under joint resolution that Senators take, it is not
the fault of new members. So far as I am myself
concerned, I propose to take care of my individual
rights, and the rights of my constituents, in the
distribution of copies of the Constitution. Old
members have legislated for themselves heretofore,
and I cannot go back on the record t© correct the
mischief which may have been done. I hope that
the new members here will protect themselves and
get what Senators take.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend by striking
out the following words:
And that when such works as have been distributed to
I members are not to be readily obtained, other book" of sim-
ilar character may he supplied for them : Ptovided, That no
more shall be paid therefor than has been paid for the books
for which those shall be substituted.
The SPEAKER. There is an amendment now
pending to strike out that last proviso. The
Chair will, however, entertain the amendment of
the gentleman.
Mr. LETCHER. It seems to me that this
provision of the resolution ought not to be here,
even if the House determine to adopt the balance.
