742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
very promptly determines that the Government
should do it. He says:
te In the consideration of this question the committee have
found great difficulty in coming to a just conclusion The
inartificial manner in which the treaty of 1835 was drawn,
its ambiguity of terms, the variety of construction placed
upon it, have !«d to great embairassment in arriving at the
real intention of the parties. Nor can much additionalhght
be found m the interpretations which it has since received.
Upon the whole, the committee are of opinion that the
charge should be borne by the United States.
£1 The committee entertain no doubt but that by the strict
construction of the treaty of 1835, the expense of a years
subsistence of the Indians after their removal west was a
proper charge upon the treaty fund. It was so understood
by the Government at the tune; and as such, was enumer-
ated among the expendtimes to be charged to that tund, in
the fifteenth article of the treaty. In the original projet
of a treaty which was furnished to the commissioner em-
powered to treat wiih the Indians, this item was enumer-
ated among the expenditures, investments, and payments,
to be provided for m its several articles, and which made
up the aggregate sum of $5,000,000 to be paid for the Cher-
okee country.
The gentleman says that the Cherokees west
are precluded from receiving anything further;
yet he makes out, m his report, a balance of
$704,000, which he says ought to have been dis-
tributed among all the Cherokees east an<j west,
but in making up that indebtedness he has to go
behind all the treaties; he has avoided the effect
of the supplemental treaty of 1836; he avoids
the treaty of 1846; he avoids the effect of the law
of 1838; he avoids the effect of the settlement
made by the Second Comptroller and the Second
Auditor m 1849; he avoids the force and effect of
the law of 1851, and the receipts of the claimants.
After the Cherokees east have had all the benefits
to be derived from these various treaties and laws,
he goes back to the treaty of 1835, and attempts
to put a construction on it by which those settle-
ments are to be reopened, and a sum of $704,000
more found to be due.
The gentleman says that the reason the Chero-
kees west are not entitled to their slmre of this
$704,000 is, that they are precluded by the tteaty
of J846, while the treaty of 1846 does not preclude
the Cherokees east. Let us look to that point, and
see whether it does or not. Here is what the gen-
tleman relies upon:
"it is expiv^ly ngiocd that nothing m the foiegmng
treaty contained shall he m> construed as in any manner to
take away or nbudge any rights or oI.uiik winch the Chero-
kees now residing in Stall'-. Ccistot the Mississippi l iver had
or may have uudei the treaty of 1835 and the supplement
thereto."
Now I ask this committee, as fair-minded gen-
tlemen—I put it to the gentiemarufrom Pennsyl-
vania himself—what reason was there, whatpio-
priety, what justice would there have been m a
treaty that would exclude one branch of the tribe
from its part of the fund, justly due to the entire
tribe, and admit the other J Can this comnutiec
be induced to believe that the Government of the
United States intended to shut out the Cherokees
west from a fair participation in money that was
actually due them ? No, sir, it was intended to
shut out the whole tribe,because the Government
knew that nothing more was due them, ami that
they had already received three or-four millions
more than had been stipulated intheorigmal treaty
by which they agreed to surrender their pos-
sessions. The tenth article reserving then rights
applies to those Indians who were allowed to ie-
main in the country. Under the treaty of 1835
they were allowed, if they did not choose to go
west, to stay in the States east and become citi-
zens; and, if they did so remain, they were to
have their share of the treaty fund, per capita,
and were also to have their claims and improve-
ments; and, under certain circumstances, to have
preemptions to one hundied and sixty acres of
land. Those are the rights reserved by the tenth
article of the treaty of ltf46. The Government
never intended to give those remaining east an un-
just advantage of those remaining west, and espe-
cially if, in doing so, it should repudiate a debt
which the gentleman says is justly due them. If
it did, the Government would be worse than a
plunderer; if it allowed such advantages, and under
such circumstances, especially when you find that
the true object of the Government was to remove
all of the Cherokees west.
The policy of the Government, and the object of
the treaty, were, that they should all go west. The
Government did not desire that any of them should
remain east. And if it did liot desire them to stay
east, why give them bounties to do so ? Why give
advantages to those who did stay and violate the
policy of the Government? The policy of the |
Government, as 1 have before remaiked, was to ij
remove the Indians west. That was the object of i;
the treaty of 1835, and of the supplemental treaty
of 1836, and of 1846, and of the various laws to
which I have referred. The position and argument
of the gentleman stultify the Government, and im-
ply a charge against it of dishonesty in its settle-
ment with the western Cherokees. It is amistake;
the gentleman's hypothesis is unreasonable, and I
am sure must be founded in error.
They had the right, under the treaty of 1835, to
remain and become citizens, under certain circum-
stances, when they chose to do so. They were en-
titled, if they did remain, to their share of the treaty
fund—their claims and improvements—and they
were entitled to become preemptors to one hundred
and sixty acres of land. Alltheserightsand priv-
ileges were intended to be preserved to the Indians
that remained east. It is true that the Senate struck
out that part of the treaty giving them preemption.
It is equally true that the tenth article of the treaty
of August, 1846, was intended to protectthe rights
of these Indians remaining east—such rights as
were given them under the twelfth article of the
treaty of 1836, and no more. I say this, because
1 cannot suppose that the Government of the United
States would attempt to disfranchise and cast off
the Indians who had gone west, in pursuance of
the treaty as well as the policy and desire of the
Government—that it would exclude them from
their share of money justly due them. The Execu-
tive, as well as the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment, has uniformly put a construction upon
those treaties entirely different from the one the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania now attempts to give
them.
But the gentleman says that the Committee on
Indian Affairs reported favorably last year. I do
not know how far that may be correct, for I have
not looked at their leport. I have not had time
to do so. If the committee did so report, that does
not alter the facts of the case, nor would it give
merit to a claim otherwise destitute of it. I take
the case as it stands upon its own merits, and ex-
amine the facts as I find them in the documents.
There is anotherthmgintimately connected with
this investigation to which i wish for a moment
to advert. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
assumes that the Indians west are precluded by
the treaty of 1846, and by the law of 1851, whilst
the others are not. What is there in the law of
1851 that applies to the Cherokees west, that
does not apply with equal force and effect to those
east ?
Mr. GROW. I will tell the gentleman from
Alabama what the diffei ence is. The whole phra-
seology of the law, and the proviso appended to
it, are to the effect that the Cherokees remaining
in the States are citizens of the States in which
they reside, and they do not belong to the Chero-
kee nation, or form any part of it.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is certainly mistaken. If they wish to
become citizens of the United States, under the
treaty of 1835, they have to comply with certain
prerequisites which are specified m the treaty.
There was a committee appointed, with John
Ross at its head, who were to make a report show-
ing who were entitled to citizenship under the
provisions of the treaty—who were capable of
taking care of themselves and their property. I
have a right to say that no such report was ever '
made, for I have never been able to find it. The
gentleman does not pretend that there is such a 'j
report; hence I have a right to infer thatnone was
made. Then they are not citizens, in the sense of
the treaty, and cannot be until they conform to its ■
requirements; but they area part of the tribe of
Cherokee Indians. They have not complied with
the treaty.
Mr. CHASTAIN. Many of them have. ;j
Mr HOUSTON. Well, Mr. Chairman, I pre- :j
tend to have no personal knowledge on this point, J
and I will not say, otherwise than I have already
stated, that none have complied with the treaty of :
1835. It is possible I may be wrong, but 1 think
not. I speak of the Indians in the way in which
I am satisfied they exist. With a very few ex- ,
ceptions, the Cherokees exist now as a tribe. A j
part of them are separated from the great body of |
the tribe, which went west; vet they are a part of !
it, never having complied with the provisions of ,j
the treaty of 1835, and become citizens of the !
United States, except in a very few cases, of which
I am not advised.
Well, Mr. Chairman, another thing: This
claim, at best, comes in avery questionable shape.
It comes in after the most indulgent action of the
Government towards the Indians; after their de-
mands and claims of all kinds growing out of the
treaty of 1835 had been fully investigated, and the
baiance paid over to them, and with which they
were well satisfied. Not only has there been a
thorough investigation of all claims by the com-
mittee of the Seriate, which was favorably dis-
posed towards them; not only have all these
indulgences been exercised towards them by the
Government of the United States, but their full
receipt and acquittance is now on file (or should
be) m the proper Department against this very
claim.
Mr. CHASTAIN. Will the gentleman from
Alabama permit me to interrupt him?
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly.
Mr. CHASTAIN. I haveinterrupted the gen-
tleman in order to set him right in relation to the
Cherokees residing east. Now I desire to state
that all the Cherokees who are residing east at this
time are recognized by the laws of the States in
which they live as citizens of such States. They
have been recognized as citizens. A number of
them vote. Some of them do not; and pay no at-
tention to these things. In North Carolina, too,
where a large portion of these Cherokees reside,
they have given them a permit to remain on the
lands which they have purchased. In the State
of Georgia, many of them are permitted to come
and vote; and they are, many of them, as respect-
able citizens as any within the State.
Mr. HOUSTON. How many of them are there
in Georgia ?
Mr. CHASTAIN. 1 cannot say how many. I
suppose there are fifty-two or fifty-three in my
district.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Geor-
gia speaks of fifty-two or three Indians; but this
amendment speaks of between two and three thou-
sand. It is competent for the States of Georgia and
Alabama to prescribe the qualifications of their
own voters; this Government does not say who
shall vote. If Georgia sees fit to say that an In-
dian shall vote, it has the right to say so; hence
theCherokees of which he speaks may be entitled
to vote in his State, under and by authority of its
laws, and yet not have complied with the terms
of the treaty of 1835. To enable a Cherokee to
lose his tribal character under that treaty, and
claim the rights conferred by it, he must have com-
plied with its requirements and stipulations.
But 1 will go further. Admit all this to be true,
when we find that in 1851 the Government of the
United States pays every cent that is claimed, and
even pays$96,000, which the Auditorand the Con-
troller reported against theselndians because they
were dissatisfied with that report, and when every-
thing that could be scraped up from 1835 to 1851
was paid, should we, under the circumstances
which surround this claim, without any sufficient
evidence to sustain it, should we vote a further
sum to those Indians ? Now, I ask the gentleman
why he has not consulted the Indian department
on this subject? I ask him why he has not con-
sulted the Government, which has this matter in
its chaige, and which has every inclination to be-
friend the Indian—if I may be allowed to form an
opinion from the facts developed in this case—why
not have allowed us the benefit of the information
which should be on file there? These facts pre-
sent at least a strong prima facie case against the
amendment, and makes a thorough investigation
necessary.
Mr. GROW. Lest there should be a false im-
pression in the committee, I would state to the
gentleman that I have consulted the Indian Depart-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON, Exactly; and where is the
information obtained? It has not been submitted
to this committee. I speak from the documents
furnished by the gentleman, upon which he de-
sires that we should allow this claim. The Indians
have given their receipt and acquiitance in full
against this claim. The Cherokees east have
done so: they received their part of the sum given
in 1851; they claimed, as apart of the tribe under
that law, and have receipted, and I ask the gentle-
man if this is a bar? He refers to this fact as
creating a bar to further claims. He says that
