1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
740
the law of 1851 bars the Cherokees west. Why,
then, does it not bar those east. In its terms it
applies to those east as well as west; it was so
intended; all were spoken of as the Cherokee tribe.
Those east acknowledged they were of the tribe,
by accepting its terms and receiving its benefits.
Mr. GROW. Because they are not a part of
the nation.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not a part of the nation
Did they not receive a part of the $724,000 ap-
propriation in 1851 ? Certainly they di4- That
law appropriated the money for the Cherokees,
and tney so received it, and it is too late for them
to deny their tribal character. I repeat, the appro-
priation was to the nation; they claimed as a part
of the nation, received, and receipted for it. They
are a part of the tribe whenever money is to be dis-
tributed; but when restrictions are to be enforced,
they are citizens of the States. That will not do.
They were treated with in 1846 as of the tribe,
and were so dealt with in the report of 1849. In
the Senate's action 111 1850 they were treated as
of the tribe, and the same in 1851; yet the gentle-
man says they were not restricted by the treaty
of 1846, because they were not of the tribe. It is
very singular that they were not restricted by the
treaty of 1846, or by the law of 1851; yet con-
tinued to receive benefits under both, as a part of
the tribe 
Mr. ORR, (interrupting.) The gentleman labors
under a misapprehension. In the treaty itself
there is an express clause reserving to these Indians
in the east all the rights which they had under the
treaty of 1835.
Mr. HOUSTON. I stated that.
Mr. ORR. In 1835 a treaty was executed
with these Cherokees. A portion of them went
west, and another portion remained in Alabama,
Georgia, and North Carolina. Those who re-
mained lost their character as a tribe, and are now
coming in as individuals, and claiming the rights
which they are entitled to under the treaty of 1835.
The treaty of 1846, which was made with the
emigrant Indians, expressly reserves to those In
dians whatever rights they had under the treaty
of 1835.
Mr. HOUSTON. I read the tenth article of
the treaty of 1846, making the reservation of
which the gentleman from South Carolina speaks,
and commented on it. So I am not laboring under
a mistake as to the facts; I may have drawn erro
neous conclusions from the facts, but I think not.
According to the statement of my friend from
Georgia, [Mr. Chastain,] the Cherokees east be-
came citizens of that State prior to 1846. If they
are citizens now, they were as much citizens then;
and yet this gentleman [Mr. Grow] admits, in his
report, that in 1846 they were considered as apart
of the tribe of Indians. The report itself says,
and the treaty of 1846 also speaks of the different
factions into which the nation had been divided—
making direct reference to those parts of the na-
tion east as well west.
When interrupted by the gentleman from South
Carolina, I was remarking upon the liberality of
the Government to the Cherokee nation. We have
not only paid every demand madeand given when-
ever asked, but we gave them interest upon the
amount of the claim, although the claim was itself
a gratuity from 1838 to 1851, at the rate offive per
cent, per annum.
But there is another item in our dealings with
the Cherokees remaining east worthy of notice,
and I am astonished that my friend from Penn-
sylvania did not say something about it, and that
is,an allowance made them in 1848 of $53 33 for
removal and subsistence, as if they had removed.
Though they never went west, though they have
remained in the States, yet they have received, by
direct appropriation, and amount to cover their
removal and subsistence just as if they had gone
west.
Mr. GROW. Is not the money now m the
Treasury? . .
Mr. HOUSTON. I draw no such nice dis-
tinctions. I grant that the money is now in the
Treasury. It is funded there for their benefit,
and drawing interest, and they continue to receive
the interest annually.
Now, sir, here are these Indians remaining m
the States, in violation of the policy of the Gov-
ernment. They have not only received their full
portion of the #5,000,000 agreed to be given, in
the treaty of 1835, as payment for their lands, but
they have received their full proportion of the
$600,000 appropriated in 1836, their full propor-
tion of the $1,047,000 appropriated in 1838, also
of the $724,000, and over one half million interest
upon it, appropriated in 1851. In addition to this,
tney have received $53 33 each, appropriated to
them for doing what they never did—that is, for
their removal west, and one year's subsistence.
Mr. GROW. I dislike very much to make these
frequent interruptions, but I avm anxious that this
matter should be fully understood by the com-
mittee. This per capita to which the gentleman
alludes was funded to the Cherokees who remain
in the States for their subsistence and removal.
It has never been paid to them. They receive the
interest; but they wiH never receive one cent of
the principal until they remove to their reservation,
when it will be paid to them. I repeat, this sum is
not paid to these Indians; it is set apart for those
who go West. When I spoke of the application
of this act a moment ago, I did it not by way of
criticism, but for the purpose of asking whether
this was the act the gentleman from Alabama re-
ferred to.
Mr. HOUSTON. That was the act I referred
to, and its effect.was precisely what I stated. I
did not mean to be understood as saying that
these Indians have actually received the $53 33.
But I mean to say, that it is set apart for them;
it is funded in the Treasury for them, and the
interest is paid to them annually. They have a
right to the money whenever they decide to go
west; and if they do not go, they will get it in the
end just as certainly as they live; and if they
never go west they will continue to draw the in-
terest for life. It is as an annuity, and in the end
they will get the whole sum.
Mr. Chairman, any gentleman who will look
at the course of the Government, at the liberality
which has characterized its course towards this
tribe of Indians, will agree with me in the view I
have taken of this subject.
Now, sir, I have submitted my views in rela-
tion to this claim as well as I can present them in
the hasty manner in which I have been obliged to
make my examinations. I regret exceedingly that
it did not come up upon its own merits, where it
could have been discussed more at length. I be-
lieve it is wrong. I believe it has no merit in it;
and if it has, it is of such doubtful character that
it should not be allowed without ample discussion.
It ought to be discussed; it ought to come up by
itself, and not as an amendment to an appropria-
tion bill. If it be rejected here, it may yet come
up by itself. If it be rejected I hope the com-
mittee will report it in a separate bill, so that it
may be fully investigated. Let us have an oppor-
tunity of referring to the documents, and to the
Department, for the information which I believe I
can get, if time be afforded me. But, if there be
any justice in this claim, then the Committee on
Indian Affairs ought to have reported in favor of
the Cherokees west. If the Cherokees west are
precluded by the treaty of 1846, if they are pre-
cluded by the law of 1851, the Cherokees eastare
also precluded. What precludes one ought to and
does preclude the other. You cannot draw a dis-
tinction between them, because the last account we
had of them they were treated as the whole tribe
of the Cherokee Indians.
Each man of the Cherokees west is entitled to
as much as each man of the Cherokees east. In-
deed, they merit the care of the Government more,
because those east are in opposition to its policy,
while those west are obedient to its policy. It is
unreasonable to suppose that Congress would tie-
stow a bounty upon Indians who were obstinate
and ungovernable which it withholds from the
more submissive part of the tribe. It is unreason-
able to suppose that the Government will do more
for such Indians than it will do for those who
went west in obedience to its requirements and
policy.
Now, I think that the whole of this case shows
that there has been the most ample legislation in
behalf of the Indians. They have obtained every-
thing they claimed of the Government, and at
"very time they made the claim. But two years
ago there was a provision in the Indian bill by
which they got $724,000, as the final and last
amount due them, according to the report of the
Auditor and Comptroller, sanctioned and indorsed
by a committee of the Senate. There was no
more due them; there was no more claimed by
them. The whole amount, according to the Sen-
ate's report, was paid. That payment was said
to be final and conclusive. The Government re-
quired them to make their receipts, and I under-
stand that their receipts are now on file.
But, Mr. Chairman, we shall never have a final
settlement with the Indians so long as claims are -
hunted up by agents in the manner in which they
have been for years. I do not say that such is the
case with this claim—I donotknow—but we know
that such has been the case with many others. So ,
long as the Indians are disturbed in their peace
and quiet by interested agents, so long as their in- ,
terest is drawn up and presented to them, falsely
in many cases, foV the purpose of getting a claim
before Congress, knowing the sympathy of the
Government and of the. members of Congress
towards the Indian tribes, knowing the indulgence
with which Indian claims are always regarded, so
that we oftentimes appropriate money which ought
not to be appropriated, and which I am persuaded
does not, in every case, go into the pockets of the
Indians; until we can change the present system,
and keep the Indians out of the hands of the sharp-
ers, we will never have peace with the Indians, or
a final and satisfactory settlement with them.
Mr. GROW. I desire to interrupt the gentle-
man from Alabama, so that the claim may not be
prejudiced by any remarks he has made. I have
s?en, and heard, and know, of no person who is
pressing this claim except Mr. Rogers himself,
who was an Eastern Cherokee, and one of the
men who signed the treaty of 1835. He is one of
the party in interest, and is a citizen of a State of
this Union. He is prosecuting his own claim,
and that of those citizens similarly situated. I
have seen and heard of no other.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 know nothingabout that,
and did not speak of this particular claim; but those
of us who have beenjpng in Congress know that
the scenes to which I have referred have been en-
acted andreenacted over and over again in almost
numberless instances. The claim is brought for-
ward , wholly destitute of merit, and the sym pathies
of Congress is appealed to in behalf of the Indian
to secure its allowance, when it is the white man,
and not the Indian, who is,benefited by our mu-
nificence.
Mr. ORR. I desire, before the gentleman from
Alabama takes his seat, to call his attention to
the report of Alfred J. Vaughn, of the Upper
Missouri agency, as to the character^f the Black-
feet Indians, and the country they inhabit. •
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman may read
what he pleases to the committee. I do not know
enough of the subject to make any definite point
upon it.
Mr. ORR. 1 will read a simple paragraph:
" The Blaokfeet are a wild, roving, reckless people, corn-
mining murder, ami stealing everything that talis in their
way. They inhabit hu extensive country lying between
the head waters of the Missouri and the waters of Hud-
son Bay, extending their war expeditions as far south as
the river Platte, and in former years as far as the valley of
the Great Salt Lake. They are friendly with none of the
adjacent tribes, but at war with the^wbole.
" In their war expeditions nothing escapes them. They
murder, and steal, as I before observed, everything falling
in their path."
The debate being now closed, the Clerk pro-
ceeded to read the bill by paragraphs.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest
that, perhaps, the progress of the bill may be ex-,
pedited. From the point where the Clerk is now
reading to nearly the close of the bill all the ap-
propriations, as the Chair is informed, are made
in pursuance of treaty stipulations; and, unless
gentlemen desire to offer amendments, the Chair
would suggest that that portion of the bill should
be passed over by unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think it
would be better to have the bill read.
Mr. ORR. It will do no sort of good. It will
be an unnecessary consumption of time.
Mr. HOUSTON. The appropriations are all
in pursuance of treaty stipulations.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Well, I have no objec-
tion to dispense with the reading.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the reading of the bill will be passed over to those
points at which gentlemen desire to offer amend-
ments.
No objection was made.
Mr. ORR. I offer the following amendment:
For payment to the Chickasaw nation in full of the ex-
