1454
THE CONGRESSIONAL QLOBE.
June 20,
poses to offer his proviso in the event that my
motion is adopted.
Mr. UPHA.M. Yes; and I shall offer it in
case the motion of my friend from Georgia fails,
if it will be m 01 der to do so.
The SPEAKER. It is in oi'der to move to
strike out and insert.
Mr. SEWARD. I will not object to that.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I myself have never
been in favor of the policy of publishing books
by Congress for circulation, either among mem-
bers or their constituents. But, sir, the policy
has long prevailed, and I suppose that this reso-
lution involves a simple construction of a resolu-
tion heretofore adopted. It is true the discussion
has been extended to embrace the general policy
of voting books to members; but the objections
which have been urged to the resolution of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania have been confined
to the ordering of but one copy of this particular
work for distribution by the members.
Now, if 1 understand it, it has long been the
practice to distribute largely many works; for in-
stance, the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and the Patent Office report. Well, sir, what
is the object in ordering large numbers of these
works printed? Undoubtedly it is that mem-
bers may act as trustees for their distribution.
Every member who receives these books is bound
to distribute them among his constituents in the
manner best calculated to promote the object in
furnishing; them to htm. No member has the
right to sell or dispose of them for his own per-
sonal advantage. No member, i am sure, will so
dispose of them.
The Constitution of the United States, it is true,
is nil over the country. It is contained in the
editions of the constitution and laws ot most of
the States. It may be found in many of the
school books. It is found in all the books con-
taining the laws of the country. Rut the gentle-
man from Massachusetts thinks that it is not suffi-
ciently circulated. Well, sir, I concur with him
in the opinion that a proper knowledge of it is
wanting in many portions of the country. I dare
say that he speaks knowingly when he makes the
observation. I have no doubt he has seen a man-
ifest want of it in the State which he so ably irp-
resents upon this floor. We have had a startling
illustration of the utter want of knowledge of the
provisions of this instalment on a recent occasion,
m carrying out the laws of the Federal Govern-
ment, in the fur-famed city of Boston.
I have no doubt the honorable gentleman speaks
from what he has seen, and that the circulation
of the Constitution if? really necessary in that
poition of the country from which he comes. I
have generally voted against the largest number of
theae publications, but 1 am alnmstconstrained, in
this rmitirular instance, to go against the construc-
tion advocated by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, and m favor of that, of the Senate. I do
not know that I will vote in favor of that proposi-
tion, but I shall be strongly inclined to do so. I
hope, sir, that tins question will be brought to
a clone without further discussion.
Mr. SRWA Rl>. I lmvi* only one remark to
make. I am very sorry the gentleman from Vir-
ginia haw thought proper to allude to the want of
the Constitution in Massachusetts. Sir, we need
if m much at the South as anywhere. It is needed
North, South, East, arid West; our whole people
need it. I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. UP [I AM. 1 desire to offer a single senti-
ment in reply to the remarks which have fallen
from the honorable member from Virginia, who
has just taken his seat, bearing upon myself and
upon my State—the venerable, enlightened, and .
illustrious Commonwealth which I have the honor
in part to represent upon this floor. The gentle-
man from Virginia says, if I understood him—my
attention having been.to some degree interrupted—
that the State of Massachusetts needs to have the
Constitution of theUnited States circulated among
its people.
Sir, the Representatives and the faithful and
patriotic citizens of that State intend that the Con-
stitution of the United States shall be kept fresh in
the mtnda of the peor-le of every generation; that
in every school district every child shall grow up
with its principles engraven deeply on his heart.
The people of Massachusetts do not intend that
lapse ot time shall render it necessary to have their
minds remformed in reference to the Constitution.
i: There may be portions of this Confederacy,
j: which took a great part, too, in the formation of
that Constitution, where its original and funda-
mental principles need particularly to be reen-
; forced, and among whose people they need to be
i1 repeated and revived. And, in reference to such
j1 portions of the Confederacy, I would particularly
|! suggest to my honorable friend from Virginia, it
i; surely is of even greater importance that every
i member on this floor should be provided with the
!, means of conveying to his constituency a correct
, knowledge of the Constitution, so that errors
|! which may have grown up, and heresies which
i' may have thriven in the minds of the people they
j! represent, may be corrected and removed; and that
!' they may be brought back to the knowledge of
• j those primitive sentiments and truths in support
|! of which the fathers of Virginia and the fathers of
j1 Massachusetts were united. And if we do our
j' duty, and lecall those who have strayed into
ij error, to the grounds on which the Constitution
'! was established, their sons will again come to-
j gether, and be united in the maintenance of those
u same great first principles.
!' Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am happy, really
| very happy, sir, to agree with the gentleman from
!j Massachusetts in the opinions which he has ex-
;i pressed. In all smcenty, from very slight ac-
'i quaintance with that gentleman, I entertain for
him really a great respect. I speak this now as
con amove. i did not venture to say that the peo-
ple of Massachusetts needed additional informa-
tion on the subjectofthe Constitution. 1 remarked,
it will be remembered, that I supposed it was in
all their school books. But I was very much grat-
ified at the testimony of the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts on this subject, winch was
very much stiengthened by a recent circumstance
which occurred in Boston, from which it would
seem, in fact, that additional information on this
sacred instrument was necessary. I am told that
it is in every common prayer-book.
I admit that Vngnna arid Massachusetts once
united cordially in the construction of this instru-
ment. They moved together harmoniously for a
season, but they soon diverged; different construc-
tion;} prevailed in the two Commonwealths—wise-
ly 1 will not say as to both; for I could not say so;
hut patriotic as to both I am willing to admit.
Still, sir, they have differed; they at present differ;
and I am sure that thegentleman fiom Massachu-
setts will admit that a want of knowledge of the
Constitution—for it is not to be supposed that there
is want of patriotic purpose to observe its provi-
sions—has been strikingly manifested in the great
emporium of New England.
As the gentleman understands the subject well,
and thinks that there ought to be an additional
circulation of the Constitution among his constit-
uents, I bow m submission to his opinion. I
agree with him m opinion, and may perhaps unite
with him when we are called on to vote. I do
not promise, however, to do so.
Mr SEWARD. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be now put.
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the
| yeas and nays, and tellers upon the yeas and nays,
i Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jones, of
| Tennessee, and Perkins, of New York, were
j appointed.
i The House was then divided; and the tellers
! reported only twenty gentlemen voting in the
I affirmative.
j So the yeas and nays were not oidered.
I Mr. STUART, of Michigan. I move that the
' House adjourn.
I The motion was disagreed to.
| Mr. M1LLSON. I wish to anticipate another
j motion to adjourn, and therefore 1 take this op-
! portunity to give notice to the House that on to-
| morrow I shall call their attention to a question
j of privilege connected with the recent violation of
I the order and decorum of the House.
! [Cries of "Good!" "Good!" and "That's
; right!'']
j Mr. GOODE. I ask the Chair whether a divis-
, ion of this question i<j in order?
| The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Phelps oc-
, copying the chair.) Under the rule of the House
' a motion to strike out and insert is not divisible.
J The question now being on the adoption of the
1 amendment,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; ant! Messrs. Wheeler
and Chamberlain were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 90, noes 47.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr LETCHER. I now present to the House
the amendment to which 1 called the attention of
i the House some time ago, and which is on the
1 Clerk's desk.
j The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House has
! sustained the demand for the previous question,
; and ordered the main question to be now put.
; The present occupant of the chair was not pre-
j siding when the amendment of the gentleman from
1 Virginia [Mr Lktcher] was offered; but as he
| is informed, it was not entertained by the Speaker.
I Mr. LETCHER. It was entertained and
I debated for some time; and then the Speaker re-
I marked that he must give priority to the proposi-
' tion of the gentleman from Georgia, which was
I first made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would state one
t fact to the Chair, that exactly the same occurrence
j took piao£ yesterday on the bill of the gentleman
| from Georgia, [Mr. Hillyeii.] There was a mo-
I tion submitted to strike out the day at which the
! session of Congress should commence. Then
i another gentleman moved to amend the prior part
: of the bill, by inserting a provision as to when the
i act should take effect. The previous question was
called, and sustained. The question was then
taken upon theamendment first offered, and which
was to come in at the latter part of the bill. Then
the question was taken upon the amendment last
offered, and which was to come in at the first part
of the bill.
Here the Speaker resumed the chair.
The SPEAKER. When the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Letcher] first submitted his
amendment, as U was to come in at the first or
second proposition in the resolution, the Chair
did indicate to him, at that moment, and for that
reason, that he would entertain it. The Chair
afterwards corrected it, and said—no doubt, cor-
rectly—that the amendment of the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Seward,] having been first
made, the motion of the gentleman from Virginia
was not in order until the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Georgia was disposed of.
Mr. LETCHER. Then the Chair decides now
that the previous question cuts off my amendment?
The SPEAKER. It cuts off all amendments.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I move to reconsider
the vote by which the mam question was ordered,
that we may get back to my amendment.
Mr. KERR. T move to lay the motion of the
gentleman from Virginia upon the table.
Mr. LETCHER. Plow did the gentleman get
the floor to make that motion? [Laughter ]
The SPEAKER. No doubt thegentleman has
the right to the floor, because nobody can make a
speech, and 
M r. LETCHER. Not upon a motion to recon-
sider ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Kerr} moves to lay the motion of
the gentleman from Virginia upon the table.
Neither motion is debatable, and therefore the
gentleman from North Carolina was in order in
making his motion.
Mr. LETCHER. I was upon the floor, and
made the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. But the gentleman could not
retain the floor, because he had no right to debate
his motion.
Mr. LETCHER. No right to debate a motion
to reconsider ?
The SPEAKER. A demand for the previous
question is not debatable. Thequestion of recon-
sidering the main question is not debatable; and
the gentleman from North Carolina was in order
in moving to lay the motion of the gentleman from
Virginia upon the table.
Mr. LETCHER. I have no desire to delay
the action of the House, or to embarrass the
House in any way. I offered the amendment in
good faith, and desire to have a vote upon it. I
hope the Chair will have my amendment read for
the information of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
proposition correctly. The gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Seward] submitted the amend-
ment which has already passed. Afterwards the
