746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. WALSH. I ask to have the amendment
again reported.
The Clerk read the amendment
Messrs. Davis, of Indiana, and Orr were ap-
pointed tellers.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reoorted—ayes 73, noes 46.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk then finished reading the bill.
Mr. ORR. I offer the following amendment,
to come in at the end of the bill:
Sec. 2* Jlnd be it further enacted, That no existing
provisions oflaw prescribing the manner m which payment
shall be made to Indians shall be so construed as to repeal
or contravene the seventeenth section of an act entitled
"An act to regulate trade and intercourse with the Indian
tribes, and to preserve peace on the frontiers," approved
June 30, 1834.
Mr. Chairman, the third sections of the Indian
bills of the last and preceding Congress pro-
vided that payments of annuities and moneys
should in all cases be made directly to the Indians,
per capita. The Department has construed it so
strictly that they cannot even deduct from the
payments the amounts of spoliations which the
Indians may commit, and which they are hound to
pay, under the intercourse act. The amendment
simply gives the construction that was intended.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. ORR. I move that the Committee do now
rise, and report the bill.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole had had under
consideration the state of the Union generally,
and particularly HQuse bill No. 46, entitled " A
bill making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian Department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30,1855,"
and had directed him to report the same back, with
sundry amendments.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
The call for the previous question was seconded;
and the main question was then ordered to be put.
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDAY.
Mr. KEITT. I move that when the House ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays on that motion.
Mr. ELLISON. I ask for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr, Keitt's
niotion; and it was agreed to, there being, upon a
division—ayes 101, noes IB.
Mr. MEACHAM. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and thereupon, at
twenty-five minutes to four o'clock, p. m., the
House adjourned till Monday, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 27, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate calling for
the amount expended for the transportation of
troops, supplies, and munitions for the land and
naval forces in the Pacific; also, for the transpor-
tation of the mails for the last three years; which
was read, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
PETITION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
petition of a committee of the American Medical
Association, praying that a rank may be granted
to the medical officers of the Navy analogous to
that assigned to the medical officers of the Army;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
Thebillfrom the House of Representatives to
authorize the school commissioners of the frac-
tional township No. 1, range No. 10 east, in Ala-
bama, to locate one half section of land for school
purposes, was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Forney, its clerk, an-
nouncing that it had passed a bill making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes,
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1855.
The above-named bill was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
A subsequent message was received from the
House of Representatives, announcing that their
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills
from the Senate:
An act for the relief of George G. Bishop, and
the legal representatives of John Arnold, deceased;
An act to extend the warehousing system by
establishing private bonded warehouses, and for
other purposes;
Which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States was received, by Mr. Webster, his Sec-
retary, announcing that he had approved and
signed the following act and joint resolution:
An act for the relief of settlers on lands reserved
for railroad purposes; and
Joint resolution accepting certain volumes and
medals presented by her Britannic Majesty^ Gov-
ernment to the United States. /
THE DEFICIENCY BILL. V
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I wish to ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate to take up
the deficiency bill in the morning hour. I think
we could very nearly dispose of it in an hour, if
the Senate will permit me to take it up. In that i
way we may get along without interfering with
the business in Executive session. I do not see
any other mode of carrying through the bill which
I ask the Senate to take up without interfering
with some other matters in which the Senate is
much interested.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. President, I want to pre-
sent a memorial this morning.
Mr. HUNTER. I will say to my friend from
Indiana that we have been presenting petitions and
making reports nearly every day since the session
commenced, and this is the first hour we have
asked for the general appropriation bills. The
Government is m want of the money, and I think
it will promote the dispatch of business if the Sen-
ate will take up this bill in the morning hour; but
if we once commence presenting memorials the
morning hour will be consumed.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from "Virginia
moves to pass by all previous orders, for the pur-
pose of taking up the deficiency bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 3854, which had been
reported from the Committee on Finance, with
several amendments.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose it will be scarcely
necessary to read the bill. The amendments may
first be read, and the question taken upon them
seriatim.
The PRESIDENT. The pendingamendments
will be read.
The Secretary read the first amendment.
It proposed to amend the item—
"For extra clerk hire and copying, $2,000"—
by striking out " two" and inserting " four," so
as to increase the appropriation to $4,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment proposed is to insert the
following item:
For contingent expenses of foieign intercourse, $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will suggest
the propriety of reading all the amendments at
once, and then any Senator can except to any one
upon which he desires a separate vote. If any
one be objected to it may be set aside, and the
vote can be taken upon it after the others have
been disposed of. It seems to me that this course
will facilitate the dispatch of business.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that that course
will be a good one.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection
that course will b'e^ttrsued.
There being no objection, the several amend-
ments reported from the Committee on Finance
were read, as follows:
To pay expenses incurred by Edward Cunningham, act-
ing Consul at Shanghai, for a police force for the preserva-
tion of the peace by American citizens, -$572 80.
For rent of surveyor general's office m California, pur-
chase of instruments, records, drawing materials, furniture,
fuel,and pay of messengers, §41,000.
For compensation ot a draughtsman and clerks, for the
office of the surveyor ceneral ot California, .§10,000.
For completing and'keepmg in order the grounds south
of the President's house, $9,770.
For iron flagging in front of the old portion of the Patent
Office building, and altering windows, and private stair-
way, $5,730.
For altering streets and rcpaving in front of the east wing
of the Patent Office buildmsr, iron railing and flagging, and
painting new saloon, $14,250.
For furnishing the rooms of the new wing of the Patent
Office building, with furniture, and providing the saloon
therein, with cases for models, $45,000.
For fulfilling treaties with the Sioux of the Mississippi:
For the third of fifty installments of interest, at the rate of
five per cent, per annum, on $ 1,360,000, stipulated in the
fourth article of the treaty of 23d July, 1851, $68,000;
For the third of fifty installments* of interest, at the rate of
five per cent, per annum, on @112,000, being the amount in
heu of the reservation set apart in the third article of the
treaty of 23d July, 1851, per Senate's amendment thereof.
^5,GOO; '
For the third of fifty installments of interest, at the rate of
five per cent, per annum, on $1,160,000, stipulated in the
fourth article of the treaty of 5th August, 1851, $58,000;
For third of fifty installments of interest, at the rate of five
per cent, per annum, on $69,000, being the amount in heu
of the leservation set apart m the third article ot the treaty of
5th August, 1851, per Senate's amendment thereof, $3,450;
For the actual and necessary expenses incurred by the
provisional government of Oregon in defending the people
of said Territory Irom the attacks and hostilities of the Cay-
use Indians in the yeais 1847 and 1848, aud for such allow-
ances foi the expense of adjuring the claims on that ac-
count as the Secretary of the Treasury inay deem proper,
$75,000. But the said claims and accounts shall be settled
and adjusted at such place and in such manner as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may prescribe; and no claims shall
hereafter be allowed on account of this war which are not
presented within the next fiscal year.
For arrearages of pay for services of volunteers in the
Kentucky regiment called into service in 1*36, $1,000.
For arrearages of pay for services rendered by volunteers
or mihtia, m the Black Hawk war, $1,000.
For clothing for the army, camp, and garrison equipage,
and horse equipments, to supply the place of losses sus-
tained by the wreck of the steamer San Francisco, $26,590.
For the purchase of Spanish and Mexican law books tor
the Library of Congress., $1,700.
The next amendment was in the following item:
" For miscellaneous items $10,000."
The committee proposed to strike out "ten"
and insert "twenty," so as to increase the item to
$20,000.
The committee proposed to add the following
items:
For rent of paper wareroom from the 1st of January to
the 30th of June, 1854, at $-250 per annum, $125.
For cartage ot printing paper from wareioom and office
ot Superintendent of Public Printing to the printing offices,
and labor, from the 1st January to the 30th June, 1854, at
$550 per annum, $275.
The next amendment is an addition to the fol-
lowing item:
" For arrearages incuired prior to the 1st of July, 3853,
for running and marking the boundary line between the
United states and Mexico, under the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo,$50,000." 1
The proposed addition is in the following
words:
And the limitations imposed by the provisions contained
in the act of 15th May, 1850, entitled "An act to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the sei vice of the fis-
cal year ending the 30th of June, 1850," and the act of 3d
March, 1853, entitled " An act making appropnations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1854," be, and the same are
hereby, repealed.
For engraving maps, views, sections, and natural history,
of the survey of the boundary between the United States
and Mexico, $10,000, to be expendedunder thedirection of
the Secretary of the Interior.
That portion of the bill continues in the follow-
ing language:
" For salaries and incidental expenses of the commission
appointed under the act of March 3, 1851, for settling land
claims m California, $37,500."
To which the committee propose to add the
following:
For compensation of Hie judge of first instance in civil
