1456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20.
Vermont, and. New York, and will facilitate the
commerce not only of New England, but of New
York, Canada, Pennsylvania, and the West.
They conclude, Mr. President, by asking Con-
gress to grant to them, or to the State of Massa-
chusetts, in aid of the tunnel, one million acres of
public land, or its equivalent in land scrip, upon
such terms as shall seem to Congress just and
proper. For precedents in this matter they refer
to the liberal grants made by Congress for the
canal around the falls of the Ohio; for the canal
at the Sault Saint Mary; for removing impedi
ments in the Ohio, Wisconsin, and Mississippi
rivers; for the Aroostook and National roads; for
artificial harbors and breakwaters, both on the
lakes and the sea-board. I ask the reference of this
memorial with the accompanying papers, to the
Committee on Public Lands; and I beg leave espe-
cially to commend it to them, as entitled to their
best attention, from the eminent worth of the gen-
tlemen from whom it comes, and from the char-
acter of the enterprise in which they are inter-
ested—an enterprise which, in its very conception,
reflects credit upon our age, and which, if accom-
plished, will constitute an epoch in the achieve-
ments of science.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM STANDIJYG COMMITTEES.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Moren Moore, praying to be allowed the
difference between the pensions paid his father
and mother, and that to which they were entitled,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Pensions; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
leferred the memorial of Rebecca P. Stansbury
and others, children of Thomas Peters, deceased,
praying to be allowed an amount of money equal
to the pension their father and mother would have
been entitled to for the services of the former during
the war of the Revolution, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions; which was
agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS, from the Committee on Indian
A flairs, to whom was referred a report of the Sec-
retary of the Interior,as to the fulfillment, on the
part of the Government, of the stipulations of a
treaty made with the Pottawatomies on the 26th
of October, 1832, naked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom were referred the fol-
lowing bills from the House of Representatives,
reported them back without amendment:
Bill to authorize the President of the United
States to cause to be surveyed the tract of land
in the Territory of Minnesota, belonging to the
halt breeds, or mixed bloods of the Dacotah or
Sioux nation of Indians, and for other purposes;
and
Bill to authorize the Secretary of War to settle
and adjust the expenses of the Rogue River Indian
war.
Mr. JAMES, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, reported a bill to amend the
several acts now in force relating to the Patent
Office; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Oommitteeon Rev-
olutionary Chums, to whom was referred the pe-
tition of the heirs of Stephen Morrell, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill to pay the heirs
of Stephen Morrell, deceased, the amount due
their father for a pension; which was read, and
passed to the second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives for the relief of Henry
Lewis, of Clinton county, Indiana, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims; which was agreed to.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. SEWARD gave notice of his intention to !
ask leave to introduce a bill to regulate navigation |
to the coast of Africa, in vessels owned by citizens {
of the United States, in certain cases. i
IMPROVEMENT OF THE NAV7.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the bill for the
improvement of the naval service, which was yes-
terday ordered to Us third reading, be now taken
up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that bill now open to
amendment?
The PRESIDENT. It is not. It has been
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I must submit a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading. I think
the bill requires some amendment. I think it
requires amendment m various particulars. It
cieates an additional bureau. 1 see no necessity for
that. I am opposed to this provision. Besides,
the bill virtually gives the appointment of officers
ol the Navy to members of Congress, and I doubt
whether we have any right to do that. I know
some such provision crept into one of the appro-
priation bills last year, but it was the first ot the
kind, and 1 believe it was improper. 1 think we
should retrace our steps in that regard.
Nor is that the only particular m which the bill
may need amendment, it certainly requires expla-
nation to my mind. It proposes two retired lists-
one to receive one grade of pay, and the other an-
other—one to wear the naval button, the other to
be refused that privilege. If I understand it, upon
one of them a sort of stigma is to be cast, and that
is to be done at the mere discretion of the Secretary
ot the Navy. Now, sir, I admit the propriety of
one list, and it may be that when I hear the ex-
planation I shall feel the force of the proposition
to have two; but from all I have as yet heard I
am not satisfied that this distinction and discrim-
ination should be made. I think there is danger
that injustice may be done by it. Suffering may
be occasioned, and for that reason I am disposed,
unless I can hear some good reason for it, to
ieduce the two lists to one. I therefore move to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was ordered
to be engrossed.
Mr. MALLORY. I am very glad that my friend
from Virginia has made these remarks, because
they render the explanation which I was prepared
to give, moie pertinent and proper; and I should
dislike to see the bill puss without seeming for
itself, not only his approbation, but that of every
member of the Senate.
The bill comes before this body at so late a
period of the session that it is incumbent on the
committee to explain the Uelay, and to show that
it has not been unmindful of ttie important duties
devolved upon it. A tan early day of the session,
as early as February last, it had a conference
with the corresponding committee of the House,
and with the Secretary of the Navy. The result
of that conference was an agreement upon certain
important principles, and upon many details of a
thorough naval organisation. The Senate had,
at its pievious session, passed a bill for the organ-
ization of the Navy, which hud gone to the House
and was there lost. Expediency, therefore, seemed
to dictate, that on this occasion, the bill should
emanate from the House; and theabieand accom-
plished chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs there [Mr. Bocock] undertook to bring it
forward. Circumstances, however, which I am
notable to explain, but which arose, perhaps, as
much under the rules of the House as from the
pressing character of the business which has so
long and earnestly engrossed its attention, have
deferred the introduction of that bill until within
a day or two; and as yet I have not been able to
get a copy of it.
Under these circumstances your eommitttee,
unwilling to permit the session to close without
an attempt to obtain some legislative action where
so much is manifestly necessary, has deemed it
proper to bring forward this biief bill, embracing
a few provisions, and such only as are deemed of
special moment to the service. They have been
prepared under the eye and with the aid of the
Secretary of the Navy, whoso general concur-
rence in them I feel at liberty to suite. They by
no means embrace all which the service requires;
but I am convinced that much improvement must
be the work of time and detail. Among other
features which the committees of both Houses
regarded as essential, was that of the establish-
ment of the relative rank of the seveial guides of
the service. The committee of the House is in
possession of its details, and I trust they will be
engrafted upon this bill, believing as I do, that they
are generally acceptable, and that they will have
a beneficial influence upon the intercourse, and
consequently, upon the efficiency of the whole
corps. It seems to be no less expedient than just,
that the rights and privileges, no less than the
duties, of every officer should be clearly defined.
Though many important additions might be
made to this bill, the committee did not suppose
that it contained a single provision liable to seri-
ous objection. It aims only at the improvement of
the personnel of the service; and depend upon it, sir,
that if the present state of things is permitted to con-
tinue—while the naval Powers of the Old World
are straining every nerve to attain the highest state
of naval efficiency—we may build and "equip the
finest ships that float, but the time will come when
their guns will but serve to salute the triumphs of
their adversaries. Sir, I will not occupy the time
of the Senate with remarks of my own upon the
policy and national importance of sustaining and
fostering this great branch of the public service;
but it may not be unprofitable to recur to the
counsels which the fathers of the Republic have
solemnly and impressively left us, under circum-
stances which give them peculiar interest. Wash-
ington, in his eighth annual message, m reference
to the Navy, says:
"To an active external commerce, the protection of a
naval force is indispensable. Tina is manifest with r.'gaid
to wars m which a State itself is a party. But, besides Hits,
it is in our own experience that the most sincere neutrality
is not a sufficient guard against the depradauons. of nations
at war. To serine reipect to a neutral fin % requires a nctvol
force, organized and ready to vindicate itfiomin*>ult and
agore&non. This may prevent even the necessity ot going
to war, by discouraging belligerent power? from commuting
such violations of the right* of the neutral party as may
first or la-t leave no other option. Those considerations
invite the United States to look to means, and to set about
the gradual increase of a Navy. Will it not, then, be ad-
visable to begin, without delay, to provide and lay up the
materiala for the building and equipping of ship-* ot-war,
and to proceed in the work by degiees. in propoiuon as our
resources shall render it piaetieabie without mcouveruence,
so that a future war of Europe may not find our commerce
in the same unfortunate state in winch it was found by the
present ?"
General Jackson, in his memorable farewell
address, speaking upon the same subject, says:
11 But no nation, however desirous of peace, can hope
to escape collisions with other Poweis; and the soundest
dictates of policy require that we should place ours'lves
in a condition to assert our rights, if a resort to force
should ever become neces-ary. Our local situation, our
long hue of sea-coast, indented by numerous bays, with
deep rivers opening into the interior, as well as our ex-
tended and still increasing commeice, point to the Navy aa
our natural means of defense. It will, in the end, be found
to be the cheapest and most effectual; and now is the tune,'
in the sea-on of peace, and with an overflowing revenue,
that we can, year after year, add to its strength, without
increasing the biudens ot the people. It is your true pohev.
For your Navy will not only prottet your rich and nourish-
ing commerce in distant seas, but enable you to reach and
annoy the enemy, and will give t > defence Us greatest effi-
ciency by meeting danger at a distance from home. It is
impossible, by any line of fortifications, to guard every
point from attack against a hostile force advancing fiom
ihe ocean and selecting its object, but they are indispensa-
ble to protect elites from bombardment; dock yards and
navy ar-enals tiom destruction; to give shelter to merchant
vessels in time of war, and to single ships or weaker
squadrons when pressed by superior force."
Such, sir, were the views of these illustrious
men; and let us see how the actual condition of
our naval service accords with them.
Naval strength, (or weakness,) from the char-
acter and design of the service, is altogether rela-
tive, and must ever be measured by that of its
probable adversaries; and m determining what the
condition and strength of our service should be,
we have first to ascertain those of the only naval
Powers whose ability to contend with us upon the
sea is unquestioned.
Perhaps the following comparative view may
best illustrate the relative force of our Navy in
]846', (see Sen. Doc. 1ST, 20th Cong., 1st sess.,)
before the three great Powers of Europe had put
in commission many of their ships, which have
since been sent to sea:
Great Britain, for every 100,000 tons of commerce, had
afloat and efficient  5b8 guns.
France had   J u
Russia 2,4b<> "
And the United States had but  9',  
The British Navy has at no period been so for-
midable as at this moment, as will appear from a
glance at Steel's list of the Royal Navy for 3853.
it is stated at 345 eflecttve ships, mounting 13,754
guns, many of them of the heaviest character.
