2316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
Cambridge, Deerfield, Hanchetville, and York, to
Columbus.
From Janesville, by Centre,Magnolia, Albany,
Attica, Exeter, New Glarus, Bern, and Turkey
Grove, to Mineral Point,
Prom Kenosha, by South Bristol and Cypress,
to Antioch, Illinois.
Prom Kenosha, by Marion, Paris, and Brigh-
ton, to Burlington.
Prom Kenosha, by Kossuth, Liberty, Wilmot,
and English Prairie, to Richmond, Illinois.
From Kenosha, by Bristol, Salem, Wheatland,
Geneva, Geneva Bay, Walworth, Sharon, Allen's
Grove, Summerville, and Clinton, to Beloit.
From Lancaster, by Beetown and Charlotte, to
W yalusing.
From La Crosse to Portage.
From La Crosse to Onalaska.
From La Crosse, by Onalaska and Mindora,to
Black River Falls.
From Madison, by Arena, to Prairie du
Chien.
From Madison, by Arlington, Dekorra, and
Oshankuta, to Portage City.
From Madison, by Middleton, PineBlufF, Blue
Mound, Ridgeway, Dodgeville, Mineral Point,
CottHge Inn, Platteville, Benton, Hazle Green,
and Vinegar Hill, Illinois, to Galena.
From Madison, by Cross Plains, Dover, Black
Earth, Arena, Reeville, Helena, and Wyoming,
to Dodgeville.
From Madison, by Beik, Windsor, Leeds,
Lowville, Rocky Run, and Wyocena, to Portage
City.
From Madison, hy Hampden, East Hampden,
Fountain Prairie,Courtland,Paradise Grove, Alto, \
Black Hawk, Metomon, and Brighton, to Osh-
kosh.
From Madison, by Stoner's Prairie, Grand
Spring, Belleville, Exeter, and Monricello, to Mon-
roe.
From Madison, by Lodi and Collamer, to
Baraboo.
From Madison, by Pleasant Branch, Ashton,
Dane, and Roxbury, to Sauk City.
From Madison, by Montello, Dokota, and
Wautoma, to Waupaka Falls.
From Madison, by Verona, Spring Dale, Prim-
rose, Farmer's Grove, Walnut Spring, and Ar-
gyll, to Wiota.
From Madison, by Albany, Spring Grove, and
Rook Grove, to Freeport, Illinois.
From Madison, by Fitchburg, Oregon, Rut-
land, Union, Osborn, and Leyden, to Janesviile.
Fiom Madison, by Lake View, Ancient,
Stoughton, Dunkirk, and Fulton Station, to Mil- !
ton.
From Madison, by Sun Prairie, Eolia, and Co-
lumbus, to Beaver Dmtl
From Manitoowoc to Chilton, in Calumet
county.
From Manitoowoc, by Mpnasha, Wakefield, '
Medina, nnd Greenwood, to Waupaka
From Marinette, by Cedar Fork and Escanaba,
to Carp n\ er.
From Marinette,by Keewenaw, Portage Entry,
Clifton, Eagle River, Eagle Harbor, and North
West Mine, to Fort Wilkms.
From Mineral Point, by Darlington and Avon,
to Shnllsbnrg, in Lafayette county.
From Menasha to Like Shawanno.
From Menasha, by Wakefield, Ellington,
Greenville, and Ilortonville, to Rhawanno.
From Menasha, by Stoekbridge, Lynn, Stan-
tonville, New Halstein,and Elkhart, to Plymouth.
From Menasha, by Waupaka, to Piover, on the j
Wisconsin river. j
From Milton to Janesville. I
From Milwaukee, by Ozaukee, to Sheboygan. !
From Milwaukee, by Butler, Marcy, Lisbon,
Sussex, Merton, Monches, Tolland's Prairie, Ne-
osho, and Hustisford, to Juneau. j
From Milwaukee, by Greenfield, New Berlin, ;
Prospect Hill, Vernon, Mukwanago, East Troy, ;
Troy, Sugar Creek, Millard, Richmond, Johns- i
town, Johnstown Centre, and Rock Prairie, to
Janesville.
From Milwaukee,by Wauwatoso, Ellen Grove,
Brookfield Centre, Brookfield, Forest House,
Waukesha, Genesee, North Prairie Station, Ea-
gle, Palmyra, White Water, Milton, Fulton, and
Stoughton, to Madison.
From Milwaukee, by Good Hope, Mcquon
River, Cedarburg, Grafton, Saekville, Ozaukee,
Cedar Grove, Gibbville, Sheboygan Falls, and
Howard Grove, to Sheboygan.
From Milwaukee, by Root Creek, Muskego
Centre, Big Bend, Caldwell's Prairie, East Troy,
Troy, and Lafayette, to Spring Prairie.
From Milwaukee, by Root Creek, Muskego,
Denoon, Norway, Waterford, Rochester, Bur-
lington, and Lyons, to Geneva,
From Milwaukee, by Granville, Menominee
Falls, Meeker, Schlisingerville, Addison,Theresa,
Lomira, and Byron, to Fond du Lac.
From Milwaukee, by Auburn, to Fond du
Lac.
From Mineral Point, by Elk Grove, Benton,
and New Diggings, to Galena, Illinois.
From Mineral Point, by Willow Springs, Dar-
lington, Viota, Jordan, Monroe, Montezuma,
Spring Grove, Tyler, Illinois, and Burritt, to
Rockford.
From Mineral Point, by Linden, Highland,
Richland Centre, Richland C. H., Reed's Mills,
Vwoqua, Badax C. H , Sprmgville, La Crosse,
Onaloska, Mendono, Albion, Black River Falls,
Jackson C. H., Gage's Mills, Chippewa Falls,
Chippewa C. H., O'Galley Mills, Willow River,
Wise, and Stillwater, to St. Paul, in Minnesota.
From Mineral Point, by Linden, and Mont-
fort, to Highland.
From Mineral Point, by Willow Springs, Dar-
lington, and Gratiot, to Warren, Illinois.
From Montello, by Harrisville, Long Meadow,
and William Sylvester's, to Grand Rapids.
From Montello, by Westfield and Kingsbury
Ferry, to Reed's Landing, on the Mississippi
river.
From Montello, by Dakota and Wautauma,to
Saxeville.
From Monteville, by Galesville and Douglas's
Mills, to Black River Falls.
From Montfort, by Fennimore and Millville,
to Prairie du Chien.
From Monroe, by Sylvester, Brooklyn, Union,
and Cookville, to Dunkirk.
From Namakum, by Black Creek, Neshkorro,
Willow Creek, and Saxeville, to Waupaka, in
Waupaka county.
From Neshkorro, by Willow Creek and Saxe-
ville, to Waupaka.
From New California, by Montfort and High-
land, to Muscoda.
From New Haven to Necedah.
From Ozaukee, by Fredoma, Fillmore, Kewas-
kum, Auburn, and Eden, to Fond du Lac.
From Ozaukee, by Saukville, Newburg, Barton,
West Bend, Aurora, Addison, Herman, and Hor-
lcon, to Juneau.
From Oconomowoc, by Concord, Farmington,
and Johnson's Creek, to Aztalan.
From Oshkosh, hy steamer, to Mukwa.
From Oshkosh, by Buttee des Morts, Win-
chester, Mukwa, and Weyanwego, to Stevens's
Point.
From Oshkosh, by Clairville, Fisk's Corners,
Welaunee,and Rush Lake, toCeresco.
From Oshkosh, by Algoma, Omro, Delhi,
Waukan, Koro, Sacramento, Berlin, Namakun,
Marquette, Kingston, Hock Hill, and Bellefon-
taine, to Poriage City.
From Palmyra, by Oak Hill and Bark River, to
Jefferson.
From Pardeeville, by Montello and Dokota, to
Stephen's Point, in Portage county.
From Patch Grove, by Bunker Hill, Charlotte,
and Milton, to Cassville.
From Patch Grove, by Wyalusing and Clay-
ton, Iowa, to Gartiaville.
From Platteville, by New California, Mifllin,
and Linden, to Mineial Point.
From Platteville, by Rockvale, Potosi, and
Weld's Landing, Iowa, to Dubuque.
From Plover, by Grand Rapids, Eagle Point,
Black River Falls, and Onalaskee, to La Crosse.
From Portage City, by Baraboo and Bluff, to
Sauk City.
From Portage City, by Pardeeville, Marcellon,
Centreville,Randolph Centre, and East Randolph,
to Waushara.
From Portage City, by Wyocena, Rio, Ostego,
Columbus, and Portland, to Waterton.
Fiom Portage City, by Beaver Creek, New
Haven, Grand Marsh, Dell Prairie, Grand Rapids,
Point Buisse, and Plover, to Stevens's Point.
From Portaire City, by Port. Hope, Roslin,
Paekwaukee, Buffalo Lake* Westfield, Adario,
Oasis, Almond, Buena Vista, Lake Sarah, and
Piover, to Stevens's Point.
From Portage City, by Dekorra, Oshaukuta,
Lodi, Berry, and Dover, to Blue Mound.
From Portage City, by Beaver Creek, Crooked
Lake, Buena Vista, and Plover, to Stevens's
Point.
From Potosi, by Rockvale, Lancaster, Fenni-
more, and Wingville, to Muscoda.
From Potosi, by Rockville, EUenboro', Clifton,
and Linden, to Mineral Point
From Prairie du Chien, by Boydstown, Rich-
land Creek, and Richmond, to Muscoda.
From Prairie du Chien, by Patch Grove, Little
Grant, Lancaster, and Ellensboro', to Platteville.
From Prairie du Chien, by Eagle Point Mills
and Boydtown, to Fennimore.
From Prairie du Chien, by Bad Axe, Leon,
Veroqua, Springville, Coon Prairie, Graham's
Mills, and Sparta, to Black River Falls.
From Prairie du Chien, by La Crosse, Lewis'
Mills, Douglass Mills, Eau Gallet's Mills, Rush
River Settlement, Prescott, and Point Douglas, to
St. Paul, Minnesota Territory.
From Prescott,by Hudson, Pineville,and Cran-
dall's Mills, to Falls of St. Croix.
From Princeton, by Montello, Roxo,and Paek-
waukee, to Dellton.
From Princeton, by Dakins's Hotel, Warwick
on Willow Creek, and Saxeville, to Weyauweya,
in Winnebago county.
From Reed's Landing, Monteville, on the Mis-
sissippi River, by Galesville and Douglas Mills,
to Block River Falls.
From Racine, by Caledonia, Whitesville, Ray-
mond, and Franklin, to Hale's Corners.
From Racine, by Mount Pleasant, Ives Grove,
Yorkville, Penn Yan, Rochester, Burlington,
Spring Prairie, Grove, Elkhorn, Delavan, Darien,
Fairfield, and Emerald Grove, to Janesville.
From Racine, by Caledonia, Thompsonville,
South Raymond, and Norway, to Waterford, in
Racine county.
From Racine, by Sylvania, Pleasant Grove,
Union Grove, Trowbridge, Burlington, and Ly-
ons, to Geneva.
From Richland City, by Sextonville, Richland
Centre, Rockbridge, Fancy Creek, and Kickapoo,
to Vinoqua C. H.
From Raymond, by Norway, to Waterford.
From Ridgeway to Primrose.
From Ripon, by Green Lake, to Marquette.
From Ripon, by Sacramento, Poysippi, Little
River, and Weyauweya, to Mukwa, in Waupaka
county.
From Rochester, by Honey Creek and La
Fayette, to Sugar Creek.
From Richland City, by Reed's Mills, Bad Axe,
and West Prairie, to Newport, on the Mississippi
rber.
From Rockton, Illinois, by Spring Grove,
Wisconsin, Hoosier Grove, and Montezuma, to
Monroe.
From Rosendale, by Wheelaunee, Waukau,
and Omro, to Winniconne.*
From Sacramento, by Poysippi, Little River,
and Wayauweya, to Mukwa.
From Sauk City, by Leland's Mill, to Reeds-
burg.
From Sauk City, by Bear's Creek, Sextonville,
and Sand Prairie, to Prairie du Chien.
From Sheboygan, by Meeme, Manitoowoc
Rapids, Manitoowoc, Francis' Creek, Two
Rivers, Michicott, and Cooperstown, to Green
Bay.
From Sheyboygan, by Manitoowoc, Kewannee,
Bailey's Ilarbor, and Sturgeon Bay, to Green
Bay.
From Sheboygan, by Sheboygan Falls, Ply-
mouth, Green Bush, Dotyville, Empire, and Ya-
cheeda, to Fond du Lac.
From Sheboygan, by Sheboygan Falls, Onion
River, Cascade, Beechwood, New Fane, and Au-
burn, to Theresa.
FromShullsburg, by Benton,HazIeGreen,and
Fairplay, to Dubuque.
From Summerset to Crab Orchard.
From Stevens' Point, by Eau Plein and Little
Bull Falls, to Wausau.
From Stoughton, by Albion,Teotsa, and Lima,
to Whitewater.
Prom Watertown, by Emmett, Clyman, Oak
Grove, Juneau, Burnett, and Chester, to Waupun.
From Watertown, by Hubbelville, Portland,
