1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1459
others; who has succeeded by political influence,
or other resorts to which his noble profession
should he a stranger, in passing the best of his
days upon shore; the man, in short, who has be-
come unserviceable from his own unworthy con-
duct, or who never had any merit.
I concede to the Senator from Virginia that
placing an officer upon permanentfurlough would
be a sl/ght; and i maintain that the country should
not place the two classes of men to which I have
thus adverted upon the same level in her public
estimation; and I trust that my friend will recog-
nize the distinction, and the necessity of preserv-
ing it.
The necessity for retiring officers will appear
with much force from an examination of our Naval
Register, where so many of the older officers are
shown to be unemployed on shore, receiving large
pay, while their juniors are performing their ap-
propriate duties afloat upon less pay. A principle
which should never be lost sight of is, that as the
importance, the hazard, and responsibilities of
naval enterprises increase, the chances of obtain-
ing the necessary talent, energy, character, and
ability, should also increase. But our system pro-
duces results the very opposite; and the longer a
man has been in the service, the more do his
chances for such commands increase. I do not
wish to be understood as indicating that inability
to command is the necessary consequence of age;
for I conscientiously believe that we have old post
captains who would adorn any service, and who
are equal to any naval emergency; and that we
have lieutenants who could hardly put a ship in
stays, or conduct her routine of duty twenty-four
houis.
1 regard seniority of rank as the only and the
rightful element in naval promotion; and Heaven
forbid that, under our institutions, I should ever
see this principle surrendered; but, in saying this,
l_say, at the same time, that the Navy should be
rigidly and frequently scrutinized, and that retire-
ment and the Executive's power to furlough and
dismiss must be promptly used, to the end that every
commissioned officer thalt be Juthj competent for all
and every duty which the coxvatnj may devolve upon
him.
The services of Europe promote not alone by
seniority; but family, rank, connection, wealth, or
favoritism, are permitted to have their due influ-
ence; and a youth of small experience not nnfre-
quently commands the veteran officer whose life
has been passed upon the sea m all its perils and
vicissitudes. Suppose we attempt to introduce
"• merit1' as an element of promotion, who is to
judge of merit? Jt must be dependent upon the
judgment of those having the power to promote;
and this judgment, in a Government like ours,
will be too often guided by the character of the
political microscope through which merit may be
scanned. Why, sir, do we not profess to fill our
multitudinous offices by the claims of mei it? A nd
do we not too often see dullness and stupidity,
vice and imbecility, occupying public places ? We
are all meritorious men, sir, quite enough so for
promotion. I am not aware that seniority of rank,
as the sole element of promotion, has ever been
departed from, except in the two instances of De-
catur and Morris; and these, though in reward of
the conspicuous gallantry of the men, have ever
been consideied of doubtful propriety.
Instances of personal gallantry, orconductspe-
cially conspicuous in the face of an enemy or
otherwise, where every member of the corps is
equally ready and anxious to gain a laurel, are
frequently rather the result of accident than of
merit. I would reward an officer who thus ren-
ders himself conspicuous, and such has been the
policy of the Government; but 1 would not pro-
mote him over theheadsof his less fortunate peers,
to whom the chances of war have denied a golden
oppoitumty.
At this time we have sixty-eight captains, the
youngest of whom is fifty-six years of age; ninety-
seven commanders, seventy-four of whom are be-
tween fifty and fifty-five, and the youngest of
and commanders, when promoted to captains,
seventy four years if age.
The second section secure:? an act of justice to
the passed midshipmen by providing a commis-
sion and increased pay. Their present pay, which
was barely sufficient for their support when es-
tablished, is now, under the great increase of all
the expenses of living, wholly inadequate; and
many of them have families to maintain upon it.
Among other means designed to promote the
espi'it du crn-ps and efficiency of the Navy, a pro-
vision is introduced for rewarding naval sea-
men, ordinary seamen, landsmen, and boys with
; extiapay, and the petit officers with extra pay
and a medal, for good conduct; and the Academy
is opened to the naval boy whose conduct and
character may entitle him to the distinction.
I am anxious to conclude these remarks, sir, I
to enable my friend from Alabama, who has the
floor, to proceed; but before doing so, I deem it
but an act of justice to a young officer of the
most distinguished merit, Lieutenant Dahlgren,
to say, that under his zealous and scientific re-
searches and attention,our naval ordnance at this
time is unsurpassed by any in the world; a fact
which gentlemen may satisfy themselves of by a
' visit to his station at this navy-yard.
I 1 desire, sir, to append to these remarks a paper
; which ( will not occupy your time by reading,
! but which is an official explanation, of the correct-
ness of which I feel satisfied, of thee ircu instances
under which the brig Perry sailed from the United
States,the vessel alluded torn the firstdraftof the
Naval Committee's report. It is due to the pres-
ent chief of the Bureau of Ordnance to say that
he was in no wise lesponsible for the circum-
stance, which occurred before he assumed chaise
j of it. The account, as given in the committee's
[ report, was from an officer of the Navy m every
j respect reliable, but whose subsequent account is
! modified by more detailed information.*
j Mr. HUNTER. I hope the bill will bp per-
I mittcd to go over until to-moirow. We cannot
j dispose of it to-day. The hour has arrived at
j which the special order comes up, on which the
■ Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clay] has the floor.
Mr. BADGER. 1 would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Florida, that f think it would be better
to let the question be taken on the motion to le-
consider the vote ordering the bill to be engrossed
for a third reading. I make this suggestion the
more readily because I am a friend of the bill, and
wish it to pass.
Mr. M ALLORY. I have no objection to that,
*The vessel referred to m the paragraph of the
first draught of report of the Naval Committee of
the Senate, as having been sent to sea with thirty-
two pounder guns and forty-two pounder shot,
was the brig Perry, carrying thirty-two pounder
guns and earronades.
This vessel sailed from Norfolk for Chagres in
but I ask my friend from Virginia, whether his
objection to the bill, in view of the explanation I
have given in answer to it, still remains in his
mind ?
Mr. HUNTER. I am not satisfied in regard
to it. I should like to have a chance to make some
motion to amend the bill. I think it requires
amendment.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Noams
in the chair.) The question is on the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. BADGER. Let that motion be agreed to
by unanimous consent.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The further consideration of the bili was then
tostponed until to-morrow.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
stating that the House had passed a bill to change
the day of the annual assembling of Congress.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed sundry enrolled bills.
INDIGENT INSANE BILL VETO.
On the motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill making a
grant of public lands to the several States of ^he
Union for the benefit of the indigent insane per-
sons, which had been returned by the President of
the United States with his objections.
Mr. CLAY addressed the Senate at considerable
length upon the subject of the Presidential veto.
[See Appendix for his speech.]
Mr. TOUCEY. I move that the further con-
sideration of this question be postponed until to-
morrow.
Mr. STUART. I hope we shall go on to-day
with this bill. If we are ever to dispose of this
question we ought to spend more than an hour a
day upon it.
Mr. HUNTER. It has been postponed for
other gentlemen. The Senator from Connecticut
[Mr. Toucey] desires to speak on it to-morrow,
and I hope it will be postponed for him.
Mr. BELL. 1 hope this bill will be post-
poned. We are every day discussing, while it is
under consideration, principles which relate to
other bills behind this, as, for example, the ^home-
stead bill. I take it that whatever discussion is
had now upon points involved in this question
will apply to that; so that, in fact, by continuing
this subject wearenotmnteriallyposfponing other
measures. I trust the Senate wili a^ree to the
motion of the honorable Senator from Connecti-
cut, and give him time to speak to-morrow.
Mr. STUART. I do not make objection he-
cause T wish to interfere with the courtesy due to
a Senator. I simply wish to have this question
proceeded with to-day. If the Senator from Con-
May, 184fi, (when Mr. Bancroft was Secretary H neoticut is not ready to go on with his remarks
" •' ' ~ 1 * ~ ' - 1 now, some other gentleman undoubtedly is. {
of the Navy, and Commodore A. S. Wadsworth
chief of the Bureau of Ordnance,) with a bearer of
dispatches communicating to the squadron m the
Pacific the existence of war with Mexico. She
was fitted out under an order from the Navy
Department to be ready to sail the day after the
receipt of the order; and, in compliance with that
older, did receive on board all her shot, powder,
provisions, and other stores, and hauled into the
stream the day after its receipt. She, however,
received on board two thirty-two pounder carron-
ades the day after. Immediately after getting to
sea, all her guns were loaded, and in doing this
a very few shot were found rather too large; but
this fact was not considered sufficiently important
to require any general examination of the shot, or
any official report, and no difficulty occurred with
the shot at any other time during the cruise.
After landing the bearer of dispatches atChagres,
the Perry visited Port Royal, in Jamaica, for
the purpose of filling up her water before joining
our squadron off Vera Cruz, and not with any
. reference whatever to the condition of her shot,
whom is forty-six; three hundred and twenty- / During her stay there, the commander of the
seven lieutenants, from thirty to fifty; one hun- jj Perry availed himself of the offers liberally made,
dred and ninety-eight passed midshipmen, from || to obtain a small number of additional shot to meet j
twenty-one to thirty-seven years of age; and after '
carefully examining the rates of promotion in the ,
several grades, and the average age of officers, we j
find that, under the present system, lieutenants, I
when promoted to commanders, will be fifty-three, 1
any possible wants
These appear to be all the material facts con- ;
nected with this subject, and are derived from the (
files of the Department, the log of the Perry, and ;
the recollections of the commander. !
submit, too, that the question ought to be disposed
of. It consumes the whole time of the Senate. We
hear a speech of half an hour, or three quarters
of an hour, or an hour upon it, and then adjourn
from day to day. There other business before
the Senate that ought to be disposed of. and in
order to reach it we should get rid of this.
Mr. TOUCEY. If any other gentleman de-
sires to address the Senate now, I will yield.
Mr. CASS, ft is rarely that the Senator from
Connecticut makes known his sentiments to the
Senate, and still more rarely that he asks a cour-
tesy. I for one am not only willing but anxious,
that he should have an opportunity of presenting
his views upon this question, whilst at the same
time I am as desirous as my colleague to bring
the discussion to an end. If any Senator is ready
to go on now, 1 trust he will be permitted to do
so; but if not I hope we shall accedeto the propo-
sition of the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. TOUCEY. If there is an indisposition on
the part of any gentleman in the Senate to have
the subject postponed, I will proceed to-day, and
say now to the Senate what I wish to say.
Several Senators. I hope not.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the subject will be
postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. TOUCEY. I will not be involved in any
question with any gentleman with regard to the
propriety of postponing any business before the
