1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
749
in as much more money, expending it during the
recess, and asking us now to come in and cover it
up. While these may be original propositions,
and, as such, proper enough, (for we have entire
jurisdiction over them,) yet it is not pretended that
there aie not some provisions in this bill to cover
up moneys already expended, already subtracted
from the Treasury, and which the Government
would have us believe we are bound to appropri-
ate and make good.
1 hold, that it is as palpable a violation of the
Constitution for any Department of this Gov-
ernment to. make a contract for the purchase of
property, or the erection of a building, or other-
wise to involve the Government, which shall re-
quire an after appropriation here, as it is to take
the money directly out of the Treasury, and con-
summate the contract at once, and ask us to cover
it up afterwards.
Sir, it will be said that we are not obliged to
vote the money; that one of our secretaries may
buy a site for a custom-house, and go on with the
work, and if you please, spend millions of money,
and say he had made a contract stipulating that,
if Congress would appropriate the money, it
should be all right. Every one knows in what
condition we are placed when we come here and
find such a contract before us. Those who have
claims upon us besiege us to death, and they say,
we are in honor bound, we are in duty bound to
pay; that the work has been performed, and the
material furnished, the deeds for the land given,
and that we cannot shrink from the responsibility
of making the appropriation.
This system is wrong from beginningto end.
When and where did it arise? It arose with ex-
travagant Administrations; those who wished to
hold out a fair exterior to the public, and dared
not say how much money their own interests and
exigencies demanded, because it counted up in
large sums. Sir, I never was afraid, and I never
shall be afraid, to say tothepeople, " Youcannot
get the advantages, the blessings, and the protec-
tion of this great Government without taxing
yourselves, and freely spending your money." It
is the better policy always to go at once to the
people, and say, " It is necessary to expend so
much money; this Government operates as an in-
surance company to you; it protects your persons
and property from harm; protects your reputation,
your national character, your honor, and every-
thing which is dear to you as a people, and you
must pay the premium note." Say what it is at
once; deal fairly with the people; let there be no
hiding, no concealment; let there be no saying,
"We will administer your Government for so
many millions of money," and then, before the
end of the year, fasten upon them the means by
which they will have to cover up the difference
ten times over.
i am opposed, on principle, to all these defici-
ency bills; and I repeat, that if I vote for this it
will be the last one for which I shall vote, whether
I sit here for a longer or a shorter period.
Mr. HCJNTER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Indiana will find, ifhe will examine this bill,
that its appropriations are mainly, not for money
which has been expended without authority of
law, but to meet propositions from the Depart-
ments to be allowed to expend more money than
they were allowed to expend underformerappro-
pnations. For instance, there is a case of this sort:
There is an appropriation of §1,000 for expendi-
tures in the Black Hawk war. There was an
appropriation for the purpose before, but it has
passed to the surplus fund. Since that time claims
have come in which are believed to be good, hut
the proper Department could not pay them, be-
cause there was no appropriation applicable to the
purpose. It asks now to be allowed to pay them,
and we accordingly propose to give the authority
to do so. There is no violation of law on the
part of the Department. This claim must be pro-
vided for in some way; and how is it to be pro-
vided for? Why, in a deficiency bill. Then
there is an appropriation to pay the expenses of
the Caytfse war in Oregon.
Mr. PETTIT. 1 will say to the Senator, that
there are, no dmibt, a number of appropriations
which are original and proper appropriations, but
the greater pot tion of this bill is to cover up money
which has already been used from the Treasury.
I ask the Senator if that is not so ?
Mr. HUNTER. I think not. The Senator
will find, ifhe will examine it, that there are very
few cases in which any money has been expended,
for which we are asked to make appropriation
here. There have been obligations incurred in
some cases; for instance, the exploration of the
route across the unknown country between the
Mississippi and the Pacific in the high northern
regions, turned out to be more expensive than
Governor Stevens supposed. After he got involved
in that country, the necessity of the case required
him to expend something more than he had, or to
incur liabilities to a greater amount than the exist-
ing appropriation would authorize. There may
be a case of that sort here and there, but it will
be found that there are few such cases m this bill,
and where they occur, they are generally for small
amounts, and in regard to expenses which could
not have been readily foreseen. These are defi-
ciencies which must occur under any and every
Administration. There is no amount of foresight
or experience which will enable an Administra-
tion to prevent the occurrence of such cases. I
shall be told, perhaps, that they ought to estimate
to meet all these contingencies. If they did, and
we were to make theappropnationsaccordingly, it
woujd swell the general appropriation bills to inor-
dinate bounds, .it is far better, in order that we
may keep some sort of proportion between the
appropriations and what we believe to be legiti-
mate expenses, that we should only appropriate
as the necessity for expenditure is proved to exist.
Now, sir, when we are making appropriations
for the next fiscal year, can we perceive all the
exigencies which will arise, or the calls which may
exist for public money, m order to meet the wants
of the public service? We cannot. We appro-
priate for all which will probably arise; all that
we can foresee. In the progress of the next fiscal
year it frequently turns out that if a little more
had been appropriated to one head we could have
performed some important public service, and that
there will be a saving of money, as well as a gen-
eral advantage to the Government, to appropriate
it in a deficiency bill to the service of that year,
instead of waiting for another year, and postpon-
ing the public work and the public service, what-
ever may be its character, until that succeeding
year. In such a case, a deficiency bill is entirely
proper.
Well now, sir, I think, if the Senator will look
into the history of our past legislation, he will
find that there has scarcely been a year for the last
forty when there have not been two appropriation
bills passed at every session. It is true we have
had different names for them. Before the altera-
tion of the fiscal year, which 1 think occurred some
ten years ago, changing its commencement from
January to July, one bill was passed very early,
called a temporary bill, to meet the temporary
emergencies; but then there was a general bill
passed afterwards. When we changed the fiscal
year, throwing the appropriations so far ahead, we
had two bills. The first was the general bill pro-
viding for all the probabilities that we saw in ex-
istence. The next we called a deficiency bill,
which was to provide for contingencies which had
not been foreseen, but had been developed m the
course of the fiscal year.
X do not believe there is a single case in this bill,
if there is I do not now recollect it, in which we
propose to appropriate money to carry out con-
tracts which have been made beyond authority
given by law. All the appropriations, with some
very few exceptions, are to meet contingencies
which were not foreseen, and which have arisen
in the course of the progress of this fiscal year;
and being so, it seems to me that it is legitimate
and proper to make appropriations for them.
So much for the general objections to any de-
ficiency bill. I come now to the objection which
has been suggested by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Walklii] to this amendment of the com-
mittee. He seems to think that this is a provision
to meet the wants of California. It is a provision,
as 1 understand it, to protect the Government
against what we believe to be improper demands
on the part of the State of California. It is a pro-
vision designed to place the Government in a po-
sition in which it can make provision for its public
officers, without being forced to pay the sum which
we believe to be unjustly demanded by the Sore
of California to obtain a perfect title to this lot.
In order that we may make provision, without
yielding in this point, in regard to which we are
not willing to yield, we propose to allow the Sec-
retary to buy a site elsewhere; that is the whole
proposition. But the Senator wants to know how
it is that this money was expended upon this lot
with an uncertain title. It was not expended
until the foimer Attorney General had given an
opinion pronouncing the title, in his estimation, to
be good; but after the work was commenced it
was suggested that there were doubts upon it; and
I believe the present Attorney General thought
there was so much doubt in regard to it as to
make it proper and politic to withhold any further
expenditure of money upon that lot. The diffi£
culty in the case arises out -of a decision made in
Alabama, that lands reclaimed from the sea or
from rivers, which had been covered by water,
belong to the State; and it is under that decision,
I believe, that the State of California claims this
lot. Whether the claim be rightful or not 1 do
not now pretend to say. I believe the weight >of
opinion is against her; but still it is thought that
the title is sufficiently doubtful to make it im-
proper and impolitic to go on with further expend-
itures upon it until the matter is settled. That
is the whole case.
So far as economy is concerned, it was thought
better to go on with the completion of this build-
ing, than to be paying the enormous rents which
the Government is now paying in that city, from
#130,000 to $140,000 per year. It was believed
that this case differed from the Others, because the
appropriation was not merely designed to hasten
a public work which was necessary for the public
service, but it was designed to protect the United
States against improper demands, to save the
Government from losses which may occur if we
go on building on this lot, which we shall perhaps
be required to do, under the existing state of the
law, or else have to pay damages to the contractors.
In regard to the custom-house m Maine, I do
not stand here to dispute the propriety or neces-
sity of some appropriation at the proper time for
such purpose, but it seems to me to stand on dif-
ferent grounds from this. It stands on the same
grounds with many other demands for custom-
houses. I oppose it, because I know that ifweagree
to this we shall have to agree to others; and if
this amendment, which the Committee on Finance
has repotted, should be amended by adding any
other custom-house, 1 shall feel constrained to vote
against it. I shall vote against it because I be-
lieve, from what has already happened, that it
would endanger the bill itself, when it goes back
to the House of Representatives. We all know-
that the very fact of adding these custom-house
appropriations did once defeat the deficiency bill,
and it was only passed by separating it from con-
siderations connected with these public edifices.
That was the only mode by which it could be
passed. Now, I am not willing to add that ob-
noxious matter, and force it upon the House,
whether it be reasonable or unreasonable in the
House originally to have entertained such objec-
tions.
I desire to provide for the wants of the Govern-
ment. I desire to provide for them quickly, because
otherwise the deficiency bill will be useless unless
we can pass it in time to meet the wants of the
Government in the present fiscal year; and for
that purpose I am disposed to put aside all con-
troverted matters. I cannot demonstrate perhaps
to the satisfaction of the Senator from Maine*
(Mr. Fessfjcden,] with positive certainty and ab-
solute precision, that the addition of thesecustom-
house appropriations to this bill will destroy it in
the House of Representatives. That is a matter
ofjudgment and of opinion. I ha*e inquired from
those who seem best acquainted with the temper
and disposition of the House, and such is their
opinion. And in deference to that opinion 1 have
determined, so far as I can, to keep off these ap-
propriations from this bill. I may be mistaken,
but I do not think I am*. I believe that if we add
this, there are others which we shall be called
upon to add for reasons equally good; and if we
do attach to the bill appropriations for custom-
houses, I feel very sure that weshall lose it in the
, House.
; Mr. SHIELDS. Will the honorable Senator
' permit me to ask him what is the whole amount
i appropriated hv this bill ?
i JVIr. HUNTER, h is a little over two millions,
I if we putm all that the committee of the Senate
I propose, in addition to what was appropriated by
