1460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
Senate. I regret, sir, that it has fallen to my lot
to address the Senate at so late a period in this
debate, and at so late an hour in the day; but 1
have to perform a duty—one that I regard as an
urgent duty, and which I cannot permit myself to
forego 
Mr. MASON. I submit to the honorable Sen-
ator that he had better not proceed now. It is
against the usage of the Senate, and; that usage
ought to be preserved. There is now an abund-
ance of other subjects before the Senate that can
be brought up. 1 move to postpose the further
consideration of this bill until to-morrow.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, this is a very
fit occasion to make a few observations in relation
to the manner in which we dispose of the public
time. The Senate of the United States is not a
debating body, as we all know. Now, it seems
we are to have the usage of the Senate established
as the custom ofthe country. Whatis that usage?
A separate day is taken for every gentleman in the
Senate, who chooses to do so, to deliver his views
upon a subject. When one is done, another rises
and makes a. motion to postpone the further con-
sideration of the pending subject, and some other
gentleman says, " I hope the subject will be post-
poned till to-morrow;" and so it goes on. Sir, 1
intend to vote for this postponement, because I
think it would be unkind to my friend from Con-
necticut, under the circumstances, not to do so;
but I fear we shall go on in this way, and we
shall never hear any discussion on any single point,
but shall have presented to us general views upon
the Constitution of the country; and when the
people read the whole of the arguments connected
with the discussion of any question, they can come
to tlo conclusion, for it will take them hours to
read two speeches, between which there is scarcely
any conflict. They are presented in such a man-
ner that it is very difficult for the people to ascer-
tain the points of difference between us. But if
we had a running debate, the case would be dif-
ferent. Then a Senator, with the powerful mind
of the Senator from Connecticut, could rise up at
once and reply or add to the speech of the Senator
from Alabama as he chose. The public mind
would see what we were at; as soon as he got
through, gentlemen anxious to meet him, on the
points he wished to present to the country, would
rise and go on. That is not the case now. As
things are now conducted, speeches here are
essays. 1 have had something like eighty essays
upon the Nebraska and Kansas bill laid on my
table. J can hardly find discussion between any
two members of the House of Representatives, or
the Senate, upon a single point involved in it. 1
have had to read through a number of pages to
ascertain the character ofthe speeches, and 1 found
they covered the whole subject of power over the
Territories, the Constitution of the United States,
and the nature of the Government generally.
Now, sir, for one, I know I have not the capa-
city to write these long speeches, and make these
constitutional arguments, and quote from every
speech delivered from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment to the present time. I want to be taught.
I wish to see the Senate act from principle, and
discuss the questions before them. 1 want, to pre-
vent, if I possibly can, this body being turned
into a mere machine by which periodicals are to
go out to the country. I know of six gentlemen,
I think, who desire to express their views upon
this subject. Each one of them will consider
himself as not having occupied as full a share of
the attention of the body, anil an profound a po-
sition as others, if you do not <;ive him a day.
How many more may spring up t do not know.
Then, when will you end the debate > Now, we
are in the 30th day of the month of June, and we
have passed, as yet very few bills of importance.
What is the reason 5 It is because of the kind of
discussion into which we have fallen. When we
have heard a speech, a motion is instantly made
to adjourn, or to postpone-, and we have a very
good way of getting out, of the responsibility of
an adjournment before the country, by moving to j
*nt0 ari Executive session, and then closing i
the doors, and very soon going out of Executive
session into the Avenue. ;
I make these observations with no purpose in j
the world to complain, but merely for the purpose
of bringing ourselves to the true grounds which I
we occupy, and whirh the country should under- j
•tand. All the fault grows out of the fact that I
i we do not debate the questions which are before
; us, but write essays upon them.
Mr. MASON. I will suggest to the Senator
from Georgia, that there is a very attractive sub-
ject which is lying upon our tables, one upon
which I am sure there will be a running debate
and a running debate only. It is the interesting
question as to when we shall meet hereafter. We
received a short time ago a bill from the House of
Representatives relating to that subject, and we
have a bill of our own of a similar nature. I
will therefore, with his permission, if the Senate
will pass over the present subject, call up that
bill, and we can have a running debate on it.
Mr. DAWSON. Very well; let us have a run-
ning debate.
Mr. RUSK. I think, Mr. President, that it is
proper to pursue the usual course of the Senate;
but it does not follow that we need waste time by
doing so. I have had an experience of a few
years here, and I believe nearly as much time has
been consumed by gentlemen delivering their
views as to how time was to be saved, and the
business to be done promptly, as we have in the
long discussions, which I admit are perhaps too
long; but that is a matter of taste, and if it be an
evil it is one which will correct itself. As soon
as the people of the country are not satisfied with
reading what the Senator from Georgia chooses
to designate as essays, that soon they will pay no
attention to them, and then the evil will correct
itself, and we can go on with the running debates
which he desires. It seems to me that we have
spent just about as much time in debating prop-
ositions to save time and do business quickly, as
we have in listening to long speeches.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, after having
been indulged by the Senate with an opportunity
of delivering my own views on this question, I
certainly shall not insist upon compelling any
gentleman to address the Senate when he is not
entirely ready; but some of us feel an anxiety to
have the homestead bill taken up, and 1 simply
wish to say now to the Senate that, if there is a
proposition to-morrow, or at any subsequent day
to postpone the further consideration of this bill,
I shall insist, on taking up the homestead bill and
discussing that. 1 know thereaiea number of
gentlemen who desite to be heard upon that ques-
tion. I wish to be heard myself; and I would as
soon speak in the evening as at any other time.
I would perhaps do so now, if I were prepared to
go on to-day. To-morrow I will he prepared; and
if the postponement of this question is then fur-
ther insisted upon, 1 will call for the consideration
of the homestead bill, and make my speech on
that.
Mr. WALKER. Can we not now come to
some understanding among ourselves as to when
we shall take the vote on the bill under consider-
ation ? I feel very anxious that we should have
some understanding on the subject, that we may
know when it is to be decided/ The custom of
the Senate has been spoken of by the Senator
from Virginia. I think it has become equally a
custom in the Senate that we never do come to any
determination upon an important matter without
" sitting it out," as it is termed. Now, for one,
I am prepared to fix any early period when we
shall lake the vote on this bill. I am willing,
with others, to sit it out and obtain a vote. I am
willing to do so to-day, if others are, or I should
be willing to-morrow or any other time.
Sir, like the Senator from Mississippi, I am
anxious to take up the homestead bill, and have
that discussed- -to have cither a running debate or
*-et speeches upon it, I do not care which—and
as soon as we get out a reasonable quantity of
that commodity, I hope we shall sit that Lull out
and dispose of it. i trust an early day may be
fixed when we may take a vote on this bill, and
get it out of the way. I believe it is not antici-
pated that it will be passed. This discussion,
therefore, is all unprofitable. It is to no practical
l end. Wc may take the vote roonci or later and
| not pac>o the bill. There cannot be found in the
j Senate a constitutional majority for it. The de-
. bate upon it is simply for the sake of debate,
; whilst the homestead bill, or the hill mentioned
! by the Senator from Virginia, has in it something
i practical.
I merely make these observations that we may,
if wc can, individually, and at last collectively,
come to a conclusion that we shall end the debate
upon this bill at some time, and at an early period,
and that we may then take up something of prac-
tical utility and importance.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, this is a very
interesting question. It is exactly of that class
of questions which the honorable Senator from
Georgia suggests as the most proper ones to exer-
cise the talents and powers of the members of
this House, and it is one upon which all members
ought always to be ready, and I call him now into
this race which he has got up. I call him up. I
want to see him run. [Laughter.] I wonder why
he holds back? The drum beats, but he does not
appear at the race. I warn to know his views on
this subject.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not enter into a race
among kept nags. [Laughter.] I should like to
see a general race, and no doubt the Senator could
enter into that. There are various terms on which
we have to run. Perhaps the Senator is more
qualified than myself to run a race of this sort.
But what I meant to do when I was up before—and
all that I said was in perfect good humor towards
the body—was, to bring gentlemen's minds to
the necessity of closing the argument at some
time. 1 knew the suggestion would have to be
made when some one was entitled to the floor, and
1 thought th;s was the most appropriate way in
which I could do it, by calling the attention of the
body to the propriety of debating, instead of reg-
ular essay writing or speech making. Now, sir,
since I made the suggestion, the Senate have
shown a wonderful capacity for a running debate,
and have demonstrated that they can very well
engage in it. I have thus shown all that 1 wanted,
and 1 am now satisfied to let them go on in any
way that they may desire.
Mr. STUART. 1 wish to say now what I
tried to say some time ago to the honorable Sena-
tor from Connecticut, but I was then prevented
by two or three Senators, that if he desires to
speak to-morrow, and not to-day, I will waive any
objection I might have had. If that is the Sena-
tor's desire, I will not object to a postponement
of this question until to-morrow. But, sir, I will
take this occasion to say something in respect to
the method in which business lias been treated.
A long tune ago—almost so long as to have
passed out of my memoiy—on a Monday, I
moved to postpone the consideration of this bill to
the following Wednesday. I was then told by
several Senators that it would be out of oil parlia-
mentary custom and order to do so. I was told
that this was a message coming from the President
of the United States, and must be disposed of at
once, to the exclusion of all other business. That
was several weeks ago.
Now, when to-day I simply suggest that we
ought to be able to devote more than one hour in a
day to the consideration of this subject, which it
was said five or six weeks ago was so important that
it ought to be disposed of at once, it is said to be en-
tirely out of all order that has ever been established
; in the Senate. Sir, T confess myself to be utterly
; unable to follow all these senatorial customs. We
! cannot consider the homestead bill, because the
• President's veto message must take precedence jand
| we cannot consider the President's veto message
! because it is not entirely convenient for us to do
j so! But no one Senator is to blame. No gen-
; tleman wishes to talk to empty benches, and yet
• I do not believe there is a gentleman in the Sen-
ate who, on this subject, con necure twenty-five
senatorial hearers, although the best talent in the
country is here in some individuals
Having said thus much, let me add to what has
been said by the Senator from Wisconsin that
there are many Senators on this floor who are
desirous to have this question disposed of, and
who would be very glad if the Senate, by com-
mon consent, would set apart a day when we
should take a vote and end the matter. Many of
us are particularly anxious to do this, because we
wish to consider the other subject which has been
referred to, (the homestead bill,) which is a spe-
cial order, and was made so before this veto mes-
sage was brought here, and have that also dis-
posed of.
Now, sir, what have we been doing; Just pre-
cisely what the honorable Senator from Virginia
suggested. One day we spend an hour in consid-
ering the President's message; and then, on the
next day we consider whether we shall take a
recess, or whether we shall adjourn without day.
