730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
the bill as it came from the House. It appropriated
between one and two millions of dollars, as it
came from the House.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 wish to ask another ques-
tion, How much, in amount, has the Senate com-
mittee proposed to add to the bill ?
Mr. HUNTER. I think we propose to add
between seven and eight hundred thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to ask the Sena-
tor from Virginia if there is any other case of a:
custom-house which has been burnt; whether there
is an instance in any other place of a building ac-
commodating all the public offices and the public
business of the Government, which has been de-
stroyed so as to throw everything into the state in
which it is at Portland at the present time ?
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know that there is
any other case in which a custom-house has been
burnt, but there are doubtless other cases which
are thought, in the opinion of their friends, to be
quite as strong as that; and the honorable Sen-
ator will find, if his proposition be added, that
there will be others equally strong presented.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not understand how
that can possibly be.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I
am inclined very much to concur in the opinion
with the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Pettit] in
regard to this bill and all similar bills. I have not
been here very long, but I have never been here
at any session when we have not had a deficiency
bill before us. I do not mean to say that such bills
are palpably in violation of the Constitution; but
this much I do say, that there are a great many
items in this bill which are in violation of the spirit
and intention of the Constitution .The Constitution
declares that no money shall be drawn from the
Treasury, except in consequence of appropriations
made bylaw. There are various appropriations
proposed m this bill to make up for moneys already
expended. They may not have been actually taken
out of the Treasury and paid to the contractor or
the agent, yet the fact is palpable that the Govern-
ment owes the money, if it has not been paid, and
we are placed in the position either of repudiating
the debt, which would be an act of dishonor that no
Senator would entertain for a moment, or to make
an appropriation for the money which has already
been expended. Now, that is a violation of the
spirit of the Constitution , to say the least of it.
But this is not the only objection which I have
to this course. Oneof these three things, I think,
is self-evident: either that the Departments that
send in their estimates here are very inadequate to
the performance of their duty, or they send in
their estimates much too low; or else the Congress
of the United States, in the exercise of that power
which they have—a sort of parsimonious power,
for the purpose of making political capital at
home—reduce the estimates, and thereby force
upon the Dpparlments the necessity of expending
money not appropriated by law. Either one of
these tilings is true, or else there is a palpable vio-
lation of the spirit and intention of the Constitu-
tion by the Departments.
Now, Mr. President, I think my whole history
here, short as it is, will demonstrate that I have
never been found wanting in a spirit of liberality,
if I have any sin to answer for, it is that of prodi-
gality, both personal and general. I believe I vote
for almost every appropriation which is presented.
I affl not afraid to spend the public money. I am
willing to spend it whenever it is necessary, and
when it has even the semblance of necessity; but
I want every man to do it upon his individual
responsibility before the country; and 1 am not
willing ihat any Department of this Government
shall spend money, and then turn upon me, with-
out consulting me, without permitting me even to
judge ot the question, and present to me the alter-
native either of paying the money or repudiating.
I would pay the money, though it were four times
as much, rather than repudiate a single dollar.
Now, sir, 1 am unwilling to continue this sys-
tem, and, for myself, I concur with the Senator
from Indiana. In my judgment this is the last
deficiency bill for which I shall ever vote in the
Congress of the United States. I may vote for
some deficiencies of a particular character, which
could not have been foreseen; but I cannot and
will not hereafter vote for a bill running through
ail the Departments of the Government, making
appropriations tor the salaries of officers in every
Department, which could have been, and must have
been, foreseen.
Do you not remember, Mr, President, that at
the close of the last session of Congress—I know
the distinguished chairman of the Committee on
Finance remembers it—when the estimates came
in here from the Departments, in either one branch
of Congress or the other, (I will not say which,
because I am forbidden to speak here of the other
branch,) those estimates were cut down below a
point which any sensible man ever believed could
be justified by the necessities of thecountry. We
know that fact. They were cut down by those
who wished to make political capital at home in
the next canvass, to go before the people, and
raise a hue and cry against profligacy by others,
and to show by their votes that they were the pe-
culiar guardians of the Treasury of the country.
From this cause followed, as a matter of course,
many of these deficiencies; and you, sir, and I,
are called upon to bolster up and sustain men in
such a spirit of wild demagogism. For myself,
I am opposed to it. Let the Departments make
the necessary estimates. Make them large enough.
Double thern, if you please, and I will vote for
them. But when estimates are made, and they
are cut down below what, in the judgment of the
Government, is necessary, we are turned upon at
the next session, and told here is a deficiency
which you must appropriate for or repudiate a debt,
I think it is unjust to the Congress of the United
Stales. I think we can arrest it, and ought to arrest
it; and there is no better time for it than now.
The distinguished and honorable Senator from
Virginia tells us that it has been the custom for
thirty or forty years to pass such bills. 1 am tired
of this idea of age, and the holding of it up in
terrorem over gentlemen. That is the same argu-
ment which 1 had to meet here a short time ago
in relation to the Missouri compromise. I was '
told that 1 was not to touch that " sacred" thing, !
because it was thirty years old; and now we are I
not to arrest an abuse of the Government be- I
cause it has continued for thirty or forty years. !
If it is an abuse let us arrest it now. This is an <
age of progress. I do not mean young Amer-
icanism progress; but I mean a progress of rea-
son, and judgment, and common sense, and proper
responsibility. Let every man bear his own re-
sponsibility. I am willing to take mine. Make
your estimates large enough to cover up all your
expenses, and let us like men come up and vote
for them. I shall vote for this bill because it is in
part to pay for debts which have been contracted;
but hereafter I shall never vote in favor of another
general deficiency bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, the Senator
from Tennessee says that he has found that a de-
ficiency bill has always been reported at every
session since he has been here. That is true, and
if he shall remain here until the day of his death
I doubt not he will find annually a deficiency bill
reported. I think the occasion which calls for it
has been well stated by the honorahle chairman
of the Committee on Finance. There are unfore-
seen expenditures which are required within the
year, and which cannot be provided for m the an-
nual appropriation bills. These are appropriations F
which good and sound economy requires should j{
be made, and are made during the year, although :
they are not provided for in the annual appropri- '
ation bills.
Now, sir, the Senator from Tennessee himself
says that this may not be the fault of the Govern-
ment but of a class of individuals; but he avows
his purpose hereafter not to vote for a deficiency
bill, notwithstanding the sums appropriated may
be due to honest work men, to individuals who have
entered into obligations with the Government, who
have discharged their contracts, who have honest- ,
ly and fairly earned their money,but who, m con- ■
sequence of a course which is objectionable, pei- !
haps to everybody, taken by certain other mdi- |i
viduals, have not been able to receive their dues; ,■
and appropriations are not to bp made even to pay -'
that class of Government liabilities ! Such liabili-
ties will always occur, and such liabilities will !
always be paid, I think. |i
Jt was not my object to enter into a discussion !
of the propriety of deficiency bills, or of the cir-
cumstances or necessity which required thern; but
it was my purpose to answer a declaration made
by the Senator from Indiana, which was far too
broad, and which I feel may, unintentionally on
the Senator's part, do injustice to the Secretary of
the Treasury. He avowed that a greater portion
of these appropriations were not only without
law but in direct violation of law; that these ex-
penditures were not only without law, but m direct
violation of law.
Mr. PETTIT. The Senator will allow me to
say that I certainly cast no aspersions on the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, but I spoke of the general
policy of" the Government. It is known that I
entertain the kindest feelings for the entire Admin-
istration—for every branch of it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have no doubt of it; but
still I think, by implication, a wrong impression
might be drawn from what the Senator said", and
it was for the purpose of correcting it that I rose.
I do not say that the Senator designed to make
any charge of the kind—far from it—but he made
the general declaration, and he illustrated it by
! reference to the expenditures which were made in
; the erection of Government buildings; and those
■ Government buildings are mainly m charge of that
1 Department. Now, allow me to say to the honor-
able Senator from Indiana, and to the Senate, that
I think I am justified in asserting, that the Treas-
ury Department, in no single instance, have de-
parted one inch beyond the limitations and pro-
visions of law in reference to the erection of public
buildings.
Mr. PETTIT. I am very glad to hear it.
Mr. HAMLIN. In no single instance have
they departed from the limitation provided bylaw,
but they have done this, and as wise and prudent
officers, it was their duty to do it: When they
have found an appropriation for a public building,
in their judgment, after an actual survey and esti-
mate, to be inadequate, while they have made a
contractcoming within the limitations and the pro-
i visions of law, they have added to that contract a
qualification, that it" Congress should see fit to
t make an additional appropriation for the purpose
j of making the building what it should be, then the
J Department should have the power of so chang-
, ing it. They have made their contracts within
| the limitations of the law in ail cases, with the
! addition of this qualification. It has been found,
| in various cases, that the appropriations have not
j been sufficient to make the buildings fire-proof,
and then they have added the qualification which
I have named, submitting it to Congiess subse-
quently to make an additional appropriation for
the purpose of making the buildingfire-proof; and
if Congress should see fit to make the appropria-
tion then the modification or change would he
made; otherwise not.
I have a word to say in relation to the direct
amendment before the Senate, and then I will not
trouble them again. There are a large number of
custom-houses and marine hospitals in process of
construction, in various sections of the Union,
and in various States in the valley of the Missis-
sippi, and on the Pacific slope. There is an appro-
priation bill now in the House of Representatives,
providing for increased appropriations to finish,
or, in some instances, to change, the plan of con-
struction, if it shall be deemed advisable, for those
various buildings. There is no other case, save
this at Portland, within my knowledge, where
the whole structure has been entirely destroyed,
and where there are no accommodations furnished,
and where the Government has lost the accommo-
dations which it has bad fur the custom-house and
post office, and the United States courts. It in-
volves precisely the same expenditure for those
accommodarinns nut of the Treasury which are
required in California. There is, I grant, a dif-
ference in amount, and a difference in degree, but
in principle both are precisely the same. Now,
if there is any good or substantia] reason why
there should be an exception let it be made. I
felt it to be a duty which I owed to my constitu-
ency, that this case, standing, as I believe, substan-
tially upon the same foundation with that in Cali-
fornia, should meet the same fate. In regard to
the others, standing upon a different ground, I
have nothing to say. I do not propose to mix
them with this bill, or to ask a vote of the Senate
upon them. They stand as a class. This stands
separate from them, and for that reason I offered
the amendment to the amendment. If it is advi-
sable that an appropriation shall be made in this
bill for the change of a site for California, I Hope
this appropriation will be made to rebuild the cus-
tom-house at Portland; otherwise, not.
