1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751
Mr. BROWN, Mr. President, I concur in very
much of what has been said by the Senators from
Indiana and Tennessee in reference to deficiency
bills, and yet I am not prepared to go so far as the
Senator from Indiana, and say I will not vote for
them hereafter. That abuses are growing up and
multiplying is true beyond all question,under this
system of passing these deficiency bills. Now,
sir, what is a deficiency bill? Probably, it is a
bill supplying neeessary deficiencies in appropri-
ations already made, which could not be foreseen,
and therefore could not be estimated for in the be-
finning. Confined to these, the sum appropriated
y a deficiency bill would be very small. The
Administration sends in its budget at the opening
of the session, and it is published, and the whole
country sees it. That far the responsibility of the
Cabinet Ministers is fixed. But if they under-
estimate the absolute amount required for their
own schemes, then the balance of the responsibil-
ity, the making up of the deficiency, is thrown
upon Congress, and the country is not given to
understand that the Administration is expending
every year three, four, or five millions of dollars
more than the budget sent to the country shows
that it is expending. Wherever there is an abso-
lute, existing deficiency, required by the necessi-
ties of the country, 1 shall be willing to vote for
it; but I will not take into bills called deficiency
bills new schemes, or put in appropriations for
large sums of money, which have been expended
without the shadow of authority.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator from Mis-
sissippi allow me to say to him that I think, if
he will examine this bill, he will find none such
in it.
Mr. BROWN. 1 was coming to that. The
very item before us strikes me as not being a de-
ficiency. According to the Senator's own account,
the $90,000 heretofore appropriated for the San
Francisco custom-house, have been entirely lost
to the Government, and we are about to abandon
the lot which we purchased for that money.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator is mistaken;
we are not going to abandon the lot; we are going
to try our title to it. *
Mr. BROWN. Is this appropriation of $250,000
then, to be made to try your title to that lot? No
sir; but, according to the Senator's own explana-
tion, it is to buy another and an entirely different
lot, or, in the discretion of the Secretary of the
Treasury, to buy another lot with a house upon
it. This is a new scheme, having no earthly con-
nection with the purchase which you have made.
You bought a lot for §90,000, and the Senator
says you are going to contest the title to that lot;
but this money is not for that purpose. What
connection has this appropriation of $250,000
with the $90,000 already appropriated ? None on
earth; and this appropriation is for an entirely
distinct object, to wit: the purchase of another
lot, or another house. I cannot regard it as a
deficiency; but yet, so far as this bill is concerned,
I would as soon vote for it in this bill as in any
other bill. I am willing to vote for it, if the
necessities of the country require it; but I dislike
these misnomers. I dislike this thing of putting
in appropriations of this kind in places where
they do not properly belong.
Now, there is one point of objection which I
make to the amendment, as proposed by the com-
mittee, and which, if it is not corrected, will pre-
vent me from voting for it. The Secretary of the
Treasury is allowed by the amendment, in his dis-
cretion, to purchase a house already built. To
that I object most emphatically, because there will
be found in the city of San Francisco no suitable
house for this purpose. I am sure there will not
be. You may buy a house, and buy it cheap
enough; I do not pretend to say that cannot be
done: but you cannot buy a proper house for the
accommodation of the Government there. What
will be the consequence? Why, sir, after four or
five years, perhaps in a shorter time, we shall be
asked to make new appropriations to build a
new house, and the old one will have to be sold,
and sold, possibly, at a sacrifice. I think the
Government ought to have a custom-house there—
one commensurate with the growth and prosperity
of the city. I am willing to make an appropria-
tion to buy a suitable lot, and then to build a
suitable house on it, after it has been purchased;
but I am not willing to send out the Secretary
pf the Treasury to "buy houses already erected,
and which will turn out in the end to be wholly
unsuited to the purposes for which we are buying
them. You may as well buy a house at Port-
land, another at Louisville, another at St. Louis,
and one at New Orleans, and every other place
.where you want a custom-house. Let the Gov-
ernment go on as it is now doing. If it pays a
few thousand dollars too much, what of that? Let
it rent these houses where it cannot do better; but
when you pretend to build a custom-house, build
such a one as the interests of the country require,
and make a sufficient appropriation for that pur-
pose. „
I repeat, I cannot vote to give the Secretary of
the Treasury discretion to buy houses already
built; but I am willing to vote liberal appropria-
tions to buy lots and build houses where neces-
sary. If the Government fails to recover the lot
already purchased, of course it is a naked loss;
but if it is recovered, it can be sold. I am not for
delaying the work while a litigious lawsuit shall
go on in reference to that lot.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 have before me a letter of
the Secretary of the Treasury on this subject
which explains the whole matter; and as there
seems to be some misunderstanding in regard to
it, I will read the letter:
Treasury Department, March 22, 1854.
Sir: I beg leave to bring to the attention of the Com-
mittee on Finance the condition of the custom-house at San
Francisco.
The square bounded by Front Battery, Washington, and
Jackson streets, part of the Government reserve in San
Francisco, was selected by the collector,Thomas Butler
King, for a custom-house, and the title submitte.d to the dis
trict attorney, who examined the same, and reported the
title perfect in the United States, and not affected by a lease
made by Captain Erasmus B. Keyes, on behalf of the Uni-
ted States, because of the reservation contained in the
lease for the surrender of whatever part should be required
for Government purposes. The selection of the site was
approved by my predecessor, arid the building of the custom
house contracted for, and steps taken to fill the square, and
pile for the foundation, and some §90,000 expended, before
it was ascertained that the State of California set up title to
the Government reserves, as land covered by the tide ; and,
upon investigation, it was found the title of the United
States was not free of doubt arid difficulty, and in conse
quence thereof the work was suspended, and application
made to the Legislature of California to release all claim to
the square. The Legislature of California passed an act
to sell the Government reserves, but exempted out of the
sale part of said square which the custom-house was to
occupy, but did not release title or claim to the same. The
residue of the Government reserves claimed by the State uf
California was sold by the commissioners appointed by the
act, and an attempt made to sell part of the custom house
square, and an injunction obtained on behalf of the United
States to prevent the sale.
A renewed application was made, by authority of this
Department, to the State of California to release claim to
said square: but the Governor, in his message, recom-
mended it should not be done ; and a letter ha3 been received
from R. P. Hammond, collector at San Francisco, to whom
the application was intrusted, that there is no probability
that the release will be made. A copy of the letter accom
panies this.
The Government is annually paying rent in California
for custom and warehouse purposes, post office, court-
rooms, and offices, to the amount of $133,024 26, as will
appear by the accompanying statement j and the contractor
for the custom-house, which is also to have rooms for the
post office and the courts, is delayed. The contractormay
claim compensation lor the delay, under these circum-
stances. Another site might be provided, and the building
progressed with, or authority given to vacate the contract.
A suitable and proper site for the custom hou^e, post
office, and courts, in an eligible po&ition, will be cosily;
and, that the sum may be adequate, an appropriation of
$250,000 in addition to the former appropriation, is recom-
mended, so that whatever part may not be needed for the
site may be applied for the building.
I have directed legal proceedings to test the title of the
United States to the square selected for the custom house.
Those proceedings will take years. The square is well se-
lected for custom-house purposes; and the whole will be
required for that, and other public offices. In the mean
time, if the coniract to construct the custom-house, &c.,
should be vacated, it would bo cheaper to purchase build-
ings for custom-house, post office, court rooms, &c., than
to rent. It is believed that a purchase could be made for
what it 'would cost to rent suitable buildings for a term of
five or six years.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. R- M. T. Hunter,
Chairman Committee on Finance, U. S- Senate.
Mr. PETTIT. I have a faw words to say in
reply to the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin.]
The cases which he puts will properly and legiti-
mately come under the head of additional and fur-
ther appropriations, to which I should not object.
Let us put a case. Suppose the Government of
the United States concludes that it wants to build
a custom-house at any port of entry, or buildings
in the interior and shall describe what kind of
buildings are wanted, of what materials they shall
be built, how high, how broad, how long, and
how permanently they shall be built, and Congress
shall appropriate $200,000 for their construction,
and direct the Secretary of the Treasury to pro-
ceed to erect them. What now.? The Secretary
finds, on casting around for bids, that he cannot
complete those buildings for that money; never-
theless the law has ordered him to go on and ex-
pend that money in the buildings. He does so.
He makes his contracts if he acts prudently and
wisely, no further than the money already appro-
priated, when that money is expended, he says to
all hands, " You must stop; I can go no further
until I present this matter to Congress at the next
session, and then, if they appropriate more money,
well and good." But that is not the policy that is
pursued. That would be an additional appropria-
tion, and I should have no objection tomakesuch
an appropriation in a proper case. But, the pol-
icy pursued is this: you direct that a custom-house
shall be built at any important point, and Congress
make the estimate of how much money they can
afford to expend in it; but while Congress have by
law designated the kind of building which shall be
built, whether of stone or brick, and in this, that,
or the other way, the Secretary of the Treasury
(I do not charge it on the present Secretary, but
1 say this has been the policy heretofore) has taken
upon himself to say that that is not a suitable
building, that it is not fire-proof, that the materials
are insufficient, and he will therefore take the re-
sponsibility of changing the plan, and he changes
it to a more costly and magnificent structure, and
then comes to Congress. He does not content
himself with expending, although in a different
structure entirely, the amount of money appropri-
ated; he not only changes the structure and the •
order of architecture, but he expends more money,
perhaps doublethe amount of money appropriated,
and then comes to Congress, and asks an appro-
priation for a deficiency. That is the point of these
deficiencies. That shows thedifference between a
deficiency'and an additional appropriation.
Then take the Indian Department. Suppose
Congress appropriate $50,000 for removing a cer-
tain tribe of Indians. The Administration go on
and find that they cannot remove them for less
than $100,000; but instead of saying " we will
not attempt it, or will remove them as far as we
can forthat sum, and no further," they say, " we
will go on and contract for the whole amount, and
ask Congress to cover it up," or " we will pay it
out of the Treasury as we go along." That is a
power which the Departments have not got, and
to which I object.
The Senator from Tennessee agreed with me,
in the main, in my views of this bill; hutW does
not agree with the views which I shall now ex-
press, whether I expressed them before or not.
They are these: If an Administration shall send
to Congress their budget for a year, asking for
$50,000,000,and the House of Representatives, in
their great economy, or supposed economy, shall
cut the appropriations down, say to $30,000,000,
and tell the Administration, " that is as much as
we will give you for carrying on the Government,"
then there may be some justification for the Ad-
ministration going on and expending to that
amount of money and no more, sayins; " you
would not give us as much as we asked." I say
that is the very reason why they should not ex-
pend more than the amount appropriated. Con-
gress holds the purse-strings, the power to levy
and appropriate money; and if they say that but
$30,000,000 shall be expended, when an Admin-
istration proposed to spend $50,000,000, though
the public service is going to decay and is suffer-
ing, I hold that it is the bounden duty of the
President, and of his helpers and assistants, so
soon as the money shall run out, to cease work at
once; and if there be any grumbling in the
country, let the President issue his proclamation
and say, " the Constitution stares me in the face;
I have used, and used economically, all the money
which your representatives have given me, but I
cannot, without violating the Constitution, and
putting my hands inio the Treasury unlawfully,
use one dollar more; charge the responsibility to
your representatives; look at my budget, and you
will find that I asked for a sufficient amount to
be appropriated, but your representatives, those
whom you sent here, would not sustain me; chas-
tise them, and charge the responsibility upon
them." This is what the President should say.
