1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2319
From Versailles, by Florence, to Georgetown.
From Versailles, by Mining, to Erie.
From Van Buren, by Pike Creek, to Thomas-
vil'f.
From Warsaw, by Rocky Ridge, Quincy,
Elkion, Bolivar, Brighton, and Richland, to
Springfielth
From Warsaw, by Tebo, Calhoun, Clinton,
and Morris Fork, to Big Creek.
From Warsaw, by Turkey Creek, Mount
View, Cross Timbers, Urbana, and Round Prai-
rie, to Buffalo.
From Warsaw, by Howie's Creek, to Oceola.
From Washbourne's Prairie, by R. Koter's
Bridge, Abner Jenning's, on White River, and
Lewis Thompson's,011 War Eagle, to Huntsville,
Arkansas.
From Washbourne's Prairie, by Looniesville,
Pineville, and Rutledge C. H., to Maysville,
Arkansas.
From Waynesville, by Bellefonte, Oakland,
Cave Springs, Woodbury, Pleasant Prairie, and
Walnut Forest, to Spiingfield.
From Waynesville, by .Logan and Sacramento,
to Hartsville.
From Wurrenton to Middletown.
From Waterloo, by Chambersburg, to Union
Corneis, Iowa.
From Washington, by Union, Beaufort, Bur-
bois, Enon, Mount Sterling, Linn, Loose Creek,
Lisle, and Taos, to Jefferson City.
From Washington, by Newport and Blish's
Mills, to Hermann's.
From Williamsburg, by Shamrock, Middle
town, Prairie Mound, and Ashley, to Bowling
Green.
From Wes'point to Westport.
From Westport, by High Grove, to Harrison-
ville.
From Westport to Van Buren, Arkansas.
From Westport, by New Santa Fe, Plum
Grove, and Woekville, to Westpoint.
From Weston, to St. Joseph, via Bloomington.
From Weston, by New Market, Buena Vista,
and E-still's Mills, to Plattsburg.
From West Prairie to ChUUtecaux.
Minnesota Territory 窶認rom Crow Wing, by
Cass Lake and Red Lake, to Pembina.
From Crow Wing, by Sandy Lake, to Fond
du Lac.
From Decorah, Iowa, by Brownsville, Monte-
zuma, and Minnesota City, to Wabashaw.
From Falls of St. Anthony to Little Canada.
From Falls of St. Anthony, by Stephens's
Mill, at Lake Mmnetonka, and Walker's Land-
ing, to Henderson.
From Fort Atkinson, in Iowa, to Farribault, in
M innesoia.
From Fort Ripley to Crow Wing.
From F.irt Snelling to the Palls of St. Anthony.
From Fort Snelling, by Mendota. Shakaoee,
Henderson, Little Rapids, Le Soeur, and Trav-
erse Des Sioux, to Mankato.
From Fort Snelling, by Bloomington, Little
Rapids, Traverse des Sioux, and Le Soeur, to
Lacqui Parle.
Fiom Henderson, by Fort Ridgley, to the
Sioux Agency.
From .Viaukassato Decorrah, Iowa.
From Mendota, by Little Rapids, Traverse
Des Sioux, and Little Rock, to Lacqm Parle.
From Minnesota Ciiy to Traverse des Sioux.
From Nelson's Landing, Wisconsin, by Wah-
cootak's Village, Olive Grove, and Mendota,
Minnesota, to Port Snelling.
From Point Douglas, by Stillwater, Marine
Mills, Taylor's, Falls of St. Croix, and Pocke-
goma Lake, to Falls of St. Louis River of Lake
Sunenor.
From Point Douglas, by Cottage Grove and
Red Rock, to St. Paul.
From Red Wins:, on Mississippi river, via
Fairbault and Henderson, to Fort Ridgely.
From St. Paul, by Stillwater and St. Croix
Falls, fo the mouth or* Left Hand River, at Fond
du Lac, in Wisconsin. . j
From St. Paul, by Carlisle, Olive Grove, Point i
Dnuo-las, Prescott, Red Wing, Reed's Landing, !
Nelson's Landing;, Mount Vernon, Winona,
Brownsville, Mmnewah, Lacioss, "Warner s ,
Lan^ins, Capnlt, Buena Vi^h, Prairie
Du Chien, Gottenburg, Wcld'j Lauding, to Ga- j
lena. 1
From Sc. Paul, by Kuposia, Carlisle, Point
Douglas, Prescott, Wisconsin, Red Win^, Min-
nesota, Mount Vernon, Reed's Landing1, Nelson's
Landing, Momoville, La Cross, Wisconsin,
Brownsville, Minnesota, Mmmewah, Warner's
Landing, Wisconsin, Wmoma, Minnesota, Min-
nesota City, Lansing, Point Rock, Iowa, Capoh,
and Webster, to Prairie Da Chien, Wisconsin.
From St. Paul, by Falls of St. Anthony, Itasca,
Elk, River, Decorri, Menominee, Clear Lake,
Sauk Rapids, Watab, Mouth of Swan River,
Little Falls, and Bell Prairie, to Fort Ripley.
From St Paul, via Redwing, and Reed's Land-
ing, in Wabashaw county, to Lansing, in the
State of Iowa.
From St. Paul, by Stillwater, Marine Mills,
and Taylor's, to Falls of St. Croix.
From St. Paul to Fort Atkinson, Iowa.
From St. Paul to Fort Snelling.
From St. Paul, by Dekorra, and Elkader, to
Dubuque, Iowa.
From St. Paul, on the Emigrant route by Fort
Ridgely, to the Missouri river.
From St. Paul to Little Canada.
From St. Paul, by Cannon River, to Farri-
bault.
From St. Anthony, to Taylor's Falls.
From Stillwater, via White B^ar Lake, to Little
Canada.
From Swan River, by Fort Ripley, Red Lake,
and Long Prairie, to Pembina.
From Traverse Des Sioux to Arcadia.
From Traverse Des Sioux, La Soeur, Hender-
son, Farribault, and Vermillion River, to St.
Paul.
From Wabashaw, by Minnesota City, Monte-
zuma, and Brownsville, to Decorrah, Iowa.
Nebraska Territory.窶認rom Nebraska City,
Belleview, and Omacha City, to Fort Calhoun.
Kansas Territory.窶認rom Fort Leavenworth to
the Sac and Fox Agency.
From Fort Scott to Fort Atkinson.
From Fort Leavenworth to Fort Riley.
From Fort Scott to Crawford Seminaiy.
Fiom Westport, Missouri, to Fort Scott.
Iowa 窶認rom Apple Grove, via Delhi, Carlisle,
and Green Bush, to WnUetsel.
! From Andrew, by Fulton, Iron Hills, John-
| son's, Scotch Grove, Edinburgh, Anamosa, Ne-
| cot, Boulder, and Spring Giove, to Q,uasque- j
j ton. |
I From Andrew, by Hickory Grove, Spring I
Brook, and Beitevue, to Galena, Illinois. j
Fiom Adel, by Panona and County Seats of i
Audubon and Shelby, to Magnolia. j
From Ashland, by Batavia, Competine, and j
Abingdon, to Richland. |
From Apple Grove, by Delphi, Carlisle, and |
Greenbush, to Wmterset. j
Fiom Apple Grove, by Free!, Hartford, and j
Palmyra, to Indianola. ,
From Boonsboro', by Homer, to Fort Dodge, i
From Brighton, by Valley and Dutch Creek, j
to South English. ;
From BuiSington, by Middletown, Danville,
' New London, MountPieasant, Rome, and Lock- :
bridge, to Fairfield. j
From Burlington, by Pamsh, Lowell, East
Grove, Salem, Hillsboro', Utica, and Uruon, to
Keosauqua.
From Burlington, by Albright's Bluff, Dale,
Hawkeye, Palo Alto,Toolsboro5,and PortLou- ;
isa to Muscatine. ;
From Burlington, by Dod^eville, Yellow j
Springs, Linton, Wapello, Hanison,and Grand 1
View, to Muscatine.
From Butler, by Steady Run, Lancaster, Rich- '
land, and Clay, to Brighton. :
From Bunker Hill to Prairie da Chien. j
From Beilevue, by Spring Brook, Higginsport, |
Boon Spring, and Charlotte, to Dewitt. |
From Bloomfield, by Point Isabel, Greene, Ot- !
tumwa, Cluiltcothe, and Eddy ville, to O-skaloosa. '
From B'oomfield, by Drakeville, Uuionville,!
Moravia, Iconium, and Greenville, to Chariton, j
From Bloomfield, by Diakeville, Mount Cal-1
vary, and Sharon, to Centreville. _ !
From Bloomfield, by Diakeville, 0\k Spring,
Soap Creek, Avery, A!h:a, Sifeii'i, Princeton, :
Hamilton, Ely, and Attica, to Knoxville. j
From Camanche to Albany, m Illinois. [
From Camanche to Dewitt.
From Chariton, by Corydon and Grand River,
to Princeton, Missouri.
From Chariton, by Douglas and Lewis, to
Council Bluffs.
From Chariton, by Newbern, Hammondsburg,
to Indianoia.
From Chariton, by Argo, Glenn's, Bartlettville,
White Breast, and Hopeville, to Pisgah.
From Chariton, by Tallahoma and Oceola, to
Pisgah.
From Chariton, by Oceola, Pisgah, Union,
Adair, and Montgomery C. H., to Coonville.
From Charleston, by Dover and Salem, to
Mount Pleasant.
From Charleston, by Franklin Centre, West
Point, and Lowell, to MountPleasant.
From Charleston, via Franklin Centre and
Dover, to Salem, and Mount Pleasant.
From Cedar Falls to Cedar Lake.
From Cedar Rapids to Marengo.
From Cedar Rapids, by Palo, Oak Grove, Beu-
lah, Vinton, Eliza, and Waterloo, to Cedar Falls.
From Centreville, by South Fork, Corydon,
Bethlehem, Cambria, Garden Grove, and Hope-
ville, to Pisgah.
From Centreville, in Appanoose county, via the
State Road, to Decatur, in Decatur county.
From Centreville, by Wells's Mills, to Lancas-
ter, Missouri.
From Centreville, by Iconium, to Chariton.
From Centreville, by Corydon, South Inde-
pendence, County Seats of Ririgold and Taylor
counties, to Clarinda, in Page county.
From Centieville to St. John, Missouri.
From Centre Point, by Mary-aville, to Brad-
ford.
From Cedar Falls, by John C. Barrick's and
Coon Grove, to Clear Luke.
Front Centrepoint, by Marysville and Enter-
prise, to Bradford.
From Colesburg, by Sodamville and Wilson-
vi I le, to West Union.
From Clayton to Lancaster, in Wisconsin.
From Clayton, by Garnavillo, Elkador, Wag-
ner, and Clearmont, to West Union.
From Columbus, by Union Prairie, James-
town, and Decorrah,to Louisville.
From Columbus City, in Louisa county, to
Yatton, in Washington county.
From Council Bluffs, by Winter (Quarters, to
Fort Calhoun, Nebraska Territory.
From Council Bluffs, via Magnolia and De
Soto, to Sargeant's Bluffs.
From Council Bluffs, by Traders' Point, Cerro
Gordo, Glenwood, Sidney, Austin, and McKts-
sack's Grove, to Linden, Missouri.
From Council Bluffs, by Pidgeon Mills, Boyer's
River, Calhoun, Harrison, Sargeant's Bluffs, Mo-
nohah, and Wahkuw, to Big Sioux river.
From Corydon to Chariton Point.
From Corydon, by Grand River, to Princeton,
Missouri.
From Colony, by Poultney, Yankee Settlement,
and Lodormllo, to Strawberry Pome.
From Davenport, by Centre Giove, Luctin,
Pedee, Spring Dale, and Carthage, to lowu City.
From Davenport, by Allen's Grove, Thorn's
Mills, and Walnut Fork, to Anamosa.
From D-ivenport, by Linn Grove, Big Rock,
and Cedar Rock Point, to Walnut Fork.
From Davenport, by Amity, Tipton, Wood-
bridge, Gower's Ferry, Newport, and Newport
Centre, to Iowa City.
From Decorrah, Iowa, to Maukapa.
From Decorrah to Plum Grove.
From Decorrah, Iowa, by Brownsville, Monte-
zuma, and Minnesota City, to Wabashaw.
From Delhi, by Coffin's Grove, Quasqueton,
and Pine, to Independence.
From Delhi, by Delaware Centre, Mount Hope,
ForestviHe, Strawberry Point, Mill Grove, West-
field, and Taylorsville, to West Union.
From Delhi, by Haitwick and Erin, to Q,uas-
queton.
From Delhi, by Colesburg, to Garnaville.
From Drakevdle, by Unionville, Moiavia, and
Dodge's Pomt, to Garden Grove.
From Drakeville, by Unionville, Moravia, and
Iconium, to La Grange.
Ftom Dubuque, by Fort Dodge, to Sargeant's
Bluffs.
From Dubuque, by Mosalem, Spruce Mills,
Wickhffe, Sdbula, Elk River, Lyons, Camanche*
