2322
T|IE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
Prom Olympia, by Ford's, to Chenook City.
From Olyrapia to Shoal water Bay.
From Olympw to- Seattle.
From Pacific City, by Chenook, Cathlamette,
Oak Point, Momicello, Cathlapoote, Columbia
City, Cascade City, and Fort Wallawalla, to
Wailepta.
From Port Townsend, by Port Discovery, to
New Dangernese.
From Rainier, by Monticello, Cowlitz, High-
land,and Olympia, to Steilacoorn.
From Seattle, by Port- Madison, Kelt's Mills,
Peim's Cove, and Whatcom, to Port Townsend.
From Seattle to the De Warnish Mills.
From St. Helen's, by Cathlapoote, to Pekin.
From Steilacoorn by Alki, to Seattle.
From Wailepta, by Wallawalla, Walker's, and
Eel's Mission, and Brown's, to Fort Colville.
From-Wailepta, by Craig's Ccmir D'Aleine,
.-Mission and St. Mary's Valley, to Fort Benton,
in Nebraska Territory.
Utah Territory.—From Salt Lake City, by
-American Fork, Provo City, Springfield, Payson,
.Summit Creek, Nephi City, Fillmore City, Red
Creek, Parovan, Johnson's Springs, Cold Cr*ek,
Santa Clara, and San Bernardino, (California,) to
San Diego.
From Salt Lake City, by Union, Draper, Pal-
jxiyra, LehiCity, American Fork, X^lensant Grove,
Provo City, Payson, Spnngville, Summit, Nephi
City, Corn Creek, Fillmore City, Salt Creek, and
Canal Creek, to Manti.
From Salt Lake City, by Fort Laramie, to
Council Bluff's, in Iowa.
From Salt Lake City, by Stoker, Farmington,
<id Kaysviile, to Ogden City.
From Salt Lake City, by Null's Mills, Mill
Creek, Hnlladay's Settlement, Little Cottonwood,
and Drapersville, to Mountainville.
•From Salt Lake City, by Taylnrsvillp, West
Jordan, Gardner's Mills, Bingham's Kanyan, to
Cedar Valley.
From Toele City to Grantsville.
- From Salt Lake City to Toele City.
From Salt Lake City, by Utah Lake, to Sand
Pitch.-Valley.
New Mexico.—From Albuquerque, by Zuni, to
WoOdVtlle, Californ m.
From Santa Fc, by Albuquerque, Socorro, Loe
C.uzces, Donna Anna, Fort Fillmore, Frontero,
(3?exas,) El Paso, San Ebzario, Magoffinsville,
and- Leona:, to San Antonio.
From Santa Fc, by San Miguel, Las Vegas,
and Fort Union, Missouri, to Independence.
From-Santa Fc, by La Canada and Albicin, to
Fernando de Taos.
Prom Santa Fc: to Salt Lake City, in Utah.
From Santa Fc to litis Vegas.
From Taos to Donna Anna. ,
From Donand, by Fort Belknap, to Gainesville,
in-(Texas.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
PUBLIC, RESOLUTIONS.
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the-Superintendent of the Public
Printing be, and he is hereby, authorized to in-
Cfease"the_force in his office by the appointment
of two additional, clerks, at the same salary per
annam now allowed the clerks employed therein.
Approved, February 10, 1854.
No. 3.—A Resolution for supplyin^new Members of
the Senate and Bouse of Representatives with such
Books of a public character as have been heretofore
supplied.
Resolved by the Senate and Mouse of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
| assembled, That each of the new members ot the
two Houses of Congress be supplied with the same
number and description of such books of a public
character as were supplied to each member of the
Senate or Houseof Representatives during the last
Congress: Provided, They be furnished by the
publishers at prices not exceeding those at which
they have been heretofore supplied for the use of
the members of either House.
Approved, February 23, 1854.
No. 4.—Joint Resolution authorizing a Supplemental
Contract for certain Marble for the Capitol Exten-
sion,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, authorized to cause a sup-
plemental contract to be made with the con tractors
j'or marble for the Capitol extension, to procure
the columns and ashlar m larger blocks than re-
quired by the specifications of their present con-
tract.
Approved, March 1, 185i.
No. 5 —*1 Resolution accepting certain Volumes and
• Medals ■presented by her Britannic Majesty's Gov-
j eminent to the United States.
1 Resolved by the Senate and J{ouse of Represent"
[ atives oj the United States of America in Co'ngrcss
assembled, That the Government of the United
States accept the presentation volumes and medals
illustrative of the Exhibition in London, in eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-one, presented by her Bri1
tannic* Majesty's Government, m behalf of her
Majesty's commissioners for the said exhibition,
and that they be placed in the Library of Congress.
Resolved, That a copy of this resolution be com-
municated to theBrit-ish Government in such man-
ner as the President of the United States may see
proper.
Approved, March 27, 1854.
No. 1.—Joint Resolution of Thanks to General John
E. Wool.
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Represent-
atives of, the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the thanks of Congress are due,
.and-are hereby tendered, to Brevet Major General
John E. Wool, for his distinguished services in
the late war with Mexico; and especially for the
skill, enterprise, and courage which distinguished
his conduct at the battle of.Buena Vista.
Resolved,.Th&t the President be requested to
cause a sword, with suitable devices, to be pre-
sented to General Wool* as a testimony of the
"high sense entertained by Congress of his gallant
and judicious conduct on that memorable occasion.
Resolved, That the President be requested to
cause a copy of the foregoing lesoluttons to be
transmitted to General Wool.
Approved, January 24, 1854.
No. 2.—A Resolution authorizing an Increase, in the
Fat ce in the OJjice if the Superintendent of Public
Printing.
Revived by the Senate and House of R#pr$$ent-
No. 6.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Secretary of
the Ttcasury and Light-flouse Board to determine
upon the site, plan, and mode of constructing the
iAght-llouse on Cohasset Roeks, and. for other pur-
poses.
Resolved by the Senate and Ilouse of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury and
Light-House Board be, and hereby'are, author-
ized to determine upon the site, plan, and mode
of constructing the light-house opon the Cohasset
rocks, on the southerly side of the entrance into
Boston harbor. And so much of theactapproved
August thirty-one, eighteen bundled and fifty-
two, and the act approved March third, eighteen
hundred and fifty-three, relative to the rebuilding
of the lighthouse on Minot's Ledge, as are incon-
sistent with the provisions of this act, are hereby
repealed.
Approved, March 27, 1854.
No. 7.—Joint Resolution relative to Bids for Provis-
ions, Clothing, and Small-Stores for the use of the
fiavy.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That ail bids for supplies of provisions,
clothing, and small-stores for the use of the Navy
may be rejected, at the option of the Department,
if made by one who is not known as a manufac-
turer of, or regular dealer in, the article proposed
to be furnished; which fact or the reverse must be
distinctly stated jn the bids offered; that the Lius
of all persons who may have failed to comply with
tHe conditions of any contracts they may have pre-
viously entered into with the United States, shall,
at the option of the Department, be rejected; that
if more than one bid be offered for the supply of
an article on account of any one party either m his
own name, or in the name of his partner, clerk,
or any other person, the whole of such bids shall
be rejected at the option of the Department—and
that copartners of any firm shall not be received
as sureties for each other—and that whenever it
may be deemed necessary for the interest of the
Government and the health of the crews of the
United States vessels, to procure particular brands
of flour, which are known to keep best on distant
stations, the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing,
with the approbation of the Secretary of the Navy,
be, and hereby is, authorized to procure the same
on the best terms, in market overt.
. Approved, March 27,1854.
No. 8.—A Resolution authorizh\g the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay the Expenses of Codifying and
Revising the Revenue Laws.
Resolved by the Senate and Jtlouse of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be, and hereby is, appropri-
ated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, five thousand dollars, or so
much thereof as may be necessary to pay for pre-
paring a general revenue law in accordance with a
resolution of the Senate, passed in January, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-three, and "the
necessary expenses, and that the Secretary of-the
Treasury report to Congress, at its meeting in
December next, the items of such pay and ex-
penditures.
Approved, April 6, 1854.
No. 9.—A Joint Resolution authorizing the Account-
ing Offu ers of the Treasury to adjust the Expenses
of a Board of Commissioners, appointed, by the Ter-
ritorial Assembly of Oregon, to prepare a Code of
Laws.—Also, to adjust the Expense of Collecting
and Printing certain Laws and Archives of the
Territory oj Oregon.
Resolved by the Seyiate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the accounting officers of the
Treasury be authorized to adjust the expense of a
board of commissioners appointed under <f An
act " of the Legislative Assembly of Oregon " to
create a board of commissioners to prepare a code
of laws for the Territory of Oregon," which passed
the House of Representatives on the eighth day
•f January, eighteen hundred and fifty three, and
the Council on the twelfth of January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-three; and to adjust the expense
incurred under another act of the said Legislative
Assembly, entitled " An act to provide for the col-
lection and publication of the laws and archives of
Oregon," which passed the Council on the twfeh-
ty-second of December, eighteen hundred and
fifty-two, and the House of Representatives on
the twenty-sixth of January,eighteen hundred and
fifty-three, and that the just and proper compen-
sation and expense found to have been reasonably
and necessarily incurred, be paid from the balance
of appropriations "for compensation and mileage
of the members of the Legislative Assembly, offi-
cers, clerks, and contingent expenses of the As-
sembly of Oregon/' nowsundmg on the booksof
theTreasuiy unexpended.
Approved, May 3, 1854.
No. 10.—A Resolution for extending an existing1
Contract j'or carrying the Mail in Alabama.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That thePostmaster General be, and he
hereby is, authorized to extend the existing con-
tract for carrying: the mail upon the route between
Montgomery and Mobile, for four years from the
time at which said contract would expire by its
own limitation, if, in his opinion, the public in-
terest and convenience will be promoted by such
extension of said contract.
Approved, May 3, 1854.
No. 11.—Joint Resolution directing the connection
of the Public Surreys in Alabama with the bound-
ary line between the States oj'Alabama and Florida.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the connection of the public sur-
