MM.
veys in .Alataama-with the boundary line between
the Slates of Alabama.and Florida, shall be made
. under the direction of the General Laiid O.fiee.&nd
that the same be- executed as early as practicable.
Approved, June 29, 1854,
■No. 12.—Joint-.JResolvtion explanatory of the second
.sectionof "A.iMesolntion to eslablish.certain. Post
.J&outes," .approved July twelve, one tlwusfind eight
hundred and fifty-two.
Resolved by the Senate and House of-Represent-
atives of the United States- of .America in Congress
assembled,-That thesecond section of.the-joint res-
olution to establish certain post routes, approved
July twelve, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
two, be so construed,as to authorize the Postmas-
ter General to pay a reasonable compensation to
,tbe persons carrying the mail from Valonia
..Springs, by the way of Nineveh.and Coventry.to
Oxford, and from Oxford, by the way of-Coven-
tryville to South Bainbridge, in theState of New
York, from the time the:mail.was directed to be
carried on said routes, up to the time the first con-
tracts went into operation thereon, exclusive of
what has been paid under said resolution, and at.
the same rate.
Approved, July 17, 1854.
No. 13.—A Resolution for the Distribution of the
Works of Thomas Jefferson.
Resolved by the Senate and House of.Represent-
- atives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary, of. the Senate and
the Clerk of the House of Representatives be,
and they hereby are, directed .to distribute, by
mail or otherwise, the works now publishing by
authority of Congress, known as the works of
Thomas Jefferson, in .the manner ..following,, to
wit: To the President ofv the United States, one
.copy; to thelibraries of the different Departments,
of the Postmaster General and the Attorney Gen-
eral, one copy; to each member of the present
Senate and House of Representatives, on.e copy;
. to the office of .the Secretary of the .Senate, five
copies; to the library of the House of.Represent-
atives, ten copies; to the library of Congress, six
copies; to the libraries of the States,and Territo-
ries of the Union, each one copy; to the Smith-
sonian Institution, the Military Academy, .and
the Naval School at-Annapolis, each one copy;
to the Joint Committee on the Library, for the
. purpqse.of international exchange, twelve-copies;
~ to such colleges ahd.literary-and scientific institu-
tions or associations as shall be designated by the
"present Committee on the Library, three hundred
. copies.
Approved, July 20, 1854.
No. 14 —Joint Resolution to fix the Compensation of
the Employees in the Legislative Department of the
Government, and to^Prohibit the Allowance of the
usual Extra Compilation to such' as receive the
benefits thereof,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congi ess
assembled, That the officers, clerks, messengers,
and other employees in the legislative department
of the Government, shall be paid an increased
compensation of twenfyper .cent, upon the com-
pensation now fecMved by them, respectively; and
the messengers of the House of Representatives
shall not recfeive less than is allowed to messen-
gers of the'Senate of the same class; such increased
' compensation to commence from the first day of
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-three; and that a
' sum sufficient to pay the same to the thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, is hereby
" appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated: Provided, *hat
person whose compensation was increased by the
kct approved April twenty-two, eighteen hundred ,
and fifty-four, shall be benefited by this joint res- j
olution: And provided further, That the usual extra .
compensation shall not hereafter be allowed to any
person receiving-th.e benefits of this joint resolu-
tion.
Approved, July 20, 18o4.
No 35.—A Joint Resolution directing the Presenta-
tion of a Medal to Commander Duncan N. Ingra-
ham.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America m Congress
usstmvKu,, That the-President -ofAbe.United-States
be, and he is • hereby, requests to cause -to-be
made a medal,-with suitablei:dwiees, and pre-
sented to Commander Duncan N. Ingraham, of
•the Navy of the United .States, as a-testimonial .of
the.high sense entertained by Congress of.Jii3 gal-
lant and. judicious conduct on-the second of July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three, -in extending
protection to Martin Koszta, < by rescuing him
from illegal seizure and imprisonment on board
■the Austrian war-brig Hussar.
Approved, August 4, 1854.
PRIVATE ACTS.
■No. 1.—An Act changing the Name of the American-
built Simmer Falcon to that of Queen City •
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the collector of customs of the
port of Cincinnati, be, and he is hereby, author-
ized, under the direction of the Secretary, of the
Treasury, to issue a new register, license, or en-
rollment, to the American-built steamer" Falcon,
in the name of the Q,ueen City; -the same being
owned by J. S. Neal.
Approved, January 18, 1854.
j^o. 2_—An Act to change the Name of the American-
built Brig John Dutton,and to grant a Register in
■her name.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the collector of the customs of
the port of Charleston, South Carolina, be, and
he is hereby, authorized, under the direction of
the Secretary:of the.Treasury, to admit to register,
under the name and title of the Emma Eger, the
brig now owned by Mordecai and Company, and
known as the John Dutton.
Approved, January 18, 1854.
3 An Act explanatory of an Act entitled" An
' Actfbr the Relief of Benjamin -S. Roberts.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembledThat the words of the Mt entitled ^ An
act for the relief of Benjamin-S.Roberts, ap-
proved thesecond day of March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, "the full amount of lus-pay, be
so construed as to embrace the pay for emO u-
ments and allowances," m conformity with the
recommendation of Senate report two hundred and
twentv-five, (-225,) on which said act passed both
Houses of Congress without amendment. ■
Approved, January 24, 1854.
No 4 -An Act for the Relief of Lexois H Willis,
late a Paymaster in the Army of the United States.
Beit enacted by the Senate rnd House of Ripre-
senlatives of the United States of America in Congress
TsZbkd, That-the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized, from any money m
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated by law,
o pay to Lewis B. Willis, late a paymaster in the
Army of the United States, the sum of five hun-
dred and ninety-three dollars and fifty cents, that
being a balance ascertained to be due him from, the
United States-by a verdict and judgment tendered
.inthe .district court of the United States for-the
eastern district of Louisiana.
■Approved, January 2V1854.
No. 5, jJn Act for the Relief of William Blake.
Be it enacted by the Senate and HouSe of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America m Congress
asShi, That the Secretary of the-Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to cause the pension
allowed to William Blake on the fourteenth day
of March, eighteen hundred and forty-five, to be
increased the sum of five dollars per month,
that the pension of said William Blake shall be
thirteen dollars per month, and that the said in-
crease of pension shall commence upon and be
from the fourteenth day of March, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-five.
Approved, February 23, 18 4.
joining the Town oj' Prairicdu Chitn, in-the:State
of -Wisconsin-. - - - ■ -" 5
Be it enabled by the Senate and House of .Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Utingress
assembled, That the title of'Hercules L." DtrtiOTJan
to farm Jpt number thirty-two,, adjoining thg-toiwi
of'Prairie ;du Chi en, in- the State of Wi.-lcorrsfrt,
supposed-To contain one hundred and thitt^ aires,
more or less, be, and the same is here^y', 0(/n-
■firmed-, and that a patent shall issue ther^for-asi^
othercaees: Provided, That this is (vt>ly lo-opfcttate
as a relinquishment on the part of the'United
States of her title to said land. • ■ - •
Approved, February 23, 1854. '
No. 7.—Act for the Relief of Adam.D. Sttyurt,
' Paymaster of the United States Armij._ ,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America.in Ct>ngrps
assemWei!,-That the Secretary of Treasury
cause to be paid to Adam D.Steuart, a paymaster
of the United, States Army, the sum of one, hun-
dred and,"fifty dollars, the same 'being, the.Amwjnt
paid by said Steuart, as,af$e to As&lsyjaBd.Rtggb,
for prosecuting a suit at law for the
the sum,of two thousand dollars in.£pme,,#tWgn
from on bpard the steamboat Tom wiipe
the said specie was in his charge,,wid,bein§.f|M#i-
norted for account of the United,.States ;to,Ltt£je
Rock, in the State of Arkansas, in: thejmgmltjQf
June, in the year one thousand eight,hUi?Wf|%an(l .
thirty-four.
Approved;-March 1, 1854.
No. 8.—An Act for the Relief of Mrs. Elizabeth C.
.Smith, of Missouri■
Be it enacted by the Senate and House ofJUfre-
sentatives of the United Slates uf Amerm-in C°mx& 
assembled, That the proper accounting officers,-of
the Treasury be,,ai*d they are hereby ,.authoEJggd
and directed its jja y tQ>M.rs..- Elizabeth G. SjwAb,
of Missouri, for -her services-as a private in Pal-
tain JHoleshider's company D, of.Cc>J^Fiet;f(ji«I-
nin's regiment of Missouri infjintry, voltitters,
(from the sixteen.tjrof September,.
dred and forty-seven r-to -the fourteenth of May,
eighteen -hundred -and foriy-ejgh^in. w. iph.s j>e
served during that time, in male attire, and tinder
the-Jjssumfid n^me.sf "-Bill New«>m ' .«sSw<;11
as three months', extra-pay. pWi&d .for J>y!tl§e
fifth section of the act approved nwete?Mt\ 4!#y.
eighteen hundred and./brt-y-eight,, fhe %B?e
j-nianner a's-if she had- been prop.erly;mustep3 pd
I'resrularly discharged. . . ... .
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted,t Ttot. the S.ep-
retaryof the Interior be, and he is hewby. Au-
thorized and directed to -issue to ;Mj .
C Smith, of Miasouri^a_warrant for one hundred
vand--sixty a^ef of,la« d,4n accord,aBce ^ith.{^e
'ninth se'cUon of thXact.^proVef eleventhTebru-
aCY*. eighteen hundred and forj,y,-seven,/or her
'Sices as recited in the forego^g dectioh.of;this
act, in the same manner as if she m S'efyed^t
the full term'of her enlistment. , .
Approved, March 1, 1854. ;
g. J}n Act for the Relief of AUen.G. JbhksQp.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Jfoifse^
sentatives of the United States
assembled, -That the Secretary of the Treasury ?e>
and he is hereby, authorized.and direQted
to be paid to Allen Gr. Johnson, of* |jhe ^
Florida, the value of certain subsistence stores,
turned over by hill),-as captain,of a
mounted Florida militia, at the Unje pf^if. JeiBg
mustered out of service, on the sixth day of Jan-
,uaw, e.igh^n hundred andJ^rty, atg^Bs|Uy ,
TVfferson co,unty  Florida, to J. i>. tms,;a ^u^r
fSerjn"he^ervice .of the United
not .credited to.hi,m by the said CoUins, in h s re
-turns to the.Treasury Department,k.he amomiyo
paid not to .exceed the .sum of one..ht^n,dre%88a
thirty-sevens dollars and-twenty-three cej|_ts. - „
;?Aj?proyei>4. Marph 1,1B54.
No. 10.-
-An Act for the Relief of
. ton. -
Be it enacted by the Senate
«ri Wives of the United States of AfWWft.™ OMmf 
ZeM, That Mary C.
