1466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
what they have done—tender suitable apologies to
this House.
1 have not thought it necessary to say anything
in reference to the merits of the original contro-
versy between thetwo gentlemen. I know nothing
about it, and the House has nothing to do with it.
We should confine ourselves to what occurred
in our presence, and not inquire into the merits
of any controversy which may unfortunately exist
between these gentlemen.
Considering,then, Mr. Speaker, that heretofore
legislative bodies in this country and in England
have seemed to be satisfied with the atonement
offered by the members offending; in view of the
fact that similar rases of disregard of the rules and
order of this House have occurred even in the
present Congress, and have been passed by alto-
gether unnoticed by this House; in the hope, too,
that some means may be soon devised by which
these occurrences may be prevented in future, and
by which membeis may be apprised of the re-
sponsibilities they may incur, and in consideration
of the fact that both thesegentlemen have tendered
apologies, which 1 must regard 
Mr. WHEELER, (inteirupting.) I wish to
a.sk the gentleman a question. I understand from
one of those gentlemen that deadly weapons were
drawn yesterday. Has that ever been done before5
Mr. MILLSON. I know nothing personally
of the fact. I will, however, state, as the gentle-
man asks me- the question whether it was ever
done before, that, 
Mr. WHEELER, (interrupting.) Have you
found any precedent of that kind?
Mr. MILLSON. In some of the cases which
I have already ailuded to, some of the parties
drew their swords on the floor of the House of
Commons.
I beg leave to withdraw my resolution.
Mr. McMTJLLiN. I object to the withdrawal
of the resolution.
The SPEAKER- The gentleman has the right
to withdraw it.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I beg leave to re-
new it.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I debire to inquire of the Chair
how this resolution got before the House5 1 un-
derstand the resolution has been withdrawn by
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Miilsont;}
and if it is not in otder for the gentleman [Mr.
McMui.un] to introduce it u^am, 1 object to the
introduction of it, and insist upon the regular
order of business.
The S3PEA IvKR. The resolution itself involves
a question ol privilege, and it is in order.
Mr. ClIAIVinKRLAlN. I ri.se for the pur-
pose of iiHjiuimg whether the resolut ion was pre-
sented to thr llou^e, or whether it wns only read
at the Clei k's desk for information? I did not
understand that it was presented to the House.
The XPKA K ER. The gentleman from Virginia
presented the resolution, and withdrew it, as he
had the iight to do.
Mr. MILLSON. My own purpose in offering
it was to enable me to address to the House, in
order, my remarks, which would otherwise have
been out of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia stated that his purpose, in offering it, was
that he might address the House in order. The
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. McMmi.in] has
the floor.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman from Virginia
will allow me, I would say that I hope he will not
renew the resolution. The scene of yesrteiday
was a pamful one; but the gentlemen have come
forward this morning and tendered an apology to
the House, and { think, looking to the precedents
set many years a^o, that the House would pei-
haps be chargeable with treating those gentlemen
harshly, if it were to carry this investigation any
further.
I think the House is disposed to let the matter
rest at the point at which it has now arrived. I
shall on Monday make an attempt to introduce a
rule, which, if adopted, 1 think will operate,to a
certain extent, as a corrective in future in refer-
ence to the occurrence of such difficulties. I hope
my fru-'id from Virginia will not press his resolu-
tion at this time.
Mr, MciViL'LLIN, I am not clear as to the
correctness of my views upon this question. 1
am ftee to confess that I did not hear—although,
perhaps, 1 did not hear what the gentleman said
very distinctly—that explanation which was suf-
ficient to satisfy my mind in reference to this mat-
ter. I think it was due to both these gentlemen
that the matter should have been referred to a com-
mittee for investigation. I confess, very frankly,
sir, that I am not entirely satisfied with the ex-
planations which have been made by these gentle-
men. I am the last member in this House who
would desire to see the rules of this House vio-
lated.
. 1 am free to admit that I am liable, from the im-
pulsiveness of my nature, to become involved in
such difficulties as much as any other member of
the House; but, sir, if I violate the rules of the
House, I desire to be dealt with by the House in
the same manner that I wish to see any other
members dealt with.
But, sir, I find there is a difference of opinion
among the members around me in reference to the
policy of withdrawing the resolution first offered
by my colleague from the Norfolk distiict, and
now renewed by me. Many gentlemen concur
with me in the opinion that the matter between
the gentlemen from Tennessee ought to go to a
committee. But I will not consume the time of
the Houselongerbyany further remarks. Having
expressed to the House my views upon the sub-
ject, I will relinquish my purpose of pressing a
consideration of the resolution, and, at the instance
of the gentleman from South Carolina, withdrawn.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 ask the House to allow me
a single moment. I wish to give notice that if the
resolution which my colleague [Mr. Orr] has
indicated, is introduced, I shall offer the following
as an amendment:
Resolved, That any member who brings into the House
a concealed weapon shall foo expelled by a two thud vote.
Resolved, That the Sergcant-at-Anns, shall caiw to be
erected iack ni the rotunda, when; members who are ad
dieted to the canying of concealed weapons shall be re
quired to place them before entering ihis Flail, and that
they .shall he exposed to ihe inspection ot the curious as
long a* the men are employed m legislation.
The reading of the resolutions was greeted with
much applause and laughter.
ANOTHER PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WASUMJRNE, of Illinois. F ask the
attention of the House for a single moment to a
matter of personal explaimtion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to any further per-
sonal explanations.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Just one word.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNK. I trust the gentleman
will do me the justice to withdraw his objection.
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir; I do not withdraw
my objection.
(Ciies of"Oh! withdiaw it!"]
Mr. SEWARD, i withdraw my objection, if
the House seems curious to hear the personal ex-
planation.
Mr. CH AST A IN. I renew the objection.
Mr. WASIIBURNE. By whom is objection
made?
The SPEAKER The gentleman has no right
to put such an interrogatory to the Chair.
Mr. CHASTA1N. 1 make the objection, sir;
and for good reasons.
superintendence national armories.
Mr. KEITT, by unanimous consent, from the
special committee on the superintendence of the
national armories, submitted a minority report
on the subject; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be punted.
CLERK FOR POST OFFICE COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER. On the resolution allowing
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
a clerk, the main question has been ordered to be
now put. The yeas and nays have also been or-
dered on its adoption.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 96. nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C Allen, Willis
Allen, Appleton, Ashe, l)avid J. Bailey, Thomas II.
Bayly, Karksjale. Barry. Bennett, Breckinridge, Bridges,
Car iilher->3 Chamber lain, Chandler ('bantam, Clmtchw ell,
Ciark, Chngman, Cook, Curtis, Dawson, Do Wiir, Dow-
dell, Drum. Eddy, EdmamK, Edmundson, Thomas 1).
El tot, Eveiiiait, i'aiiey, i' loience, (iidding*, (ioode, Good-
rich. Greenwood, Grow, Wiley P. lJains, Halting?, Hill
ver, Howe, Hughes Hunt, Dairief T. Jones, J. Oianev
Jones, Roland Jones. Kent, Kerr. Kidwell. Kurtz. Lfuni>,
Latham, LimJley, McDotigaM, >Iae\, Maxwell, Million,
Noble, Norton, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, On, Packer, Par-
ker, Powell, Puryear, Ree^e, David Ritchie, Thomas
Ritchey, Rowe, rihaw, Showei, Singleton, Gctrtt Smith,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R SinMh,
GemW. Sm\th, Fr<. denck P fcStanton, Riclmrdll. Stan-
ton, Alexander II. Stephens, David Stuart, John J. Ta\ lor,
Thurston, Tweed. Upturn, Vail, Walker, Wallev, Ellihu
B. Wa-hbu no, Wells, Witfc, Daniel B. Wnght, ilen-
drtok U. Wriahtj Yatm, and ZolhcotFer—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Belcher, Bocock, Boyce, Campbell,
Carpenter, Chusman, Cobb, Colquitt, Coiwiu, Cuiloin,
Cummins:, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dunham, East-
man, Ellison, Ethend^e, Flagler, Fuller, Hamilton, Aaron
Ilarlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Hayison, Haven, Hendticks,
Henn, Ingersnil, George W. Jones, Knox, McCulloch,
McMullm.Mayall, Middleswaitb, Morgan, Peck, Pemnng-
ton, Phelps, Pratt, Pnngle, Ready, Rnrthi, Ritssell, Sapp,
Sewaid, Skelton, Nathaniel (J. Taylor, Tracy, j rout, Yan-
sant, Tapnan Wentworib, and Wheeler—51.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BENTON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported a bill,
which was read a first and second time by us title,
as follows, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed:
A bill for the relief of Don Juan Vigil, of New
Mexico.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended; and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union.
[Here several messages were received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Sidney
Webster, his Private Secretary.]
Mi. HOUSTON. [ suppose these messages
ought to be disposed of at once, and I theiefore
withdraw the motion to go into committee.
THE GADSDEN TREATY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, then
laid the following message before the House:
To the House of Representatives :
I have iceeivcd inioi mat ion that the Government of Mex-
ico lias agreed to the several amendments proposed by the
Senate to ihe Uealy between the United States and the Re-
public of Mexico, signed on the 3l)th of December la«-t, and
has authorized it  Envoy Extraordinary to thi^ Government
to exchange the ratifications thenot. The time wulun
which the ratification:* can be exchanged, will expire on
the Mth mutant.
There is a provision m the treaty for the payment bv tin;
United States to Mexico ol the sum of .^7,()(K),u<H) on the
exchange ot latifieations, and the lurihet sum ot <$,000,(HH)
when the boundaries o| the ceded terutoues shall be Mt-
tled. To be enabled to comply with the stipulation, ac-
(otding to the terms ot the ticaty lel.uive to the payments
thciein mentioned, it will be necessary that Congress
should make an appiopruttion of ^'7,(I00.6u() tor that pur-
pose, bel'oie the yoth instant, and also the further sum of
.5^,()6u,000, to bo paid when the boundaries shaM be estab-
lished. I therefoie ipspeetfully lequest that these sums
may be put at the disposal of the Executive
I herewith transmit to the House of Representative-* a
copy of the said treaty.
FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Washington, June SO, 1N54.
Mr. HOUSTON, I move to refer the commu-
nication to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and that it be printed; and upon that motion 1 de-
mand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was thpn taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's motion; and it was agreed to.
EXPULSION OF THE GREEKS FROM CON-
STANTINOPLE.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House a
message from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report from the Secretary of State,
with accompanyingdocuments, in compliance with
a resolution of the House introduced the 3i)th ul-
timo, and containing the speech of the American
Minister at Constantinople upon his presentation
to the Grand Turk, and the correspondence of the
Minister touching the expulsion of the Greeks at
Constantinople.
The communication, on motion, was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and oidered
to be printed.
foreign intervention.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
message from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report and accompanying papers,
from the Secretary of State, in answer to a reso-
lution of the House introduced the 24th of April
last, requesting the President to communicate to
the House, if, in his judgment,not incompatible
with the public interests, the instructions referred
to by President Monroe in his annual message,
as to the right of foreign nations to interfere in
the alfairs of this continent.
