1854.
THE ' CONGRESSIONAL" GhOSEF
officers and other persona, as well as the proper
rolls of the company to which he belonged; and
the Secretary of the Treasury is directed to pay,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to said Parton, such sum of money
as may be found to be his due.
Approved, April IS, 1854.
No. 28.—An Act for the Relief of John Gasman,
; of Louisiana.
Be it enacted, by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the claim of John Qusman, under
an ancient purchase of the interest of oneRialleux,
and in virtue of ancient and continued possession
for more than a third of a century, be, and the
same is hereby, confirmed to a certain tract of
land, fronting, on the north, the Bayou Bonfouca,
in township nine south, of range fourteen-east,
in the Greensburg land district, Louisiana, and
embracing fractions of sections nine, ten, fifteen,
seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-
three, twenty:six, twenty-seven, twenty-eight,
thirty-two, and thirty-three, and sections sixteen,
twenty-one, and twenty-two, according to a sur-
vey executed by one Joseph Troskolowski, as
represented on a plat accompanying the petition
of the said Gasman, it being the intent of this act
to recognize the claim of the said Grusman to all
of the said land referred to, embracing the school
section: Provided, The school authorities accede
to the same, and will take other land in lieu of
said school section, which they are hereby author-
ized to do: And provided further, That this act
shall only operate as a relinquishment forever on
the part of the United States to the said lands,
and shall not interfere with adverse valid rights of
others, if such exist, to any part of the land em-
braced in the claim arid survey, aforesaid^
Approved, April 20, 1854.
No. 29.—An Act for the Relief of Mary Deany,
Widow of the late Lieutenant James A. Deany, of
the United Stales Army.-
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, required to place the name of
the said Mary Deany upon the pension rolls, and
cause to be paid to her the sum of fifteen dollars
per month, for the term of ten years, commencing
January first, Anno Domini one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-thfee: Provided, That in case of
the marriage or death of the said Mary Deany,
the pension hereby granted to her shall be paid to
her two children, or the survivor of them under
sixteen years of age.
Approved, April 20, 1854.
No. 30.—An Act for the Relief of William B.
Edwards.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, required to place the name of
"William B. Edwards on the pension roll, at the
rate of eight dollars per month, to commence on
the first of January, eighteen hundred and fifty,
and continue during his natural life;
' Approved, April 20, 1854.
No. 31.—fin Acl for the Relief of the Legal Repre-
sentatives of Isaac P. Simonton.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Honsiof Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of eight hundred dollars
be paid to the legal representatives of Isaac P.
Simonton, under the direction of the Secretary
of War, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, on due and satisfactory
proof being furnished that the clairn of Isaac r. ,
Simonton for said sum in schedule B, annexed to
the treaty with the Saginaw band of Chippewa
Indians, on the fourteenth of January, eighteen 1
hundred and thirty-seven, has regularly and le-
gaily descended to them.
Approved, April 20, 1854.
BTo. 32 —An, Act for the Relief of Grafton Baker.
lie it enacted by the Senate and I-louse^ of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to pay to Grafton
Baker the Sum .of three hundred and sixty-six
dollars and fifty cents; which payment shall be
in full for services rendered and expenses incurred
by said Baker, as bearer of dispatches from the
Governor of New Mexico to the President of the
United States, in the year eighteen hundred and
fifty-two.
Approved, May 3, 1854.
No. 33.—An Act for the Relief of Fayette Mausy
and Robert G. Ward.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, directed to
credit the judgment obtained by the United States
against Fayette Mauzy and Robert G. Ward, in
the district court of the United States for the
eastern district of Virginia, amounting to six
hundred and fifteen dollars sixty-two and a half
cents, with interest from the second day of April,
one thousand eight hundred and forty-one, with
the amount certified by the said court to have been
improperly paid by Robert G. Ward, one of the
defendants in a suit in chancery, wherein the
United States were complainants, and John Mor-
rison and others defendants, the amount being
four hundred and ninety-nine dollars and ninety-
seven cents, with interest on three hundred and
sixty-six dollars seventy-seven cents, from the
eighteenth day of September, one thousand eight
hundred and forty, the same having been certified
by the court as justly due by the United States
to the said Robeit G. Ward.
Approved, May 10, 1854.
No. 34.—An Act to change the Mime of the Bark
Abeona to Mount Vernon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States qfAmerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to issue to the owners
of the bark Abeona, of New Orleans, a register
under the name of Mount Vernon.
Approved, May 10, 1854.
No. 35.—An Act for the Relief of the Legal Represent-
atives of Captain William Davis, late Commander
of the United States Transport Schooner Eufaula.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House qf Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be paid to the legal repre-
sentatives of Captain William Davis, late com-
mander of the United States transport schooner
Eufaula, three hundred and sixty dollars, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, m full compensation of all claims against
the United States for and on account of the wages
or services of s&k! William Davis as commander
of said transport. ,
Approved, May 10,1854.
No. 36 .—An Act for the Relief of the Heirs of An-
thony G. Willis, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Gongi ess
'assembled, That there be paid to the executors or
administrators of Anthony Gr. Willis, deceased,
the sum of two hundred and fifty-one dollars, as
compensation for the use by the United States of
a wagon and team, the property of said Willis,
deceased, during the last war with Great Britain.
Approved, May 10, 1854.
steamer having been'conderfined as unseaworthy,
and sold in a Brazilian port, but now lying at t|8';
port of New Orleans, and owned by an American
citizen. ...
Approved, June 22,1854. - '  '
No. 39.—An Acl for lite Relief of the JVidou) and
Heirs of Elijah Beebe.' ' '
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howe" of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury"b'ej
and is hereby, directed to pay to the widow and
heirs of Elijah Beebe the sum of three thousand
and sixteen dollars, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the same
being the amount of principal adjudged to be
justly due and owing to the said widow and heirs
of Elijah Beebe, from the confederated tribes of
Sac and Fox Indians, by Hon. Henry Dodge,
Governor of Wisconsin Territory, and ex officio
superintendent of Indian affairs, by his original
certificate, number eight, (No. 8,) and given at the
superintendency of Indian affairs for the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin, Mineral Point, July seven,
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven;
Approved, June 22, 1854.
No. 40.—An, Act for the Relief of Thomas Frazer.'
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repri- .
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior is
hereby directed to increase the pension of Thomas
Frazer, of Hartford, Maine, whose name is now-
on the roll of invalid pensioners, and to pay to
him during his natural life eightdollars per month,
from the first day of April, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-three, instead of two dollars and
sixty-six cents monthly, which he now draws.
Approved, June 22, 1854.
No. 41.—An Act for the Relief of Captain E. A.
F. Ldvallelte, of the United States Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of two hundred and forty-
six dollars and sixty-seven cents be paid to Elias
A. F. Lavallette, a captain of the United States
Navy, out of any money in the Treasury of the,.
United States not otherwise appropriated, the sai^
sum being the amount paid by tfte said Captain
Lavallette to Lawrence Cardona, who acted as
interpreter to the forces under Captain Lavallette
while he was discharging the duties of civil and
military Governor of Mazatlan, in Mexico, from.
October, eighteen hundred and forty-seven, W
June, eighteen hundred and forty-eight.
Approved, June 22, 1854.
No. 37.—in Act for the Relief of Benjamin Rowe.
Be it enactcd by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and is hereby, required to place the name of Ben-
jamin Rowe on the pension roll, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, to commence on the first
day of January, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-four, and to continue during his natural life.
Approved, June 22, 1854.
No. 38. An Act to authorize a Register to le issued
to the Steamer El Paraguay, by a new name.
Be it enactcd by the Senate and House qf Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
I assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
; and hereby is, authorized and directed to cause to
I be issued a register to the American-built .steamer ;
! El Paraguay, by the name of V. H. Joy, the said '
No. 42.—An- Act for the Relitf of PrisdUa C.
Simonds.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre'
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, directed to
pay to Priscilla C. Simonds the sum of four hun-
dred and eighteen dollars, being the value of the
property of the late Captain Moses H. Simonds,
which was taken possession of by authority of the
United States. " .
Approved, June 29, 1854,
No. 43-—-An Act for the Relief of Zadoc C. In-
ghram.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and
he is hereby, authorized and directed to cause
Zadoc C. Inghram, late postmaster at Wapeflo,
Iowa, to be released from a judgment obtained
against him by the"United States, in March, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-nine, for the sum of three;
hundred and eighteen dollars and eighty-seven
cents, and all interest and costs.
Approved, June 29, 1854.
No. 44.—An Acl for the Relief of Moses Olmstectd.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americavi Congress
assemhkd, That the Secretary of the interior be
authorized and directed to place thenameofMoses
Olmstead on the list of invalid pensioners, and pay
hint, during his life, a pension of eight dollars per
month; said pension to commence on the twentieth
