1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
757
No objection being made, the memorial was
received, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
CHEAP OCEAN POSTAGE.
Mr. SKELTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to present the joint resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of New Jersey with
reference to cheap ocean postage.
There being no objection, the resolutions were
then received, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
They are in favor of a reduction in the present
rates of ocean postage to the uniform charge of
ten cents for the mere transportation of a single
letter from any port of the United States to any
port beyond the sea at which the American mail
packets may regularly touch.
JOURNAL OF THE EXPLORING EXPEDITION.
Mr. DICKINSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to allow me to offer the follow-
ing resolution.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Joint Committee on the Library in-
quire into the expediency of replacing the volumes of the
Exploring Expedition which were lost by the burning of
the Library, and of the reporting a joint resolution for the
printing of an extra number of copies of the work on tile
Exploring Expedition, and for such distribution in the con-
gressional districts as they m.ty deem pioper.
The question was taken; and the resolution
was agreed to.
ARMS TO THE STATES.
Mr. PRATT. I ask the uriauimous consent of
the House to offer a joint resolution relating to the
distribution of arms to the States. I move that it
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and that it be printed.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection, it
is so ordered.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is House bill No. 46, being the Indian appropria-
tion bill reported to the House from the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union on Fri-
day last, with several amendments.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to have the
amendments adopted by the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union read; and, if
gentlemen require a separate vote on either of them,
they can signify it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
a number of amendments have been proposed by
the Committee of the Whole to the Indian appro-
priation bill. The gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] suggests—and such has been the prac-
tice of the body—that the amendments be first
read over, and any gentleman desiring a separate
vole upon any one of them can rise and so state.
The balance of them, to which no objection is
made, will be voted on en masse.
SALARIES OF JUSTICES OF SUPREME COURT.
Mr. PECKHAM, by the unanimous consent
of the House, introduced a bill, of which previous
notice had been given, to regulate the salaries of
the justices of the Supreme Court of the United
States; which, having been read the first and
second time by its title, was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
GRANT TO INDIANA.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, by the unanimous
consent of the House, introduced a bill, of which
previous notice hud been given, granting a portion
of the public lands to the State of Indiana to aid
in the construction of a straight line railroad from
Evansville to Indianapolis, in said State; which,
having been read the first and second time by its
title, was referred to the Committee on Public
, Lands.
LAND DISTRICTS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. RICE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take up from the Speaker's table
for consideration the following bill;
A bill (H. R. No. lGfi) to establish additional
land districts in the Territory of Minnesota, ,
Mr. ORR. Is it proposed to dispose of tnat bill
now ? , i •.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands it.
Mr. ORR. I hope the Indian appropriation bill
will be disposed of first.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. OrrJ was aware
of the merits of this bill, I think he would not make
any objection to its being considered at this time.
The biil adverted to is one which was considered
in Committee of the Whole during the time when
the House was engaged on territorial business.
It was reported without any objection, and it now
lies on the Speaker's table in a class where it can-
not be reached for some time, unless it be taken
up now.
INDIA.N BILL AGAIN.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would say to my friend
from Illinois that we could have disposed of this
Indian appropriation bill, and got it out of the
way in the time that has been consumed in at-
tempting to put one bill ahead of another. _ I
therefore ask for the regular order of business, in
order that we may dispose of the Indian appro-
priation bill, and get it out of the way of other
business.
The Clerk proceeded to report the amendments
to the bill made in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for separate
votes on the sixth, seventh, and ninth amend-
ments.
The question was then taken on the first, second,
third, fourth, fifth, eighth,and tenth amendments,
on which separate votes had not beeu asked, and
they were adopted.
The Clerk then reported the following amend-
ment—the sixth—on which Mr. Junks, of Ten-
nessee, had asked for a separate vote;
" for expenses of making presents of agricultural imple-
ments ami latming utensils to the Ptiebbi Indians, in the
Territory ot'New Mexico, $10,DUO."
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
The seventh amendment, upon which a separate
vote was demanded, was then read, as follows:
" For expenses of holding a council with, and making
presents of goods and provisions to, the Btdekfeet, tiros-
ventrei, and other wild tribes of Indians, immediately
wiihin or adjacent to the eastern boundary ot the Tern lory
of Washington, and for defraying the expenses oi ennvey-
jiirr a delegation of the chiefs of said tribes to Washington
ci?,', $100,0011."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon that amendment.
Mr. COBB called for tellers upon the yeas and
nays; which were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
The question was then put, and decided in the
negative—yeas 61, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Banks, Bell, Bliss, Carpenter,Chastaitl,
Olmginan, Cook, Corwm, Dent, Dickinson, Disney, Dun-
bar, Eastman, Eddy, Eitgerton. Evcrhait, Fuller, Goodrich,
Green, Greenwood, Giow, Andrew J. Harlan, Kent), lim,
limit Kerr. McDonald, JMcDougall, Macy, Maxwell,
Meactiam, John G. Miller, Smith Millei, Old-,, Mouiecai
> Oliver, Oir, Parker, Pennington, John Perkins, Phelps,
I ]>rin lc, iteady, Thomas liitcliey, Bobbins, Russell, tiabm,
Seymour, Gerrit Smith. Kicliarri H. Stanton, Siraub, John
1 L. Taylor, Thurston, Upbaul, Vail, V\ alker, Wairen, li.l-
hlm U. Waslibnrne, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentwoitli,
Wheeler, and Daniel 11. Wright—61.
j^AYiS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Appleton,
Ashe, Thomas II. Bajly, Barry, Belcher, Bennett, Ren-
son, Bocock, Brooks, Bugg, Campbell, Camthcrs, Caskie,
Clirisman, Cobb, Cox, Cullom, Curtis, John G Davis,
Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dowdell, Elliott, Ellison,
Faulkner, Fenton, Flagler, Goode, Grey.Hamilton, Aaron
Harlan, Wiley P. Harris, Hastings, Haven, Hendricks,
Hibbard, Houston, Howe, Hughes, Johnson, Daniel 1.
Jone*. George W. Jones, ICeitt, Kidwell, Kittredge, Knox,
Kurtz, Lane, McCulloch, McMullin, McNair, Mcaucen,
Matteson, Mautice, May, Morgan, Morrison, Hurray,
Nichols!, Norton, Andrew Ohvei, Peckhain, Powell, Pratt,
Reese, Ituidle, David Ritchie, Ruffin, Sapp, Seward, biin-
mo = Skelton.Samuel A. Smith,William K. Smith,George
W. Smyth, Snodgiass, John J, Taylor, Tracy, Trout \ an-
sant, W ade, W.iliey, Walsh, Israel Washburn, Wells, and
Hendrick li. Wnght—89.
So the amendment was not agreed'to.
The ninth amendment, upon which a separate
vote was requested, was then read, as follows;
To Cherokees residing in States east of the Mississippi
river in full of all demand* under the provisions ot the
treatv of 29th December, 15.*5, and the supplemental articles
thereto of lM March, 18.36, and the treaty ot 6th of August, ,
1646, except the amount of landed !
certain Clierokees for subsistence and removal, $92,l>9.> 19, |
with interest from the 14th Decemlx-r, l^o-3, to time oi pay- i
merit: ProvM, That m no case shall any money hereby ;
annropriated be paid to any agent of said Indians, or to any :
other person or persons than the Indian oi fndiansto whom ,
t is due: Provided also, That the Indian- who shall le- ;
ccive the s:ud monev, tirM ie«pechvelvT a receipt ,
or lease acknowledging the same to be in full of all demands ^
umh-r the atoie«aid ueatte-.
i Mr. HAVEN. Upon that amendment I de- j
I matul the yeua and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put, and decided in the
negative—yeaa 71, nays 8fi; as follows: ^
YEAS—Messrs. JamesC. Allen, Willis Allen, Appleton,
Ashe, Banks, Belcher, Breckinridge, Campbell, Carpenter,
Caskie, Chastain, Clingnian, Cook, Corwin, Thomas Da-
vis, Dent, Dick, Dickinson, Dowdell, Eastman, Eduiands,
Evprhart, Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Franklin, Goode,Good-
rich, Greenwood, Grey, Grow, Hill, Hunt, Keit, Latham,
Lilly, Macdonald, McDougall, Macy, Maxwell, Mayall,
Norton, Orr, Parker, Pennington, Pratt, Pringle, Puryear,
Iteady, Reese, Ruffin, Russell, Seymour, Gerrit Smith,
Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Kichard H. Stanton,
Hestor L. Stevens, Trout, Upham, Vail, Walker, Walley,
Warren, Ellihu B. Waehburne, Israel .Washburn, John'
IIT . .. n< ...  *«T   .U WI'IAlll/ll'
.. —Ilfll, E.1IH1U C.    (ISIIUUIIIC, loi'ivi ,II iioiiunyn " ~ 
Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, Wheeler,
and Daniel B. Wright—'/1.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Thomas H. Bayly, Bennett,
IJen=on, Bocock, Iloyce, Brooks, Bugg,Caruthers, Chand-
ler, Chnsman, Cobbj Cox, Cullotn, Curtis, John G. Davis,
Dawson, Dean, Dunbar, EiWlv. Edserton, Elliott, Ellison,
Fuller, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Hastings, Haven, Hen-
dricks, Henil, Hibbard, Houston, Howe, Hughes, Johnson,
Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Kent. Kidwell, Kit-
tred"e, Knox, Kurt/.,Lane,McCulloch,McMullin,McNair,
Mi'dueen, Matteson, Maurice, May, Morgan, Morrison,
Murray, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Packer,
Peckllam, Bishop Perkins, Phelps, Powell, I'reston, Rid-
dle, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritcbey, Sahin, Sapp, Seward,
Shannon, Sliaw, Simmons, Skelton, George W. Smyth,
SnodTass, Frederick P. Stanton, Straub, John J. Taylor,
John L. Tayloi, Thurston,Tiacy, Vansant, Wade, Walsh,
Wells, Witte, Hendrick B. Wright, and Yates—86.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question then recurring upon ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read a third time, it was
put, and decided in the affirmative.
The bill being engrossed, was subsequently read
a third time, and passed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put; and the latter motion
was agteed to.
THE RESCUERS OF THE SAN FRANCISCO.
The SPEAKER. There is a proposition pend-
ing to suspend the rules, and that supersedes every
other business until disposed of.
The motion, holding over from last Monday, is
to suspend the rules for the purpose of introdu-
cing a resolution, which will bo read by the Clerk.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
" Rcwlvetl, That tlio Committee of the Whole on the.
State ol' the. Union be, and ihe *ame is hereby, discharged
from the further consideration of joint resolution No. 16,
being a ' joint resolution nmmfouiit! the sense ol Congress
towards the officers and seamen of the vessels, and others,
encaged in the rescue of the officers and soldiers of the
Aiiuv. the passengers and the officers and crew of the
steamship Sail Francisco from perilling with the wreck of
that vessel,' and that the same he now put upon its pas-
sage."
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest,
inasmuch as it will require a two-third vote to
adopt the resolution, providing, as it does, to con-
sider a measure making an appropriation, first in
the House, anil without reference to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
that, as a matter of convenience, the House should
by unanimous consent allow the resolution to be
introduced, and then divide upon its adoption.
There being no objection, the resolution was
accordingly introduced.
The question now being upon its adoption, on
a division, eighty-three rose m the affirmative.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, i demand the yeas
and nays upon the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. _
Mr. CAMPBELL demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Vail and Bocock:
were appointed.
Mr. McMTJLLlN. Is it in order to say a word
unon the subject of the resolution ?
'The SPEAKER.. Debate is not m order.
Mr. JVIcMULLIN. Then I hope the House
will not adopt the resolution.
The question was put; and the tellers reported—
ayes 84, noes 46. . .
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
resolution was not adopted.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
The SPEAKER. Resolutions are now in order
from the Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker, I have been re-
quested to make a national move in the House to-
day, and I can sincerely assure members that it
is always a pleasure to me to be engaged m the
performance of such a public duty. I aslc the.
unanimous consent of the House to make the
Pacific, railroad bill the special order tor the third
