1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
144>7
The communication, on motion, was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and or-
dered to be printed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now renew my motion
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committeeof the Whoieon thestateof theUnion,
(Mr. Orr in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of House hill No. 48, " making appropri-
ations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
lc'.55."
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is upon the following amendment offered by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Preston:]
For completing the ciistom-lmubc a! Louh, Missouri,
Siiin.oiio. '
For completing the custom-house at Mobile, Alabama,
,$(>">,<)U .
For completing the custom house at Cincinnati, Ohio,
$4.!,<100.
For completing the custom house at Louisville, Ken-
tuckv, iO.OUO.
For completing the custom-house at Bangor, Maine.
$30,000.
For completing the cu«tom-liouse at Bath, Maine,
§-205t)00. '
For completing the custom-house at Wilmington, Dela-
ware, $12,('()0.
To purchase a fute f<u the custom-house at Providence,
llhode Inland. £24,000.
Debate on the amendment having been ex-
hausted when the committee was last in session,
Mr. BENTON moved a pro forma amendment
to increase the appropriation one dollar, and
said:
This amendment, Mr. Chairman, containing
these various items of appropriation, has been
before the House several times; and 1 think the
objects of the appropriations are well understood
by the House. They come recommended by as
many titles as have ever been given in favor of
any appropriations put into any bill. In the first
place, they come recommended by the Govern-
ment, in the annual message to Congress. In the
next place, they have received the sanction of the
House in separate and distinct votes. They have
also received the sanction and the vote of the Sen-
ate; and they have likewise received the approba-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means. But
we have been very unfortunate in not finding a
suitable place in which to put this amendment.
We are like the guest whom every one is willing
to see brought to the feast, only that there i.s no
chair for him. Let him sit down in whatever chair
he may, he finds that the place is precngaged.
At last we have got now to the civil and diplo-
matic bill; and that is precisely the place where
the original appropriations were made, and is also
the place m which they have been sometimes con-
tinued. We wish, then, to save this chance of J
putting the appropriations into this bill where they i
originated; and if we lose this chance, we are de- '
feated altogether. We can hardly expect to get a ]
separate bill through for this purpose at this late j
period of the session. I have only to say, Mr. j
Chairman, that it requires almost forty-one pages j
of printed matter to comprise these appropuations j
for all parts of our America, except the great '
valley of the Mississippi—except the Mississippi j
river itself—with these custom-houses which are
now yielding more revenue than is collected in
some of the custom-houses of the Atlantic board,
for which large appropiiations are made without
the slightest hesitation.
We hope, Mr. Chairman, that we will not lose
this last chance of doing a little for this great Mis-
sissippi river, which, in the present improved
state of navigation, is actually a prolongation
of the sea; actually a communication with all
parts of the world, m carrying our foreign com-
merce, as well as our domestic commerce. We
hope that that consideration will be sufficient to
induce the committee to legislate these appropria-
tions, which have so often jeceived the deliberate
judgment of the House and of the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, I did not
hear the gentleman's amendment read, nor do I
know what it is J am, however, opposed to any
amendment putting in these custom-houses. The
matter has been discussed so thoroughly here, that
I presume the House understands the merits of it
- as completely as it is possible for it to do. I am
exceedingly anxious to get along with this bill,
; and therefore 1 hope the House witi come to a vote
, on this matter as soon as possible.
; Mr. BENTON, by unanimous consent, then
] withdrew his amendment to the amendment.
; The question recurring on the adoption of the
' amendment offered by the gentleman from Ken-
, tuclty, [Mr. Preston,]
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers.
Trlleis were ordered; and Messrs. Pratt and
' Cas kie were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
i made reports by installments, understood to be—
; ayes 68, noes G6.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for a recount, if
■ there is any doubt as to how the vote stands.
Mr. PRATT, (one of the tellers.) There were
I sixty-eight in the affirmative and sixty-mx in the
| negative, as near as I can make it out.
i Mr. PECK. 1 understand the tellers do not
| report positively.
1 Mr. PRATT. I will say to the House that it
j is impossible for tellers to keep a correct account,
I so long as members, after the votes in the affirm-
! ative and negative are announced,continue to come
! up and vote, one in the affirmative, another m the
negative, and a dozen at a time; some on one
side, and some on the other. No man can keep
an account under such circumstances.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to in-
quire of the tellers if they are able to report?
| Mr. PRATT. I say that, as far as I can make
it out, there were sixty-eight in the affirmative,
! and sixty-six in the negative; but 1 cannot swear
; to it. [Laughter.]
i Mr. PRESTON. I ask the Chair if the tellers
j have not repoi ied?
j The CHAIRMAN. They have made an
i equivocal report. [Laughter.]
! Mr. CASKIB, (one of the tellers ) I will state
i to the Chair that we did agree in our count; but
that, in consequence of the confusion, we were
not so absolutely certain as we should otherwise
1 have been.
i The CHAIRMAN. Then the vote stands
j sixty-eight in the affirmative, and sixty-six in the
! negative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For purchannp a lot on which to build a custom-house
in San Francisco, California, $if>0,ouu.
Mr. Chairman, I will say, in advance, that it is
a matter of great economy for the General Gov-
ernment to buy a lot on which to build a custom-
house in San Francisco. The Government is
now paying $117,()U0 per annum for rent of the
custom-house in San Pranciaco—as follows: for
custom-house proper, we pay $9,000 per month
rent, for appraiser's office, $1,800 per month, and
for three warehouses we pay $fi,000 per month,
amounting m all to $9,800 per month,or $117,G00
per annum in the way of rent, to collect the reve-
nue in San Fiancisco.
Now, then, Mr. Chairman, there has been some
difficulty connected with the title to the lot in San
Francisco on which it was proposed to build the
custom-house. I am pleased to say that such dif-
ficulty is now removed, and the General Govern-
ment can secure a valid tifie to it by paying
$150,000 to the State. The State set up a title to
it, and I think there is no doubt entertained by any
one that she had a large interest in it. The Legis-
lature of California have recently passed an act
ceding its interest to the General Government,
upon the payment of the one half of its assessed
value. Well, sir, the United States appraiser
general, and the president of the board of State
land commissioners, have fixed the value of the
entire block proposed to be ceded as follows: The
value of entire block at $500,000; the value of
the leasehold interest of the United States at
$200,000; and thp interest of California at $300,000.
Upon this question of the value of this block, let
me coll the attention of the House to the follow-
ing message of the Governor of California, and
two assessments inclosed to me by the Governor:
E XKrn'riYE D F P A TIT ME VT« )
Kevicia, Januaiy 16, 1654. $
To the Senate and Assembly, oj C.thluimu:
1 have <he honor herewith to u.ui>mit <i eopv of a com-
munication from tin'r.oani of California Land Commis-
sioner:;, in relation to the pie&ent actual \alue of certain
property in the city of San Francisco, known as the "Cus-
tom Douse JJIock "
The commissioners, it will be s>een, estimate the value
of the pioperty, on which the General Government desire
to erect a cusiom-iiou.se, at $500.00U.
It in proper here to stale that thi.s estimate is deemed by
many well informed citizens very reasonable, ami that
the pioperty at any tune would command a greater amount
in eat.li al public sale.
Five hundn d thousand dollars is certainly a latgo amount
to be at tins time diverted hom the means relied upon to
liquidate the debt of the Slate, and relieve our people ironi
burdensome taxation, and I tberekue hope that tin* State's
inteie>t m this valuable properly wilt not be released by
her agents, until it can be done without prejudice to the
credit oi the Slate ol California and weltare ot the people.
I  view, also, ot the laet that tin.-* property, by solemn
acts of the Legislature, stands pledged lor existing State in-
debtedness, n is at ieas-t questionable whether, in justice to
the cieditors of the State, it can be donated to the General
Government until the debt lor wlneh it has been pledged
shall have been paid.
A huge amount of the existing debt, as is well known,
was incurred by the State m deft nding htr people m the
years 18f>() and 1851 against hostile Indians, the annual in-
terest upon which now amounts to the bum ot $07,495 69.
This* debt, principal ami mteie^t, it i.s maintained,should,
m justice to California, be assumed, m some torrn, duung
the present session of Congress.
The assumption of the wardebtand the restoration oftlie
" civil fund " would, it is believed, place the finances of the
State in a condition to justify the donation of this property
to the Geneial Government, and still preserve inviolate the
pledged laith ol the State.
But should Congress Jail or refuse to sanction the just
claims ot the State, the agents of California, although anx-
, lOtHin this inattei to favor the General Government, ami
I facilitate the erection of public buildings, will be compelled
to carefully husband and judiciously apply all her resources
until her entire indebtedness shall have been paid.
It is true that other Slates of the Confederacy have un-
conditionally released to the Geneial Government their title
to property tor similar purposes, but there is no evidence
that the property so released, as in this case, was of great
value, or that circumstances existed imperatively requiring
the State to guard carefully iier souiees of revenue, and Jo
apply the proceeds in payment of liabilities previously
me urred.
The hi-toiy and condition of California are, indeed, pe-
culiar. Uerexigencie* have hitherto been without parallel;
and in legislating lor her wants*, it is, therefore, char that
we cannot be guided, in all eases, by precedents established,
in the common course of events, m the other States of the
Conledeiaey.
11 is deemed proper, in this eonncchon, to state that the
correspondence horn the Secretary of the Treasury, in re-
gard to the propertj m question, addressed to the Execu-
tive, as stated in a communication presented to the Senate
on the lJth instant, has never been received by me.
JOHN J51GLER.
San Francisco, Camkornia, January 18,1854.
Slit: General Deuver's favor, of date 16th January, is
rec< ived, and we take pleasure in leplying.
.1 tidying from the puce* oftVred for similar property to the
block bounded by Washington, Jackson, San«ome, and
Jlattery streets, m thisciiv, we think that block, with tnle
undisputed and the immediate possession, would In* we,II
woith fioin live bundled and fifty thousand (•$""- 30,000) to
si.v hundred and fifty thousand (.$(jf)U,U00) dollars.
We aie, sir, very respeelfullv, your obedient servants,
PALMER, COOK & CO.
Hon. John Ttict.ER, Governor of StafcoJ California.
| San fraNcis( o, January 16, 1854.
I Sir: In answer to youi inquiry as to the value <>! the
. block in this city bounded by Jackson street on the noith,
[ Hattery sireet on the east, Washington street ou the south,
I and Sansome street on the vve^t, we have to say, that, from
; actual tMileh, with fici/cU titles, around this propeity, it is
I worth at present, in round numbers, six hundred thousand
: dollars. Of couise, if sold now, it would not bring the State
; that amount, in consequence ot the lease ot Palmer, Cook
I St Co. Remove all conflicting claims, and it will readily
i bring the above-mentioned sum.
j Very respectfully, SELOVEit & SINTON,
j Ileal Estate Jluctioiicers,
I Governor Rkjlku.
\ From these communications, it will appear that
i the assessment of the appraiser general of the Uni-
ted States, and president of California land com-
! mission, is not at all lar^e or extravagant. A more
! liberal donation has not been made by any State
: of the Union to the General Government for build-
■ inga custom-house. Why, sir,in 1*432 the Gen-
; erul Government paid $19 35 per square foot for
; a lot on which to build a custom-house, m the
; city of New York; in Boston $17 85 per square
foot was paid, in 1837; and in Charleston, for the
same purpose, in 1830, there was paid $6 G8 per
square foot. But in this instance the State of
; California gives to the General Government a
valid title to a lot for building a custom-house, at
the rate of less than two dollars per squaie foot.
! Why, but recently, for purchasing an assay office
in New York city, we paid $535,UU0 for a lot
, but thirty-five feet on Wall street by eighty-five
feet deep, or at the rate of !8 per square foot.
I Now, then, here is a lot in the very heart of the
j metropolis of the Pacific, amounting to an entire
i block, and facing or. four important streets, and m
