1468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
the very midst of the business portion of that city,
for which the Government will have to pay less
than two dollars per square foot. In a few years
it will be worth to the Government $3,000,000 or
$4,000,000. Will this House refuse to pay this
small, beggarly sum totheStateof California, for
its interest in this lot, so generously conceded by
the terms of its legislative act to the Government?
Why, we pay now a larger revenue in theTreas-
ury than any State of the Union, excepting only
New York. It is probable that Massachusetts
may exceed us, but I doubt it. Is the Pacific
coast, then, to be denied this custom-house, be-
cause California will not give all its interest to the
General Government, after the lucid statement
made of the case by the Governor in his message.
You have already expended near $100,000 in
piling thia block; and, in addition to this loss,
the General Government must continue to pay
$117,600 per annum rent to collect the customs in
San Francisco. Let us see if even this sum will
be denied us.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It seems to me
that it would be better for the gentleman to mod-
ify his amendment so as to direct the Secretary of
the Treasury to ascertain whether a lot in San
Francisco can be purchased or not. The difficulty,
I understand, in erecting a custom-house there, has
been in procuring a site for it. Until we do know
what it is we can do, it seems to me that we are
acting in the dark in making this appropriation for
a site. The information, 1 suppose, could be ob-
tained by the next session of Congress, which is
now very close at hand. When we receive it, we
can act understanding^. It is important that
there should be a custom-house there, and there
will be one there, no doubt, on a pretty large scale.
Mr. LATHAM. We can act advisedly now,
because the Legislature of California has passed
a law ceding all interest in the lot to the General
Government on payment of $150,000. That law
has been signed by the Governor, and is now in
the hands of the Secretary of the Treasury. There-
fore it was I made this motion of amendment.
The interest in the lot can only belong to the Gen-
eral Government, or the State, because it is below
high water mark. It comes within purview of
the law of Congress ceding overflowed lands to
the State. There is no doubt of title in the world.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 move to reduce
the appropriation five dollars.
Mr. Chairman, I know something of this sub-
ject. This particular lot is one about which there
is not the slightest difficulty, so far as the title is
concerned, it whs recently appraised, by persons
appointed for the purpose, at $300,000. The
committee will understand that the State govern-
ment of California has had some little difficulty
about the title to this site. It was claimed by some
that that State ought to give the General Govern-
ment a site for the erection of this edifice. Cali-
fornia could not see any justice in that claim; nor
do I; but the Legislature, after fixing the title to
the lot selected, agreed that the Federal Govern-
ment should have it. It was appraised, as I have
said; and to show the liberality of that State, the
Legislature agreed that the General Government
should have the lot for half its appraised valua-
tion.
Is California to have no custom-house ? Already
an attempt to purchase a lot for the purpose of
building a custom-house there has resulted in
heavy toys, in consequence ofdefective title. Now,
when everything is perfect and complete; when the
sum is half the valuation of the property; when it
is indispensable to public uses that there should
be an establishment of ihis description there above
all other places in the country, will this committee
refuse to appropriate the sum requisite to secure
the site?
I will state, further, that the Fedeial Govern-
ment at this particular time is paying for build-
ings for its necessary uses an amount of rent
which would in tsvo years complete this establish-
ment. As a matter of economy and finance—I
speak advisedly, as having been there, and as
having daily knowledge of what was passing
there—it is important that we should make dispo-
sition of this matter. I do trust thatthis committee
will not hesitate to adopt the amendment of the
gentleman from California; and 1 desire to with-
draw the amendment which I have submitted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from California if the Secretary
of the Treasury desires the purchase of this lot,
or that this appropriation should be made ? Has
he, in any communication made to the House,
expressed such a desire ?
Mr. LATHAM. I will state, in reply to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] that 1
am not authorized by the Secretary of the Treasury
to make any statement in regard to the matter.
I have had several conversations with the Secre-
tary of the Treasury in relation to this subject,
and it was in pursuance of my understanding
of these conversations that I have offered this
amendment. In a conversation which I had
about two months since, in connection with my
colleague, with the Secretary of the Treasury,
upon this subject, he expressed the desire at that
time that the State should relinquish her interest,
in order that we might go on with the building of
a custom-house at San Francisco, if Congress
would make the appropriation. Since that time
the Legislature of California has passed a law
ceding its interest to the General Government,
upon condition that she receives $150,000. The
law has been approved by the Governor, and I
received an official communication by the last
steamer that such is the fact.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not choose
myself to throw any obstacles in the way of the
erection of a suitable custom-house at San Fran-
cisco. I3ut I do think, that we should proceed
upon some recommendation, some data furnished
to us by the Treasury Department, as to what
they can do, and what it is desirable they shall
do. It is desirable at least that we should have
something by way of data from the Secretary,
upon which to base our action, that might go into
the documents of the country.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I now withdraw
my amendment.
The question recurring upon Mr. Latham's
amendment,
Mr. LATHAM demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Davis, of Indiana, and Per-
kins, of New York, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes forty-eight; not a majority of a quoium.
{"Cries of " Count the other side !"]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair, pursuing the
precedent set him, will ascertain whether there is
ft quorum in the Hall or not.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That is not
the legitimate way of doing so. The roll should
be called.
[Cries of u Count the other side!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The tellers will resume
their places, and take the vote.
The tellers proceeded with the count, and re-
ported—ayes 59, noes 46; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will call the
roll.
The roll was called; and the Speaker pro tempore
(Mr. Jones, of Tennessee) having resumed the
chair, the Chairman of the committee reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill, and having found itself
without a quorum, had ordered the roll to be
called, and directed him to report the following
list of absentees:
Messrs. James C. Allen, Wilha Allen, Ashe, David J.
Bailey, Ball, Hanks, Bisseil, Boeock, Bovce, Brook*, Bugg,
Carpenter, Caskie, Chase, Clmgman, Craige, Uullom, Cul-
ling, Dean, Dent, Dick, J)ibney, Dowdell, Diuiu, Dunbar,
Dunham, I'dgertori,Edmund^on, JohnM.nihott, tftheridge,
Franklin, Fuller, Gamble, Oreen, Grey, Grow, Sampson
W. Harris, Wiley P. Mama, Hendricks, Hibbard, lliester,
Ho wo. Johnson, J. (Jlancy Jones, Roland Jones, Kcitt, Kid
well, Kittredge, Lamb, Lane, Letcher, Lilly, L\on, Mac
donald, MeNair, McUueen, Maurice, Maxwell, Mcaeham,
Morgan, Morrison, NichoN, Olds, Packer, John Perkins,
Phillips, Richardson, Robbing Rogers, Sage, Seymour,
Shannon, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, Kuller*, Alexander
U. Stephen*, Stratton, Andrew Stuart, David Stuait,
Tweed, Vail, Wade, Walbridge, Wal«h, Worren, L-rael
\Va«h burn, Wells!, John Went worth, Yates, and Zolli coder.
One hundred and forty-eight members having
answered to their names, the committee resumed
its session.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to permit me to alter the verbiage in
the amendment which I offered.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia has a right to modify his amendment.
Mr. LATHAM. I also ask leave of the House
to have the letter of the Secretary read, which 1
send up to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the better plan will
be to allow the amendment to go in, and let it be
voted upon in the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Here is a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury to the Finance
Committee of the Senate which I ask may be
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
allow the amendment to go in, and have it acted
upon in the House.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Latham was
then read, as follows:
For purchasing a site for the custom-house at San Fran-
cisco, California, a sum not exceeding $150,000.
The letter of the Secretary of the Treasury was
then read, as follows:
Treasure Department, June 12,1R54,
Sir : I have the honor to inclose, for the information of
the Committee on Finance, copies
1. Of a letter from Governor Bigler, of California, with a
certified copy of an act of that State, providing foi the re-
linquishment to the United States, on certain conditions, of
the title of the Slate to the s-quare of ground in San Fran-
cisco which had been selected for the site of the new cus-
tom-house, and on which a large sum has been expended
by the United States to prepare the ground for said building.
A letter from R. P. Hammond, collector of the district
of San Francisco, on the subject of the expediency of the
Government's taking the property on the terms demanded
by the State, and paying the sums necessary to quiet the
title and obtain immediate possession.
3. A letter lrom S. J. Bridge, general appraiser for the Pa-
cific coast, and also one ot the arbitrators named in the act
of the State, giving his opinion of the value of the square,
and of its adaptation to the uses of the Government.
In this connection I must ask your attention to my letter
to youot the 22cl March last, m which I alluded to the large
outlay already made on this ground ; the doubt existing as
to the title, under which the work was directed to be sus-
pended ; the delay which thereby results to the contractor,
tor winch he may claim compensation, and the annual
rents now paid m San Fianciseo, for Government pur-
poses. Under the impression, at the date of that letter, that
California would not release her title to thispropei ty, I sug-
gested the propriety of an appropriation sufficient to enable
the Department to puichase another property, with build-
ings already upon it, for the accommodation of the custom-
house, and other public establishments. The two propo-
sitions are now before the committee, and they will be able
to determine which it will be most judicious to adopt.
The condition m the act of California which subjects the
ground to perpetual appropiiation a« the site of the custom-
house and other Government buildings, and forfeits it to the
State ifotheiwise disposed of, or sold, is a giave objection
to the teims prescnbod, and would, moreover, prevent the
Department, under the joint resolution of 11th September,
1811, liom making the purchase unless special authority be
given for such purchase. Looking, however, at the sub
ject in every point of view—the delay which has already
"taken place, the need of the accommodation proposed, and
thepeihaps larger expenditure which must he incurred if
the Government abandon the contract, and goes elsewhere,
I feel bound to say that I think it will be for the public ad-
vantage, notwithstanding the objectionable restriction re-
ferred to, to accede to the terms demanded, and go on with
the custom-house as it has been commenced.
f must refer, also, to my letter to you ot the 29th Decem-
ber last, which inclosed a letter from Messrs. Hammond
and Bridge, recommending an appropriation of §75,000 for
building an appraiser's store on tile custom-hous-c lot.
U will be perceived that Mr. Hammond recommends an
appropriation for the purpose of compromising with certain
1, persons who claim title to or occupy portions of the lot, and
I' thereby quieting the title and obtaining present possession,
j, liui I cannot think—as these clannantsaie merely lessees,
and the terms of the lease will expire in November next—
1 that anything more is necessary than to pay for the improve-
ments of those who may have taken possession without
claim to title.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
' Hon. R. M. T. HUNTER,
j Chairman Committee on Finance, If, S. Senate.
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I withdraw all
' objection to the amendment.
The question was then taken upon Mr. La-
tham's amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr.SINGLETON, lofferthefollowingamend-
ment:
For buiUtnm ft marine hospital at Vicksbuig, State of
Mississippi, $5:1,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that amendment until we get through
with the custom-houses. I believe there are three
more items yet to be disposed of. Let us get
through with them first.
Mr. SINGLETON. I withdraw the amend-
, ment for the present.
Mr. PRESTON. I desire to move an amend-
ment, but before doing so I will, with the consent
of the committee, state its substance. It is a
proposition reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means in their bill recommending appropria-
, tions for custom-houses, and placing guards around
i the expenditure of the money contained in the
1 said appropriations, making certain rules and
