1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1469
regulations to be observed in such expenditures.
I have no desire to prevent these guards from
being thrown around these appropriates; but, on
the contrary, 1 desire to see the proviso reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means added to the
amendment which has just been adopted, by
which these custom-house appropriations have
been ingrafted on the bill. I presume this amend-
ment will meet the views of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, because I un-
derstand he has been instructed to report such a
proviso to the appropriation for the Richmond
custom-house. I myself see nothing objectionable
in this proviso, and I therefore offer the amend-
ment which 1 send to the Clerk's desk, and ask to
have read.
The amendment was read as follows:
Provided, That none of the moneys appropuated for any
building in and by this act, or by any former act, and now
remamng unexpended, shall be used or applied for the pur-
poses mentioned in this act by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, until a valid title to the land for the site of such building,
in each ra*e, shall be vested in the United States, and until
the State m which such building is to be completed shall in
due form, and in a manner that shall bind such State, re-
lease and surrender to the United States jurisdiction over
the site of such building; and shall also duly release and
relinquish to the United States the right to tax or in any way
assess said *ite, or the property of the United States that
may be thereon, during the tune that the said United States
Khali be or lemain the owner thereof. And that none of th*-*
said moneys appropriated for any building by this act, or
heretofore expropriated lor the pinposes mentioned, and
now remaining unexpended, shall be used or applied foi
the purposes tor which they are appropriated, unless the
same shall be sufficient in each case to complete the build-
ing m such case fulJy, and entirely uccompli-h the object
foi which the appropriation in this act is made. And the
Secretary of the Treasury is heieby prohibited from using
or applying any of the moneys aforesaid in anyone case,
until lie shall have made a contract with such security as
he shall approve tor the completion of the entire building
and work in such case, at a sum not exceeding the sum of
the moneys appropriated and unexpended m such case.
And the said Secretary of the Treasury shall enter into no
contract, either conditional or final, for the putposes men-
tioned in this act, which shall involve an expenditure in
any one case beyond the sums appropriated and remaining
unexpended for such case; and m all oases where suelt un-
expended appropriations shall be insufficient to complete
the entire work m such case, the said Seeietaiy of theTieas-
ury shall suspend all action in reference thereto, and shall
report to Congress on the first day of its session, the condi-
tion of the work m such case, and shall at the same tune
lay before Congress such plans and estimates as, in his judg-
ment, shall be pioper for iho completion of the building
and work m such case.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to amend the bill by
adding as follows:
For improving and repairing the room in the custom-
house at Savannah>5used as the post oftice, ."51,000.
Mr. S. said: In explanation of the amendment,
I ask the reading of the letter which I send to the
Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Post Office Department, June 19, 1851.
Sir: In answer to your note transmuting a letter from
the postmaster of Savannah, Ccorgia, 1 have to state, lhat
it has, as I am informed, been usual in fitting up buildings
to serve the double purposes of custom-houses and post
offices, to finish the interior portions designed foi each pm-
pose, and to place in them all the permanent fixtuies suit-
able lor each branch of business including desks, counters,
tables, and letter and paper cases. The part of the building
assigned to the po-t office in Savannah, so far from having
been furnished with the permanent fixture* above-men-
tioned, was not even floored, and it is now without a floor,
although all the rooms occupied by the custom-house have
been floored. This, the postmaster has justly complained
of, and it has not been in the power of the Department to
aid him.
The only fund provided by law for the administration of
the respective po«t offices, i-s derived from commissions
and box rents. At Savannah, these are insufficient to af-
ford the maximum compensation to the postmaster which
the law permits ; and he could not, theiefore, floor and fit up
hi* office, without diminishing his compensation to the ex-
tent of his outlay. He estimates that one thousand dollars
would be sufficient for the purpose, and I think u ju*t and
reasonable that that amount should be reappropriafed out
of the unexpended balance of the appropriation for the
Savannah custom-house, which passed into the surplus
fund.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES CAMPBELL,
Pobtinabter General.
Hon. James L. Seward, House of Representative*.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move, by instruction of the
Committee of Ways and Means, to amend by
inserting after the custom-house appropriations
the following:
To complete the eimom-houee at Richmond, V'rginia
$150,000,
The balance of the amendment is similar to the
amendment of my friend from Kentucky, which
has been adopted by the committee.
Mr. PRESTON. I suggest to the gentleman
that, by unanimous consent, his amendmentmight
be inserted before the proviso just adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is not necessary
to repeat the conditions of this amendment with
the other also in the bill, but let the same con-
ditions apply to each.
Mr. HOUSTON. My friend from Tennessee
will see that this is a distinct amendment, and re-
quires a distinct vote in the House, and 1 have
therefore reported it as the committee instructed
me.
Mr. PRESTON. I think that we had better
not repeat the amendments m the game lan-
guage.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. I offer the
following amendment:
Tlidt ihe Secretary of tlie Treai-tuy be, and lie is hereby,
directed, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to apply such sum a5? 111 his opinion may be
necessary to complete the building for the custom-house,
post office and eouit house in the city of Pittsburg, Penn-
sylvania, to furnish such building m a manner appropriate
to its uses, and to the improvement of the grounds attached
to said building; and also to pay the two commissioners
who superintended the construction of the caul building
fcuch compensation as the said Secretary shall deem jn^t,
not to exceed three dollars a day each, provided that the
sum as uloresAid to be so expended by the Secretary 01 the
Treasury shall not exceed the sum now remaining unex-
pended of appropriations heretofore made on the said
building
This amendment has passed the committee
every time it has been introduced hitherto. It
asks no additional money whatever.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Does it give the
Secretary of the Treasury power to expend as
much money as he pleases?
Mr. RITCHIE. It confines the Secretary
within the original appropriation; and after all
this has been done, there wilt still be a large bal-
ance left in the Treasury unexpended.
The question was taken upon Mr. Ritchie's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The following clause was then read:
For the annual repairs and fixtures of custom-house" of
the United States, ,5*25,000.
Mr. PHELPS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the follow-
ing amendment: After the word i{ States/5 to
strikeout "$25,000," and insert in lieu thereof
"$30,501 59;" and, at the end of the clause, to
insert the following;
For alteiaiion and repairs ot the custom-house at Balti-
more heretofore made, ami for rent of looms duririgthe re-
pairs on said building, such sum as may, by the Secretary
of the Treanury, be deemed rea«.onablc and proper, said
amount not to exi eed >5,501 5U.
The amendment I have offered explains itself.
It is to pay for repairs that were made upon the
custom-house at Baltimore, and to pay for rent of
a room used while repairs were being made upon
that building.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAVEN. I propose to oiler an amend-
ment, for which, however, I have not the sanction
of the Committee of Ways and Means. All that
1 desire to say in t egard to it is, that it is for the
purchase of the assay office in the city of New
York. I have no particular desire about it, but I
think it right that it should be disposed of along
with these custom-houses that are before the com-
mittee. 1 desire to offer my amendment now,
without making any argument about it, one way
or the other.
Mr. HENN. Before the gentleman from New
York offers his amendment, 1 would ask him to
yield me the floor, to enable me to offer an amend-
ment, which it is proper should come in along
with the custom-houses.
Mr. HAVEN. I withhold my amendment for
a moment.
Mr. HENN. Then I propose the amendment
which I Fend to the Clerk's desk.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
To complete the marine hospital at Cleveland, Ohio,
$25,000 ;
To complete the marine hospital at St. Louis, Missouri,
$10,000;
To complete the marine hospital at Chicago, Illinois,
§8,000;
To complete the marine hospital at Louisville, Kentucky,
S12,500;
To complete the marine hospital at Paducah, Kentucky,
$5,000;
To complete the marine hospital at Evansville, Indiana,
$0,000;
To complete the marine hospital at San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, $40,000; and
To constiuct a marine hospital at Burlington, Iowa,
$15,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. I raise a question of order
so far as this amendment is concerned. It is this:
the latter part of the amendment of the gentleman
from Iowa applies to the commencement of anew
marine hospital. Therefore, it is not in order in
this bill, there not being authority of law to initi-
ate such works.
The CHAIRMAN. That being the state of
facts, the Chair decides that the amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa is out of order. Thiscommit-
tee has no right to originate the building of any
new marine hospital.
Mr. HENN, I would reply thatthisis merely
an amendment containing* appropriations passed
by the Senate in the deficiency bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman from
Iowa state whether there is any new building pro-
vided for in his amendment?
Mr. 3IENN. I must confess there is.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire now to offer my
amendment.
Mr. SINGLETON addressed the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Haven] has the floor. He only yielded
it temporarily to the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. HAVEN. If the amendment which the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Singleton] de-
sires to present has reference to custom-houses,
it is proper that he should have the floor first.
Mr. SINGLETON. It relates toamarinehos-
pital.
Mr. HAVEN. The gentleman's amendment
does nut relate to custom-houses. Therefore I
desire to offer my amendment here.
Mr. HENN. I understand that the Chair has
entertained a motion just now which provides for
the purchase of a lot at San Francisco to build a
custom-house thereon. There was no provision
of law previously to this time for the purchase of
that lot. Now,] want to know by what authority,
under the rules, that amendment was presented
and entertained, while that submitted by me is
ruled out of order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is sufficient for the
Chuir to state in reply to the question of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, that there was no question of
order raised on the amendment submitted by the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Latham,] but
that there has been a question of order raised on
that introduced by the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. HAVEN. I now submit my amendment.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
'Tor the purchase of the lots or parcels of laud, with the
appurtenances, and the buildings thereon belonging, the one
ther« of to th«; Hank of Commerce, and the other thereof to
the Bank ot the State of New York, and particularly re-
ferred to and descubed m two contracts, one with each of
said banks., for the leading and rmJu to (iuicha&e the same,
hearing d;ttP the 19th of August, 1K53, §n,'50,()0!) • Provided,
That before the said purchase is completed, the State of
New York shall ccde to the United States jurisdiction over
slid land and property, and f-.hall by law exonerate the same,
and the property of the United States thereon, from all
taxes, levies, and assessments thereon, whilst the same re-
mains the property of the United Stales*"
Mr. HAVEN. I think that the committee
understands this matter sufficiently well, without
any suggestions from me. It in, therefore, unne-
cessary that I should take up the time of the
committee in relation to this matter. Jt is fully
explained m the report of the Secietary of the
Treasury, who has asked for the appropriation.
The committee has not forgotten what has taken
place heretofore on the subject, nor has the com-
mittee, I presume, overlooked what is stated in
the little book which is on the table called " Fi-
nances." 1 understand that the granting of this
appropriation will be a clear gain to the Treasury
of some two or three hundred thousand dollars.
The rent we are now paying, §56,000 a year for
the two houses, is more than the interest at six
per cent, upon the amount here proposed to be
appropriated.
Mr. CHANDLER. I would ask the gentle-
man from New York if the Committee of Ways
and Means have recommended this appropriation ?
Mr. HAVEN. In answer to the question, I
