1854.
Tffiik CONGRESSIONAL:
such election, and every, such .etection shall bs by
ballot, and by such of the stockholders as shall
attend for that purpose, either in pei^on or by
proxy; and each stockholder shall be entitled to
one vote for each.share of the stock which he or
she may have held, and may continue to hold, m.
hie or her own name, for at least fourteen days
before the time of voting; and the persons having
the greatest .number of votes shall be the directors;
and if it shall happen that two or more persons
stall have an equal number of votes, the directors
in office at the time of such election shall, by a
plurality of votes, given by ballot, determine
which of the persons so having an equal number
of votes shall be director or directors, so as to
complete the whole number to be chosen; and the
directors so chosen shall, as soon as may be there-
after, proceed to elect by ballot, one of their own
number, or one of the sharehrilders, to be their
president; and wheaever any vacancy shall hap-
pen in the said board, of the president and direct-
ors, the same shall be filled up by the remaining
directors by plurality of votes, until the next an-
nual election: Provided always, That the president
of the said company, and- at least six of the di-
rectors, shall be inhabitants of the said town.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That' David
English, Robert P. Dodge, Richard Cruikshank,
William M. Fitzhugh-, Richard Pettit, William
B. Seymour, Adolphus-H. Pickrell,.and-William
Fucknell shall be the first directors of the said
company.; the first named of whom shall.be-their
president, and shall hold their offices until the first .
Monday in June, in the year eighteen hundred and I
fifty-four, and un>il others are chosen in their
places.
,S(:c. 5. And be it further enacted, That m case
it' shall happen at any time that an election for
directors shall not taki place on the day appointed'
by this act for that purpose, the said corporation
shall not for that cause, or for any.non-user.be,
deemed to be dissolved, but it shall and may be
lawful to hold an election for directors 911 any
other day, in such manner as shall be provided for
by the by-laws of the said corporation.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That u shall
and may be lawful for the director's, or a majority
of them, to require payment of the subscriptions
to the capital stock of the said-corporation, at Such
times and in such proportions as they, or a ma-
jority of them, shall deem fit, under the penalty of
forfeiting any or all previous payment or-payments
thereon: Provided, Notice of the installment le-
quired to- be paid shall have been published at least
fourteen days in one or more of the newspapers
printed and published in the said town, before the
day appointed for the payment thereof.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the presi-
dent and directors shall have full power and au*
thority to manufacture, make, and sell gas, to be
made of coal, oil, tar, peat, pitch, turpentine, or
other material, and tobe uaed for the purpose of
lighting the city of Georgetown, or the streets
thereof, and any buildings, manufactories, or
houses therein contained and situate; and to iay
pipes for the purpose of conducting gas in any ot
the streets, lanes, or alleys of the said city: Pro-
Dieted, however, That the said company shall so
conduct the manufacture of gas as not to injure pri-
vate property, or create a nuisance; and that the
said pipes shall be laid, subject to such conditions,
and in compliance with such regulations, as the
corporation of Georgetown, aforesaid, may from
time to time prescribe: And provided further, 1 hat
the right to erect and put up any buildings, works,
or aDparatus, for the manufacture of gas, shall be
gubieet to such terms, conditions, restrictions,and
regulations as the said corporation of Georgetown
may, from time to time, prescribe or direct.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That if any
person or persons shall willfully do, or cause to bs
done, any act or acts whatsoever, whereby the
works of the said company, or any pipe, conduit,
plug, cock, reservoir, or any engine, machine, or
structure, or any matter or thing appertaining to
the same shall be stopped, obstructed, impaired,
weakened, injured; or destroyed, the person or
persons so offending shall forfeit and pay to the
said corporation double the -amount of the damage
sustained by means of such offense or injury, to
be recovered in the name-of said corporation, with
cost of suit in any action of debt, or on the case, to j
be brought in any court having cognizance thereof. .
Sec 9 And be. it further enacted, I hat nothing
in,this act shall'be construed to prevent any per-
bon or persons, nor any incorporated,company,
hereafter to be created, by Congress ,fo$.that pur-
pose, from engaging in and pursuing .ttie.business;
specified-in the seventh section of this aet;, and;
that it shall-be lawful for- Congress, at. any time
hereafter, to alter, amend, or repeal this act..
Sec. 10. And be itfurlher enacted, That nothing-
in this act contained shall h.e construed iq authorize
the said Georgetown Gas-LightCoip party to make,
issue, or put in circulation any bill, draft, check,
order, promissory note, change ticket,or anything;
else promising or agreeing to pay money.,intended-
to circulate as money, or the tendency-of which.,
shall be to circulate a3 money.or currency; and
the violation-of any one of the provisions of.this
section shall be a forfeiture of the charter hereby
given, and shall subject each of the directors.voting
for the same to a fine of fifty dollars."
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That each/of
the stockholders in the Georgetown Gas-Light
Company shall be held liable in hts or her itKii-
vidual capacity for all the debts and liabilities of the
said company., however contracted orincurred, to
be recovered - by suit, as other debts or liabilities,
before the court or tribunal having jurisdiction of
the. case.
Sbc. 12. And be it further enactedj That all right
granted to the Washington Gas-Light'Company by:
an act entitled "An act to amend an act-entitled
'An act to incorporate the Washington Gas-Light-
Company, approved July eight,eighteen,hundred
and forty-eight,'approved August second, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-two," to lay gas mains or
pipes in the City of Georgetown, be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
Approved, July 20,1854.
No. 59.—An Act for the Relief,<ff.ThmvK.Ki Glenn.
Be it enacted by the Senate and IjfimSi of-Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster Genete-l-be/iand-
hereby is, authorized to cause tlle'aocount-' of
Thomas K. Glenn, for carrying the-'mail from:
Raleigh to Roxboro', in North-Carolina, from the-
first day of July, eighteen hundred and fifty-one,
during the time he has been engaged, and to the-
termination of his contract, to be settled.-and paid in
such manner as to correct an alleged-mistake made
in his pioposals: Provided, The Postmaster Gen-,
era) be satisfied of the existence of such mistake,
and that the difference to be paid to the said.
Thomas-K. Glenn, with what he hasalready re-
ceived, shall not exceed the amount of the next
lowest bid, or the rate of two hundred and seven-
ty-five dollars per annum for the term, of the con-
tract, or the actual performance of the service.
Approved, July 20, 1854.
No, GO—An Act for the Relief of Charles Staples.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howe of 'Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,-
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Charles Staples, of the State of Maine, on the
pension rolls of the United States, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, to commence on the firht
i day of January, in the year one thousand eight
I hundred and fifty-three, and to continue during
I his natural life.
Approved, July 20, 1854.
gx An Act to confirm the Claim of Dnsuan
de la Croix to a Lot of Land therein described.
Whereas, in the supplemental report of the re-
gister and receiver at jackson Court-House, dated
twenty-ninth of December, eighteen, hundred and
twentv, communicated to the Senate twenty-third
of February, eighteen hundred and twenty-one,
it is stated that claim number four, in said report,
was "inadvertently omitted in the general report,
made on the eleventh of July, eighteen hundred
and twenty, and presented to the Senate the sev-
enteenth of November, same year; and whereas,
it is considered by the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office that, by reason of said omission,
the said claim is not entitled to the confirmation
contained in the act of eighth of Mky, eighteen
hundred and twenty-two, confirming the general
report of eighteen hundred and twenty:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Ilo.use of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That claim number four, m the supple-
mental report hereinbefore.referred, to? be, and the
same,i£ hereby conihtried to Dusuaii de In Croix, ;
his legal representatives, andi^ss^gng, pfeoiopfy
to th« Spanish survey referred > to insaidclaim.,.,
as fully, in like manner, anflt to' s%nie,,fffeet, as„
if .said'claim had been confirmed to said Dusuan
de la Crorx, his legal represehtayves.^mJ-asstgwt)3
by the.'act of eighteep, hundred .and tw«n"ty.jtjr>}
aforesaid:, Provided, That (His^aiit aftd, cp<$rmft,
ation shall amount only to a reliB.^uishjnent^en the,
pa,rt of the United States of all it® right;and,titl^.>
to the ,lot of land hereby granted and, confirmed.
Approved, July 24,1854-1, _
No. 62.—An Act to Incorporate, the 'Proprietors of
the Glemoood Cemetery.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rejn'C-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress;
assembled, That CharlesB. Calvert, George Parker,..
William B. Todd, James-.C.. MeGuire, William
A. Bradley, Charles S. Wallaeh', Abner Miller,
William Banks, Joseph B. Close, William Phelps,
William S., Humphreys, Randolphs. Evans,and-:
their successors, be, and .they are hereby, created)
a' boay-politie and corporate, by.the narna and ;
title of the proprietors of the " Crier, wood Ceme-
tery in the District of Columbia," and:by- that
name shall have perpetual su^cesstottjABd shall:
•be able and-liable to .sue «jd be sued ifl any coort
of law or equity, may.have arid use- a common.-:
seal, and shall have power, to purchase and hold-
not exceeding one hundred aore^ oflandi in rthe
District of Columbia, north of the limits of the
City of Washington; tpjsell and dispose of such-!
parts of said land as may not be wanted- for the;-,
purpose of a cemetery-. Provided, That)  t .least:
thirty contiguous .aores shall -be forever appro-v,
priated and set apart asa cemetery, with authority;
to said corporation to receive gifts .and be,quests
for the purpose of ornamenting and improving
said -cejjietsryy.awj to hold, such personal property,';
as may be requisite, to,car-ry out the object of this
Sec. 2. And.be it .
fairs of the said corporatiorf'stmll bs. co  <iuSted!b|:B
a president and three, managers, ip ber
elected annually, by a majorityof th^yotSS ofthe.j
proprietors; the said 'presi,dent and managers; to n}(,-t
all vacancies in their own body, and .shall,
power to lay,out and ornament-the groundst„re.-*
mhve and alter old build,ings and erect new ooe8,„
to lay out and sell or dispose of burial lots, .to. ap-;
point all necessary officers and ageV|ts,'aj}"d,fe„
their several duties and, compensation, and tomaj^^
such by-laws, rules, and regulations as they injfy..;
deem proper for conducting the'affairs of the cor-,
poration, for the government of lot,-holders, aiXfc
visitors to the cemetery,'and for the transferror
stock and' the evidence 'thereof. In a|l el^t|Wis ,
held under this act, ea<^-proprMorysh«jT^e/nii-
tled to one vote for each share'held "by him or her.
Sec. 3. And be it further'enacte.il, That the WPj-y
tal stock of said cornpanyshall'be represented' W-
two thousand shares, of-fifty dollars eacgi, ^iviaea
among the proprietors according to thto'regpecrtrte
interests, and transferable in such maimer as tne
by-laws may direct ■
Sec. 4 And be it further enacted^ That no streetsy-
lanea, alleys, roads, or canal s'of any sort',-shall-b«*J
opened through the property oP s«d-toorpofatlStt^
exclusively used and appropriated to the-purposes* -
of a cemetery: Provided, That nothingihwem^on^
tained shall authorize said corporation- to. obstraeU
any-public road or street, or lane, or alley, now
actually-opened and used as- such.
Sec 5. And be it further enacted, That-any per*
son who shall willfully-destroy, mutilate* deface* .
injure, or remove any tomb, momirMM, grave,,
ston*, or other structure-placed in said cemetery*-
or any fence, railing, ox1- work- for protection- -or >
ornament of said cemetery, or any tomb, monu-
ment, grave-stone, ot other structure thereon,- or
shall willfully destroy, cut, break, or-reraoveany.
tree, shrub, or plant, within the limits^ of^sasa
cemetery, shall be considered guilty of a misde-
j mwsor, "and on conviction thereof befetseany pa--
; tice of: the peace of th* county of Washington,
, shall be punished by fine, at the dl3crMio ^!«i8;.
; justice, according to the aggravatron of theofteuae,
I of not less than five, nor more than-fifty doilMa.
! Sec. 6. And be it funher-emffed, lMt-Wt'Wf
I election shall beheld under the-provisioiis.o/-thia-
, act, the four last namedrWf®"® us seofio* first -
- shall be the ma agers-of-6M.corJWr'atl(M1'
