1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
759
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Barry, Bell, Caruthers,
Chastain, Curtis, John 6. Davis,Thomas Davis, Dawson,
Disriey, Eastman, Edgerton, Grow, Hamilton, Aaron Har-
lan, Haven, Hendricks, Houston, Daniel T. Jones, Lilly,
Mattesou, Moigan, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Orr,
Prinaie, Shannon, Gerrit Smith, George W. Smytii, Hes-
tor h. Stevens, Wade, Warren, Wells, and John Went-
worth—35.
So the rules were suspended, two thirds voting
in favor thereof.
[A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting to the
House a communication in writing; also, inform-
ing the House that he had signed sundry private
bills; and also acts of the following titles:
H. No. 14. An act to amend an act entitled "An
act to divide the State of Arkansas into two judi-
cial districts," approved March 3, 1851; and ^
H. 135. An act for the relief of the United
States troops who were sufferers by the recent
disaster to the steamship San Francisco.]
The SPEAKER. The question is now upon
the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. BOCOCK. As this is a resolution of some
importance, and as some of my friends desire that
the preamble should be stricken out, if no one ob-
jects, 1 will so modify the resolution as to leave
out the preamble.
There was no objection,and the resolution was
accordingly modified.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Virginia if this resolution proposes to
limit debate upon the bill to which it refers to any
particular day ?
Mr. BOCOCK. No, sir; it does not. I prefer
to leave that matter to some future time, when the
pleasure of the Blouse may be consulted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
fix some limitation. These other special orders
will commence directly; and there is no earthly
object in making any subject such, unless we can
provide that one shall not interfere with another.
1 hope the gentleman from Virginia will fix some
day for the debateupon this subject to terminate.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 will say, in reply to my
friend from Alabama, that when the House shall
go into the discussion of this subject in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, I shall
propose a resolution terminating debateupon it,
leaving the House to fix its own time; but I do
not wish now, in advance, without knowing what
discussion members of the House may wish to
have upon the subject, to fix any such limitation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind gen-
tlemen that discussion is not in order.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. BERNHISEL obtained the floor.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
territorial libraries.
Mr. BERNHISEL., by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following resolution; which was read,
and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making a small
appropriation to increase the territorial libraries of Minne-
sota, Oregon, Utah, and New Mexico; and that said com-
mittec report by bill or otherwise.
MAILS FROM NEW YORK TO WASHINGTON.
Mr. FARLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolution,
which I think is somewhat national in its charac-
ter. If objection be made I will then move that
the rules be suspended, for the purpose I have
indicated:
Rcsolvid That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Ronds be instructed to inquire whethei greater cer-
tainty, dispatch, and economy, cannot be secured m the
transmission of the mails between the cities ot New \ ork
and Washington, via the cities of Philadelphia and Balti-
more; also to mqune into the expediency of the estabh?h-
ment bv Congress of an additional post route by means of a
railroad, in as direct a line as may be between the first-
named cities, connecting with the other two ; the said com-
mittee to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. LILLY. I object.
Mr. FARLEY. I move, then, that the rules be
suspended, for the purpose I have indicated; and
on that motion call for the yeas and nays-
The yeas and nays were ordered. The ques-
tion was then taken; and the motion to suspend
the rules was not agreed to—yeas 81, nays 74; as
follows;
YE AS—Messrs. Benson, Campbell, Carpenter, Chamber-
lain, Cobb, Cook, Corwin, Cox, Cullom, Cutting, John G.
Davis,Thomas Davis, Dean, Dent,Dickinson, Disney,Dun-
bar, Eastman, Edmands, English, Parley, Flagler, Frank-
lin, Puller, Goodrich, Green, Greenwood, Grow, Aaron
Harlan. Harrison, Hibbard, Hill, Howe, Hunt, Daniel T.
Jones, Knox, Lindley, Lyon, McCulloch, Many, Mattesou,
Mayall, Meacham, Smith Miller, Morgan, Muiray, Norton,
Parker, Peckham, Pennington, Pratt, Preston, Pringle,
Puryear, Ready, David Ritchie, Russell, Sabin, Sapp, Se-
ward, Seymour, Shaw, Simmons, Singlelon, Gerrit Smith,
Hestor L. Stevens, John J.Taylor, John L.Taylor,Thurs-
ton, Tracy, Trout, Upliam, Walley, Warren, Ellihu B.
Washburpe, Israel Washburn, Wells, John Wentwortli,
Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, Wheeler, and Yates—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Marry, Belcher, Bennett, Bliss, liocock,
Boyce, Breckinridge, Brooks, Caruthers, Caskie, Chas-
tain, Chrisman, Chngman, Curtis, Dawson, Dick, Dow-
dell, Eddy, Elliott, Ellison, Everbait, Faulkner, Fcn-
ton, Goode, Hamilton, Hastings, Haven, Hendricks, Henn,
Houston, Hughes, George W Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Keitt, Kidwell, Kitlredse, Kurtz, Lane, Lilly, McMulliil,
McNair, Mcdueen, Maurice, Maxwell, May, Millson,
Mori ison, Nichols, Oir, Packer, Bishop Perkins, Phelps,
Powell, Riddle, Thomas Ritchey, Bobbins, Shannon,
Skelton, Samuel A. Siniih, William R. Smith, Snod
grass, Frederick P. Stanton, Straub, Andrew Stuart, Vail,
Vansant, Walker, Walsh, David B. Wright, and Hendrick
B. Wright—74.
So the rules were not suspended.
CUSTOM-HOUSE APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That House Bill No. -280, reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means, be made the special order
immediately after House Bill No. 52 is disposed of.
That is the custom-house appropriation bill. It
is proposed to take it up immediately after the dis-
position of the bill which was made the special
order for to-morrow, on the motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock;] and, if the
Chair will pardon me merely in the expression of a
remark, that bill has been discussed and amended,
and I am satisfied that we may recur to it and
put it on its passage immediately.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object to the resolution.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move that the rules be
suspended, for the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. PRESTON. 1 demand the yeas and nays
on the motion. Gentlemen over the way have
promised to pass the bill and they have not
done it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAYEN. I should like to ask the hon-
orable gentleman from Alabama if he would not
be willing to withdraw his motion to suspend the
rules, and move to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and take up the
custom-house bill ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I will pursue that course. I
withdraw the motion to suspend the rules, and
move that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MAURICE. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Phillips s
motion; and, on a division, there were—ayes 100,
noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hamilton
in the chair.)
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the bill first in
order upon the Calendar was House bill (No. 48)
" making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1855."
Mr PRESTON. I understood that the object
in going into the Committee of the ^Yhole on the
state of the Union was to take up the custom-
house appropriation bill. 1 therefore move to
postpone the other business on the Calendar, and
to take up that bill. .
Mr. HOUSTON. The practice, I think, is for
the committee to vote whether they will take up
the first bill, if any gentleman objects to its con-
sideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The first bill on the Cal-
endar is No. 48. If there is any objection to
takin? it up, the committee must vote upon it.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. What is the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. It is the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill. _
Mr PHILLIPS, t rise to a question of order.
[ desire to know if it is not in order, when m the
Committee of the Whole oil the state of the Union,
to move to take up a general appropriation bill
without first disposing of the business that pre-
cedes it on the Calendar? '
The CHAIRMAN. A general appropriation
bill is first in older on the Calendar, and the ques-
tion will be put on taking it up.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Does the Chair decide that it
is not in order, in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, to move to take Hp a gen-
eral appropriation bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Then I move to take up the
general appropriation bill for the construction of
custom-houses and marine hospitals.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not a general ap-
propriation bill, in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I appeal
from that decision.
Mr. PRESTON. I think I have the floor by
the recognition of the Chair. Do I understand
the Chair as declaring that the House did not go
into the Committee of the Whole with a view of
taking up the custom-house bill, according to the
suggestion made by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Haven,] and which was acceded to by
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Phillips ?]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inform
the gentleman from Kentucky that the Committee
of the Whole can take up whatever bill it thinks
proper. They have full power to do so.
Mr. PRESTON. I move that we take up the
custom-house bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. PRESTON. 1 object to the first bill upon
the Calendar.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. What bill is it?
The CHAIRMAN. It is the civil and diplo-
matic bill, and the question now is, shall this bill
be taken up for the consideration of the com-
mittee ?
Mr. DEAN demanded tellers, which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Hastings and Vail were
appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 72, noes 70.
So the committee agreed to take up the bill.
Several Members. Read the bill.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to dispense with the
first reading of the bill, and that it be read by sec-
tions for amendment.
Mr. PRESTON. I call for the regular read-
ing of the bill, inasmuch as the object for which
the House resolved into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union has been defeated.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the hill.
After the first section had been read—
Mr. HOUSTON. I again move, Mr. Chair-
man, that the further reading of the bill be dis-
pensed with.
Mr. TAYLOR of Ohio. I move that the
committee do now rise.
The question was taken; and the motion to rise
was not agreed to.
Mr. CUTTING. I move that the further read- •
in°" of the bill be dispensed with.
Mr. PRESTON. Mr. Chairman I do not feel
disposed to interpose any further objection to the
motion, to dispense with the first reading of the
bill; I therefore withdraw my objection.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the first reading of
the bill is dispensed with.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let us commence its con-
sideration, then, by reading the first section for
amendment. _
The first section of the bill was read, as follows:
"Be it enacted, That the following sums be, and the same
are heiebv, appropriated, out of any money in the 1 reasuiy
not otherwise appropriated, for the. objects hereafter ex-
piessed, for the fiscal jear ending the 30th of June, 1865,
a:X"Legislative.—For compensation and mileage of Sena-
tors, $"106,869 80."
Mr. CUTTING. 1 move to strike out the sec-
tion of the bill that has been just read.
Mr. CUTTING. Mr. Chairman, on Tuesday
last, after the morning hour had expired, and the
House had gone to the business upon the Speak-
er's table, a motion was made by the chairman of
the Committee on Territories [Mr. Richardson]
to refer the Senate bill relative to the organization
of a government for the Territory of Nebraska to
the standing committee of which he was the head.
On the othet hand, for reasons which I gave to the
