1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1471
in a protest against it? In whose name, and by
wha' ri-rht, does Pennsylvania protest against this
appropriation ?
This building- for the assay office in the city of
New York is now held by lease. It is an object
of wisdom and economy that the Government
should own it; own it not only for the purposes
of this assay office, but also for other purposes
connected with the interests of the Federal Gov-
ernment. Economy points the way, and the ques-
tion is, will this committee follow ? Or will they
use the misguided judgments of those who, I fear,
for selfish ends, seek to have an assay office in
Philadelphia, and in Philadelphia alone?
I call on this committee, then, to look upon this
matter as one which has been recommended by
the Committee of Ways and Means, and which
has been recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury. Look upon it in the light of a wise
economy, and pass this appropriation.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 rejoice, Mr. Chairman,
for the sake of his people, that the honorable gen-
tleman on my right {Mr. Hughes] has uttered, on
this floor, the word " economy," " true econ-
omy." He says theie seems to be a monopoly
for Pennsylvania. A gionopoly ! Why, sir, the
money which is spent by the National Govern-
ment on the city of New York would have real-
ized the promise of the Incas of Peru to the Span-
ish conqueror; it would have paved Broadway
with gold ingots from the harbor up to its ex-
tremest point.
And while they talk of this monopoly, Penn-
sylvania has voted that the city of New York
should have an assay office. Pennsylvania does
not ask to recall the vote which the last Congress
gave for the assay ofHce; but she asks gentlemen
of this H ouse, she asks gentlemen who speak hei e
as national Representatives—as my honorable
friend [Mr. Hugiies] says he does—to iook a lit-
tle to economy.
We were told, on the floor of this Rouse, that
this building should not cost more than 5100,000;
and when it was stated that the Mint m Philadel-
phia—a large marble building—had cost $250,000,
we were sneered at as a .sort of spendthrifts. An
appropriation of $100,000 was asked for this New
York assay office; and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury—whose economy has been lauded by my
friend on my left, [Mr. De Witt,] and hinted at
by my friend on my right, [Mr. Hughes]—has
gone and taken the ground—though he has not
yet built the house—at an annual expense of the
interest of more than two millions of dollais.
And we are talked to of economy, of monopoly,
of national feeling!
Sir, I say let them keep what they have got;
let them keep their assay office, and all that per-
tains to it; but let the Secretary of the Treasury
of the United States know that this Congress does
not sit still without expressing one word of re-
proof, or—what is moie for a man of feeling—
without a silence which condemns such an fis-
sumption of power; that they cannot sit still and
thus appear not to rebuke him for his interfrience
in behalf of a monopoly which should pour the
treasures of the nation, as it does the influence
and patronage of the nation, into the lap of one
city. 1 come here to ask nothing for Philadel-
phia; I ask nothing for her; hut I ask not to be
sneered at, when millions of the public treasure
are wasted on that city.
And we are told that the question of economy
is involved in this measure. I should blush upon
the floor of this House if I could stand here,
or sit here, and hear such sentiments as those
offered, and not denounce them in tones such
as my feeble voice can give utterance to. We
should let the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States know that Congress is not to be
made the mere recorder of his will and contracts.
Nothing: can take awov the establishment of the
assay office from New York; and no one desires
to do it. But men on this floor do desire to
say to that public servant, "You have gone
far beyond the law, far beyond the customs of
the Department, far beyond what was spoken of
by the friends of the measure, or denounced by
its enemies, far heyond what you were author-
ized to do by Congress." And now, sir, I say
let the matter rest for a time as it is; let the amend-
ment be rejected; let things stand as they are; let
the country see that a wrong has been done, and
though we cannot stop it now, though we cannot
undo the work, we can prevent an extension or
repetition of the evil. There must be some limits
to this extraordinary exercise of power. We
can say, " Thus fui shall thou go, and no further."
Thequestion was then taken on Mr. Hl&hjss's
amendment; and it was not agreed to,
Mr. ROBBINS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment in the shape of a proviso.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
Piovided, hoircvcr, That no part of this appropriation is
to be u«ed, until the Secretary of the Treasuiy has entered
into a negotiation with the lessors of the lot in question to
get rid of said lease, and aKo has ascertained upon what
terms said it can he disposed of, and has* reported the re-
bultof said negotiation to the next session ol Congress.
Mr. ROBBINS. I do not desire to discuss
this question in an improper spirit. I will only
state, what is well known to this body, that at the
last session of Congress £100,000 was appropria-
ted for the purpose of establishing an assay office
in the city of New York. Not only has that sum
been expended, but a contract was made to ex-
pend §500,000 nioiefor the purpose of purchasing
buddings and grounds.
The object proposed to be accomplished by my
amendment is to require the Secretary to inquire
and see if he cannot dispose of this contract, and
purchase a site somewhere else at a much more
reasonable rate. If that proviso is adopted, it wiil
save some two or three hundred thousand dollars to
the Government.
I wish to say that it is not from any selfish feel-
ing in reference to New Yoik that 1 have offered
the amendment, but because 1 desire to save this
money to the Tieasuiy of the United States.
Mr. GUMMING. I do not consider this a sub-
ject for the display of eloquence upon either side;
for gentlemen will have better opportunities fnr
that purpose. For my own part, I do not uphold
the Secretary of the Treasury in the lease which
he took m New York. I think if we can get rid
of it we ought to do so. But it is a mere matter
of dollars and cents.
This lease, of which so much has been said, is
for fifteen years, at an annual rent of ^56,000. At
the end of the fifteen yeais, according as the mat-
ter stands now, we would have neither the land
nor the buildings we might put upon it. If we
should purchase this property for $520,000, which,
I believe, it is offered for, we shall not only have
it for fifteen years, but we shall have it for all
time to come. If the appropriation be not made,
we shall not only pay more than we are asked to
appropriate now, but at the end of fifteen years
we shall have to pay hundreds of thousands of
dollars more to secure the property. It is a mere
matter of dollars and cents; and I do not see how
any man who wishes to consult economy can
object to the amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. But the Secretary had no
authority to make the contiact.
Mr. GUMMING. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury had full authority to lease a lot of giound for
the purpose of an assay office.
Mr. DAWSON. For how long?
Mr. CUMM1NG. For an unlimited time, or
at least for fifteen years.
Mr. ROBBINS. I ask for tellers upon my
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dawson and
Campbell were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 63, noes 56.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. 1 move that the
committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chairman
(Mr. Orr) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had the
Union generally under consideration, and particu-
larly the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, in-
forming the House that the Senate had passed
bills of the following titles:
S. No. 376. An act to improve the naval ser-
vice;
S. No. 408. An act supplementary to an act enti-
tled an " Act to amend an act entitled ' An act to
provide for the better security of the lives of pas-
sengers on board vessels propelled in whole or in
i part by steam, and for other purposes,' approved
j August 30, 1852;*1 and
j S. No. 410. An act for the relief of James Dixon.
! In which he was directed to ask the concurrence
; of the House.]
j Mr. MURRAY. I move that the House do
j now adjourn.
j The motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
| House (at half past three o'clock) adjourned till
to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 22, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a peti-
tion of the half and mixed breed Miami Indians,
praying that their annuities, which have been dis-
continued, may be restored to them, with the
arrearages winch have accrued; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CLAY presented a petition of inhabitants
of Huntsville, Alabama, praying a reduction of the
rates of ocean postage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CLAYTON presented resolutions passed
at a meeting of citizens of New Castle county,
Delaware, remonstrating against the ratification
of any treaty with Great Britain, by which the
agricultural interests of the country would be
sacrificed; which were ordered to he on the table.
Mr. GWIN. 1 present the memorial of John
Charles Fromont, representing that he furnished
certain beef, m 1851, for the use of the Indians in
California, for which he has never received any
compensation, and playing that a law may be
passed authorizing the settlement of his accounts
therefor, upon principles of equity and justice. I
move that itbereferred to the Committee on Indian
A flans; and as it gives a very succinct account of
a matter of great importance to him, and requires
immediate attention, 1 move, also, that it be
printed.
Both motions were agreed to.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES*
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred documents in support of
the claim of Sarah Morey, late the wife of James
Morey, a soldier in the revolutionary war, for a
pension, submitted an adverse report thereon;-
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred a bill to
amend the act approved August 31, 1852, entitled
"An act making further provision for the satis-
faction of Virginia land warrants," reported it
back without amendment, together with a report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,,
to whom were referred five petitions of widows of
officers of the Army who have died in the service
since the war with Mexico, praying to be allowed
half pay for five years, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration, on the ground
that a general bill had already been reported,
which would embrace all their cases. It was so
ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, to whom
were referred a bill to establish a hne of steamships
from San Francisco, via the Sandwich Islands,- to
Shanghai, in China, and also a bill to provide for
the transportation of the United States mails, in
steamships, between San Francisco, California,
via the Sandwich Islands,. and China, and for
other purposes, to report them back with an
amendment in the form of & substitute. 1 am
also instructed by that committee to say that, on
Monday next, during the morning hour, they will
ask for the consideration of the bills.
Mr. RUSK. I am directed by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was
referred a hill to provide for the transportation of
the mails of the United States upon railroads, to
report it back with an amendment. As this is a
very important bill, I desire to give notice that at
an early day I intend, during the morning hotu^
if convenient at no other time, to ask for it the
consideration of the Senate.
Mr. FITZPATRICK, from the Committee on
