1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
761
we could bring the House to a vote upon the Sen-
ate bill.
Mr. CUTTING. It is conceded, then, by the
chaitman of the Committee on Territories, that,
as I have observed, it was his intention to have
discussed the House bill m the Committee of the
Whole on the slate of the Union, and to have
reported that bill after it had been amended.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly.
Mr. CUTTING. That is all I said.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman speaks
of the discussion of the House bill, and not of the
Senate bill. The reference of the Senate bill, as
1 stated the other day, places it in a position
where it cannot be reached. With that bill re-
ferred so that it cannot be reached in the House,
it is very doubtful when we shall reach even the
House bill. The French spoliation bill, and all
the general appropriation bills—eighteen in num-
ber—are ahead of it on the Calendar.
Mr. CUTTING. Do not let us trifle with an
important subject. In the name of God, if you
had discussed the House bill in Committee of the
Whole, amended and reported it, why would you
want to discuss the Senate bill also? What had
the Senate bill to do with it? Of what earthly
consequence was it where it stood? Suppose
there was not merely one mountain, but two of
them, on the Senatjg bills—suppose Pelion upon
Ossa—what then? If you had discussed the
House bill and reported that, of what earthly
consequence was it wheiher the Senate bill were
reached or not? Why, 1 am amazed, upon a
subject like this, that gentlemen should descend
to criticism, and complaints so idle, and without
meaning. When 1 remarked that it was the de-
sign to discuss the House bill, and it was known
that it stood high upon the Calendar, I think
that the assault of the gentleman from Kentucky,
was unprovoked and unjustifiable. It seems to
me that there must have been some other reason,
some other consideration which has evoked the
wrath of the gentleman from Kentucky to so
extraordinary a degree. I thought I observed,
during the discussion, that he appeared to shake
and quake with fear, because of the outcries
"of an infuriated mob," that had been heard
from Massachusetts, and I thought, when he
alluded to the answering bugle from Illinois, that
there might be some apprehension upon the
minds of gentlemen if we went into committee
and did notdispoue of this bill upon the Speaker's
table, that we might hear from more "infuriated
mobs," and louder tones of the bugle still than had
yet reached this Hall. Why, are we to be drawn
off from our propriety because we hear the voice
and uprising of a mob? Are we to be turned
aside hum our appropriate and bounden duties to
investigate this measure because the bugle comes
from the West? No, Mr. Chairman, whatever
fears may have prompted the gentleman from
Kentucky in making his unwarrantable assault
upon me, I partake of them not in the least de-
gree. The bugle note alluded to was encouraging
• to him, whilst the indignant cries that had alarmed
his ears came from a portion of the country to
which 1 am to return, and which I am to meet,
quell, and subdue if I can; and if they brought
any terrors to me, it seems to me that the gen-
tleman fiom Kentucky need not have partaken
of them. We shall hear more of them, and we
who return to breast the storm at the North, and
the current of fanaticism, as I have upon other
occasions done, are not in the least degree intimi-
dated or alarmed by any of these symptoms that
seem to have shaken the gentleman from Ken-
tucky.
Now, Mr. Chairman,in myremarks at thetlme
I moved to send this bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, I gave reasons
why it should go there, and in what respects it
required amendments. I expected that a gentle-
man who would have taken the trouble to think
over this matter for a couple of days would at least
have come here not merely with imputations as to
motives, but with arguments to resist or explode
my reasons. I declared that I required to amend
the bill by striking out the Clayton clause. Did
the gentleman from Kentucky say one word m
answer by way of argument? Did he reason on
the subject? 1 told the House that, in my judg-
ment, the Badger proviso meant more than was
intended to be geneially understood. By way of
answer to this the gentleman complained that 1
had applied to it the term of " Badger amend-
ment, or " Badger proviso." Why, Mr. Chair-
man, is this proviso so much a subject of reproach
that it becomes unpleasant to a public man to have
his name connected with it? In my judgment it
is not so. Why then did the gentleman say that
it was a sort of slur cast upon the distinguished
Senator from North Carolina to have linked his
name—as it will be indissolubly linked—with the
proviso to which he stood godfather, and became
its sponsor ? He has fulfilled his duties in regard to
it with fidelity from the time he undertook it until
now. He has not shrunk from it; and it seems to
me that there was no necessity for any feeling on
the part of the gentleman from Kentucky in conse-
quence of my having called it the " Badger pro-
viso." Sir, I went further, and declared thai it
in my opinion—as far as that opinion has been
made up without full investigation—the " Bad-
ger proviso," did annul laws not enacted by Con-
gress. 1 submitted that the true principle of non-
intervention by Congress meant that it should not
by its action change the status, or condition of a
Territory in relation to slavery. I observed that
in my opinion- this proviso did declare that the
laws existing before 1803 should no longer be in
force; and 1 submitted for the consideration of the
House—and more especially for the consideration
of gentlemen from the South—whether or not that
did not contravene the great provision of this bill.
I will in a few minutes explain myself more
fully in regard to this matter; but i end what I
have to say to the gentleman from Kentucky for
that unnecessary, volunteered assault upon my
motives, by observing that I would have liked to
have heard him say some words'in reply to the con-
struction which 1 putupon the" BADGERproviso."
I should have liked to have heard some expres-
sion of his views in respect to a proposition which
was suggested on this floor for the consideration
of those who came from his part of the Union. I
observed that I thought there must be some mo-
tive not avowed for the extraordinary assault
upon me. I had declared myself upon this floor,
to be a friend of the measure, and forthwith I am
assailed. 1 declared my adherence to the principle.
Forthwith the Administration press comes out
with a universal cry. Why is it that, approving
of the principles of the bill, the organ of the Ad-
ministration, conducted, it is said, by the Clerk
of this House, and who is associated with the
printer of this body—how comes it that a friend
of the measure, and of the principles of it, should
have been selected as a victim? Was itdesired to
drive me off, and with me those friends who had
given me their friendship and support? Is it de-
sired, by this attempt, to assassinate those men
who stand by me?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, (interrupting.) I ask
whether the gentleman intends to apply those re-
marks to me ?
Mr. CUTTING. No, sir; unless the gentleman
so far considers himself a portion of the Union
newspaper as to make the remark as applicable to
him as it is to the Union.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. At the time the gen-
tleman's remarks were made I was engaged in
taking notes, and simply heard the words; and I
desire to ask the gentleman whether he intended
to apply the remark to me?
Mr. CUTTING. I do not. I myself only am
charged with being the assassin. 1 am the one
whom the gentleman depicted, with the arm of
friendship thrown around the measure, but with
the dagger of the assassin in hand, ready to strike
the fatal blow.
If I had used this language in reference to the
gentleman from Kentucky, it would have been
simply restoring to the gentleman, m kind and
maimer, that which he had thought himself at lib-
erty to visit upon me. From that time to this, I
have been the constant object of attack for my
conduct upon this floor. What does it mean?
There is a meaning in it. When I look to the
State of New York and see that portion of the
press there who aie opposing this measure with all
their vigor and force, receiving still the public pat-
ronage; when I see the whole State filled with
office-holders who are opposing the measure with
the utmost vehemence, at public meetings ana
in private, and find that they are still continued
in office, still cherished, still protected, I am
forced to ask, Why it is that the enemies of
the bill are rewarded, and its filends assailed.
What meaning will the country attach to such a
course? The Administration desires to carry the
bill, and at the same time attempts to cut down
and crush out those who are in favor of its prin-
ciples, and reward those who openly and unequiv-
ocally oppose it. It becomes a test question when
a gentleman from New York, in favor of its prin-
ciples, moves to refer it to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, for discussion
and for amendment merely. While the Concord
Patriot, the organ of the Administration in New
Hampshire, disclaims the measure as a Demo-
cratic test, it at the same time denies that it forms
any portion of the Democratic creed. When I
consider all these extraordinary acts, and perceive
how quick offense is taken against one who, like
me, has constantly fought in favor of the principle,
and on the other hand t see the Administration
take to its bosom and give aid and comfort to those
who are opposed to it, I am compelled to suppose
that there must be some other motive at the bot-
tom of this attack than that which upon the face
of it appears.
One more word, and I have done with this
branch of the subject. There is but one ground
upon which the Democracy of the North can
stand. They cannot stand upon the Wilmot pro-
viso, which legislates slavery out of a Territory;
nor upon legislation which establishes it in a
Territory. They can do neither the one nor the
other; but they can stand upon the ground that
you shall neither do the one nor the other. They
can stand upon the ground of non-intervention.
They can stand upon the popular principle of
allowing the people of an organized Territory to
judge for themselves upon that and all other sub-
jects. They can stand, as I before observed,
first, upon this great popular right, and next, upon
Congressional non-intervention. Leave the insti-
tution of slavery to those who are to live under
it, who are either to prosper or languish by it.
Upon that ground we can stand. Those are the
principles I advocate, and if they are found in the
bill I shall vote for it. If, in my opinion, they
are not there, I will state the fact candidly, for the
purpose of coming to a distinct and plain under-
standing between the different sections of the'
country, as to what the character of this measure
is, so that there may be no reproaches hereafter,
either by the one or the other, on the ground that
there was a misunderstanding as to the precise
principle it did contain. This brings me to dis-
cuss somewhat the character of the measure in
controversy.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. At this point I ask the
gentleman from New York to allow me to inter-
rupt him.
Mr. CUTTING. Certainly, I will yield to the
gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I had an aversion to
interrupting the gentleman during the progress of
his personal explanation. But now, while his re-
marks are fresh upon my mind, I should be very
much giatified if the gentleman would allow me
to respond.
Mr. CUTTING. I will give way to the gen-
tleman for that purpose with pleasure, if it is the
distinct understanding upon the part of the com-
mittee that whatever time he occupies shall not be
deducted from my hour.
A general assent to the proposition was ex-
pressed all over the Hall.
The CHAIRMAN. Such an arrangement can
be made only by the unanimous consent of the
committee.
No objection was made, and—
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE proceeded. I have not
many remarks to make, but I prefer, while the
subject is fresh upon my mind, to respond to a
portion of the speech of the gentleman from New
York. I preferred not to interrupt him during
the progress of these remarks. Sir, I have list-
ened to them, long and wordy, very wordy,as they
were, but, Mr. Chairman, not meeting a single
position which I took the other day; and I am
amazed at the flagrant manner in which he has
attempted to torture and twist my words out of
their proper and legitimate meanings. I will give
you one or two examples, among the many in his
speech, of this proclivity to make a case by total
perversion. I spoke of the gentleman stigma-
tizing as the " Badger proviso " the amendment
offered by that gentleman in the Senate, and ap-
