762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
plied it to the point that it was very odd that a
gentleman coming from a non-slaveholding State
should object toan amendment of this character,
upon the ground that it did not do justice to the
South, and suggested that his object might have
been to defeat the amendment, and thus array
northern votes against the bill. How does he use
it now? I will not say that the gentleman from
New York uses it like a lawyer, but I will say
that he does not use it like a statesman. He now
attempts to draw the inference that I charged him
with attempting to put a slur on Mr. Badger, of
the Senate! What is this but avoiding the main
point, and endeavoring to lead the mind off upon
one irrelevant and personal ?
Take another example. The gentleman said
that in my speech the other day I referred to the
notes from Boston, and the notes from the West>
and seemed to be. alarmed at the demonstration ■
Mr. CUTTING, (in his seat.) Bugle notes
from the West.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Yes, sir; and seemed
to be alarmed at this demonstration, and wished
to hurry the bill through, in oider to prevent full j
discussion. If any gentleman will take the trouble
to look at my printed remarks, or remembers them
as uttered, he will see that it was at the close of
my speech I remarked that the result of the dis-
cussion at the North would be to bring the people
there to the principle of the bill; and that, although
a portion of New England might choose to go off,
and turn her back upon her own original doctrines,
yet New England was not the Union; but that the
center, and particularly the West, would be found
on the principle of the bill. That is what I said.
Is there any ground there for the gentleman from
New York to charge that I was alarmed at these
"bugles," and wanted to force the bill thiough?
None on earth, sir. On the contrary, does it not
indicate that 1 had free confidence in the result of
discussion; and did I not say in terms that I was
in favor of free debate5 This passes ingenuity. It j
is something more than that. |
But, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman said that I j
appeared in the House, after considering the sub- '
ject two days, to attack and stigmatize his motives.
The reason I did not make my speech as soon as
he finished his is, that at the conclusion of his
own he magnanimously moved the pieviousques-
tion, so that nobody had an opportunity to reply.
At the first moment 1 could get the floor I took it.
So the interval of two days is due to the previous
question moved by the gentleman himself; and
yet, with characteristic disregard of these facts,
which are notorious to the House, he now com-
plains that I waited two days to answer his speech.
I did not choose to interrupt him while he was
speaking, for the purpose of denying that i had
attacked his motives, because I really thought that
as he had fixed up his speech in that way it would
be ciuel to interrupt him in dehveiing it to the
committee. As his whole speech, by an ingenious
twist, was made to turn on the assertion that I
htid attacked his motives in the House of Repre-
sentatives, if I had knocked that underpinning
from him he would have had nothing to say at
all, so far as the personal aspect of the matter is
concerned, and 1 did not want to spoil a speech
elaborately gotten up.
Now, does not every gentleman here who list-
ened to what I said, remember that 1 slated, that
with the motives of the gentleman I had nothing
to do ? but that I spoke of the objects and the elfeet
of his movement, characterizing it as a movement
to kill the bill, and spoke of the strange fact that
the gentleman was sunounded by every political
Abolitionist in this Hail, and received their con-
gratulations at the success of his motion J One
word m this connection, on another point which
the gentleman thinks may have been rather per-
sonal. When he uttered the woid " assassin " to-
day, I asked him (misunderstanding, it appears,
his remark) whether he intended to apply it to
me. He said that he did not; but that it would
have been replying in kind to the remark which I
made the other day if he had done so.
Since the gentleman has made this explanation,
I will state that I did not intend to charge him
with playing the part of assassin intentionally, for
the reason that I did not choose to pry into his
motives; hut I said—and i cannot recall it—that
the act, in all its effects, was the act of one who
would throw one arm around another, as if m
friendly embrace, and with the othei stab him to
the heart, just as I say that the effect of his move-
ment throughout was to kill the bill. He asks me
if I have nutpeispicacity of understandingenough
to see his argument. I ask him whether he has
not. perspicacity of understanding enough to see a
difference between a clear exposure of the effects
of a movement andan attack on the motives of the
mover. I will not go into an argument with the
gentleman as to his motives. I repeat, what I said
before, I have nothing to do with them. But, if I
chose to go over the facts of the case, I do not think
the gentleman would get much advantage in the
argument as to what his motives really were. Of
course, when he asserts that he had a particular
motive, 1 will not deny his words. But leaving us
to judge of his motives exclusively by his conduct,
there can be no two opinions in the House as to
what they must have been.
Now, sir, lei me turn aside for one moment
from the verbiage of the gentleman from New
York, and, in a practical way, call the attention
of the committee to the facts as they then existed.
Heie was a bill from the Senate lying upon the
Speaker's table in this House. We had not yet
gone to the Speaker's table. There it was, snug
and safe, under the control of the House. There :
was another bill—one that had originated in this
House—which had been referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union—
(he bill from the Committeeon Territories. Those
two bills—one on the Speaker's table and the other
in the Committee of the Whole—would give the
friends of the Nebiaska measure—not of its details,
but of the principles—a double chance. One was
to take up the bill in Committee of the Whole,
reported from the Committee on Territories, and
lying high on the Calendar, discuss it, mature it, and
pass it, if they could. There was also the chance
to go to the Speaker's table, take up the Senate
bill, and discuss it, if they chose, in the House of
Representatives. There was, therefore, a double
chance for the friends of the measure.
Under these cucumstances the gentleman from
New York, in alliance, not with the friends of the
measure, but with its open and avowed and bitter
enemies, refuses to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union—where he ought
to have gone, if he wanted to take up and discuss
the Nebiaska bill. He votes against going into
the Committee of the Whole, and then himself
moves to go to the business on the Speaker'**
table. lie, and those acting with him, succeed.
They never rest until they reach the Senate bill,
and then, by a sudden and general concert of
movement, it is discovered what the object of the
whole proceeding all day had been. The gentle-
man rises, makes a speech in favor of referring
the bill to the Committee of the Whole, then
moves the previous question, and does not allow
the friends of the measure to expose the effect of
hi?> motion. What was the effect of it? 1 say
that it sent the bill to the foot of the Calendar, and
that, in the legular course of legislation, you will
never rpoch it this session. And 1 ask the gentle-
man if he had not "perspicacity "enough to under-
stand, and experience enough in the House to
know, that that would be the result?
Again, the gentleman says that there are only
nineteen or twenty bills before it on the Calendar,
and that I said there were scores of bills. I have
no lecollection of saying scores of bills; I did not
find such a statement in my notes; I do not find it
in my printed remarks; and the gentleman cannot
eke out his speech by making language for me. 1
said it was put at the foot of the Calendar, and
would never be reached. Does not the gentleman
know perfectly well that the struggle in the House,
when gentlemen want to kill a measure at this
stage of the session, is, always, to send it to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
U is immaterial whether there are a score of bills
only, or two score before it, the effect of the gen-
tleman's motion was to put the bill at the foot of
the Calendar, and m either case it cannot be regu-
larly reached.
Mr. ENGLISH. I will state for the informa-
tion of the gentleman that I learn from the Clerk
that there are fifty bills on the Calendar before the
Senate Nebraska bill.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Ah! fifty bills, are
there? I thank the gentleman for the information.
Mr. OIT FTING. Before the Hom-e billf
Mr. ENGLISH. No—before the Senate bill.2
Mi. CUTTING. Ah! the Senate bill,
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Now, Mr. Chair-
man, look there! 1 will nail the gentleman to the
counter just here. " Before the House bill," says
he. Now, what is the inference from that ? Why,
he gives up now that we can ever reach the Senate
bill, but he would have us to understand that he
meant that we could mature the House bill in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
But did not the gentleman say thathis very object
in moving to refer the Senate bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, wo8
that it might be reached there,and discussed, and
that the Badger amendment, among others, in
that bill might be looked into? Certainly he did—
certainly. It is useless for him to shake his head;
it would not do for him to raise that question.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Will my friend from Ken-
tucky allow me to remind him that the Badger
amendment is not in the House bill at all.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Of course, it is not,
and yet the gentleman gave, as the reason for his
motion, that his object was to have that amend-
ment discussed in the Committee of the Whole.
Nor is the Clayton amendment in the House
bill, yet it will be remembered that he wanted the
Senate bill refeired, to discuss that amendment
also. Sir, the reasons assigned by the gentle-
man from NewYork are all evasive; the style of
debate which he has assumed to-day would suit
a bad action in a court much better than an im-
portant public question upon the floor of an Amer-
ican Congress. I ask the gentleman from New
York, 1 ask the committee, if the movement was
a friendly one, how came it to he opposed by the
friends of the bill, with some exceptions, and to
be sustained by all the enemies of the bill? How
came the intensely national gentleman from New
Yoik—and I was happy to regard him as a na-
tional gentleman—to be acting in alliance with the
enemies of tno bill, with the Free-Soilers and Ab-
olitionists— I mean no disrespect to them—upon
this floor? How came he to receive their con-
gratulations afterwards? How came their presses
to take up the cry, and applaud the gentleman
from New York for his adroitness in referring the
bill to the Committee of the Whole, which they
regard as fatal to it? Why, all the refinements
and subtleties of all the special pleaders on earth,
fiom now until the crack of doom, will never get
out of a plain man's head the fact that the move-
ment was intended to kill the bill.
But the gentleman says, if this was the effect,
why did I devote one hour to an argument in favor
of the bill ? I ask the gentleman again if he is not
parliamentarian enough to understand that a par-
ticular bill may be killed by being put at the foot
of the Calendar, but that the same bill, in sub-
stance, by other forms of legislation, may be
brought again before the House ? I tell him that
the Nebraska bill can be revived, perhaps not
totidem vabis> since it is on the Calendar, but in
substance and effect.
As I rose for a personal explanation merely, I
will pass on and call the attention of the commit-
tee to another remark of the gentleman in regard '
to myself. " What could have been the motive of
the gentleman from Kentucky ?" said he. " There
must have been some motive not apparent for his
assault. Why was it that the gentleman from
: Kentucky assailed me, a friend of this measure,
. for this movement, and does not assail its enemies?
i Why, at the same time, does it happen that the
; pie&s in this city take up the cry ? Why have I
been denounced for this movement? Was it to
j drive me off, a national man, a friend of the measure,
, m order to gratify the feelings of gentlemen at the
| other end of the avenue?" Themeaningof all this,
1 and much more from the gentleman to the same
1 effect,covered upas it was byinuendo and buried
, m verbiage, is just this, that i was to carry out
; some purpose of this Administration to drive the
gentleman from NewYork from the support of the
bill, and accordingly that I acted in concert with
parties in this city, and papers friendly to the Ad-
. ministration, to deprive the bill of his valuable
i services. I have a brief but sufficient answer to
' all this. I wish the gentleman from New York
could purge himself of these low personal feelings,
and look at public measures upon their merits,
| without regard to the position of others in con-
nection with them. What a spectacle does a pub-
lic man present who is governed on great ques-
i tions by the low ambition of thwaitmg others
i instead of by the high rule of the general good'1.
