2aao
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July,
quish certain Lands, and to enter the same quantity
elsewhere.
it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Untied States <f America in Congress
assembled, That Victor Morass be, and he is here-
by-, authorized to enter, without payment therefor,
at any United Slates land office m the State of
Michigan, two hundred and eighty acres of land,
the:flame to be entered in legal subdivisions, and
091- any land subject to private entry at said offices,
ajjd not covered by any preemption right: Pro-
vided, That before the said Victor Morass shall
havfc the benefit of the provisions of this act, he
shall file with the Secretary of the Interior, in such
form as shall be prescribed by said Secretary,
good and sufficient deed or deeds of release to the
United States, executed by himself, and ali per-
sons having rights thereto through or under him,
of all the premises mentioned and described in
the report of commissioners on land claims in
Mlchigah'ab claim (< No. 1," in " Book 5," in the
u American State Papers," " Public Lands," vol-
ume four, page seven hundred and ninety-eight;
which claim was confiimed to said Morass by
" An act to confirm certain claims to lands in the
Territory of Michigan,''approved April seven leen,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 93.—An Act for the R'elitf of Rebecca Freeman.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congiess
assembtti, That the Secretary of the interior be
authorized and directed to place the name of Re-
becca Freeman on the list of pensioners, at the
rate of eight dollars per month, dui ing her natural
life, commencing on the twenty seventh day of
January, Annb t)oVnini eighteen hundred and
forty-seven.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 94.—An Act for the Relief of Charles Lee Jones.
Beitenacttd by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentative^ of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to cause the claims
presented to that Department by Charles Lee
Jones, for expenses incurred and Bernceirtenilered
in-raising, subsisting, and transporting three com-
panies of volunteers mustered and received into
the service of the United States, duiing the war
againstMexico, to be settled according to the prin-
ciples of equity and justice; the amount and inter-
est not to exceed two thousand dollars, and to be
in full for said claims; and that the same be paid
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 95.—An Act authorizing a Patent to be hsued
to Peter Poncifi, for certain Lands therein de-
railed.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of Anurica in Congress
assembled, That the entry by Peter Poncin, of the
north half of the southeast quarter, and the south
half of the northeast quarter of section thirty-six,
in township number twenty-nine, of ranee twenty-
three, in the Stillwater land district, Minnesota,
canceled by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, be, and the same is hereby, allowed, and
reinstated as the date of said entry, so that the
title to said lands may inure to the benefit of his
grantees, as far as he may have conveyed the
same: Provided, That the money paid for said lands
shall not have been withdrawn, or if withdrawn,
shall be again paid at said land offices, and that
thereupon a patent shall issue in the name of said
Peter Poncin for said lands.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the su-
perintendent of public schools in said Territory
of Minnesota be, and he is hereby, authorized to
select other lands in lieu of said section thirty-six,
as far as the same has been granted or sold.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
Ho. 96.—An Act for the Relief of Ezra Williams,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Co7igress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
to JSgrA Williams, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of five
hundred dollars, in full for his services in pre-
paring an alphabetical index to the Numerical
Register of Warrants, in the land-bounty division
of the Genera! Land Office, under the direction of
the late Commissioner, Richard M. Young.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 97.—An Act for the Relief of Conrad Wheat,
jr., or his Legal Representatives
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the location of six hundred and
forty acres of land, and which is described as
survey number two thousand four hundred and
fifty three, in township forty-four north, of ranges
five and six east, of the principal meridian, in the
State of Missouri, made by Conrad Wheat, jr.,
on the twenty-second day of October, eighteen
hundred and sixteen, under a certificate of location
number one hundred and thirteen, issued on the
twelfth day of August, eighteen hundred and six-
teen, by the recorder of land titles, to the said
Wheat, is hereby confirmed.
Sec. 2 And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office is hereby
authorized to issue a patent to the said Conrad
Wheat, jr., or his legal representatives, for the
said lands.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 98.—An Act for the Relief of Richard M. Bou-
ton, George Wright, and the Widow of Marvin W.
Fisher.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives qfthe United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he hereby is, authorized and directed to pay
to Rmhard M.. Bout«n, George Wright, and to
Harriet F. Fisher, the widow and executrix of
Maf-vin W. Fisher, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
five thousand dollars each, as a full compensation
for the past useof their machines for making and
charging percussion caps in the arsenals of the
United States, and also for the future free and un-
disturbed use, by the Government, of the said
machines, together with the patent-right or rights
to the said machines, with their improvements.
Approved, July 27, 3854.
No, 99.—An Act for the Relief of Andrew J. Dick-
er hojf.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Andrew J. Dickerhoff on the roll of invalid pen-
sioners, and pay to him annually a pension of
ninety-six dollars, to commence on the first day
of January, eighteen hundred and fifty, and con-
tinue during his life.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 100.—An Act for the Relief of the Widows and
Orphans of the Officers and Seamen of the United
States Schooner Grampus, who were lost in that
vessel in Match, eighteen hundred and forty three,
near the coast of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oflhe United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the same provision as is made by
the act entitled " An act for the relief of the
widows and orphans of the officers, seamen, and
marines of the brig Somers," approved the four-
teenth day of August, eighteen hundred and forty-
eight, and an act for the relief of the widows and
relatives of certain officers and seamen of the Uni-
ted States brig Washington, who were lost over-
board in a hurricane, approved February the third,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three, be also extended
to the widows and orphans of the officers and sea-
men who were lost in the United States schooner
Grampus in the gale of March, eighteen hundred
and forty-three, near the coast of the United States.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
| No. 101.—An Act for the Relief of Captain George
Simpton, of Galveston.
! Be it enacted by the. Senate and House of Repre-
i sentatives oflhe United Slates of Americain Congress
t assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to Captain George Simpton, of Galveston,
the sum of sixteen hundred dollars, in full pay-
ment of his claim for indemnification for loss of
schooner Alert, whilst in the public service during
the war with Mexico.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 102.—An Act for the Relief of Pamela Brown,
the Widow of Major General Jacob Brown, late of
the United States Army, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to place the name of Pamela Brown,
widow of the late Major General Jacob Brown,
upon the list of pensioners, and to pay her a pen-
sion at the rate of fifty dollars per month; said
pension to commence on the first day of January,
eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, and continue
during her natural life.
Appro\ed, July 27,^1854.
No. 103.—An Act for the' Relief of William Harris,
of Georgia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, authorized
and directed to settle the claim of William Harris,
of Georgia, and pay him for his services in the
United States Army: Provided, The same shall
not exceed the pay and emoluments of a sergeant
of infantry from the eighteenth of April, eighteen
hundred and fourteen, to the twenty-fifth of No-
vember, eighteen hundred and sixteen.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 104.—An Act for the Relief of James M.
Goggin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
asseinbled, That the Postmaster General be., and he
is hereby, authorized and required to settle and
adjust the claims,of James M. Goggin, and that
in such settlement he be allowed a fair and reason-
able salary as special mail agent for the State of
California from the first day of December, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty, until the sixth of April,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three, with reasonable
allowance for office rent and per diem and the hire
of a clerk, and that such sum as may be allowed
by the Postmaster General, be paid to said Gog-
gin, out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropiiated.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 105.—An Act confirming a certain Land Claim
in Louisiana known as the Fleurian Claim.
Be it enacted by the Sehate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in. Congress
assembled. That the heirs, assigns, and legal rep-
resentatives of Charles J. B. Fleuriau, or Flo-
riau, be, and they are hereby, confirmed in their
claim to a tract of land described in a petition or
i request addressed by Joseph Viilar3 Dubreuil to
the Governor and Commissary of Marine of the
Province of Louisiana, on the first day of June,
seventeen hundred and Sixty-three, as thesame was
surveyed by A. F. Righter, a deputy surveyor,
in the year eighteen hundred and thhty-nine, and
certified by H. T. Williams, surveyor general
of the State of Louisiana, on the fourteenth of
December, eighteen hundred and thirty-nine, and
for the full extent of the land embraced in said
surveys; and that a patent shall issue therefors
I Provided, That thia act shall be held and taken
only as a relinquishment on the part of the United
States.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 106.—An Act for the Relief of James Edwards
and others.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ofthe United States of Americain Congress
assembled1 That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, directed to ascertain, by the best evi-
dence which the nature of the case will admit of,
the value of the houses and other property of
James Edwards, of the late Edward M. Wanton,
and of the lateNehemiah Brush, destroyed at Mi-
