1472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22.
Military Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Jesse D. Carr, a sutler in the second regi-
ment of Tennessee volunteers, in the war with
Mexico, praying compensation for property de-
stroyed by the enemy on the 24th of February,
1847, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred the
bill from the House of Representatives, to provide
for the construction of a military road from Great
Salt Lake City, in the Territory of Utah, to the
eastern boundary of the State of California, re-
ported it back without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives, to provide for the continuation of the
military road from Myrtle Creek to Scottsburgh,
in Oregon, reported it back without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives, for the payment of the civil officers
employed in the Territory of New Mexico, while
under military government, reported it back with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives to authorize the Secretary of War to
settle and adjust the expenses of the Rogue River
Indian war, reported it back without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives, to refund to the Territory of Utah the
expenses incurred by said Territory m suppressing
Indian hostilities, reported itback without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution of the Senate, directing
them to inquire into the expediency of allowing
the States to return the flint-lock guns distributed
by the law of 1808, to the Government, and take
others in their stead, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives providing for the distribution of arms
to the seveial States and Territories, reported it
back without amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Catharine Dickerson, widow of John Dickerson,
a revolutionary soldier, praying a pension under
the act of 1838, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for her relief; which was read, and passed
to a second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu- !
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the me- ]
morial of Phineas M. Nightingale, legal repre-i
sentative of General Nathaniel Greene, praying
indemnity for losses sustained by General Greene j
becoming security for an Army contractor in the
Revolution, submitted a report, accompanied by !
a bill for his relief; which was read,'and passed !
to a second reading. The report was ordered to |
be printed. ,
AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was ' !
Ordered, That the lull to regulate navigation lo the coas.1
of Africa,in vcm&oU own^d by citizens of the Uiutrd States, J
in certain cases, be printed. i
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. SUMNER, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill making
a grant of land warrants to the State of Massa- ,
chusetts to aid in the construction of a tunnel
under the IJoosac mountain, and providing for
the conveyance of mails, troops, and munitions of .
war through the same free of toll; which was ;
read a first and second time by its title, and refer-
red to the Committee on Public Lands.
FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr. ROCKWELL. Mr. President, I present
the petition of two thousand nine hundred citizens
of the State of Massachusetts, asking, in the most
brief and direct teims possible, for the icpeal of
the law known as the fugitive slave law of 18.)0.
This petition is signed by persons of all profes-
sions and occupations, principally from the city ;
of Boston and its vicinity. It is subscribed also
by a large number of persons who have been in ;
favor of the compromise measures of 1850. By :
reason of the altered position of those questions,
on account of the passage of the Nebraska and
Kansas bill of the present session, they have come
to Congress with this petition for the repeal of the
fugitive slave law. I ask, sir, that it may be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, which,
I believe, is the appropriate committee.
Mr. DIXON, i hope the vote will not be taken
now on the proposition to refer the petition, which
has just been presented by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, to the Committee on the Judiciary. I
desire myself to make some remarks upon the
proposition which is contained in it, and 1 know
that there are some other Senators heie who de-
sire also to be heard upon it. I hope its further
consideration will be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. ROCKWELL. I have no objection.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the further consideration of the petition will be
postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest that the pe-
tition take the ordinary course, and be referred
now.
Mr. SEWARD. Let it lie over until to-mor-
row. A Senator wishes to speak on it.
The PRESIDENT. If there be objection, the
Chair will put the question on the motion of the
Senator from Kentucky, to postpone the further
consideration of the subject until to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very anxious to give
the Senator from Kentucky every opportunity to
discuss the question, but it seems to me the natural
course with regard to this petition, is to refer it
according to the motion of my colleague.
Mr. DIXON. 1 do not object to the reference;
I merely wish to have the question on it post-
poned until to-morrow.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
ALEXANDRIA AND WASHINGTON RAILROAD.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I am instructed
by the Committee on the District of Columbia to
report back the bill authorizing the extension of
the .Alexandria and Washington railroad into the
District of Columbia, I am directed by the same
committee to ask that the Senate will, by unani-
mous consent, consider and pass the bill now,
the great object being to get legislation upon the
subject at this session, in order that this road may
be constructed.
I will say to the Senate, in a few words, that
there is now, as is probably known to most gen-
tlemen here, a continuous railroad communication
between Alexandria, which lies six or seven miles
below Washington, and the city of Richmond, in
Virginia, and from Richmond to the extreme
South. Tins interval of six or seven miles be-
tween Alexandria and Washington is the only
pan of the communication between the North and
South that is now required to be filled up by a
railroad. The Legislature of Virginia, at its last
session, granted a charter to constnm a road
from the town of Alexandra to some point to be
designated, opposite to the city of Washington;
and 1 am informed that the company formed
under that charter has obtained the means, and is
prepared to construct a road. But to construct a
road to terminate on the opposite side of the river,
opposite to the city of Washington, would not be
by any means to form an intercourse by railroad
between the town of Alexandria and the northern
cities,or between the extreme South and the extreme
North. That company, therefore, asks permis-
sion, by this bill, to lay a temporal y railroad acioss
the Long Bridge, as it is called, and from the Long
Budge a like temporary raihoad through the city
of Washington to connect with the depot of the
Baltimore and Washington railroad, in this city,
to pass through such streets in the city, and to
construct their depot in such a place as the authori-
ties of the city of Washington may agree upon.
1 em further informed, and believe, that if this
bill is passed at this session of Congress, that road,
which will be but six or seven miles long, will be
completed by the close of the year. It is there-
fore desirable that the law should be passed.
I would further state to the Senate that, although
this; charter was granted at the last session of the
Legislature of Virginia, during the last winter,
the presentation of this bill hns been delayed up
to this time, because the Virginia company have
been endeavoring to get some bill agreed upon in
the House of Representatives, which would be
satisfactory to the corporations of Georgetown
and Washington. The town of Georgetown, it
seems, is opposed even to laying a temporary
track across the Long Bridge, or to bringing in the
road to the city of Washington; but the committee
of the House of Representatives at last agreed
upon a bill which they are prepared to report to
that House as soon as the rules of the House will
permit the report to be made. The bill which I
now report back to the Senate from the Committee
on the District of Columbia is a copy of that
House bill.
The bill proposes further that this, which is in-
tended to be a temporary arrangement, shall not
be understood to commit the action of Congress
in any way as to any future structure that may-
be authorized across the Potomac river, by whicn
a permanent communication can be had between
the North and South. It is, so far as the passage
of the river is concerned, strictly temporary in its
character.
Now, with all my respect for the town of George-
town, which is really very great, I cannot but con-
sider it a little unreasonable in that town that it
should object to this temporary arrangement under
the apprehension—for it seems to be under that
apprehension alone—that if this temporary track
be laid upon the existing Long Bridge, it will give
some air of durability to that bridge. The Long
Bridge has been there for more than forty years.
It has been a source of serious annoyance and of
serious injury and loss to the town of Georgetown,
and yet it"remains. Whether it will ever be deemed
wise, on the part of Congress, to remove it, I do
not know; but I am sure the Senate will agree with
me that it would be extremely unwise todefer this
most important communication between the North
and South until we can decide between the District
cities as to whether that bridge shall remain or not.
This'bill was read twice, and referred to the
committee. 1 now report it back without amend-
ment, and ask that it be put upon ita passage. At
the same time, at the request of the Mayor of
Georgetown, I ask leave to present a memorial on
the subject, and to have it read with the bill.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to authorize the Alexandria
and Washington Railroad Company, incorpo-
rated by the Legislatuie of Virginia, on the 27th
of February, 1854, to construct a railroad from
Alexandria to Washington, to extend their road
from any point on the Virginia side of the Poto-
mac river into the District of Columbia, and to
lay their railroad track or tracks over the Potomac
bridge, and up to such point or points in the city
of Washington, connecting with the Baltimore and
Washington railroad by the most direct and prac-
ticable route, through such streets or avenues as
the corporate authorities may provide, with the
understanding that the permission thus granted
may be revoked by Congress at pleasure, and is
not to be considered as an expression of opinion
by Congress that the present location of the Po-
tomac bridge is the proper one.
It further proposes to authorize the company
to construct a bridge over the Potomac river, on
or above or west of the aqueduct of the Alexan-
dria Canal Company, but if it be built on or over
the piers of that aqueduct, it must be done with
the consent of the Alexandria Canal Company,
and in constructing the bridge and crossing the
Chesapeake and Ohio canal, the bridge and rail-
road shall be so constructed as not to injure or
obstruct the use or navigation of the canal.
It also authorizes the company to extend their
road from the point where it shall cross the Po-
tomac, river, to such point or points within the
cities of Washington and Georgetown as may be
respectively approved of by the corporate author-
ities of these cities, and makes other provisions
which are usual for cairymg on the business of
railroad Lorporations.
Mr. MASON. At the request of the Mayor of
Georgetown, I now ask that the memorial, to which
I have refeired, be read.
The memorial was accordingly read.
Mr. MASON. That memorial was put into my
hands a few moments before I reported the bill. I
looked into it, but did not read it through. Uearn
now for the first time its character, and I think
that these gentlemen of Georgetown, who have
signed it, when they come to reconsider what they
have done, will find that they have done really an
unfortunate act—anactunfortunate to theinteresta
