THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 23, 1854.
New Series....No. 93.
of their town. Sir, the statement in that memo-
rial that this application is insidiously made, is one
that ought not to have come from Georgetown.
I do not know whether it is aimed at the Virginia
company, which proposes to construct the road,
or at the assumed rival of Georgetown, the city
of Washington* But let it be aimed at either, it is
uncandid, and unfortunate that it was made.
The foundation for the charge of insidiousness
contained in the memorial is, that it is not to be
expected—I think, in the language of the memo-
rial—that men who knew the value of money,
would expend the amount required to construct a
railroad eight miles long for purposes only tempo-
rary. Now, sir, that is uncandid, because all
who know the country, know that a railroad
coming to Washington city across the Potomac,
with a view to unite with the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad, must, for the far greater portion of its
length,go in the same direction, whether it crosses
the river opposite to the city of Washington, or
whether it crosses it at Georgetown; so that it is
uncandid to declare that the alleged purpose of this
bill is to make a temporary road from the city of
Alexandria to the city of Washington. What I
stated was, that it was intended to make it tem-
porary, to diverge from the main stem to connect
with the Long Bridge, and then to come to the
city of Washington. I am informed that a rail-
road passing from Alexandria across the Potomac
will, whether it comes to Georgetown or comes
into the city at the Long Bridge, go across some
mile, or little more than a mile, of these cities.
I do not mean to be at all harsh in any strict-
ures upon Georgetown; but this will not tend to
conciliate opinion, when the question really pend-
ing between the two cities comes to be determined
by Congress, whether the bridge shall be con-
structed where the water is broad, or where the
water is narrow.
I suppose, upon the question of economy, that
if it is for convenience and fitness to construct a
road to pass through Georgetown, they will adopt
it, because it would require a shorter bridge, the
water there being narrower. They would be very
unlikely to construct a bridge opposite the city of
Washington, where the river is a mile or more
wide, at a proportionate increase of expense. But
the object to be attained by the present bill, is to
enable this company to bring their road at once
into connection with the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road, and they can only do that by means of a
bridge that is made; and the attempt on the part of
Georgetown is to prevent that great public conve-
nience being adopted at once, lest in doing so they
should give an air of support to the existing bridge
between the two sides of the river.
I am free to declare that my sympathies always
have been with Georgetown m this matter; be-
cause the Long Bridge, erected at the expense of
Government, as I stated, has been one of serious
loss and injury to that city. It has obstructed
the channel and filled the river with mud and flats,
so that at low tide it is difficult to tell where the
channel is, or whether there is any channel at all.
I believe it is due to that city, in some way, that
the nuisance to them should be removed; but I
say again, that they have not come here with this
memorial in a form likely to conciliate public opin-
ion, when it charges insidious motives on the
proposition.
Mr. PRATT. I understand the honorable
Senator, in the speech which he has made, to
state the fact that the bill is to give an air of per-
manence to the Potomac bridge.
Mr. MASON. The allegation of the memo-
rial is that that is their apprehension.
Mr. PRATT. Well, sir, that is not an appre-
hension which they unreasonably indulge. The
Senator has correctly said, that the existence of
this bridge is of great detriment to the commerce
of Georgetown; and we ail know that to a great
part of Washington it is also very detrimental,
inasmuch as disease is produced in that part of
the city, occupied by the President's House, and
the vicinity, coming within reach of the miasma
occasioned by some seventy acres of land being
93
exposed to a hot sun, an exposure which is made
consequent upon the existence of this bridge.
Mr. President, I understand the Mayor and the
citizens of Georgetown have held, or intend to
hold, a public meeting upon this subject, and their
papers connected with it have been given in charge
to the honorable Senator from North Carolina,
who is not now in his seat; and it is the desire of
the Mayor of Georgetown, if it meets with the
approbation of the Senate, that the Senate should
consent not to vote upon the bill to-day, so that
their views upon the subject may be expressed
intelligently to the body.
In reference to this matter, as a question of
practical importance, I will ask the attention of
the Senate, and the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, to what I state. There is a railroad, as we
all know, from Baltimore city to within sight of the
Capitol. The object is to make a railroad connect-
ing the Virginia road with the Baltimore road at
that point. How is that connection to be formed?
Not by locomotives passing through the streets of
Washington, but by simply substituting railroad
cars drawn by horses, for the omnibuses which
now carry the passengers from the depot to the
Virginia road.
I cannot imagine that that is a question of great
public convenience which should induce the Senate
to pass the bill against the unanimous desire of the
people of one of the cities of the District under our
exclusive legislative jurisdiction. I do not sup-
pose we will act upon this bill precipitately, when
the convenience to be answered by it is the simple
substitution of railroad cars, drawn by horses from
one part to another, in the place of omnibuses or
carriages which are now supplied foe the conveni-
ence of the public. Indeed, I do not know but
that it is just as convenient a way for the people,
who are traveling from one point to another, to be
transported from one depot to another in omni-
buses, as in the way proposed by the bill. This
does not present, then, that case of great public
interest or importance which should induce the
Senate, representing, as we do, the whole power
of legislation over the part of the District which is
unanimously opposed to it, to pass the bill to-day
without permitting them to have their views pre-
sented to the Senate. I move, theiefore, that the
bill lie upon the table.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. That motion is not de-
batable.
Mr. PRATT. I will withdraw the motion, if,
after the remarks which I have made, the Sena-
tor desires to submit his views now. I have said
that the Mayor of Georgetown sent his papers,
with the information which that corporation de-
sire to present to the Senate, to the honorable Sen-
ator from North Carolina who is not now in his
seat; and my only object wss to ask the postpone-
mentofthe subject until that Senator should be
present.
Mr. DAWSON. So I understand.
Mr. PRATT. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. DAWSON. As one of the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to which this subject
was referred, I desire to say that we have had it
under consideration, and as far as the Mayor and
Aldermen of Georgetown were concerned, they
were before us yesterday, and we appointed to- |
day to hear them in relation to the passage of]
this bill. After the granting of that application j
the request has been withdrawn, and, instead of !
the papers necessary to communicate the inform- {
ation to this body being still in the hands of i
the committee appointed to take charge of the in-
terests of the District, they have been submitted to
a gentleman having nothing to do with the com-
mittee; and now, in consequence of his absence,
they claim a postponement, and thus indirectly to
prevent action upon the bill.
Now what is the proposition here? No man,
Mr. President, can nave a stronger desire to sus-
tain the rights and interests, in every point of
view, of Georgetown, than I have. What is the
proposition now presented? It is whether the
right of way shall be granted to connect the rail-
road from Washington city to Baltimore with
Richmond, Virginia, and the entire South, by
passing over the Long Bridge, and makinga depot
here, to connect with the.Baltimore depot?
The objection presented by Georgetown is this,
and no more: that they fear, if you suffer the
railroad to be run over that bridge temporarily, it
will be a reason why the bridge shall be made per-
petual; and their object is to have that bridge re-
moved, and one constructed at Georgetown. That
is the object; and the question now presented is
this: whether this great public convenience, this
connecting link, shall be suspended so as to pre-
vent its being executed before the winter shall
come on? The railroad companies from Boston,
round to New Orleans, are exceedingly anxious to
have this link filled up; and the only reason which
is given why it should not be filled up, is this ar-
gument against the Long Bridge.
I have proposed to the city of Georgetown and
the city of Washington, that, at the proper time,a
motion should be made to destroy the Long
Bridge, and build another in a different place;
but Georgetown says " No, notwithstanding that,
we do not want the public to be benefited by fill-
ing up this link, for fear that the bridge will not
be removed hereafter." Shall this apprehension
of Georgetown postpone this great convenience to
the public from one end of the Union to the other?
My friend from Maryland puts it upon this
ground: Where is the difference between a con-
necting link across the bridge by omnibuses or by
railroad cars ? My fr-ierrd well knows that the
connecting link in the city of Baltimore and in the
city of Philadelphia, is all by railroad cars drawn
by horses. Now, he says, what is the differ-
ence? Why, sir, I pass through this place fre-
quently as an individual coming to this city, and
I land upon the other side of the water in a storm,
when rain or snow is descending. I must get out
there, find an omnibus, carry my baggage from
place to place, and be exposed m every form and
shape. If there was arailr©ad there, the baggage
would be brought over according to the plan
adopted at Baltimore and Philadelphia, and we
should all get into the cars and come secure to the
other depot, without getting into A, B, C or D's
omnibus, at nine, ten, or twelve o'clock at night,
or four in the morning.
I consider this attempt of Georgetown as a most
extraordinary effort to go against public conveni-
ence, and not for the benefit of a single individual
of the country, it is to suspend the public con-
venience merely to preventan apprehension on the
part of Georgetown that it may operate as a rea-
son wherefor the bridge shall not hereafter be re-
moved. Sir, the bill says that this is merely a
temporary arrangement; and those who undertake
to fill up this link say that it shall be done by the
next session of Congress. Georgetown would
consent to the bill for the railroad as soon as the
bridge was removed. And what was the reply of
the committee ? I believe the reply was unani-
mous—my friend happened to be absent at the
time—that we will have the road built now, not
for the purpose of transporting produce, but as a
mere temporary arrangement to test the practica-
bility of this form of railroad going over hill and
dale without grading. The bill says that when
Congress says it shall be stoppeu, it shall be
stopped. If" this can be done by the time Con-
gress meets again, and the railroad cars can be
drawn by horses and pass through the city without
obstructing anybody's rights, how can it injure
Georgetown ? It cannot do it. Georgetown con-
tends for a new bridge above,and she says that, if
one should be huilt below, it would destroy the
channel. In reply to that, I say that I will move
to remove the Long Bridge at the proper time.
They say we cannot consent to this. I submit
to Congress whether the North and South—
whether the public convenience—the convenience
of every man traveling from the North to the
South, arid from the South t« the North, shall be
suspended upon such a consideration, and whether
the bill shall be postponed after the papers have
been withdrawn from the Committee on the Dxs-
