764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Does the gentleman
say that I 
[Cries ofs< Order !" from ail sides of the Hall.]
• Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. No, Mr.Chairman,
I v/ant the facts.
[Renewed cries of " Order !"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will please preserve order.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I do not intend to
say anything disrespectful. I call the attention of
the gentleman to the facts.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
New York yield to the gentleman from Kentucky ?
Mr. CUTTING. Certainly, sir.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The gentleman has
said to the committee within the last minute, that
I said that he had the intention and the motive to
destroy the bill. Now I ask him to point to the
occasion when I made that remark.
Mr. CUTTING. I submit to this committee
that the whole tenor and scope of the speech of
the gentleman from Kentucky was an attack on
my motives in making the motion that I did. It
is in vain for him to attempt to escape from it by
disclaiming such an imputation. The facts are
before the committee, and I say to him that I scorn
his imputation I stand here not superior, but his
equal on this floor, havingformyselfa reputation as
dear, if not so lofty, as that of the member from
Kentucky; I stand here the representative of a con-
stituency of which I am now the impersonation,
so far as regards my district; and when the gen-
tleman undertakes by indirection to assail or to
impeach the reasons of my action and the objects
of my course, I hurl back upon him, with the in-
dignation which they deserve, that which is so
unwarrantable and so without ground.
I have stated frankly why I made the motion.
When I made it I observed that the bill required
amendment;thatitmustgo to the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union to be amended;
and that, unless it was amended, in my humble
judgment, it could not pass the House. Was
there anything indirect in that? Was there any-
thing covert? Was it not plain and palpable?
How dare the gentleman, then, upon this floor, in
the presence of those who heard me, undertake
to assert that I had professed friendship for the
measure, with a view to kill and assassinate it,
by sending it to the bottom of the Calendar ? And
then, when I remark that the Committee of the
Whole have under their control the House bill
which can betaken up, discussed, amended, and
reported to the House, he retreats, and escapes, and
skulks behind the Senate bill?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will ask the gen-
tleman from New Yoik—I suppose we are nearly
at the end of this personal explanation—to with-
draw that last word.
Mr. CUTTING. I withdraw nothing that 1
have uttered. What I have said has been in an-
swer to the most violent and the most personal
attack that has been witnessed upon this floor.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If the gentleman says
I skulk, he says what is false, and he knows it.
[Great sensation, and cries of ** Order!"]
Mr. CUTTING. I do not, sir, upon this floor,
answer remarks such as the member fiom Ken-
tucky has just made. It belongs to a different
arena. It is not here that I will desecrate my hps
by undertaking to retort on it in the manner which
it deserves. But, said the member from Kentucky,
the gentleman from New York undertakes to be
more southern than theSouth;to out-Herod Ilerod;
and he observed that 1 ass.ulcd the Badger proviso
as unjust to the South. Sir, I owe nothing to the
South. I have no desire to curry favor with that
section of the countiy. My desire was simply to
let the South understand what was my interpreta-
tion of that proviso; and that, understanding it
fully,and each gentleman knowing what itmeant,
"we might have legislation now as a guide for le-
gislation in future. I wanted to have that proviso
understood, for the purpose of ascertaining what
would be the application of it in case Cuba conies
in—what would be the interpretation if, by an act
of Congress following this, we were to declare
th.8t no laws, usages, or regulations affecting that
countiy weieany longer to heinfotce? I desired
it understood also in reference to those Mexican
provinces that nu^ht come into the Union hereaf-
ter. 1 wanted to know whether, when we legis-
late for New TiPi.n, CoahmU, Tamauhpas, and
Sonora, the principle involved in this bill is to he
applied to them—the great principle of non-con-
gressional interference—the principle of the right
of those provinces to form laws for themselves.
That was the ubject of the motion; a higher one,
a more statesmanlike one, if the member from
Kentucky will allow me to say so, than the course
of imputing base and improper views and objects
to others. 1 wanted to place the bill upon the
highest ground of discussion; I wanted to place it
upon principles which we could all understand,
and by which wecould be regulated for the future—
not having one principle north of the line of 36°
30', and another principle south of that line.
Now, as I understand the Badger amendment,
it annulled all laws of Spain and France establish-
ing or permitting slavery. I agree with that
piovision; I will vote for it, and stand by it, with
the perfect understanding that all the gentlemen
from the South understand it in the same way;
but 1 want no more of these after-claps, such as
they have had in the Senate. I do not desire, after
this bill shall have passed, to have the " Globe "
filled with caveats and protests against its interpre-
tation. We have two distinguished Senutois, one
from South Carolina, who protests, according to
my understanding of his language, that this bill
does not contain the principle of non-intervention
by Congress. I understand him to say, that it
does not contain a concession of the principle that
the people of the Territories have the right to
form their own laws. I understand him to take
the ground, that this bill is applicable to Ne-
braska, and Nebraska alone—that it has no refer-
ence whatever to the future; and when they come
to legislate in the future for other Territories, that
Congress, possessing the right of intervention,
and possessing the right of prescribing how those
Territories are to be governed,'shall, according to
the location, place, and circumstances, carry out
their legislation. The Senators to whom I have
referred deny the principle of the bill. They deny
theground upon which it has been carried through.
I desire now to call theattention of the committee
to this subject, so that we may understand it. I say
that the provision in question annuls French and
Spanish laws. Am I right in that construction ?
If you agree to it for all time; if you agree to it in
regard to the future, then, as far as I am con-
cerned, I am prepared, not only to vote for that
provision, but to recommend it as earnestly and
zealously as possible to the consideration and
adoption of the people of the North.
One word more. The gentleman from Kentucky
is still vindictive and full of acrimony, because
this Senate measure was taken from the Speaker's
table, where the gentleman says we had it snug
and safe. What does he mean by "snug and
safe?'' What does he mean by saying that it was
under the control of the committee, or some mem-
bers of this House? What I meant was, that it
should be taken from the place where it was snug
and safe, and sent to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, so that it would be out
of the power of anybody upon this floor to move
the previous question, and stop that full and free
discussion which, in my judgment, this measure
demands 
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I desire, in passing,
to say that I never said it was under the control
of certain members of this House.
Mr. CUTTING. Under the control of the
friends of the bill, then. I meant that there should
be upon this subject full, fair, open, and frank
discussion. I meant that there should be no resort
to parliamentary tact. I knew that we should
reach the House bill, and then, as for as we from
the North were concerned, we could not be pre-
vented from laying our views prominently and
fiankly before the country. I appeal to the good
sense and feeling of this committee, m what
respect, in what possible shape, can there be any-
thing like a reasonable, a rational objection to the
course which was adopted in that respect? Why
keep a bill upon the Speaker's table, where the
strictest rules of parliamentary debate and parlia-
mentary maneuver can always be resorted to?
"Vyhy, when you meant to discuss the bill in the
House, not have discussed it fully, and amend it,
as I said before, and there end it?
Now, Mr. Chairman, one word more, and I
have done. It is neither m the power of the Ad-
I ministration, nor of the menibei fiom Kentucky,
| nor of any other person in this House, to drive
I me off from an advocacy of the principle which I
deem right. But, at the same time, while I am
avowing that which is my rule of action and my
rule of conduct, to have gentlemen get up on this
floor to whom I thought 1 might have iooked with
confidence for support, at all events for an absti-
nence from irrational exhibition of temper and ill-
feeling—I say it did deeply wound and mortify me
to find a gentleman who was esteemed by those
whom I knew athome<—who had looked to him
as a friend—to find him who had beenunassailed,
unattacked, coming here to make a volunteer as-
sault upon me. I thought that he was the last
gentleman on this floor that should have been
guilty of that act—not merely with regard to the
circumstance that he knew that my friends had
been his friends—although he says he knows noth-
ing of the particular circumstance to which he
compelled me to allude specifically, hut because
he had known and heard me, over and again,avow
this principle as that which I deemed sound.
I regret, Mr. Chairman,that I have been under
the necessity of making these explanations. I
shall, hereafter, take no note of them. I regret,
too, that a colleague of mine from New Yoik,
[Mr. Walsh,] should have thought it necessary
to have got up on this floor to have made certain
suggestions entirely outside of the question we
were discussing, and having no reference to it. [
had supposed that that gentleman, from the inti-
macy which subsisted between us,-in regard to
public matters, had concurred expressly in the
propriety of sending the bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. I under-
stood him to assent directly and distinctly to it,
on asking him whether or not discussion was not
necessary, and whether or not it was not proper
to take the bill from the table, in order to avoid
any possible chance of having the discussion
brought-either to a premature close, or having
it so restricted that we could not place fully and
fairly all our views'before our constituents. I
counted on the support of my colleague, and re*
gret that he felt authorized to act in opposition to
his own express assent and consent in reference
to that course.
Sir, I have done. I do not mean in future to
permit either articles written by the Clerk of this
House, or by the Union newspaper, or by gentle-
men from any poition of the country, to drive me
from that position which I intend to assume and
maintain, if I am able. I mean to discuss, if I
can, this question as a measure of statesmanship,
in the best manner that my powers will enable
me, with a sincere desire of accomplishing the
passage of the bill in that shape which, in ray
humble judgment, will give the most satisfaction
to the country, and put at rest forever the fanati-
cism and the outcries which now prevail through-
out the land. It is my desire again to accomplish
a return to peace and harmony; and I would sug-
gest to gentlemen on this floor who are anxious
for the passage of the bill that it is not the best
mode of accomplishing that object by assailing
those who proclaim themselves to be frvorahle to
its principles, and favorable to all its great and
creditable demands. It seems to me that it would
answer a better purpose—if they really desire the
success of the bill—that they should turn their
batteries anywhere else, rather than to endeavor
by them to destroy its friends.
Mr. YATES obtained the floor.
Mr. DEAN. Will the gentleman from Illinois
be good enough to yield me the floor for the pur-
pose of enabling me to make a motion ?
Mr. YATES. Certainly, with pleasure.
Mr. DEAN. Then I move that the committee
do now rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman of the
committee [Mr. Hamilton] reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
had, according to order, had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill (No. 48) making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 31, 1855, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to, and
The House adjourned.
