1854.
have done a long time ago—remove the Long
Budge which is, and 1ms been for years, a nu£
sance.
The objection presented by the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia, amounts, in my mind, to no
objection. No greater inconvenience or embar-
rassment exists here than in Pittsburg. Ther.e
the western cars go to Alleghany City, cross a
bridge nearly as long as this, penetrate to the heart
of the city, or, indeed, go to the eastern limits of j
the city, before they reach the depot of the east- ;
era roads. The case is similar m Philadelphia, j
and also in Baltimore. From the western depot,
in Baltimore, the passengers aie carried in omm- 1
buees to the eastern depot, for New York. I
A Senator. By cars. J
Mr. BRIGHT. I say there are no cars from I
the western depot. I speak of the depot connect- i
ing with Pittsburg, not the depot of the Bala- ,
more and Ohio Railroad Company. From the :
western depot, connecting with the Pittsburg road, |
passengers are carried by omnibuses to the east- '
ern part of the city, for the New York tram. So
it is in the cities all over the Union. No greater :
inconvenience exists or results here, than exists
at various other points; and there is no reason, in ;
my mind, why this nuisance should be kept up.
One of the principal objections to the passage of-
the bill is, as 1 stated before, that it will be main-
taining, for the time being, a bridge that ought to j
be removed; and in proportion as you give it con-
sequence now, and throw around it railroad in-
fluence, which is generally potential, so far as
regards legislation, in that proportion it will be |
maintained from time to time. For that reason [
am against any further appropriation, saying j
nothing about my unwillingness to give up the
streets of this city for railroad purposes.
Mr. MASON. There need be no h esilancyin J1
passing the bill in its present shape. The honor- [
able Senator who has just taken bis seat says !j
that he can do nothing which will give counte-!•
nance, or even apparent countenance, on the part
of Congress, to the continuing of the present
bridge. Why, sir, at the present session, when
that bridge was injured by fire, it was repaired,
and cost some four or five thousand dollars, and I
have no doubt the Senate is prepared to vote the
appropriation necessary to defray that expense.
Within the last two years it was broken down by
a freshet, and both Houses voted an appropria-
tion to repair it; and so they will continue to do
until they shall determine to substitute some other
bridge in place of it. The honorable Senator, and
those who act with him. ask that we shall wait to
foim this connection between the North and South
by means of the railroad, until this litigated ques-
tion between the two cities, as to where a perma-
nent bridge shall cross the river, shall be decided.
I submit, most respectfully, it is a iittieunreason-
able. i have said, and I repeat, I believe George-
town has great cause of complaint because of the 1
construction of that bridge; but 1 am not prepared j
to say, as the honorable Senator is, that I should j
vote to-morrow to remove it. Publicconvemence 1
is too deeply interested in having a biidge com- J
rnumcation across the river, to remove that bridge [
until another is substituted for it. Iam satisfied;
that public opinion on both sides of the river will 1
sustain me in that view. Although .t be injurious
to Geoigetown, you must construct some other ,
bridge before that is removed.
All that is asked by this bill is, that you will i
enable this company, which is about to construct ;
a railroad between Alexandria and one or other of i
the District cities, to use that existing bridge as a
temporary mode of crossing the river until you '!
de'emrrine where you wiil make a permanent one. '!
Suppose the policy of the Senator should be !j
adopted, what would be the result? From year;)
to year, for five, ten, or twenty years, the ques ;!
tiori would be debated between the two cities, as ij
to where the permanent bridge should be con- j|
strutted; and in the mean time, this gap, highly n
inconvenient and injurious to the community, :l
would be left between the District cities and Alex- ij
andna. As to the experience of other cities, we i
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1475
vemence was impucatea and would be promoted \ the power to grant any such privilege. Sir.lrecol-
by changing the route of the railroad to carry u , lect that when, some years ago, 1 was passing by
tbecity. The honorable Senator said they j. railroad to the North, we used to be earned, at
go in omnibuses in passing from the North to the.; Baltimore, from the depot, a htlle way out of
; I ! ","11"' , y, T adopted 1 lown' by horsc Power> t0 ,he ^"or of the city,
theie what we ask tne Seriate to adopt here-from !; and thence by horse power through the city; ami
where the railroad stops with its locomotives, to |! the cars, after leaving the city, were attached to the
locomotive. 1 find this changed. I find that, as
soon as we reach the first depot in the city, we
have to take a hack or carriage tu bring us to the
other depot. I find that neither in the city of
Richmond nor in the town of Petersburg, on the
railroad on which I am in the habit of traveling
iij
pass through there in
omnibuses. There must be some reason why
tins privilege is refused; and why, having been
once granted in one place, it is withdrawn m
another. I am not prepared to make such an
experiment. I want to see introduced no addi-
tional dangers to the persons moving about the
streets of Washington; and I am, therefore, not
prepared to confer this privilege by an act of Con-
gless directly, or to give the authority to the city
of Washington to corner it.
I have seen nothing to satisfy me that the ar-
rangements which we have madeforthe temporary
patching of this bridge, from time to time, have
allow a track to be made to bring the same cars,
by means of horse power, to communicate with
the other depot; and all that is asked in the world
is that, until the important question to the two
cities, as to where the permanent bridge shall be
built, is decided, the railroad company may be    u-nvt,,lr„
allowed to use the existing bridge for temporary i, to and from this place, any such privilege i.
purposes. That is the whole of it. ; accorded. We have to pass through there i,
As to what is said by the honorable Senator • ■ —
from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] about interfering
with the streets of Washington,! will riot givean
opinion. He has given an opinion. Hesaysihat
anybody familiar with the topography of theplace
will find that, to carry out.the purpose of the bill, it
will be necessary to cut down and destroy one of
the streets. 1 do not know that fact. I have been
informed here by somebody, that Maryland ave-
nue is already graded and cut down suitably for
this road. How the fact Is, 1 do not know. 1 do
not aver it. It is said to be so. But i do know
that the ingenuity of engineers, when it is import- t   
ant to make a i ailroad, will overcome any obstacle, !■ done anything else than'to retard the accomplish-
on/1 tir 11 V\ !•  t ooi'iaiici tss. < U ^  .  1 _ c _ . i ^ '
! and without serious injury to the adjacent coun-
try. The bill provides that the company shall
bring their road through such streets as the city
of Washington shall allow; and it provides the
further safeguard that Congress may,at any time,
revoke this legislation. I do not. want to detain
the Senate, but 1 trust the bill will not be ordered
to lie upon the table, but will be acted upon at once.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, some years
ago,when a portion of the Long Bridge was carried
away by a freshet, and it wds pioposed to make
an appropriation for its repair, I entertained and
expressed the opinion which I have entertained
since, for I have heard nothing as yet to change it,
that so long as Congress should make appropria-
tions to patch up^hat bridge, we never should be
relieved from the nuisance which it now presents
to the river, and the unjust encumbrance and ob-
struction which it offers to the commerce of the
neighboring city; that so long as the bridge was
patched up, we should get no other bridge; and I
then expressed the wish, which I still entertain,
that the freshet, instead of carrying away a part,
had swept from the river the whole of the struc-
ture. So far, we have seen nothing done tov/ards
the erection of a new bridge. There stands the
old structure; years have passed away; another
accident has destroyed it partly, and it has been
repaired without application to Congress, or with-
out taking the judgment of Congress upon the
question whether they were willing to make a '
further appropriation for its repair.
This bill, if I understand it—for I knew nothing :
about it Uftil I came to the Senate this morning, !
some time after the discussion commenced—pro- !
poses to give to a railroad company the right to !
run its cars across the river on that hridge, and ;
also to give to the company the right to run its ;
cars through some of the streets of Washington. ;
Mr. MASON. By horse power.
Mr. BADGER. By horse power. Now, Iam j
for conceding neither. I object to granting them
the privilege of transporting their railroad cars 1
across this bridge. I do not see any reason '
why it should be conferred; but, [ see, accoidmg
to my view of the case, a strong reason why it ■
ought not to be conferred. The more appliances ;
that are employed to make that rmisanceserviceable I,
to anybody,or in any respect, will tend still more j,
to perpetuate it—to putfurther and further off the j;
time, which I hope to see, when it shall be re-
moved, and a suitable bridge erected. '!
fn the next place, 1 would not give my consent |!
to authorize the running of railroad cars across |
that bridge, because it must be manifest that it was
not made for such a purpose. It is not adapted <
for such a purpose. I cannot see how it could be
otherwise than throwing out a trap, on the part
know that they have been employed from yearto 'j of Congress, to railroad traveleis, to trust th# ir
year in endeavoringtoovercometheinconvenience
of having a gap between two roads that ought to
connect. Take the city of Baltimore. Until
within the last two years, f think, the cars went
from the outside of the city limits into Baltimore
by horse power; but they found the public con-
lives on a structure which was not designed for '
the end for which it is now urged to be used.
Then, Mr. President, 1 am not disposed to j
grant the privilege of running railroad cars, with
horses, through the streets of Washington. I am s
not for conferring upon the corporation of the city '
mem of a great good for the sake of preventing a
small, inconsiderable evil. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Virginia that I am not disposed to let this
question rest until Georgetown and Washington
settle it; not at all I do not want ten years to
pass away while they nre settling the question
where the permanent bridge shall be made. I
wish to confer the power upon the President of
the United States (0 select the location. I wish
to-make an appropriation to erect abridge, f
wish him to select the plan. I wish him to select
the place, and have it constructed in such a man-
ner as he shall deem best for the general good of
the country. Certainly, Mr. President, under the
present circumstances, 1 cannot feel disposed to
vote for this bill.
Mr. ADAMS. I desire to move to postpone
the further consideration of this subject until to-
morrow, for the purpose of proceeding to the con-
j! sideration of the special order, which is the indi-
! gent insane bill, and upon which the Senator from
I Tennessee [Mr. Bell] has the floor. It is now
!( past the usual hour for taking up the special order,
j, and f therefore submit the motion to postpone.
I; Mr. BELL. I have no anxiety about having
11 the subject postponed for my convenience,
j! Mr. STUART. I hope that will be done. The
j! Senator from Tennessee has the floor on the indi-
; sent insane bill, and it is certainly desirable that
u we should dispose of that hill to-day. There in
J' also another advantage which will result from
-j postponing this subject. We shall have the bill
printed, and can look at it and see what its pro-
visions are. I hope, therefore, the Senate will
i agree to the postponement.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pettit in
; the chair ) The question is on postponing the
! further consideration of the subject until to-morrow,
j Mr. PRATT. And let the bill and memorial
j be printed.
; The motion to postpone was agreed to; and the
| bill and memorial were ordered to be printed.
: house bill referred.
| The bill from the House of Representatives, to
' aid the Territory of Minnesota in the construc-
I tion of a railroad therein, was read a first and
I second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
annual meeting of congress.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
change the day for the annual assembling of Con-
gress, was read a first time, and passed to a sec-
ond reading.
pension laws.
Mr. HAMLIN". I move that the Senate take
up the joint resolution relative to the administra-
tion of the pension laws, for the purpnseof having
it recommitted to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution was recommitted.
surgeons' mates of the revolution-
ary army.
Mr. DAWSON. The Committee on Military
