1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7&5
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 28, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milbcrn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing tharthey had passed a bill to estab-
lish additions* land districts in the Territory of
Minnesota
THE MEXICAN FRAUDS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, during the
last Congress a select committee, of which Mr.
Soule was chairman, was appointed by the Senate,
to which were referred memorials on the files of
the Senate i-n relation to the proceedings of the
Board of Commissioners on the claims against
Mexico. Before a report was made, at the con-
clusion of the last special session, although the
basis of a report had been agreed upon, Mr.
Soule was appointed to a mission abroad. I was
a member of the committee, and now, as such,
beg leave to submit the report of that committee.
1 will read the arrangement of the papers which
1 desire to lay before theSenate; and i further ask
that they may be printed:
First. The report of the committee.
Second. The journal of the committee.
Third. The testimony taken before the Com-
mittee.
Fourth. Documents and papers referred to in
the journal and testimony.
Fifth. The journal and report of the commis-
sioners sent to Mexico by the committee to ex-
amine into the Gardiner and Mears cases.
Also, testimony, documents, and papers accom-
panying the same.
A number of documentsand papers, notdeemed
material to the elucidation of the mattars referred
to by the committee, will be filed in the office of
the.Secretary of the Senate. Although the docu-
ments look very formidable, when printed the
volume will not be a very large one. The books
presented, being the book of testimony and the
journal, are not full.
I ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to
submit this report, and I ask that it may be laid
upon the table, and printed.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I ask the in-
dulgence of the Senate to make a few remarks in
connection with the report of the select committee
on the claims under the Mexican treaty, before
any order is made for its printing. I was a mem-
ber of that committee, and 1 ask to be heard, be-
cause 1 think, in justice to the committee, it is
right that what might look like apparent delay or
negligence on our part should be fully explained.
The petitions were referred to us about two
years ago. There were some sixty-three or sixty-
four of these petitions. Of course, the general
mode of proceeding in the action of the comiftittee
in that, as in other cases, was regulated byVhe
determination and view of the chairman of fee
committee. Immediately after our organization
we directed a notice to be forwarded to all the peti-
tioners, with a view to elicit any testimony which
they might have sustaining their grounds of com-
plaint. In answer to these notices, we also received
information which led us necessarily into the in-
vestigation of the claims of Gardiner and Mears.
They occupied the greatest portion of our time.
The examination of the witnesses in these cases
superinduced so strong a conviction of fraud, that,
arriving at the conclusion that the matter could be
determined beyond controversy by sending a com-
mission to Mexico to ascertain the existence or
non-existence of the mines for which the damage
was claimed, the committee determined on that
course. As the Executive wished also to be rep-
resented in that commission, unavoidable delays
were occasioned in sending it out.
After the return of the commission, (which
caused the greatest delay,) the committee, during
the special Executive session of the Senate
last spring, having completed their labors, agreed
upon the basis of their report, and the heads of it
were noted by the honorable chairman of the
committee, [Mr. Soule.] He had then, I believe,
-been appointed Minister to Spain; but had not
yet accepted the appointment; and he undertook
to prepare, from the determinations of the com-
mittee, the report; and, by order of the Senate,
that report was to be printed in the vacation.
From reasons of which 1 have no knowledge,
he left the couniry without performing that duty,
and without any communication whatever to any
member of the committee. I have no doubt, from
what I have heard, that his reason was a good
one; that, as the case of Gardiner had not yet
been disposed of, and as there was an action of
criminal jurisprudence pending, in which the der
fendant ought not to be prejudiced by any ex parte
statement on the part of the Government, he
thought it was wiser not to file that report in
vacation until that case should be determined. I
presume that must have been the reason, why,
contrary to his engagement with the committee,
the honorable gentleman who then representWPthe
State of Louisiana in the Senate did not make
the report, in accordance with the determination
of the committee. If such was the reason which
existed in his mind, I think it was sufficient. But it
placed us in this obviously-awkward predicament:
that -wTfCPtr SKfi^etujned here at this session of Con-
gress, no mefflrberofthecommittehadtheslight&st
idea that the report had not been prepared accordr i
ing to their determination. It then fell upon thq#'
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brod-
head,] as the member of the committee who was
next in order in the selection of theSenate, to pre-
pare a report. That, of course, required a great
deal of labor, in addition to what had been pre-
viously encountered on his part, and rendered a
revision of the testimony necessary , in order to
arrive at proper conclusions. This is the reason
why the report of the committee has been so long
delayed.
There is another reason, however, Mr. Pres-
ident, and that is this: Immediately on going into
the investigation of the complaints of the peti-
tioners, I will state for myself that I adopted
two geneial rules. I considered that the duty
which devolved upon us. was mainly to ascer-
tain whether the complaints of the petitioners
were well grounded, and required a revision of
their claims by the appointment of a new com-
mission; because that was what the petitioners
asked for. In order to determine thai question,
it seemed to me that there was but one course,
and that was, to look over the whole series of de-
cisions—to compare the evidence in each case
where complaint was made with the memorial of
the petitioner, and the adjudication and opinion
delivered by the board, "the committee did that;
and the Senate may well understand that it was a
labor of no slight extent.
For my own part, I think I can say with safety
I examined the opinions of that commission in at
least fifty-five out of the sixty-three cases to which
the petitions referred. I made this examination
in order to determine whether the general conclu-
sions of the commission showed such laxity or
such disregard of the rights of the petitioners that
we would be justified in saying, there had been
such a non-performance of duty that we must
recommend to the Senate a revision of the claims
which had been previously acted upon. In that
investigation, I found but one solitary case, my-
self, in which I could say that, as against the pe-
titioners, the commissioners had allowed less than
they were entitled to; and therefore, necessarily,
(and the committee were unanimous in that,) we
could find in the decisions of the commissioners
as against the claimants no sufficient grounds
whatever to impeach those decisions and require
a revision of the action of the commissioners for
the benefit of the petitioners. We therefore de-
termined against recommending any additional
commission.
But there was another class of cases. I also
looked at those cases, and 1 believe the committee
did, on this principle: that if there was a plain and
palpable mistake in law in any one decision,_as
against the petitioner, on the face of the petf|ion
itself, without going into a detail of the facts ^nd
reasoning on which it was founded, the commit-
tee would, in such particular case, feel themselves
justified in recommending that it should be rehea#
before the accounting officers of the Treasury.
The result of that mode of investigation was, that
in two cases the committee arrived at the conclu-
sion that they ought to be reheard, and it is their
intention to report a bill for that purpose.
One was the case of Mr. ,Tarrero,in which the
mistake consisted in this: The commission de-
cided, at first, that a claim made by an American
citizen, which was of .Mexican origin though held
by an American citizen at the-time of the conclu-
sion of the treaty, was not within its terms; and
theiefore they rejected it, i think, on strong
groun Is; but, contrary to theii principle as estab-
lished in that class of cases, in the case of Mr.
Jarrero, though the claim, they say, is an un-
doubted claim, because it was held by him they
rejected it. What the form of transfer was did
not appear before the committee; but there was an
American claim, American in its origin, of which
the benefit would go to Mr. Jarrero, whether as
collateral security or absolutely the committee
have no knowledge. But I take the statement of
the commissioners. They rejected even the hear-
ing of that claim, as we thought, clearly in viola-
tion of a plain principle of jastice. Hence we
thought that claim ought to be reheard by the ac-
counting officers, in order to determine whether or
not it was a valid claim under the treaty.
That is one case. In the other case there was
a portion of a claim of Mr. Levy, which a ma-
jority of the committee believed stood upon the
same principles as regarded the propriety of a re-
hearing. These are the only two eases in which
we have come to the conclusion that the petitioners
ought to be reheard.
When, however, 1 make the remark, that, as
against the memorials of the petitioners and their
statements of facts,, the committee could discover
no ground for relief whatever, I couple it with
this further fact, that, in my own opinion, (and I
believe the opinion of the Senate is so expressed
m their report,) there was eminent ability dis-
played in the general investigations and the opin-
ions of the commissioners; but I am sorry to say
myself, that, as regards the cases of Gardiner and
Mears, it was not displayed. The opinions of
the committee, and the conclusions they draw
from these cases, are as mild as could be drawn-
Independently of these two cases, there is also
one other case at least, where the decision was in
favor of the allowance of the claim against the
United States, in which I am unable to appreciate
or understand the distinction in which, by possi-
bility, a lawyer could have arrived at the result at
which these commissioners arrived in the allow-
ance of that claim. It was a claim of Aaron Leg-
gett, which had previously been before the mixed
commission, and upon which the American and
Mexican commissioners had differed. One had
rejected the claim in tolo, and the other had ad-
mitted it to the amount of over $400,000. The
umpire heard the case, decided it, and allowed the
claim to the extent of §99,000. The commission-
ers, under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, ad-
mitted that it was not within their jurisdiction; that
they had no right, under the treaty, to revise the
decisions made by the umpire; and yet they drew
as fanciful a distinction as could possibly be drawn,
for the purpose of making out an original claim
against the Government of Mexico, and so revis-
ing the decision of the umpire, and allowing an
additional amount for injuries sustained, under a
claim which had been ad judicated under the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
Sir, I state these facts generally, without going
into details; but I confess all that I read, and all
the cases which I examined in reference to the pro-
ceedings of the commissioners in the case of Aaron
Leggett, was most unfavorable. There was no
testimony whatever before the committee in re-
gard to it, and this is noihing but the result at
which 1 arrived, as to the almost legal impossibil-
ity of the conclusion which had been arrived at by
the commissioners in that case.
Mr. BROWN. This report is the result of a
tedious investigation into a matter which has cre-
ated a great deal of public excitement and talk.
When printed it will be sought for very generally.
I suggest, therefore, to the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania*^ the propriety of asking the publication of
a few extra copies.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That can be done here-
afMr. BROWN. But I thought this was the
proper time to make the order.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Before the vote is taken on
the order to print, I beg to make a remark respect-
in" the case of Mr. Leggett, to which my colleague
oifthe committee [Mr. Bayard] has referred. I
concur with him in the opinion that thpre was no
jurisdiction over that case in the last Board of
