766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
Commissioners, organized under the treaty of
1848 with Mexico; that although Mr. Leggett
may have had injustice done to him by the mixed
commission, which 3 deny, still the matter had
passed in rem judicaif/m, and the last Board could
not properly take jurisdiction of the case. Yet,
as there appeared to be nofraud,no concealment,
no undue influence in the case, on the part of
those who presented it, we makenospecial recom-
mendation in regard to it. Ninety-nine thousand
dollars were allowed him by the mixed commis-
sion, and $107,000 by the last. There appeared,
however, to be no evidence of fraud, but onty a
misconception in the case.
The report was ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a pe-
tition of the Board of Directors of the Mississippi
Valley Railroad Company, asking agraritof land;
"which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. RUSK presented a document in relation to
the claim of Catharine Arnold, widow of Ripley
A. Arnold, and officer of the second regiment of
dragoons, to a pension; which was referred to the1
Committee on Pensions
Also, the memorial of John S. Rhea, praying
to be released from responsibility, for a sum of
money stolen while in his custody as collector of
the customs for the district of Brazos Santiago,
Texas; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the special order, the
deficiency bill.
Mr. PETTIT, I shall be compelled to resist
that, so far as I can, until 1 have an opportunity
of presenting a petition and report. 1 have been
here trying all duy to get in the petition and
report which ! desire to present.
Mr. HUNTER. I w. uld yield to the Senator
with pleasure, but I know that there are some
others m the same condition as himself; and the
hour which was set apart for (he consideration of
the deficiency bill having arrived 1 consider it to
be my duty to call for Us consideration. I should
like to have an hour or an hour and a half for it
lo-day.
Mr, PETTIT. It is just necessary, and it
is as much in order, to make a report now as it is
to attend to that bill. Let us Slave until one o'clock
to attend to morning business. I desire but a few
minutes to submit a report, and have it ordered to
be printed.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of opinion
that, under the rule, no other business being pend-
ing, the Senator from Virginia has a right to call
for the special' order. The deficiency bill was
made the special order for half-past twelve o'clock
to-day. The Senate, however, if it sees proper,
can determine to postpone it, so as to take up other
business.
Mr. PETTIT. It was not made the special
order.
Several Senators. It was.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am inclined to think that
there is some misapprehension in regard to that
point.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will have the
Journal read for the information of the Senate.
Mr. SHIELDS!. I will state my recollection
of the matter. The bill was postponed until half-
past twelve o'clock to-day, but I think it was not
made the special order.
Several Senators. Yes, it was.
Mr. SHIELDS. The bill cannot, however, be
advanced by acting in this way. 1 ask the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia to allow me to make
a report.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 know that the bill cannot
be advanced if gentlemen choose to debate as to
what is the order of business. We can very well
spend an hour to-day, aw we did yesterday, m tha
manner of proceeding. The bill was made the
special order for half-past twelve oVJock to-day,
as I understand; the Journal, however, will show
the fact.
The PRESIDENT, That part of the Journal
wili be read.
The Secretary read the following, from the
Journal;
11 After debate, on the motion of Mr. Mason,
" Ordered, That the further consideration uf the bill be
postponed until half-past twelve to-monow.'5
Mr. SHIELDS. I believe my recollection is
right.
Mr. PETTIT. It was not made the special
order for this hour.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it necessary to move to
postpone the prior orders to take up the bill?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly; as the bill was
not made the special order.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I make that motion.
Mr. PETTIT. I object to it. I want to have
an opportunity to make a report.
f motion was agreed to*, there being, on a
n—ayes 25, noes 10.
DEFICIENCY "BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill from the
House of Representatives to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1854, the pending
! question being on the amendment submitted by
• ,1 Mr. Hamlin, to add to the following amendment
ted from the Committee on Finance:
J/reporti
" For
For the purchase of a new site for the custom-house in
San Francisco .^-oO.OUO; and the jSeeietary of the Treasury
is hereby authorized, if in lus judgment the public interest
will theieby be promoted, to apply this appropriation, and
as much an may be necessary of foimer approbations, for
the erection of a custom hou>eonthe land reserved for^aid
purpose, to the purchase of a building or buildings, for a
custom house and oilier public offices; and the said Secre-
tary ot the Trcasmy is hereby directed to take all legal pro-
ceedings which may be necep«-aiy or advisable to maintain
and secure the possesion and title of the United States to
the lot heretofore selected for the site of a custom-house
the words:
For rebuilding; the custom-house at Portland, Maine,
$•200,(WO ; said building to contain accommodations lor a
post office, and room-, tor the United States courts.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed, by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to withdraw the amendment
which was under consideration yesteiday, in ref-
erence to the purchase of a new site for a custom-
house in San Francisco. That subject was
brought before the Senate, because the committee
| believed it to be important to the Government of
I the United States that the power proposed to be
given by the amendment should be conferred
upon the Secretary of the Treasury; but inasmuch
as it may embarrass the bill, and lead to other
amendments which may jeopardize it in the other
House, I am instructed by the committee to with-
draw it. It was brought forward, not at the in-
stigation or suggestion of the representatives of
that State, but under the impression that it was
important to the Government of the United States
to have the power conferred on the Secretary of
the Treasury.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Cali-
fornia asks the unanimous consent of the Senate
to withdraw the amendment reported from the
Committee on Finance, to which he alludes.
No objection was made.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment, together
with the amendment to the amendment, is with-
drawn.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to suggest to the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, the pro-
priety of an amendment respecting an appropria-
tion for the continuance of the water-works in this
city. 1 understand that progress cannot be made
I with the woik unless an appropriation be made.
; An appropriation was made at the last session to
; bring water into the city of Washington, but
I unless an additional appropriation be made at this
{ time I understand the work will not be advanced
. during the summer months.
j Mr. HUNTER. I will suggest to the Senator
I that if he desires to bring up that subject, the
■ proper time will he after the amendments reported
' from the committee have been disposed of.
"ne question rocuried on the next amendment
he Committee on Finance, which had been
pted from the general vote on the amend-
nts. It was to add the following additional
tion:
' Sec. —. %-Qnd be it fuithcr evaded, That before any
payment shall hereafter be mad" to anv invalid pensioner,
whose name shall have been upon the pension li^-t two
years, he shad producc to the agent for paying pensions to
whom he--hall applj for pnym nt the affidavit of two sui-
geons or phvsiciaiw, apptoved by the Pcoctary of the in-
terior. stating, fioin p.'i^onal examination, the continuance
of the disability, de.-cribinsr it, for which the pension vva^
originally granted, and the date of such disabiluy at the
time of making such affidavit, and every two years after
the date of such affidavit he shall, belore receiving any
fuiiher payment, pioduce to said agent a similar affidavit;
and it in said affidavit the disability shall be stated at a rate
below that for which the pension was ongmaily granted,
he shall only be paid at the rate stated in said affidavit—said
affidavit shall be filed by said agents, and carefully preser-
ved, and copies thereof sh^ll be transmitted, with the semi-
annual returns of said agents, to the Commissioner of Pen-
sion®, who shall file them with the original papers of said
pensiom r, respectively : Provided, That when the pension
shall have been originally granted by a special act of Con-
gress. or for a total disability for the loss of a limb, or other
cause, which cannot be removed, either in.whole win jMrt,
the above affidavit sdiall not be required t,.8nd "provided
further, That if any person entitled to an uv&nJ^ pension
shall be in the possession of a salaried civil ofa®, his pen-
sion .'hall b^ suspended during the time of his employment
in said civil office."
Mr. ADAMS. In a very few words I will state
my reasons for objecting to the amendment, and
asking the Senate to refuse to concur in it. 1 wish
I to suggest what 1 consider an impropriety in re-
j quiring the pensioners every two years to renew
! the certificates of their disability. It will be ex-
! ceedingly troublesome and inconvenient if it be
! required of a pensioner. I think the Committee
| on Finance have proceeded upon the supposition,
j especially in the last clause, to which I have here-
tofore objected, that these pensions are granted
i as favors and bounties to those who have suffered
| in the service of the country. I look upon them
i in a very different light I view them as a compen-
sation, as pay for services rendered and injuries
; sustained in the service of the country. If you
I require an invalid pensioner every two years to
: obtain the certificates of two surgeons, approved
I by the Secretary of the Interior, so as to make it
j evidence at the Department before the pension
! agent, you impose a very heavy burden, and a
j troublesome and inconvenient duty upon the pen-
; sioner, and you will be trammeling the payment
; of the debt, as ! conceive, unnecessarily,
j To the last clause I have still stronger objec-
| tions. It provides that any person receiving a
| pension, who may be in the receipt of a salary
j which is conferred upon him either by the Gene-
i nil Government, or by the people among whom
| he lives, shall have his pension suspended during
the time he is in receipt of his salary. Now what
reason is there for thatr If the disability under
■ which he labors entitles him to the compensation
which is fixed by the existing laws, why will you
, take it from him because his fellow-citizens think
proper to confer upon him an office? I see no
! reason, no propriety, no justice, in such a provis-
! ion. My idea of our pension system is a difTer-
! ent thing. I would myself rather pay every man
' who served the country in any capacity a sum
' sufficient, at the end of his services, to settle up
; and be even with him, and his children, and his
grandchildren. It would be a great advantage to
; the country if that could be done; but as we have
j adopted the system under which we are now act-
ing,! see no propriety in trammeling the payment
of the debt in the way the amendment proposes.
Mr. RAYARD. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting, after the words " civil office,'*
tl/ words " under the United States," so that the
lause will read:
I" That if any person entitled to an invalid pension shall be
in the possession of a salaried civil office under the United
Statee, his pension fhfdl be appended during the time of
his employment in said civil office."
I can understand why a pension outfit not to .
be paid to a person who accepts a civil office un-
der the United States. That would be pensioning
our own officers. If they have health, and strength0,
and capacity to perform an office which they
choose to accept, 1 think the pension ought to be
suspended; but I cannot understand the applica-
tion of the rule as regards the action of the States.
If a Sfate chooses, in addition to the pension of
the officer, to give him some office of which he
can perform the duties, I do not think we should
interfere in reference to that. I therefore move
the amendment which I have suggested.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know that I have
any objection to the amendment of the Senator
from Delaware. I desire to state, in regard to the
amendment reported from the committee, the pro-
priety of which is disputed, that it was made at
the request, and on therecommendation of the Sec-
retary^ the Interior—-that is, all of it save the last
provision, which requires that the invalid pension
shall cease when the pensioner receives the per-
quisites of a civil office. All the rest of theamend-
ment has been earnestly recommended by the Sec-
