1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1477
Ordered, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be discharged from the further consideration of the
petition for a mail route from Hudsonville, Illinois, and
Bel-Air, Also, lor a mail route from Marshall to Chailes-
town ; and also from Grevilie to Charlestown, and also
from Charlestown to Sullivan.
[The object of Mr. A. is to laythem before the
Post Office Department.]
MODIFICATION OF THE POSTAGE LAWS.
Mr. OLDS. I am directed by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads to report the
following bill:
A bill further to amend the act entitled "An act
to reduce and modify the rates of postage of the
United States, and for other purposes," passed
March 3, 1851.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and was then read by the Clerk in extenso.
Mr. OLDS. I desire merely to say to the
House that this is the fifth section of the substi-
tute for the postage bill, acted on by the House
the other day. It makes the postage of letters for
distances under three thousand miles three cents,
and requires prepayment, and that that prepay-
ment be by .stamps. It puts ocean postage at five
cents for distances under three thousand miles,
and at ten cents for distances over three thousand
miles. That postage is now ten and twenty cents.
Inasmuch as I do not propose to say a word
myself in reference to this subject, supposing that
the bill is perfectly understood by the House, I
propose now to move the previous question on its
passage; and let the bill be either lost or passed.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio to withdraw his motion, simply for the
purpose of enabling me to ask him a question in
reference to this bill, to which I have no hostility ?
Mr. OLDS. Certainly.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to know if this is what
was left of the substitute the other day after the
House had stricken out the sections respecting the
franking privilege, and that which proposed to in-
crease the postage on newspapers ?
Mr. OLDS. This is the fifth section of the
substitute. It contains nothing about newspapers
or the franking privilege. It is precisely the fifth
section of that bill.
Mr. HAVEN. The gentleman from Ohio will
excuse me for making another observation. To
me this bill is entirely unexceptionable, as I think
that the prepayment of postage at the rate of three
cents is a desirable thing, and it will save a great
deal of intricate machinery in the Post Office.
Mr. OLDS. I now move the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, that we may, if possible, get clear
of the civil and diplomatic bill to-day; and on that
motion I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Parker, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 75, noes 54.
Mr. OLDS. I call for the yeas and nays. But
if the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. J ones] will
withdraw his motion for a moment, to allow me
to make a motion to recommit the bill, and that
it be printed, I am willing that it should go over
until to-morrow morning.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I cannot withdraw
the motion.
Mr. OLDS. Otherwise the bill will go to the
Speaker's table and be lost. I therefore ask the
yeas and nays upon the motion.
Mr. HAMILTON. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will allow the motion to recommit to
be entertained.
Mr. JONES. You have already voted it down.
It was done the other day.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Will the Chair
allow me to make an inquiry? If the House re-
solve to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union now, what will be the con-
dition of the bill of the gentleman from Ohio?
The SPEAKER. I twill go upon the Speaker's
table.
Mr. STEPHENS. If a motion is made now
to recommit the bill, will it not come up to-iuor-
row morning?
The SPEAKER. It will come up during the
morning hour.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I hope the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] will withdraw
the motion.
^ Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no objec-
tion to the gentleman's making the motion.
Mr, OLDS. Then I move to recommit the bill
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a privileged question.
I desire to make a personal explanation in con-
nection with the resolution which I offered yester-
day; and I desire the consent of the House to do
so before the House resolves itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
No objection being made,
Mr. BROOKS proceeded. To guard against
misapprehension, misrepresentation, and misre-
porting, 1 have put what I desired to say in
writing. What I have to say is this:
It has been intimated to me that the resolutions
of which I gave notice on yesterday might be
fairly construed by some, and designedly so by
others, into a censure upon my friend from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Churchwell.] I now declare that
to censure that gentleman, even by implication,
was no part of my design. No one knows better
than himself, that my sympathies were with him
because of political association; and many with
whom I am most familiar, know that, impressed
as I was with the belief that there was a concerted
plan by some of the opponents of the Nebraska
bill to embarrass the gentleman, I had avowed my
purpose to sustain him under every circumstance,
and had made animated efforts to produce in them
a like determination.
They also know that it was my intention to
move to lay on the table the resolution of which
notice was given by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Millson,] and which I, in common with
others, fancied, at the time, to be a maneuver of a
combination.
In regard to the action of the gentleman from
Virginia, I have to say, I am now satisfied that I
was in error, and did him injustice by the suspi-
cions I entertained. I now know that they were
unfounded.
In respect to my resolutions I have this to say.
It had been openly asserted on the floor, in reply
to a manly and tasteful apology for violating the
decorum of this body, that a " deadly instru-
ment " had been angrily exhibited in this House.
This announcement would go to the country; and
without intending to support or deny the asser-
tion as to the exhibition of a weapon, it occurred
to me that there was a manifest propriety in tem-
pering so grave an announcement, by coupling
with it an assurance to the public that this House
would reprobate, whenever it might occur, con-
duct so at variance with its decorum, and detract-
ing from the dignity of the American Congress.
The first of the resolutions I presented is founded
in propriety, in honor, and in wisdom, and I shall
insist upon its being added to the rules of the
House.
The other was intended to ridicule an unmanly
and pernicious habit, and to restore by a jest the
harmony of the House, which was fast becoming
excited and divided.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the gentleman from
South Carolina to allow me a single word.
Mr. BROOKS. With pleasure.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to say, in connec-
tion with the remarks submitted by the honorable j
member from South Carolina, in relation to his j
impression that there was a preconcerted plan to !
embarrass the honorable gentleman from Ten- |
nessee, [Mr. Churchwell,] that it is due to ;
others, and especially to those involved in the J
trouble, that I should say, as I do now, that there j
was nothing like a preconcerted plan on my part j
with others in bringing up the matter which I
brought before the House connected with the ex-
planation of the honorable gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Churchwell] on Monday. And,
sir, 1 avail myself of the courtesy of my friend
from South Carolina, because I have understood
from other sources that it has been asserted that
I had made a prearranged or premeditated combi-
nation for the purpose of putting him in a false
position.
it is especially due to the colleague of the gentle-
man [Mr. Cullom] now before me, that I should
say, as I do now, to the House and the country,
that he had nothing to do, directly or indirectly,
with the personal explanation which I made before
the House on that day, in relation to the use of
my name in the speech of the honorable member
[Mr. Chuchwell] on the Nebraska bill. He had
no knowledge of my design to do so at that time.
And let me say, that I had no intention of bring-
ing the matter up at the time, when I entered
the Hall on Monday morning. I did not think
of such a thing until the gentleman from Tennes-
see himself brought the matters connected with
his speech before the House.
It is certainly due, Mr. Speaker, to all parties,
that I should here, in this open way, before the
House, acquit all those who participated in the
discussion of Monday last of anything like a
combined or premeditated design to assail, in any
way, the honorable gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Churchwell.]
Mr. BROOKS. I am unwilling, sir, to hold to
the belief expressed in my previous remarks,
after the assurance of the gentleman from Ohio.
When I am assured, as has been done by the gen-
tleman on his honor, that no such combination
existed, I am, as a gentleman, bound to believe
that none existed, 1 do so believe, and am glad
of having given the opportunity to the gentleman
from Ohio for explanation. I knew that suspi-
cion of combination was entertained. I knew that
it was entertained generally; and gentlemen on
that side must admit that there were circumstances
of a suspicious nature connected with the mat-
ter.
Mr. MILLSON. I desiretosay asingleword.
The SPEAKER. Is there unanimous consent
to the gen tleman's proceeding with his explanation ?
Mr. RUSSELL. I object.
Mr. MILLSON. I have the floor by the con-
sent of the gentleman from South Carolina.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was under the
impression that the gentleman from South Caro-
lina yielded up the floor altogether.
Mr. BROOKS. I yielded for explanation to the
gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. MILLSON. One word only. It is matter
of surprise to me, sir, that any gentleman in this
Hall would suppose that, in introducing the reso-
lution yesterday, 1 could have been influenced by
any other motive than to vindicate the dignity of
the House. I wish only to say, that whatever
have been the impressions of the gentleman from
South Carolina, either in his original suspicion or
his present belief, they have been derived from
no word that I have uttered to him; for I have
had no conversation with him on the subject.
Mr. HUNT. I desire to call the attention of
the honorable member from South Carolina, whom
I know to be a man of honor, to an expression of
a general character made use of in his remarks.
He said: "And many with whom I am most fa-
miliar know that, impressed as I was with the
belief that there was a concerted plan by the oppo-
nents of the Nebraska bill to embarrass the gentle-
man/'&c. As a gentleman, I am incapable of
doing wrong to any man. When offended on
just cause, I will hold the wrong-doer to an ac-
count. I knew that the gentleman never meant
to apply such an observation to me. As the ex-
pression was general, however, I felt bound to
bring it to his attention.
Mr. BROOKS. I have not the slightest objec-
tion, Mr. Speaker, to insert in my remarks the
word " some." I acknowledge that I entertained
suspicion; but I do not now. With the consent
of the House, I shall insert the word " some."
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
On motion the House then resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Orr m the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill.
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee last rose, they had under consideration the
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Haven,] which is as follows:
For the purchase of the lots or parcels of land, with the
appurtenances and the buildings thereon belonging, the one
thereof to the Bank of Commerce, and the other thereof to
the Bank of the State of Now York, and partieulaily re-
ftenpd io and rie^cnheil in two contracts, one uith each of
sau! hankc, for the leasing and right to purchase the same,
