1864.
. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&bim
may be found due to the said-P^terj-.whicK sMI
• be paid from the Treasury, $ut of anymoney&jaot
otherwise appropriated. ;
Approved, August 3,1854.
No. 147.—An diet for the. Relief of John Mc Vea gad
John F,~McKneely, of Louisiana. - •
Be it enacted by the Senate and "House of "Repre-
sentatives of the United States -ofAmerica in Congress
assembled; That upon the return to the land office
at Greensburg, Louisiana, of piats-of surveys,
duly approved by the surveyor general, of-town-
ship three south of range one west, and township
three south of range one east,-it shall and may
be lawful for John McVea and -John F.'Mc-
Kneely to enter, at one dollar and twenty-five
cents per acre, the one-thousand^acre tract or
parcel of land which they-have long held in pos-
session and cultivation, andwhieh is represented
as covering parts of sections,one, two,-eleven, and
twelve, in township three south, of .range -one
west, and parts of sections six, seven, thirteen,
and eighteen, of township three sputh, .of range
one east, in the Gr-eensburg.land, district, Louis-
iana: Provided, That the-erjtry §h$U be made of
the quantity aforesaid* according to the legal sub-
divisions of thepublic lands,-and .shall embrace
the quantity aforesaid and-the land actually culti-
vated and -inclosed by them, as near as may be:
And provided, further, That the entry or entries
made under the provisions of this act shall not be
to the prejudice of any valid adverse rights, if any
such exist, to any part of the land aforesaid.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
No. 148.—An Act for the Relief dJ, XZhaxlolte S.
' Westcott.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
the said Charlotte S. Westcott upon the pension
rolls, and cause to be paid to herthe sum of twenty
dollars per month, for the term of ten years, com-
mencing on the first day of January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four: Proutdedj-Thatan-Gase of
the marriage or death-of-the said Charlotte S.
Westcott, the pension hereby granted -shall be
paid to her two children, or the survivor of them.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
"No. 143.—An Act for the Relief tqf_William II
Weirick. '
Be it enacted by the Senate and llp&se. of Repre-
sentatives of- the United States of America.in Congress
assembled, That the.Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, directed to pay to .William Weirick,
late a second lieutenant m company G, of Colonel
J. D. Stevenson's regiment of New York volun-
teers, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the. sum of live hundred
and seventy-six dollars and twenty-six cents, the
amount of mileage from California to New York,
and two months * pay, as paid to the other officers
and soldiers of said regiment.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
No. 150.—An Act for the Relief of John Frink.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the Postmaster General be, and
he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay to
John Frink, out of any money appropriated for
mail transportation, the sum of seven hundred
and fifty dollars, the amount of two fines—one in
the third and the other ill the fourth quarter of
eighteen hundred and thirty-nine—wrongfully im-
posed on said Frink, and deducted from his pay,
for carrying the mail on route number two thou-
sand eight hundred and eleven, from J'oliet' to
Danville, Illinois, in said year.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
No. 151.—An Act for the Relief of Mary II.
Cushing.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and is hereby, authorized and required to ksue to
Mary H. Cushing, daughter of John Wainright
Cushing, deceased, a soldier of the war of eigh-
teen hundred and twelve, a warrant for so much
si(t)ilifc&ty fooutify land as-the said JohncWiilliiji^ht
Cushing would -be-entitled to receive -•wer&?he
now living.
• Approved,.Aoigti8t 3,-1854. -
-No. 152.—An Act for the Relief of Rebecca B&g-
,gerlyr,Widow of David Buggerly, decerned.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States iff America in Congress
assembled, That the "Secretary of the Interior is
hereby auihorizred-jarul cequired to plaee- the name
of Rebecca Baggerly, of Lincoln county, Tennes-
see,-widow,ofoDavjd Baggerly, deceased, who,was
a soldier and private of the^ Maryland Jine in the
war of.the Revolution, on the.pension roll,-under
the acts of July se v e n, eighteen, h u n dred and thir.ty-
eight,-iVItarch third, eighteen hundred-and;for}ty-
three, June .seventeenth, eighteen hundred and
ibrty-fpur, arid of July twenty-mnt'i, eighteen
hundred and for,ty-eight, at the rate of twenty dol-
lars per annum, the same to be paid, as other
pensions have been paid, in pursuance of the pro-
visions of the aforesaid acts.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
No. 153-—AnA ct for the Relief of George Mattingly.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ofiiie United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings be, and-he hereby is, authorized to convey to
George Mattingly and his heirs, all the-right,
title, interest, and estate of the United States of
-America in and-to square numbered four hundred
and ninety-five on the plat of the City of Wash-
ington: Provided, Theaaid Mattingly,or his heirs,
shall first produce to the said Commissioner of
Publie. Buildings a certificate of the Seorefcary of
theTreasurythat he has-paid to him, for the Uni-
ted Slates, the sum of three hun-dred-and eighty-
seven dollarsand eleven cents, with interest thereon
from the twenty-sixth day of July, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-four.
Appro*£d, August 3, 1854.
No. 154.—An Act for the Relief of Joseph McMhw.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of ■Reprs-
sentahves ofthe United States of America i*v Chmgress
assembled, That the Secretary of the'Interior be
instructed to place the name of Joseph MciMiivn
upon the pension roll, and to pay him atthe rate
of four dollars per month during his natural life,
commencing the pension from the firstday of Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and fifty-four.
Approved, August 3,1854.
No. 155.—An Act for the Relief of Jtsse R. Faulk-
ner, of Missouri.
Be it enacted bythe Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interiorbe,'
and he is hereby, required to place -the nameof-the
said Jesse R. Faulkner upon the pension rolls,
and cause to be paid to him the sum of eight dol-
lars per month for and -durtng the-term-of his
natural life, commencing January first, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
;No; Actforik&Rxltifixtf 'Jmnes M.rLems.
1 "Bt'U enacted5bythe'Scheie' ctnd House'ofRepfe-
, senUttives of the Ui\iUd''Staiesx of America in: Cbfigrpss
I assembled? That thfc "Secretary of th'e'l;merioP'b'e,
; and he is hereby, t&re6ted-to':place ^the^ia'me ^f
j James M. J^e^is, late of the State; ofT^rmegsee,
| now 'of- the? State" of California, ohpension
fi*?>lls ofth'e United-States, at the rate of eight^dpl-
lars per month, to commence"'on'the first day 6f
January, eighteen' hundredatfd-fifty,-atfd ^-'con-
tinue durmg'his natural'-fife. :
Approved, "August 3,1854.
No. 159.—An Act for ike Relief of' Henry J!Snow,
of Rome, in the"Slate of JVeu? York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in'Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the* Interior be,
and ha is' hereby, directed to place the name of
-Henry J.'Snow, of Rome, in the State of.New
York,-upon the.-list-of mValid - pensions of the
United States, at the rate of eight doUars per
month, to commence o n > t h efi rat y ■■of.Janastry,
one thousand ^ight hundred and fifty-four, and to
continuedurinsj-his life. f* : •
Approved, August3, 1854.
No. 160.—An Act- to provide a 'Pension for James
- K. Welch.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the■ United States of America in Congress
assembled, That James ft. 'Welch, of Fultoh
county, New-York, who'lost his eye-sight while
in the service of the Unifed States, in 'the line-of
his duty , be placed upon the pension roll, at eight
i dollars per m'onth, tromr the fi^st day of'Janu-
1 ary, eighteen hundred 'and'fifty-four, to continue
i during his natural life.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
No, 161.
No. 156.—An Act for the Relief of Henry Jf. Hal-
sted.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary, of W ar be directed
and required to place the name of Henry N. Hal-
sted, of New York, on the roll of invalid pen-
sioners, and that he be paid a pension at the rate
of four dollars per month, from the first day of
January, eighteen hundred and forty-five, and to
continue during his natural life.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
-An Act for the further .Relief of Albro
Tripp.
Be it enacted by the SenafeandJJayse of ..Repre-
sentatives of She (Jmted'Skite$-of^menc<iin
assembled,- That' the Secretary.of the. Interior he,
and he is hereby, directed to place the.name of
Albro Tripp upon the invalid pension roll, at the
rate of ten dollars per n^onthj.in,lieu of the-sum
of four dollars per month,^to which he is entitled
•under the law of Congress approved May fp^r,
eighteen.hundred and fifty-two, to commence on
the first day of .December, eighteen hundre&and
fifty-one, to contmue^during his natural life;- the
sum he has received under' said act of M$y'four,
eighteen' hundred "and fifty-two, to, be deducted
therefrom.
Sec: 2. And be it farther enacted, That said act,
approved May four, eighteen hundred and fifty-
-two, entitled "An'act for the relief of Albro
-Tripp,"" is hereby repealed. *
Approved, August 3," 1854.
No. 162.—An Act for the Relief of Berijaikin Ham-
mond, of the State of Neio York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place Benjamin
Hammond, of the State of New'York, upon the
roll of invalid pensions of the United States, at the
rate of eight dollars per month, to commence on
■ the first day of January, in the year one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-four, and to continue
during his natural life.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
No. 157.—Ail Act for the Relief of James Walsh.
Be it enacted by the-Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates .of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
James'W'dlsh, of the District of Columbia, upon
i the roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight
! dollars per month, to commence on the first day
! of January, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and
to continue during his natural life.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
: No. 163.—An Act for the Relief of the Civil Town-
ii ship of Marion, in the County of Mercer, Ohio -
Be it enacted by the Senate.und House of Repre-
sentatives of the l/nited States of America ill Congress
assembled, That the trustees of the civil township
of-Marion, in the county of Mercer, and State of
Ohio, be, and they are hereby, authorized to se-
lect, out of the unsold lands of the United States,
in said State, one section of land for school pur-
poses, in lieu of section sixteen, to \frhich s&id
township is entitled by acts of Cpngiress; and
when the said trustees shall have selected said sec-
tion of land, they shall notify the'register of the
land office of the district in which said lands lie,
and the same shall be reserved for sale, and set
apart for the .use of .schools in said township:
