Ic54.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
retary of the Interior.^ In relation to it he says,
in a letter dated January 17:
" The third relates to the payment of invalid pensions.
Existing pension Jaws authorize the allowance of an in-
crease of pensions, proportionate to the increase of the
disability, but does not provide for a diminution of the
amount of pension, m proportion to the decrease of disa*-
bility. There aie, no doubt, many persons now on theperi^
sion rolls who have more or less recovered from the disa-
bility, on account of which pensions were allowed ihem,
and the object of the inclosed amendment, maikedC, is to
provide for a biennial examination of pensioners of this
class, by two approved surgeons, and to regulate the amount
of pensions to be paid, in proportion to the .disability which
may be lound to exist at the periods of examination."
i have also another letter upon the same subject
from the Commissioner of Pensions:
Pension Office, March 17,1854.
Sir: Upon examining our registers, I find the examina-
tion ot the nivMiid pen&ioners in North Carolina and Illinois
resulted in striking from the roll fifty-six names, a part of
which were erased January 17, 1852, arid the balance Feb-
ruary 15, 1853. Since that tune fifteen of this number have
be«*ri restored in whole or in part, leaving forty-one who
have not yet been restored. Besides these", there are some
instances where the pensions have been reduced, and the
pensioners have not been stricken from the rolls. It is be-
lieved that similar results will follow similar examinations
in all the States.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, L. P. WALDO, Commissioner,
Hon. II. McClelland, Secretary of the Interior.
I am informed, by the Secretary of the Interior,
that he has reason to believe that great frauds are
practiced in the manner m which the invalid pen-
sions are obtained. Many of them seem to have
been obtained for disabilities which did not con-
tinue, and for diseases of which the pensioners
were cured in a short time; and it is to reach this
evil that he proposes a biennial examination. He
says, that some of the examinations upon which
pensions were granted were made by persons
utterly incompetent to decide upon the nature of
the disease; and he proposes to introduce some
system by which it can be ascertained whether
the diseases are such as to bring them within the
pension laws. There have also been cases of
forgeries in relation to applications for pensions,
of a character which would shock and alarm
the public mind if they were brought to light.
The Secretary believes that frauds exist to an
extent which renders it necessary to throw some
such safeguard as this around the system, in order
that the benefit of the laws may be drawn only by
those who deserve if. Surely there can be no
objection to that. If we confine the system to
those only who deserve it, there can be no objec-
tion to such safeguards and checks as will enable
us fo detect the fraudulent applications. Unless
there is some provision of this sort, there is no
mode of reaching these cases in which the parties
have been cured of the partial and temporary dis-
abilities upon which they have obtained pensions.
I am told there are many such cases arising out of
the Mexican war. The parties come home, and
make application for a pension on account of dis-
ability and disease, and, after obtaining the pen-
sion, were cured, and return to more active life.
The very cases to which the Commissioner of
Pensions refers show the importance of having
these examinations, so that frauds may be de-
tected. A number of such frauds have been de-
tected by him.
In relation to the last provision which the Sec-
retary did not recommend, but which has been
reported under the recommendation of the Com-
mittee on Finance, I have but a few words to say.
It will be for the Senate to determine whether
persons who are receiving the perquisites of a civil
office, and very often large salaries too, should
also draw, in addition to those salaries and per-
quisites, an invalid pension. I had supposed that
these pensions were designed to provide for per-
sons who were disabled, by injuries contracted in
the service of the country, either "partially or
wholly, from obtaining the means of subsistence
for themselves; but whenever they can discharge
the duties of lucrative offices, and when those of-
fices are bestowed upon them by the United States,
it seemed to us that that ought to be sufficient, and
that they ought not to dtaw a pension as long as
they discharge the duties and receive the emolu-
ments of those offices. Ft is, therefore, proposed,
in such cases, to suspend the allowance of the
pension until the parties are removed from the of-
fice, in which case they will be allowed to draw
the pension again. This is a matter which, it
seems to me, does not admit of argument. I cer-
tainly shall only state the case to the Senate, and
they may do as they please in regard to it. It may
be that the Senate will think that the amendment
ought to be limited to salaries of a certain class
and amount; but surely I think there can be no
difference of opinion as to the propriety of prohib-
iting those who are drawing large salaries in the
discharge ot the duties of a civil office under the
United States, from drawing also a pension.
Mr. PEARCE. I differ entirely from the Sen-
ator from Mississippi in regard to the character
of an invalid pension. It is not a debt; and the
payment of it to the pensioner is not the payment
of a debt. U is in almost every case a gratuity;
or, at all events, a gratuitous indemnity to the
soldier for injuries which he has sustained while
in the military service of the country, and which,
more or less, incapacitate him for obtaining a live-
lihood by active labor. That is the principle of
the system, at all events. We do not give pensions,
except to those who areinjured, and to those who
are so injured as to .be more or less deprived
of the physical ability to earn a livelihood. If
that is the principle of our pension system, surely
both parts of the amendment are right; the first
one, because we know that applicants for pensions
are very often examined immediately after their
wounds have been ieceived,and while they are
yet suffering from their direct and necessary con-
sequences. At such a time there may be an ap-
parent incapacity to obtain a livelihood, which,
after a little while, disappears, and the party is
restored to health and vi^or. He is no longer in-
capable of obtaining a livelihood, and therefore
the principle on which the pension was granted
fails, and the pension ought to fail too. The very
same principle would sanction the other part of
the amendment. We have carried out this prin-
ciple in our legislation heretofoie in regard to
Navy pensions. We do not allow invalids who
have naval pensions—captains, commanders,
lieutenants—to receive pensions while they are
receiving full pay. If any such officer of the .Navy
is entitled to a pension, on account of a wound or
other disability, it ceases, by law, during the time
that he is so engaged in duty as to receive full
pay, and for a very good reason.
It is supposed, while on the pension list, that
he is incapable of performing the full duty which
will insure him full pay; and when, therefore, he
is under no incapacity, but can answer all the de-
mands of his profession, he is not entitled to re-
ceive the pension which is intended as an indem-
nity for physical inability to perform that duty.
It seewis to me, therefore, manifestly proper that
we should agree to both portions of the amend-
ment.
I do not know that it was in the contemplation
of the committee to suspend the pension of any
pensioner who may be receiving the emoluments
of an office under one of the States. That was
not my view of it. I supposed that the amend-
ment referred to those who hold office under the
Government of the United States. I have, of
course, therefore, no objection to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Delaware to the
amendment.
It does seem to me, unless we intend to pen-
sion everybody who serves the Government in a
military capacity, and consider that there is no
longer any patriotic spirit among our people which
will induce a man to serve the country because it
is his country—unless we are willing to pension
eveiy man who enters the service of the United
States, and give him a gratuity over and above his
pay while in the service, you must make this
amendment. I think the pension system has grown
up to be larger than it ought to be. It is high time
to diminish it in all proper cases; and the amend-
ment is a step which should be taken in that direc-
tion. It will stop the pension when the actual
disability ceases for which alone it was given; and
it will not allow a man to receive this indemnity for
injuries supposed to disqualify him for full ex-
ertion of his faculties, when the fact is that he is
enjoying emoluments which are properly earned
by wieiTwho, being in the possession of unim-
paired physical abilities, can perform the duties of
a salaried office.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I hope the Senate will
refuse to concur in the whole of the section which
is reported as an amendment by the Committee on
Finance. The duty which is imposed upon the
old pensioners, who receive this small pittance from
the Governmentforincurring diseasein the service
of the country, in order to obtain the allowance--
of the pension, is, in the first place, an onerous
one. It is a small pittance. It is nothing com-
pared with the suffering which they endured. Most
of the pensioners who are in the Westare at such
a great distance from the officers to which they
mustapply for the pension, that it isagreat trouble
and expense to them to procure it originally; and
to require them to go over the same thing every two
years, is a hardship which ought not to be imposed
upon them.
It seems to me, sir, that this is a matter which
should have been referred originally to the Com-
mittee on Pensions. If any provision is necessary
in regard to it, it should have originated with that
committee, and not with the Committee on Fi-
nance. It is a matter which legitimately comes
within the duties of the former committee, and it
should have been referred to them, just in the same
way as matters relating to the public lands, to
commerce, and to other subjects, are referred to
the committees which are appointed by the Senate
for the consideration of such measures. The Sen-
ator from Virginia says that frauds have been
committed in obtaining the certificate to show that
the man is disabled. If fraud is originally com-
mitted, is it not probable that it will be committed
again ? If false documents were resorted to in the
first place to establish the right of a ^party to a
pension, will they not be applied in a second case.
But every physician who certifies to the disability
of a man who has served his country, has to pro-
cure a certificate that he is reputable in his pro-
fession as a physician, before the pension can be
obtained founded upon that certificate; but now,
by this amendment, two surgeons or physicians
are required to sign the certificate. Sir, it will be
a great hardship to impose upon the pensioners.
I hope the whole amendment, and especially the
last clause in it, which is not recommended by the
Secretary of the Interior, that in relation to with-
drawing the pension from one who holds an office,
will be rejected. I would like to know what com-
pensation can be made to a friend of mine, whom
1 now have in my eye, with his right arm stricken
from his body, for a loss of that kind? Can the
small pittance which he receives of sixteen dollars
a month compensate him for the loss of that arm ?
The Senator from Maryland says that these
pensions are not to be looked upon as compensa-
tion, that they are gratuities; a$d he says that of-
ficers in the Navy are not allowed to receive a
compensation and a pension at the same time.
But it must be recollected that-an officer in the
Army or Navy has provision made for him, be-
cause the moment he enters the service he has sol-
diers or seamen to attend to his wants while, he ijs
! in the line of his duty. It is not so with the pen-
sioner who is not on duty.
I repeat, sir, this matter has never been referred
1 to the Committee on Pensions, to which it appears
to me it should have been referred. I hope the
amendment will berejected; and I askfor the yeas
and nays upon it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I understand the motion of
the honorable Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Adams,] and the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Jones,]
is to strike out the whole of this section ?
Mr. ADAMS. That is not the question. The
question is on concurring in the amendment re-*
ported from the committee.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, I move to strike out
the last clause of it.
Mr. ADAMS. That is not now in order, as an
amendment to the amendment is already pending.
The question is on concurring in the amendment;
ij and I ask the Senate to refuse to concur in it.
i| Mr. HUNTER. It is in order to amend an
ji amendment. The Senator from Iowa can move
'• to amend the amendment.
I Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I want to strike the
:i whole of it out.
ji The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state the
question which is pending. The Senator from
Delaware proposes to amend the amendment of
the committee, by adding after the words 44 civil
i office" the words " under the United States."
That is the proposition which is now before the
i Senate.
; Mr. SHIELDS. That is an amendment to the
■ i amendment. The motion, then, of the Senator
ti from Mississippi is to strike this out; or is it not
i; to concur in it?
