768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28.
Mr. ADAMS. It is not to concur.
Mr. SHIELDS. If I understand the Senator
from Virginia, the object of the amendment, as
stated by the Secretary of the Interior, is twofold:
first, to deprive those pensioners who hold a civil
office under the United States of their pensions;
and second, to prescribe a kind of sliding scale
by which, under the report of a commission to
be instituted every two years to ascertain how
much of the original disability exists, you are to
reduce the pension, and proportionate it to the
nature and character of the disability at each re-
turning period.
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir; the object is to have
a reexamination every £wo years—to have a bien-
nial examination, to see whether the pensioners
are entitled or not; to see whether their disability
continues, or whether it has ceased to exist.
Mr. SHIELDS. In other words, there is to
be a biennial commission for examination. That
examination is to be instituted for the purpose of
ascertaining the condition of the pensioner at the
time. If the disability has wholly ceased, the
pension is wholly to cease; if the disability has
partly ceased, the pension is to cease in propor-
tion, as I understand it. That is the first object
of the amendment. The second object is to de-
prive any man who receives any amount of pen-
sion from holding any office under the General
Government. The honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia is not the author of this amendment, and I
am glad of it, for I was a little surprised when J
saw it offered first. I at first imagined that it
originated with him, but I see that it does not.
It originates in a very confused notion about these
pensions. That, I must say, with all"my respect
for the honorable Secretary of the Interior. I
agree with that Secretary, and I agree with the
honorable Senator, that there have been immense
frauds committed in relation to these pensions;
but 1 deny that the amendment touches any one
of those frauds. On the contrary, the amend-
ment, if adopted into a law, wijl affect the honest
and the provident pensioners, but not those who
commit frauds. These frauds originate in the
Pension Bureau, and not in the pension laws. I
have almost been disgusted with the manner in
which pensions are now obtained. An honest,
simple-minded soldier comes from the battle-field
to this city; if his certificate of disability is not
in exact form, his pension is rejected. But, sir, a
fellow conies here who fabricates the testimony
and the evidence to hand, and that man goes and
obtains a penmon.
A Senator. The system is rotten.
Mr. SHIELDS. Rotten! it is rotten to its
foundation. I know it. I went to the bureau not
many weeks ago with a poor soldier who had be-
come blind in the service—who had fought through
six battles, and who had become stone blind m
the service. I could not get a pension for him.
Why? The poor soldier could not get a certifi-
cate of the place where he had become blind. He
had been growing blind gradually for six years,
and of course no surgeon could give him a certifi-
cate; neither could he set a certificate that he got
blind in the line of his duty. Why? Because
no man could tell exactly the point at which he
had become blind; but if he could have got a cer-
tificate, saying that his blindness occurred at a
particular time and place in the line of his duty,
lie would have got a pension. Sir, I ask, are you
not bound to imply that a man in the At my, dis-
charging his duty as a soldier, suffers in the line
of his duty? But I will not go through with that.
What I want to say here is this: That the
amendment of the committee, as it now stands,
would produce one of the most curious things
which could be presented. Every two years you
are to have an examination of the pensioners.
Each pensioner is to be called upon to make affi-
davits in regard to the condition of his disability.
If this examination results in satisfying the De-
partment that the disability has wholly ceased,
the pension is also to cease, according to the
amendment; yet, sir, a week after that the disa-
bility may recur again. The man may, at the
time of the examination, to all appearances, be o
hearty man, and yet a week after be an invalid,
and, according to the amendment, he could never
get a pension again. No law can give hurt a pen-
sion after that. And, sir, let me ask what is the
amount of the pension in consideration of which
jt is proposed to deprive these poor pensioners ?
Eight dollars a month for a total disability; and
now it is proposed that when that total disability
becomes a partial disability, you shall give him
but four dollars, or even less, according to a sliding
scale; and you call that economy. You bring it
down to a. quarter of a dollar a month; and that is
economy. That, sir, is just in character with all
our legislation here. We can gamble away mil-
lions; but when it comes to a widow's or a poor
soldier's pension, we are greatly economical. I
hear more speeches made in the Senate about
these pensions than I do when twenty millions of
dollars are involved. We are all the time hearing
about economy. Economy is preached to us every
day here; and this is the extent of that economy.
Sir, get at your fraudulent pensions, and strike
them out of existence. But this amendment does
not do that. Why does not the Commissioner of
Pensions investigate these fraudulent pensions,
and correct them? He says he has done it to a
certain extent in North Carolina and Illinois. I
know that in Illinois he has done great injustice;
and he is restoring some pensions again. But i
repeat, that is not the object of this amendment.
It is not to deprive fraudulent pensioners of their
pensions; but the object is to take away from the
pensioner, according to the supposed condition of
the person at the time, thelittie pittance which you
have already given him. That is the object. You
want to cut down his eight dollars a month, and
that you call economy. Sir, there is no economy
in it. It does not deserve the name of economy.
But the amendment comes to this further point,
that you will not give a man a pension because he
holds some little civil office under the Government
of the United States. I know of no man, I can
think of none now, who holds any important of-
fice under the Government of the United States,
and who also receives a pension; but I know of
several pensioners, some in my own State, who
are postmasters of poor, little, petty post offices,
and why? Because those post offices are too un-
important, and too insignificant for any man to
hold unless he has some other means of business
by which he may obtain support; and yet by this
amendment you will deprive the individual of his
little pension because he happens to be a post-
master in a little village. That will be the effect
of it. You will take away his eight dollars a
month—and that is the extent of your economy,
mark you—you will take away the eight dollars a
month from the poor soldier, because he happens
to be a postmnster in a little village. Sir, can any
man live on eight dollars a month anywhere?
These poor pensioners are compelled to resort to
a thousand expedients to obtain the means of a
livelihood, in addition to the little pension which
you confer upon them—to work, to keep little
shops, to he postmasters, to be anything and every-
thing; and yet you will take away the eight dollars
a month. But that is not all. You compel the
poor old soldier, who hap received his pension for
a wound, or disability, every two years to make
an affidavit that he is still a disabled man; and he
not only must make the affidavit himself, but lie
must get the certificate of two others, that he is
disabled, and after he gets that from two surgeons,
and sends it on, the commission is then to try him
and see if he is a disabled man. That is the way
you are to treat the old soldier, and that is econ-
omy. We have enough of that kind of economy
every day. I agree with the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and with the Commissioner of Pensions, that
the whole pension system requires revision; but
not this little, petty, tinkering revision. Nothing
of that kind will do. We want an equal system,
and a just system.
Let me show you the character of this amend-
ment. One of its provisoes reads as follows:
Provided^ That when a pension shall have been origin-
ally tinted by a >[>i'Cial act of Congress, or for a lotal
disability, tor the lo^ of a limb or othei eau^e, winch can-
not be removed, cituer m whole or 111 part, the above affi-
davit shall not bo requited."
Now, if the honorable Senator from Virginia
had as touch occasion to examine this matter as
I have, he would see that that portion of the pen-
sion system which has been most grossly abused
is left untouched by the amendment. Pensions
given by Congress, in special cases, at random,
sometimes to the amount of thirty dollars a month,
and sometimes fifteen dollars, for there is no sys-
tem in it, the amendment does not touch; but it
goes to the poor pensioners who have no influence
in Congress, who have never come before Con-
gress, and who could not get a pension if they
clid come. It takes away their eight dollars a
month, and that is the whole amount of it. The
amendment does not touch one of thoaeoutrageous
pensions which sometimes pass this body; but it
touches the class of pensioners who are the most
worthy of relief, and for whom I have constantly
struggled. Now 1 should hketo see what amount
we will economize in two years by this; I would
like to see a feature of that kind presented to us.
I wish the Secretary of the Interior would give
us what he supposes will be the probable amount
saved to the Treasury of the United States by the
operation of the amendment.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to say a few words
on this amendment. I shall rejoice, under ordi-
nary circumstances, to see my friend from Vir-
ginia turn reformer. There are many evils here,
as well as elsewhere, which ought to be corrected.
I was silly enough, the other day, to attempt to
drive back one which, during the last three or four
years, has been steadily creeping into the Senate.
There is scarcely, I believe, a standing committee
in this body, which is not provided with a clerk,
and not more than three or four of those commit-
tees have ordinarily business enough to employ
the members themselves; yet the other day, when
I made an attempt to prevent the appointment of
a clerk to one of those committees, which rarely
meets more than once a year, and oftentimes not
that, 1 failed; but now, sir, the Senator from Vir-
ginia, I think it probable, seeing that there is some
man placed upon the pension roll at eight dollars
a month, when he ought to receive only four dol-
lars a month, proposes to get rid of that by the
amendment which he has reported. Here is an
attempt to deprive the soldieis of their pensions,
upon the pretense that they nru'y have partially
recovered from the disability under which they
were originally placed upon the pension rolls. It
is an attempt made, I say, to cut down their
eight dollars to four dollars a month. Sir, it is
very probable that legislation upon this subject is
necessary, but if that legislation be necessary,
one would very naturally suppose that the Com-
mittee on Pensions, who have charge of this sub-
ject, who appear to understand all the laws con-
nected with your Pension Department, would be
the proper committee to devise the remedy. E
grant there maybe abuses prevailing under the
pension laws of this Government, and gross frauds
may have been practiced, but if those frauds are
to be remedied, and if proper legislation is to be
adopted, let it be made the special duty of my
friend from Iowa, [Mr. Jones,] who is at the
head of that committee, to devise the necessary
legislation.
Are we in possession of the facts which ore
necessary to enable us to decide upon this ques-
tion. Upon the bare suggestion ofthe Committee
on Finance, you are now asked to adopt an im-
portant provision, deeply affecting a large class of
valuable citizens who have jjone forth to the field
of battle and exposed their lives in defending the
honor of your country. It would be supposed
that they were naturally entitled to the protection
and guardian care ofthe Government, and that they
would not be the first to be touched by a system
of economy which is to be adopted in this Senate.
The last provision of the amendment declares that
if any peison who has been placed upon the in-
valid pension rolls, shall afterwards receive a com-
pensation as a salaried officer of the Government,
his pension shall be stopped. Sir, X say it with
all proper respect, 1 would cut off my right hand
before I would vote for so cruel an amendment. I
know not what the opinions of other Senators
may be, but I will never, under any circum-
stances, vote for so gross an outrage as is con-
tained in the three lines of that amendment.
Merely because a man who has been placed upon
. your pension rolls having lost a limb, pei haps upon
| the battle-field, and is receiving his eight dollars a
| month,getsa littlesa'aried office,which brings him
in some four or.five dollars additional, you propose
to strip him of his pension, and call thnt, in the lan-
guage of my friend from Illinois, 54 economy."
Now, Mr. President, there is such a thins: as stop-
ping at the spigot and letting out at the bung-hole;
but that is a system of economy which should
never receive our sanction. If the Senator from Vir-
ginia will bring in a system of legislation here that
shall correct the abuses that have been practiced
