mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August.
Provided, That said selection and notification be
made within twelve months from the passage of
this act: And provided farther, That said selection
shall be made of legal subdivisions of the public
lands, and in quantities of not less than one hun-
dred and sixty acres.
Sec. 2. Jlndbe it further enacted, That the title
to the said lands, when so selected and set apart,
shall vest in the State of Ohio, for the use of corn-
mon schools in said township, and shall be sub-
ject to the same disposition and uses that the sec-
tions sixteen in the said State have been made, by
the various acts of Congress affecting the same.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
No. 164.-^1 Act granting the Right of Way over,
and Depot Grounds on, the Military Reserve at
Fort Gratiot, in the State of Michigan, to the Port
Huron and Lake Michigan Railroad Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Mouse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
-assembled, That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, authorized to grant to the
Port Huron and Lake Michigan Railroad Com-
pany the right of way upon lands reserved for
military purposes at Fort Gratiot, in the State of
Michigan, and also the right to take and use other
land belonging to the United States at the same
place for necessary depots: Provided, That he
shall be of opinion that the said grants will not
be detrimental to the public interests, and that the
company pay into the Treasury of the United
States the appraised value of the premises re-
quired for the depots and other necessary build-
ings, to be determined by such officer or officers
of the Engineer Corps, or such other person or
persons as the Department may designate for that
purpose: And provided further, That the location
and width of the roadway, and the location and
boundaries of the depot grounds, and also the
conditions on which they are to be possessed and
improved, shall be determined under the author-
ity and with the approval of the President: And
provided further, That if the said railroad and de-
pots shall not be completed within ten years, or if
at any time after completion, the use of the said
railroad or depots be discontinued or abandoned,
the said grant shall cease and determine.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
No. 165.—An Act to change the Mime of the Ameri-
can-built brig Glamorgan, to that of Wizard.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slateb of America in Congress
assembled, That the owner of the brig Glamorgan,
of Boston, be, and he hereby is, authorized to
change her name to that of Wizard; and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to
issue to her a register under that name, she having
been condemned and sold by the United States
authorities for having been employed in the slave
trade, and having been purchased since said con-
demnation by her present owner.
Approved, August 4, 1854.
No. 166.—An Act for the Relief of Jacob Baker, of
Sandusky City, Ohio.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- ,
' sentatives of the United States of America in Congress ,
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior is I
hereby required to place the name of Jacob Baker,
of Sandusky City, Ohio, upon the pension roll,
and cause to be paid to him the sum of eight
dollars per month, for and during his natural life,
commencing June twenty-seven, eighteen hun-
dred and tifty-four.
Approved, August 4, 1854.
No. 167.—An Act for the Relief of J. C. Buckles,
of Louisville, Kentucky.
Be It enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and he
is hereby, authorized and directed to pay to .T.
C. Buckles, of Louisville, Kentucky, out of any
moneys appropriated, or that may hereafter be
appropriated, for the transportation of the mails,
the sum of three thousand and six dollars.
Approved, August 4, 1854.
No. 168.—An Act for the Relief of Jonathan. Pearce.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and is herehy, required to place the name of Jon-
athan Pearce, of Muskingum county, Ohio, upon
the pension rolls, and cause to be paid to him the
sum of eight dollars per month, so long as he
shall live, commencing January first, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two.
Approved, August 4, 1854.
| No. 169.—An Act for the Relief of David C. Cash
| and Giles U. Ellis.
j Be it enacted by the Senate unit House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
: assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
! and he is hereby, authorizerl and directed to pay,
' out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to David C. Cash, late lieutenant,
and Giles U. Ellis, private, in the Seminole war
in Florida, whatever may be due thenn on the
muster-rolls, for military services in said war.
Approved, August 4, 1854.
No. 170.—An Act for the Relief of Thomas C.
Green.
Whereas, It satisfactorily appears that a bounty-
I land patent was issued on the twenty-ninth of JNo-
| vember, one thousand eight hundred and seventeen,
1 on militia land warrant number nine thousand nine
hundred and forty-two, to Charles Mullin, for the
southwest quarter of section thirty-six in township
eleven north, of range three west, m the military
tract, Illinois; and on the twenty-second of July,
I one thousand eight hundred and eighteen, a pat-
' ent for the same'Wt was issued in error to the
heirs of Benjamin Knepp, on warrant number
eightthousand nine hundred and thirteen, ilnapp s
warrant having been located on the southeast
quarter of said section, and said quarter-section so
located conveyed to one Thomas C. Green by
said Knapp's heirs: Therefoie—
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Ilepre-
• sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
' assembled, That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office be, and he is hereby, required to issue
a patent to Thomas C. Green for the southeast
quarter section above named; and that said patent
recite the fact that the former one was filled out
i erroneously for the southwest quarter, and has
'■ been lost, and therefore a new patent has been
j issued to the grantee of said Knapp's heirs,
l Approved, August 4, 1854.
No. 171.—An Act for the Relief of Patrick Gass.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the. United States of America in Congress
i'l assembled, That the proper officers of the Govern-
j; ment be, and they are hereby, authorized and re-
li quired to issneto Patrick Gassa warrant fur three
jl hundred and twenty acres of land, which warrant
: may, at the option of the said Gass or his as-
signee, be located on any public lands of the Uni-
1 ted States subject to private entry.
Approved, August 4, 1854.
No. 172.—An Act authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to settle the Accounts of Thomas Jor-
dan, Assistant Quartermaster in the United States
Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
! and he is hereby, authorized to audit and settle,
■ upon the principles of equity and justice, the ac-
I counts of Thomas Jordan, assistant quartermas-
' ter in the United States Army, arising out of his
! disbursements as disbursing officer of the quar-
! termaster department at the city of Vera Cruz,
i Mexico, from the tenth of August, eighteen hun-
: dred and forty-seven, to the first of August, eigh-
' teen hundred and forty-eight.
: Approved, August 4, 1854.
'• No. 173.—In Act for the Relief of the Legal Rep-
; resentatives of John Rice Jones, deceased.
\ Be it enacted hy the Senate and House of Repre-
i sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
] assembled, That the legal representatives of John
I Rice Jones, deceased, be, and they are hereby,
| authorized to locate, in legal divisions and subdi-
j visions, not less than one hundred and sixty
J acres, an area of three thousand four hundred and
eighty-five acres, on any of the public lands which
shall have been offered at public sale, and may be
subject to private entry: Provided, That the loca-
tion under this act shall be taken and held as in
full satisfaction of the claims of said Jones, which
are entered as numbers twelve hundred and eigh-
ty-five and twelve hundred and eighty-six, in
the report dated January fourth, eighteen hun-
dred and thirteen, of the Kaskaskia commis-
j sioners; and, on a proper return being made to
! the General Land Office, from the district land
j office, of a location in conformity to this act, a
i patent shall issue: Provided always, That no loca-
| tion shall be made upon mineral land or lands
I reserved for the use of schools, or for military
| purposes.
Approved, August 4, 1854.
No. 174.—An Act for the Relief qf Rosalie Caxillo.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled,'That, upon the relinquishment by Ro-
salie Caxillo and her children, (being the widow
and heirs of Jose Caxillo, lateof Mississippi,) of
their right, title, and interest in and to a certain
: quarter section of land granted by Congress to the
| said Jose Caxillo, for his relief and indemnity, it
shall be the duty of the proper officers of the Gov-
ernment to issue to the said Rosalie a warrant for
one quarter section of land, to be located on any
land belonging to the Government, subject to pri-
vate entry, in the Augusta land district of Mis-
sissippi.
Approved, August 4, 1854.
No. 175.—An Act for the Relief of Ira Call, of Hu-
ron County, Ohio.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he hereby is, directed to place the name of
Ira Call, of Huron, Ohio, on the list of invalid
pensioners, at the rate of eight dollars per month,
from the first day of March, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four.
Approved, August 4, 1854.
No. 176.—An Act to Incorporate the Pioneer Man-
j ufacturing Company of Georgetown, D. C.
| Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
| sentatives of the United States of America in Congnss
1assembled, That Thomas AVilson, Evan Lyons,
I Esau Pickrell, and Thomas Brown, their associ-
j ates, successors, and assigns, be, and they are
! hereby, made and constituted a body-corporate
and politic, by the name of " The Pioneer Man-
ufacturing Company of Georgetown, D. C.,"to
be established at Georgetown, in the District of
Columbia, and as such shall have succession, and
may sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded,
in any court of law or equity, and may have and
use a common seal, and the same may change and
alter at pleasure, and shall have, and may exer-
cise all the powers, rights, and privileges which
are incident to a corporation, except as restricted
by this act, and which are necessary and proper
for manufacturing cotton, woolen, or silk goods
or fabrics of various descriptions, and vending the
same, and for making and constructing all machin-
ery which may be necessary for the purposes
aforesaid; andmay purchase, have, hold, use, and
enjoy such a quantity of land as may be sufficient
for prosecuting the business aforesaid, to erect
thereon such buildings and improvements as may
be necessary for the purposes aforesaid, and to
sell and dispose of the same at pleasure.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the cap-
: ital stock or property already contributed by the
parties hereby incorporated, and thetr associates,
i shall be divided into shares of one hundred dol-
lars each, to be distributed amongst the said par-
ties and their associates, in proportion to their
: respective interests; and the capital stock of the
corporation may be increased, from time to time,
[ in such manner as the stockholders, in general
! meeting, may direct, so that the entire capital
| stock,at any one time, shall not exceed two hun-
dred thousand dollars; and the said shares shall
j be deemed and taken as personal estate, and shall
| be transferable only on the books of the corpora-
i tion, and in such mannerasmay be prescribed by
I the by-laws thereof; and the owner of one or more
I such shares shall, in virtue thereof, be entitled at
