1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1479
To complete the. matine ho.-pital at I^aducah, in the said
State of Kentucky, $-5,000 ;
To complete the marine hospital at Evansville, in the
Sure of Indiana, ^2,0(i0;
To complete the rnanne hospital at San Francisco, and
to i rif ]><fe the site and dram the same, and for the necessary
out buildings. $44,000.
1 oiler the amendment at this point to expedite
the progress of the bill. 1 find that the amend-
ment was submitted some time since by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge,]
from the Committee of Ways and Means. The
committee will recollect that some weeks ago each
of these items of the proposition was fully die-
cussed here, and adopted by the House. Each
and every one of these items has been recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Treasury. They
havfr also obtained the sanction of the Committee
of Ways and Means; and my only object in
offering it now is to expedite the progress of the
bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment. The subject has been so fully discussed,
that it is hardly worth while to say anything now.
We are now expending on these marine hospitals,
in the purchase of sites, double what we collect
from seamen. Besides appropriations for building
these marine hospitals and keeping them up, our
expenditures annually double the amount of our
receipts from the tax on seamen's wages. If we
are to continue the system of building these
houses, it seems to me those places which have
received appropriations of §50,000 and ^J00,000,
ought to stop, and let those places which have
received nothing at ail get as much before they
go further. The buildings are substantially com-
pleted now. All that is needed is fencing, or the
fixing up of the lot. The appropriations are not
for the substantial comforts of the hospitals, but
for decoration; so I think that we had better vote
them down. If we are to keep up the system, let
those points for which no appropriations have
been made, or, if any* small ones, get enough to
build hospitals suitable for the care of sick sea-
men.
Mr. PRESTON. I move pro forma to reduce
the appropriation five dollars.
Mr. Chairman, so far as the hospital lying in
my district is concerned, and which is included in
the amendments submitted by the gentleman from
Ohio, I have a letter from the resident physician
there, which goes to show the remarks of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
have no application to it. He said these appro-
priations were only for ornamental work. In this
case the appropriation is to furnish necessary fur-
niture for the establishment. The resident phy- .
sician writes as follows:
United Statkh Marine Hospital, )
Louisville, Kentucky, 18,34. I
Dear Sir: You are. perhaps, aware that the Gnv"rnment ,
hospital and abounds at tins point are in a condition that 1
calls loudly for an appropriation by Congress, :md I respect- ■
fully as-k of you the favor to interest yourself, as I doubt (
not it will be your pleasure to do, m jrettmc: the requeue j
sum allowed, if possible, af the present scsmoii. The hon- :
orable Secrerary of the Treasury, wmf time since, called
for estimate?: for the improvements judged to he necessary,
which were duly made out and forwarded. The amount
called for was about §1-2,000. A les^ sum, F am mho,
would be altogether inadequate upon the most economical
figures, if it he desirable to have things appear at all decent.
With your pei mission 1 will state what is the condition
of thing*, and le.ivo you to form your own opinion as to
what may be needful to be done in the premises. The house
itself will do, save that the supply ot lurmture is very in-
adequate, both as regards amount and quality, the bed-
stead* and bedding excepted. For instance, on coming
here, [ was under the necesnty, a** my worthy predecessor
had been, of turm&hmg, in principal part at my private cost,
the apartments assigned to, or set apart for, the resident
medical officer, which was never contemplated by the laws
regulating our hospitals. Not only so ; I have to some ex-
tent supplied tables, chairs, See . for the public part of the
house, rath  r than do without. There is not. I may sny, a
dozen good chairs, or seats ot any kind, in all the ward-* of
the ho.-pital. The number ot chairs originally furnished
wa^ very limited, and the quality very mf< lior, indeed, in-
somuch that, with ordinary usage, neaily the whole of
them aie now fallen to pieces. 1 could go on thus to par-
ticulate, but must come to the mam point, which is the
state of the pounds. We have a nine aete lot; and, if we
except the hospital building, wHh the indifferent pavement
about it, a cistern, a couple ot dry wells, and a crazy board
fence that furnishes no protection against the hogs arid cattle
that graze on the common around, (he lot is wholly without
impiovemeiit. The grounds are ungraded; no walks of
any kind; no shade trees, except au old locust or two ; no
shmbbery; no gateway or entrance of any kind, in front
or rear—in short, nothing but heaps of unwoiked ^tone,
and abundance of mud tn winter, and a luxuriant growth
of unsightly weeds in summer. Every one who viMts the
premises has something to say about the sad lack of need-
ful improvement and all agree that the state of thirgs is
disgraceful to the Government thai allows it, and a perpet-
ual eye sore to all passers-by. I hope, then, Colonel, that
you will give your efficient aid in procuring the necessary
appropriation to put things in something like a decent fix.
Ot the amount originally appropriated for supplying this
hospital with furrniuie, as I learn from Mr. Taunebill, the
steward, some §1,000 or upwards were returned to the
Treasury. I imagined that the like allowance for other
hospitals was not found too large. It is veiy certain that
theie was need bore tor the whole of it. If there was not
at first, there is great need of it now, I assure you. Per-
sonally. of course, I can have little interest m this matter;
but really, for the credit of the Government and of our town,
I should like to «<>e things here wear a less repulsive aspect.
I see there is a bill pendmgin Congress concerning custom-
houses ami hospitals, winch, I suppose, provides for our
institution. I hope it will not fail u> pass ; and it certainly
cannot, if all the items embiaced are as defensible as this
of ours.
1 am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. N. HUGHES,
ResiiJent Physician United Stutes Hospital.
Hon. W. C. Prfston.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I rise not so much
to reply to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Preston,] as 1 do to answer some of the argu-
ments urged by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston*.] I do not pretend to say that I am
m favor of the general amendment that has been
olfered to this biii. When the time comes for
voting upon the distinct pioposition, I shall then
choose the position which I wi&h to occupy. The
gentleman from Alabama urges as an argument
against these appropriations, that the number of
persons in the hospitals is very little proportionate
to the amount of money invested in them; or in
other words, that the expenditure upon these hos-
pitals is very largely in advance of the money
received from the seamen. Suppose it is, what
shall we do? What does the gentleman from Ala-
bama propose to do? Shall we breakdown all
our marine hospitals, because the money expended
upon them is so greatly disproportionate to the
amount received from seamen, and which I might
say is wrung from them? What are we to do with
them? Shall weturn thesesearnen adriftupon the
cold charities of the world ? Does the gentleman
from Alabama propose to repeal the tax levied
upon seamen ?
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Lou-
isiana will allow me I will tell him; and if he had
paid attention to my speech, he certainly would
have discovered that 1 was in favor—and f ex-
press ly said I was—of stopping the appropria-
tions upon these buildings, upon which enough
already had been expended, and to apply them to
those buildings upon which very little money had
been expended.
Mr. JONES. How are we to determine in re-
gard to this matter except upon estimates from the
proper officers, or from individuals acquainted
with the facts, whether these points have received
sufficient appropriations or not? Shall we apply
to the gentleman from Alabama, or to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, or the gentlemen who rep-
resent the particular localities where these hospi-
tals are situated? Are we to leave them in a
dilapidated condition, and only half built, because
the expenditures upon them have been heretofore
extravagant? Shall we permit them to go to de-
cay? And are these seamen who may be left at
these points, to be thrown on the chanty of the
community because these hospitals, which have
cost so much money, are not in a condition to re-
ceive them ?
Now, Mr. Chairman, the Red river, the dis-
trict watered by which I have the honor to rep-
resent, almost entirely, from the point at which
it enters into the State of Louisiana, to the point
at which it enters into the Mississippi river—the
Red river, with a magnificent navigation of twelve
hundred miles—the Red river, through whose
month nearly one fourth of the whole cotton crop
of the United States passes to market, has not a
single marine hospital from Us mouth to its
source. And these seamen, who have to pay this
tax, are deprived of all the advantages which
should result to them from that tax. I have in-
troduced a biii here this session to supply this
want. It is now before the Committee on Com-
merce, but as yet the committee have not reported
it, and 1 fear they may not report it. But it is
nothing but simple justice to my section of the
country that they should do so. But because this
bill has not been reported, and because there is no
law establishing a marine hospital on the Red
rivex% I am debarred by the rules of the House
from offering ap amendment which I should jiff^r
I to this bill, were I not so prevented, giving $25s0$)
or $30,000 for the establishment of a single ma-
rine hospital for the whole coast of the Red
river.
Mr. PRESTON, by unanimous consent, then
withdrew his amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Taylor's amend-
ment.
Mr. WADE. I propose to amend the amend-
ment by adding to the appropriation for the marine
hospital, at Cleveland, five dollars.
I offer that amendment for the purpose of call-
ing the attention of the committee for a single
moment to the condition of this hospital, which I
had the honor, at an early part of the session, to
bring before the notice of the House. I want to
say only that I have got here a letter from the
Register of the Treasury, showing the amount of
money that has been collected from seamen at the
port of Cleveland, and the amount of revenue
and imports collected at the port of Cleveland. I
have al^o the statement of the collector of the port
of Cleveland, showing the number of seamen who
entered into that port during the last season.
There were forty-six thousand seamen who en-
tered the port of Cleveland duringthe last season,
and an equal number who sailed from that port in
the same time, making the number of seamen who
entered and cleared ninety-two thousand. The
amount of money which has been collected—hos-
pital money as it is called—from seamen entering
the port of Cleveland for the last four years, as
appears from the Register's letter, was upwards of
$1,200 per annum.
It has; been said here that we are paying away
much larger sums for this purpose than we are
receiving. But there will be an end to these ap-
propriations after a little time, when these hospi-
tals shall have been finished, while the collec-
tions for seamen will continue through all time;
and as the numbers of these seamen increase, as
they are yearly increasing on the lakes, it will be
found that there will have been collected from the
seamen at that port more, immeasurably more,
than the buildings will have cost. And now the
Government of the United States possesses a plot
of ground in Cleveland, lying in one of the most
beautiful parts of that beautiful city on the lake
shore, which, by the increase in the value of
property, is worth more than all that has been
expended on the hospital. That hospital is in
a condition which is absolutely a disgrace to the
Government of the United States. It is reared
up, and some portions of the gables have been
left open; some portion of the roof is tinned, and
some portion is left untinned; the cornices are left
open in some parts, allowing the storms to drive
in, and some portions of the wards are left unfin-
ished.
There has been an average of seamen in this
hospital of twenty-eight during the year before
this; and there has been an average of more than
forty-eight during the last season. That is the
average of every day. And yet, Mr, Chairman,
at this season, indicating, as it does, a season of
great sickness and calamity to seamen, there is no
opportunity at all to receive the number that apply
there for reception; and there are little advantages,
therefore, to the seamen, and no chances of sus-
taining them in comfort at that point.
Now, it seems to me, that if this House is not
disposed to take the position of the gentleman
from Alabama, the honorable chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, which is to leave
these works in a state of dilapidation, and allow
them to go to decay, as a monument of the folly
of this Government in throwing away its money
in this manner, then we have nothing to do but
simply to make these appropriations and finish all
these buildings, thereby giving to the poor sea-
man the opportunity for some little comfort in
the course of a life which, at best, is one of dis-
comfort, adventure, and much suffering on his
part.
Mr. WADE, by unanimous consent, then with-
! drew his amendment.
i The question v/as then taken upon the nmend-
! merit of Mr. Taylor, of Ohio; and it was agreed
to.
Mr. SINGLETON. I offer the amendment
which I send up to the Clerk's desk.
The amendment was read, as follows:
i For the construction of, a marine hospital at Vicksburg 4
> m the S??afe of Mississippi, the sum ot $55,000.
