THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1854.
New Series....No. 147.
all elections, and in all meetings of the stockhold-
ers, to one vote for each and every share which
may be owned by him, which said vote may be
given in person or by proxy, in such manner as
the by-laws may direct.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the man-
agement of the business and concerns of said cor-
poration, subject, nevertheless, to such restraint
and qualifications as may be prescribed by the by-
laws or other votes of the stockholders adopted
in general meeting, shall be vested in a board to
consist of a president and six directors, who shall
be elected by ballot, and shall be stockholders at
the time of their election; and they, or a majority
of them, shall be a quorum for the transaction of
business: that the first board shall be elected
within six months after the passage of this act;
and the subsequent elections shall be made an-
nually thereafter, on the first Monday in May,
at a general meeting of the stockholders, to be
convened for the purpose at such time and place;
and after such notice as may be fixed by the by-
laws of the corporation, or by the president and
directors in conformity therewith; but if an elec-
tion shall not be made on the day appointed for
the purpose, it may be made at any time there-
after; and the president and directors, for the time
being, shall hold and exercise their offices until a
new election shall be made; and in case of a va-
cancy in the office of president or director, the
remaining members of the board shall choose a
president or director, as the case may be, to serve
until the next annual election.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That a general
meeting of the stockholders shall be called by the
president and directors as often as they may deem
expedient, or as the stockholders by their by-laws
or other votes may direct, and may likewise be
called by any number of stockholders owning not
less than one fourth part of the capital stock; and
at least five days' notice of the time and place of
such meeting shall be given to each stockholder
personally, or by advertisement, to be inserted in
a newspaper published daily in the City of Wash-
ington; and in any meeting of stockholders for
the transaction of any business, the owners of the
major part of the capital stock present, by person
or by proxy, shall form a quorum; and every such
meeting shall have full power and authority to
provide by ordinary by-laws, or by other vote,
for transacting the business of the corporation,
which by-laws or vote, whilst in force, shall be
binding on the president and directors.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That nothing
herein contained shall be construed to confer bank-
ing privileges on the said corporation, or the power
of issuing bank notes, or notes in the nature of
bank notes, or paper intended to circulate as bank
notes or currency: Provided, That nothing in this
act contained shall be so construed as to prevent
the Congress of the United States from altering
or repealing the same whenever the public good
requires it: Jlnd provided further, That the stock-
holders, individually and collectively, shall be
responsible for all the acts done, and obligations
incurred by the corporation created by this act.
Approved, August 4, 1854.
No. 177.—An Act for the Relief of Thomas Bro-
naught, and for the repeal of the " Act to aid the
Territory of Minnesota in the Construction of a
Railroad therein," approved the twenty-ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four.
Be it enacted hy the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior is j
hereby directed to increase thepension of Thomas I
Bronaugh, who is now on the rolls at four dollars, !
to the rate of eight dollars permonth, to commence i
January first, eighteen hundred and fifty-four. j
Sec. 2. And'be it further enacted, That the bill I
entitled "An act to aid the Territory of Minnesota !
in the construction of a railroad therein," which j
passed the House of Representatives on thetwen-1
tieth day of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, j
and which was apptoved hy the President of the ,
United States on the twenty-ninth day of June, j
147
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, be, and the same
is hereby, repealed.
Approved, August 4, 1854.
No. 178.—An Act to provide a Pension for Captain
Thomas Porter.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Captain Thomas Porter, a deputy
quartermaster general in the war of eighteen hun-
dred and twelve, be placed upon the roll of invalid
pensioners, at twenty dollars per month, com-
mencing on the second day of March, Anno
Domini eighteen hundred and thirty-one, deduct-
ing from said amount such sum or sums as have
heretofore been allowed and paid to him as pen-
sion money.
Approved, August 5, 1854.
No. 179.—An Act for the Relief of Julia Aiken.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, "That the Secretary of the Interior is
hereby instructed to pay to Julia Aiken, the only
child of William Yool , who died in the naval ser-
vice of the United States, in the year eighteen
hundred and one, on her sole and separate receipt,
and for her s^le use and control, the amount of
pension she would have been entitled to receive
under the provisions of the act of March third,
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, if her claim
had been allowed while that act was in force.
Approved, August 5, 1854.
No. 180.—An Act for the Relief of Thomas Ap
Catesby Jones, surety for a former Postmaster at
Norfolk, Virginia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United iStates of America in Congress
assembled, That a certain judgment rendered, in
the year eighteen hundred and forty-two, against
Thomas Ap Catesby Jones and Duncan Robert-
son, as sureties for Walter P. Jones, formerly
postmaster at Norfolk, in the State of Virginia,
for the sum of four thousand three hundred and
eighty-seven dollars and nine cents, it being on
account of the defalcation of said postmaster, as
such, be, and the same is hereby, declared satisfied,
in so far as the said sureties, or either of them,
are liable thereon.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the sum
of two thousand five hundred dollars, heretofore
by said Thomas Ap Catesby Jones, through his
agent, paid on said judgment, be, and the same is
hereby, ordered to be refunded to said Jones, out
of any moneys in the Treasury of the United
States not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, August 5, 1854.
No. 181.—An Act for the Relief of A. S. Laughery.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That upon its being made to appear to
the Commissioner of Pensions by sufficient proof,
to be judged of by him, thaUhe said A. S.Laugh-
ery servered [served] as a clerk in the commis-
sary department of the United States Army in
Mexico during the late war with that nation, it
shall be the duty of the Commissioner of Pensions
to issue to the said A. S. Laughery a land war-
rant for such an amount of acres (according to the
time of the service proven) as he would have been
entitled to under existing laws if he had served the
same time in the Army of the United States in said
war.
Approved, August 5,1854.
No. 182.—An Act for the Relief of the Legal Repre-
serifah'yes of Charles Pavie.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Commissioner of the General I
Lnml Office be, at'd he is hereby, authorized and j
required to correct the eir-^r in the description of 1
the claim for land by Charles Pavie (number i.
thirty-seven) in the report of the register and re-
ceiver of the land office at Ouachita, Louisiana,
dated July twenty.fourth, eighteen hundred and
thirty-seven, and confirmed by the act entitled
An act confirming certain land claims in Louis-
mna, approved July sixth, eighteen hundred and
forty-two, and to have the same located on the
south or right side of Red river* descending, not
exceeding the quantity claimed and confirmed as
aforesaid: Provided, That this is only to operate
as a quitclaim on the part of the United States
Approved, Augusts, 1854.
No. 183.—An Act for the Relief of the Heirs of Cap-
tain Matthew Jack, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
and he is hereby, authorized and required to pay
to Samuel Jack, for himself and the other heirs of
Mathew Jack, deceased, late a captain in the Penn-
sylvania line in the continental establishment of
the war of the Revolution, one year's extra pay of
a captain in such service, as promised by the re-
solves of Congress, !o be paid out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, August 5, 1854.
No. 184.—9« Act for the Relief of the Legal Heirs
of Benjamin Metoyer.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, I hat Benjamin Metoyer, of Natchito-
ches parish, of Louisiana, be authorized to enter
for himself and the other heirs of Benjamin
Metoyer, deceased, [as] near as may be by legal
subdivisions, one hundred and twenty-three and
twelve one hundredths acres of land, out of any
public lands belonging to the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of the Land Office be authorized to issue
to the said heirs and legal representatives, patents
for the lands heretofore confirmed to them, or those
under whom they claim by acts of Congress.
Approved, August 5,1854.
No. 185.—An Act for the Relief of James Capen.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to place the name of James Capen on the
pension roll, and that the said Capen be entitled
to receive the sum of eight dollars per month
during his natural life, to commence on the fourth
day of March, eighteen hundred and fifty-one.
Approved, August 5, 1854.
No. 186.—An Act for the Relief of Lloyd Sovsey
and others.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Lloyd Dorsey, of the county of
St. Charles, and State of Missouri, be, and he is
hereby, authorized to enter at the proper land
office m said State, at the minimum price of the
public lands, the southeast fractional quarter of
section twenty-two, township forty-six, range
four east, containing one hundred and forty-two
and eighty-nine one hundredth acres; and that he
i3 hereby authorized to enter, for the use and ben-
efit of the heirs of George Pitzer, deceased, the
southwest fractional quarter of section twenty-
two, township forty-six, range four east,contain-
ing one hundred and four acres, and the north-
east fractional quarter of section twenty-seven,
township forty-six, range four east, containing
forty-six acres: Provided, That nothing in this
act contained shall prejudice the rights of any
person or persons having any legal or equitable
claim to the lands herein mentioned, or any part
thereof.
Approved, August 5, 1854.
No. 187.—An Act for the Relief of William Cvrran.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
