2388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
assenibled, That the assignment, bearing date the
twenty-fifth day of April, eighteen hundred and
fifty-one, from Thomas Myers to William Curran,
of bounty land warrant number four hundred
and seven, for one hundred and sixty acres of
land, dated the seventh day of February, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-one, and issued to Thomas
Myers, private and corporal in Captain Skinner's
company, Colonel Mill's regiment, New York
volunteers, war of eighteen hundred and twelve,
be, and the same is hereby, confirmed and de-
clared effectual to transfer the said land warrant
to the said William Curran, and to vest in him
the title thereto from the date of said assignment;
and this act shatt be deemed and taken to be good
and sufficient evidence of said assignment having
been duly made in all courts and places whatever.
Approved, August 5, 1854.
No. 188.-—An Act for the Relief of Robert F.
McGuire and Louisa, his icifc> late Louisa Lnmy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Robert F. McGuire, and Louisa
McGuire, his wife, late Louisa Lamy, be, and
they are hereby, confirmed in their title to a cer-
tain tract of land, in the State of Louisiana, con-
taining four hundred arpents, situate in and being
apartofthe <s Baron de Bastrop Grant," being the
same tract to which the said McGuire and wife
derived their title from the conveyance of A.
Morehous, dated seventeenth April, eighteen hun-
dred and nine: Provided, That this act shall be
considered only as a relinquishment of title on
the part of the United States to the said tract,
and not prejudice the rights of third persona*
Ajpproyed, August 5, 1854.
No. 189.—An Act for the Relief of Warren Ray-
mond.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House qf Repre-
sentatives of the United Staffs nf.'lmerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Warren Raymond, of the State of New York,
upon the roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate of
four dollars per month, to commence on the first
day of January, Anno Domini, eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, and to continue during his natural
life.
Approved, August 5, 1854.
No. 190.—An Act for the Relief of John S. King, of
Virginia.
Be it c.nacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, required to place the name of
the said John S. Jung upon the pension roll, and
cause to be paid to him the sum of eight doliais
per month, for and during his natural life, com-
mencing January first, A. D. one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-three.
Approved, August 5, 1954.
No« 191.—An Act for the Relief of Henry Leicisand
Motes Pciel, Clinton County, Indiana.
Beit enacted by the Senate and f louse of Repre-
sentatives oj the Unite'l States if .'Imrrica in Congress
assembled, That Henry Lcwuj, of Clinton county,
Indiana, and Moses Pete*., of Park county, Indi-
ana, be, and they are hereby, f'nch authorized to
enter, free of cost, except the fees to the land
officers, forty acres of land, out of any lands kuu-
ject to private entry, at any land office m the
United States, or the Territories thereof, in full
of their respective claims for money 'paid Charles
Tyler, register of the land office at Crawfordswlie,
Indiana, m the montii of January, Anno Domini
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, the amount
thereof being fifty dollars each.
Approykd, August 5, 1854.
No. 192.—An Act for the Mr lief of the Legal Repre-
sentatives of George .McGirk
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in. Congress
assembled, That the legal representatives of George
McGirk be, and they are hereby, auihoriztd to
enter, without payment, one hundred and sixty
acres of land, in any land office in the State of
Missouri, in lieu of a tract of land claimed by |
them in said State, viz: the northwest quarter of
section one, in township forty-eight, of range
seventeen, (west of the fifth principal meridian
line, and being survey number two thousand five
hundred and forty-four:) for which land, so en-
tered by them, the register of the land office shall j
issue the necessary certificate, on payment of the i
fee therefor, on return of which said certificate to i
the General Land Office, a patent shall issue in
favor of said legal representatives.
Approved, August 5, 1854.
No. 193.—An Act for the Relief of Asa Leach,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be j
instructed to place the name of Asa Leach upon I
the pension roll, and to pay him at the rate of j
four dollars per month, commencing August first, 1
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, to continue during
his life.
Approved, August 5, 1854.
No. 1S4.—AnActfnr the Relief of George M. Benlley,
of the State of Indiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is authorized and directed to place the name
of George M, Bentley, of the State of Indiana,
upon the listof invalid pensioners of the United
States, at the rate of eight dollars per month, from
the first day of January, in the year eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, and to continue during his
natural life.
Approved, August 5, 1854.
No. 195,—An Act planting the Right of Way to the
MarysviUe and Benicia Railroad Company though
and ocer tfie giouhds of Che United States at Benicia,
in California.
Be it enacted by the Seyiale and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the right of way, sixty-six feet in
width, shall be, and is hereby, granted to the Ma-
rysville and Benicia Railroad CompanyTor the road
of said company through and over the grounds of
the United States at and near Benicia, in Solano
county, and State of California: Provided, That
the route of said railroad across said grounds be
approved by the Secretary of War before the same
is entered upon for the purpose of constructing
said railroad: And provided further, That the same
be granted without detriment to the public interest,
in the opinion of the Secretary of War.
Approved, August 5. 1854.
No. 196.—An Act for the Relief of the Inhabitants
of Township Fwfy-fivc, Range One, in Wat ren
County, Missouri.
Whereas the concession of six hundred arpents
of land by C. I). Delasus, the lieutenant governor
of Upper Louisiana, to Andrew Kmaird, and
which concession was confirmed by the act of
Congress of July fourth, eighteen hundred and
thirty-nix, entitled An Act confirming claims to
land m the State of Missouri, and for other pur-
poses," was located prior to the surveys of the
pubhc lands in Missouri; and whereas, upon the
survey of said lands one half of section sixteen, of
township forty-five, of range one west, in Warren
county, Missouri, was covered by the concession
to said Kinaird: Therefore—
Tic it enacted by the. Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Cong) ess
assembled, That the board of directors of com-
mon schools in and for said township be, and they
are hereby, authorized to select and have set apart,
for the use of schools in ssid township, one half of
a section of any of the public lands m the land
district within which said county h situated, in
lieu of the half of said section sixteen, which is cov-
ered by the concession to said Kinaird; and when
the said board of directors shall make the selec-
tion of said half section, the [y] shall notify the
register of the land office in said district of the
land so selected, and the same shall be reserved
from sale and set apart for the use of schools
in said township: Provided, That said selection
and notification be made within twelve months
after the passage of this act, and provided said se-
lection shall be according to the legal subdivisions
of the public lands, and in quantities not less than
eighty acres.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That when the
half section of land shod have been so as afore-
said selected and reported to the register aforesaid,
the same shall vest in the State of Missouri, sub-
ject to the same disposition and uses, and shall be
held subject to the same conditions and terms in
all respects whatsoever, as by the sixth section of
the act of Congress of March sixth, eighteen hun-
dred twenty, entitled " An act to authorize the
people of Missouri Territory to form a constitu-
tion and State government, and for the admission
of such State into the Union on an equal footing
with the original States, and to prohibit slavery in
certain Territories," were prescribed or intended,
in relation to sections numbered sixteen.
Approved, August 5, 1854.
RESOLUTIONS.
No. 1.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of Alexander
P. Field, late Secretary of Wisconsin Territory,
and Sureties.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers cf
the Treasury Department be authorized and di-
rected to settle the accounts of A lexander P. Field,
late secretary of Wisconsin Territory, upon prin-
ciples of equity and justice: Provided, That no
credit shall be allowed the said Field m said settle-
ment under this resolution, except such of the
following] items numbering fronvone to twelve,
inclusive^ claimed by the said Field, as the said
accounting* officers may determine in equity and
justice should be allowed:
Item No. 1. W. W. Wyman, payment on bond
not yet surrendered, four hundred and thirty-
seven dollars, ($437 00.)
Item No. 2. C. C. Snoles, payment on his bond
not surrendered, one thousand and seventy-five
dollars, (§1,075 00.)
Item No. 3. Over-payment to Josiah A. Noo-
nan, for printing, one hundred dollars and forty-
one cents, ($100 41.)
Item No. 4. Over-payment to John CatIin,one
hundred and seven dollars, (§107 00.)
Item No. 5. George I, Coates's bond, wanting
Gridley's indorsement, one hundred dollars,
($100 00.)
item No. 6. E. Siingerland's bond, wanting J.
Kneeland's indorsement, one hundred dollars,
($100 00 )
Item No. 7. James Sullivan's bond, wanting
his own indorsement, thirty-five dollars, ($35 00.)
Item No. 8. Appropriation of Legislative As-
sembly, for expenses of journey to Washington,
procuring and transporting funds,etc., eight hun-
dred dollars, (<>800 00.)
Item No. 9. Payment to Barlow Shackelford,
six doliais and sixty-five cents, ($6 65.)
Item No. 10. Appropriation of Legislative As-
sembly, February, eighteen hundred and forty-
three, for expense to Washington, procuring and
transporting money for expenses of Legislative
Assembly, eight hundred dollars, ($yOO 00.)
Item No. II. Appropriation for office rent, sta-
tionery, etc., one hundred dollars, (§100 00.)
Item No. 1*2. Appropriation for postage, one
hundred dollars, ($100 00,) making m sll, three
thousand seven huntited and sixty-one dollars
and yix cents, ($3,761 0G.)
Approved, January 24,1854.
No. Q.—Joint Resolution for settling the Accounts of
A. Boyd Hamilton.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives <f the United States of Amenca in Congress
assembled, That m place of the parties named for
settling the accounts of A. Boyd Hamilton in the
seventeenth section of the act entitled "An act
mnkmg appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-three,
and for other purposes." there be substituted the
First Comptroller of the Treasury, who is hereby
charged with their duties as specified in said act,
and that the accounts of said A. Boyd Hamilton
be settled as prescribed in said section of said act,
and that he be paid any sum that may bo found
