1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2339
due to him at the Treasury of the United States
upon the certificate of said Comptroller.
Approved, March 27, 1854.
No. 3-—A Resolution giving the consent of Congress
to the acceptance by Lieutenant M. F. Maury, of
the Navy, of a Gold Medal from His Majesty the
King of Sweden.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Jimerica in Congress
assembled, That Lieutenant M. F. Maury, of the
United States Navy, be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to accept a gold medal recently presented to
him by His Majesty the King of Sweden.
Approved, June 29, 1854.
No. 4.—Joint Resolution to correct a clerical errorin
the Act approved June twenty second, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty four, " to authorize a Register to be
issued to the steamer El Paraguay, by a new
name."
Rescind by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States qf America in Congress
assembled, That the word " Joy," where it occurs
in the " Act to authorize a register to be issued to
the steamer El Paraguay by a new name,"ap-
proved June twenty-second, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, shall read and be held to mean Ivy.
Approved, July 17, 1854.
No. 5.—A Resolution authorizing the Secretary of
the Territory of New Mexico to adjust and pay
to Juan C. Armijo, Jose L. Perea, and James L.
Collins, the amount by them loaned to the Legisla-
tive Assembly of the Territory of New Mexico,
under authority of a Joint Resolution of that body,
approved the seventeenth of June, eighty [eighteen]
hundred and fifty-one.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Territory of
New Mexico be authorized to adjust and pay to
Juan C. Armijo, Jose L. Perea, and James L.
Collins, the amount of a loan, with interest, by
them made to the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of New Mexico, negotiated by au-
thority of a joint resolution of that body, ap-
proved on the seventeenth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-one. The payment to be made out
of the unexpended fund appropriated by Con-
gress for legislative expenses in said Territory,
and in accordance with the agreement made when
the loan was negotiated.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 6.—Joint Resolution giving One Mundred and
Sixty Acres of Land to Francis M. Gwin, of In-
diana.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to issue to Francis M.
Gwin, of New Albany, Indiana, a land warrant
for one hundred and sixty acres of land, in con-
sideration of his gallant services in serving during
the Mexican war whilst he was a minor.
Approved, August 1, 1854.
No. 7.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of John A.
Bryan.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be author-
ized and required to receive proof of the number
of days that John A. Bryan was engaged in the
discharge of the duties of a commissioner, to
make and carry into effect a treaty with the Wy-
andott Indians, being appointed commissioner for
the purposes aforesaid, by the Secretary of War,
on the nineteenth of April, eighteen hundred and
thirty-six, aod to pay the said Bryan, at the rate of
eight dollars per day whilst so engaged, out of any
money in theTreasury not otherwise appropriated,
deducting therefrom any amount that said Bryan
may have heretofore received for said services.
Approved, August 1, 1854.
No. 8.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of Brevet
Captain J. H. Lendrum, United States Army.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the accounting officers of the
Treasury be authorized to settle the accounts of
Brevet Captain J. H. Lendrum, of the United
States Army, and to credit the saidLendrum with
the sum of two thousand nine hundred and sev-
enty dollars and fourteen cents, moneys disbursed
by said Lendrum out of the moneys of the quar-
termasters' fund, and the sum of three thousand
five hundred and seventy-five dollars and ninety-
six cents, moneys disbursed by said Lendrum
out of the moneys belonging to the civil fund of
California, the vouchers for which were lost and
destroyed by reason of the fire in the city of San
Francisco on the fourth of May, Anno Domini
eighteen hundred and fifty.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
No. 9.—A Joint Resolution directing the Account-
ing Officers of the Treasury to Adjust the Account
of William Woodbury, late Pension Agent at
Portland, Maine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the accounting officers of the
Treasury be, and they are hereby, directed, in ad-
justing the account of William Woodbury, late
pension agent at Portland, Maine, to place to the
credit of the said William Woodbury the same
amount paid by him to Mary Hone, the only sur-
viving child and heir of Keziah Heartshorne, de-
ceased, the same having been paid in conformity
with the directions of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, as conveyed upon the face of a certificate of
pension issued by said Commissioner to said ICe-
ziah Hartshorne on the twentieth day of January,
one thousand eight hundred and forty-nine.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
No. 10.—A Joint Resolution making Appropria-
tion for the Payment of those entitled to the Benefits
of the Resolution of the House of Representatives of
the United Slates, passed August third, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, voting Extra Compensation
to Pages, Folders, and others.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum appropriated by the
House of Representatives on this day for the pay-
ment of its pages and employees, be paid out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Approved, August 5, 1854.
