1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
cable and compatible with the public interest to
furnish at the present time, respecting the proceed-
ings which have been had, and negotiations en-
tered into, for extinguishing the Indian titles to j
lands west of the States of Missouri and Iowa.
Mr. BENTON. X move that the communica-
tion be laid upon the table, and printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the document had
better go to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
I move that reference of it.'
Mr. BENTON. I would say to the gentleman
from Alabama that I have already moved that it
be laid upon the table, and printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Mis-
souri, I believe, introduced the resolution, to
which this communication is a response, and as
he has made that motion, I withdraw mine.
So the report was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
RECOVERY OF ASSETS OP BANKRUPTS.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, in pursuance
of previous notice, asked and obtained leave, and
introduced a bill of the following title; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary:
A bill to authorize the recovery of the estates
of bankrupts which have been concealed, or not
specified in the schedule rendered by him.
REVISION OF REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. OLDS. Oh, no. Let us have a morning
hour.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I ask my col-
league to withdraw that motion for a moment?
Mr. CHANDLER. I will withdraw it, if the
gentleman wishes the floor for only a moment.
Mr. JONES. Some time last week, by the
unanimous consent of the House, the Senate bill,
appropriating §10,000 for revising the revenue
laws, was before the House, and was then referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means. The
committee are now prepared to report a bill,
which will be satisfactory, I think, to the whole
House. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to allow that report to be made, and to
have the subject taken up and disposed of. It can
be done in a few minutes; and if it be not done
now, the matter may be on hand a long tirhe.
Mr. OLDS. I must object, because I am anxious
to make a report from a committee of which I am
a member. I dislike to be obliged to object; but
if this course is to be pursued, I shall never get
the opportunity to do so. We had better adhere
to the regular business of the morning hour.
Mr. JONES. It will not take ten minutes to
dispose of the matter; and I will say to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, that if it consumes more than
that, I will withdraw it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I yielded to this gentle-
man, and withdrew my motion only with the un-
derstanding that the gentleman should be allowed
to present the report. I understand objection is
made.
Mr. OLDS. I withdraw my objection. *
No further objection being made,
Mr. HOUSTON, from theCommittee of Ways
and Means, reported a substitute for the bill which
was referred to them; which was read for inform-
ation.
The substitute provides that there be appropri-
ated out of the Treasury #5,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, to pay for preparing
a general revenue law, in accordance with the res-
olution of the Senate passed in January, 1853;
and that the Secretary of the Treasury allow other
necessary expenses, and report to Congress, at its
meeting in December next, the items of such pay
and expenditure.
The SPEAKER. According to the practice of
the House, the bill should go to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think it was understood,
at the time of the reference of the Senate bill to
the Committee of Ways and Means, that when it
should be again reported to the House, that it
would be acted upon without additional reference.
It has been to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union already, and discussed, and
the only action of the Committee of Ways and
Means in reference to it, as tife House will see at
once, has been to reduce the amount, and to re-
quire the Secretary of the Treasury to report to
Congress, at its meeting in December next, the
items embracing the expenditures whieh will be
made under the joint resolution.
The amendment is of such a character as will,
I think, remove the objections heretofore made
against the joint resolution. I suppose the sense
of the House was pretty well expressed the other
day upon the propriety of passing some measure
of this kind.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on. the state of the Union were the other day dis-
charged from the further consideration of this
joint resolution, and the House then by a two-
thirds vote suspended the rule requiring it to be
considered first in the Committee of the Whole
House. That is the history of the action of the
House in relation to this measure; but how far
that action will apply to it in the shape in which
it now comes from the Committee of Ways and
Means is questionable. If there be no objection,
however, the resolution and amendment will now
be considered.
Mr. HAVEN. I would refer the Chair to the
133d rule; which is the one governing this matter,
and is the following:
" Al! proceedings touching appropriations of money shali
be first difccuseed in a Committee of the Whole House. "
Now, sir, this is a proceeding touching an ap-
propriation of money, and has been in Commit-
tee of the Whole. I think, therefore, it may very
properly come up now and be acted on in the
House.
The SPEAKER. It was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
but has never been considered there. The Chair
thinks that, by a strict construction of the rule, the
resolution and amendment should go to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House for its first considera-
tion. It is competent, however, for the House,
by unanimous consent, to dispense with its con-
sideration there. If there be no objection, the
question will be upon the adoption of the amend-
ment reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and having
been engrossed, was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now renew the motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the slate
of the Union.
Mr. MURRAY. I desire to make a report
from the Committee on Printing. I ask if it is
not a question of privilege?
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged question;
but the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia is also privileged, and must be first put.
Mr. HUGHES. I appeal to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to give way for a moment. I
expect to absent myself from the House for some
days, and I desire to present three or four bills
which I hold in my hand, for the purpose of
having them referred.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will not object, if no
one else does.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman propose
to report them from a committee, or to present
them originally?
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to report them from
the Committee on Private Land Claims, of which
I am a member.
Mr. OLDS. I must object. I am very anx-
ious to make reports from thecommittee to which I
i belong, and 1 cannot permit other committees to
' come m out of their order and make reports.
The SPEAKER. The bills can only be re-
ported by unanimous consent; and objection is
made.
Mr. CHANDLER. I insist, then, upon my
motion to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. 1IENN. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania what is his object in going
into Committee of the Whole during the morning
hour ? Why not allow the committees to be called
for reports'
Mr. CHANDLER. My object is to afford an
opportunity to the gentleman from Illinois to pre-
sent his opinions upon the subject on which he
desires to speak.
Mr. OLDS. His opinions will not spoil by
keeping.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remark to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that, in conse-
quence of the special order in committee, the bill
on which the gentleman from Illinois has the floor
will not be under consideration.
Mr. CHANDLER. The special order does not
take effect until one o'clock,- which is the reason
why I desired to give the gentleman an opportu-
nity to speak before that time.
The question was then put on the motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; and, on a division, there were—ayes
80 
Mr. OLDS. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion, so that we may see who are opposed
to receiving reports from the standing committees
of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the yeas and nays be
ordered, the call will exhaust what is remaining
of the morning hour.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The SPEAKER. The motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
is agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Hamilton in the chair.)
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. The civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill is still under consideration; and
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Yates] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. YATES said that he intended to address
the committee on the subject of the Nebraska bill,
and more especially on that portion of it which
proposes to repeal the Missouri compromise.
Opposition could come with propriety from Illi-
nois, as no voice from that State had yet been
raised against the bill. The most prominent cham-
pion of the measure in the Senate is from Illinois,
as well as his colleague in the House, [Mr. Rich-
ardson,] the chairman of the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
One of the glorious traits of the Northwest was,
that it had enjoyed, to an almost inappreciable
extent, the benefits of the restriction which it was
now proposed to repeal. He referred to the.-ordi-
nance of 1787; and he should be the last one to
deprive a sister Commonwealth, hereafter to come
into the Union, of freedom in the race to glory.
Whatever may be the glory or infamy of the
measure, so in that glory or infamy Illinois must
partly participate.
The Missouri compromise quieted the slavery
agitation which at that time existed; and the
measures of 1850, it was said, had settled the
question finally, and it was declared that this was
to be a business Congress. But it was reserved
| for a northern man, and he from Illinois, to east
the firebrands of discord into these peaceful coun-
cils; to revive and open a war so disastrous to the
peace of our Union, which God alone can tell
when and where the strife will terminate.
With regard to the Missouri compromise, the
South was true to its plighted faith; but it was for
a northern man to anticipate the wants of the
South, and revive sectional war and agitation.
And now they had the chagrin to hear, to the dis-
comfiture of the North, that the South will not
refuse our generous offer; and the whole North are
to be made responsible §or this surrender, by a
, northern Senator, of rights so dear to the North,
i No hand was prepared to disturb that compro-
l mise until this Nebraska bill was introduced.
I He then proceeded to speak of Henry Clay as
| the great pacificator, saying that if Clay were here,
| m all the majestic proportions of his manly form,
j and clothed in the .panoply of his immortal elo-
; quence, he would rebuke this attempt to repeal the
! sacred compact. He made further remarks on
; this subject.
1 After Mr. Yates had been speaking for half an
! hour, the Chairman's hammer fell, one o'clock
[ having arrived, being the hour fixed for the con-
j sideration of the special order.
I The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that, by
j the special order of the House, the committee is
> now required to pass from the consideration of
j this bill. The gentleman from Illinois can, there-
fore, only proceed with his speech by unanimous
I consent.
