1482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juno 2*2,
The Committee on Foreign Affairs recommended
the adoption of this amendment, and t!*.e Com-
mit'ee of the Whole on the state of the Union
cannot role an amendment out of order which
another committee has recommended.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
Mr. BAYLY. With all respect to the Chair,
I must appeal from that decision; because one
commiuee cannot overrule another upon a point
of order.
The CHAIRM AN. The question of appeal is
not debatable If the Chair had any doubts
about thp matter, he would decide thattheampnd-
ment was in order. Any claim which had under-
gone an investigation by a committee of this
House comes with more to recommend u to the
consideration of the House than any claim offei ed
by an individual member. The Chair has no
doubt that the amendment embraces a private
claim, and theiefore rules it out of order. From
this decision the gentleman from Virginia appeals;
and the question now is, u Shall the decision of
the Phair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee
Mr. PRESTON. Can X be indulged in making
a single statement to the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. PRESTON. I would refer the Chair to
the case of John Bosnian Ketr, where money was
superadded in the deficiency bill.
Several Members. The question is not debat-
able.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to this statement.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
siand as the judgment of the committee ?"
The question was taken, and the decision was
sustained.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 am instructed by the
Committee on Foreign Affaiis to offer the follow-
ing amendment:
To Prter Pnrker fnr services as charge d'affaires in
China, irom May 1^53, t«> January 24, in«« dav of
tiie arrival «u Canton of the Una. H. Marshall—eight
months and seven day>—$1,^70 78.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. Paiker is in China
as secretary of legation, and m the absence of the
commissioner, who is the minister there, he as-
sumed diplomatic relations, as he had done fre-
quently before.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
I ask whether thnt is not a private claim ? (s there
any law authorizing that appropriation ?
Mr. CHANDLER. It is a claim which has
been frequently admitted m this kind of bill, and
u comes u> us sanctioned by the State Depart-
ment. I was only induced by the request of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
to wtthdiaw this amendment when 1 offered it to
the deficiency bill. He said it belonged to this
bill, and theie is no doubt that it does.
Mr, LETCHBR, [to Mr. Chandler ] Was
Pete Parker ever appointed chaige d'affaires by
the United States Government?
Mr. CHANDLER. He was.
Mr LETCHER. Then why did he not get
payment before this time5
Mr CHANDLER. He comes here now for
it. There lias been no appropriation made for
him.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to in-
quire of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, if this
individual was appointed minister? Is there any
law appointing him J
Mr. CHANDLER. It is the custom of the
country, and it has always been so, for secretaries
of Ifgatimt to discharge the duties of mmisteis,
in their absence. This gentleman was appointed
secretary of legation m China, and the ministei
went away and left him in charge of the legation.
I am instructed by the State Department that this
is the mvanable custom. 1 believe that this gen-
tleman has been so left in charge several times;
and he has been invariably paid m this way, by a
special appropriation.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Will the Chair
allow me a remark at this point, because it will
refer r.> other amendments. It is m relation to
these things being authorized by law. We have
not only a law, a statute on the subject, but we
have the Constitution, which authorizes the Pres-
ident to institute missions, to appoint commercial
agents, to appoint every description of foreign
representatives. That is the law. And the only
necessity for coming to Congress at all, in relation
to foreign missions, is for an appropriation to pay
them.
There are many other amendments here in-
volving the same principle. The law authorizes
the appointment of ministers by the President,
with the advice and consent ot the Senate; and
the only thing that the House has to do with the
question at all, is to provide the appropriation to
pay for their services. The question does not
pertain to the House at all.
The CHAIRMAN. In the case before the
committee for consideration—the one brought for-
ward by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Chandler]—the services have been rendered. No
appropriation had been made up to the time of the
execution ot those services. The case, therefore,
in the judgment of the Chair, cannot be other-
wise than one of a private claim against the Gov-
ernment, and on that ground the Chair rules it to
be out of order.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Chair will allow me
to take an appeal from that most strange decision.
I wash to say that 
The CHA1RMAN. Remarks are not in order.
Mr. LETCHER. Before the question on the
appeal is taken, 1 desire to have a clause in the
appropriation bill of the last Congress read. It
relates to Peter Parker.
The CEIAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. LE TCHER. I do not piopose to debate
the matter, but only desire a clause of a former
appropriation bill read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair looks upon
that as debate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to the reading.
Mr. TAYLOlt, ot Ohio. I have no objection
to hearing the clause read, if the gentleman from
Virginia will allow me to make a suggestion.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
The question then being, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee
Mr. INGERSOLL called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Middle-
swAUTH,and Harris of Alabama, wereappointed. j
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 74, noes 46.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair wiit state, in
addition to what he has already stated, that this
amendment would properly come in as an amend-
ment to a deficiency bill, but not as an amend-
ment to the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I have another
amendment, which i am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affans to offer. It is as follows:
For conip^i^atiot) to Joseph (.Jrahum, white acting as
char £ d\ifUm>h at Haenos Ayres.
Mr. LETCHER. I raise the samequestion of
order m reference to this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is not in order for the same reason
as the last.
Mr. BAYLY. Is not the question of order
debatable ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is nor.
Mr. BAYLY. Wei!, sir, will the Chair allow
me, who have had some experience in this House,
to make a single explanation m reference to it?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will be very
happy to hear the gentleman, if there be no ob-
jection.
Mr. SKELTON. I object, as the same privi-
lege was denied me just now.
Mr. BAYLY. Well, sir, I am exceedingly
embarrassed by these proceedings 
The CHAIRM AN. The Chair must interrupt
the gentleman. The question of order is not de-
batable, and objection has been made to his pro-
ceeding.
Mr. PRATT. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw his objection to the explanation of the
gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. SEWARD." I want to know whether it
will throw this question open for all of us to dis-
cuss ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This question of
order, as I understand it, is not debatable under
the five-minute rule. I must object.
Mr. BAYLY* Well, e.ir, I shall offer no more
amendments from the committee over which 1
have the honor to preside, though there are agood
many which I have been instructed to offer. This
decision is m violation of the whole course of pro-
ceeding in this House—
The CH AI RMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is not m order.
Mr. BAYLY. Well, sir, 1 appeal to the gen-
tleman to aliow me to say a single word upon the
question of order.
Mr. JONES. Jf there is any one in this House
I would do it for, it is the gentleman from Vir-
ginia; but, sir, if we commence this discussion
where is it to stop ? I think we had better adhere
to the rules, and confine ourselves to debate upon
questions on which it can legimately take place.
Mr. BAYLY. Mr. Chairman, as the gentle-
man from Tennessee has been permitted to make
remarks upon this question, I presume the Chair
will not rule me out of order m replying to him.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did hot under-
stand the gentleman from Tennessee as debating
i the question of order; he only stated the reasons
why he would not withdraw his objection.
Mr. BAYLY. Well, sir, I shall offer, as it is
my duty to do, the amendments which have been
intrusted to my care by the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and let them be ruled out of order, if
that is the decision of the Chair. 1 offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
For the payment to Anna P. P. Chew, executrix of Wil-
liam \V. Chew, tor his outfit as charge d'affaires toRubsia,
Mr. LETCHER. I make the same point there.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair makes the same
decision.
Mr. BAYLY. I offer the following amend-
ment:
' For the payment to Charles D. Aepend^on, while he
j acted as charge d'affaires at Stockholm, $1,681 25.
j Mr. LETCHER. I raise the same point of
! order on that amendment.
j TheCHAIRMAN. The Chair makes the same
| decision.
i Mr. BAYLY. I offer the following amend-
1 ment:
I For the payment to Ferdinand Coxe, for his services as
I cliaieG d'affaires at Biazd, $672 05.
| Mr. LETCHER. 1 raise the same point of
! orde; there.
| TheCHAIRMAN. The Chair makes the same
i decision.
j Mr. PRESTON. I appeal from that decision.
| The question was put on sustaining the decision
; of the Chair; and, oil a division, there were—ayes
! 61, noes 39.
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand tellers.
[ Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
j and Ashe were appointed.
\ The question was taken; and the decision of the
Chair was sustained, the tellers having reported—
j ayes 67, noes 54.
i Mr. BAYLY. X have one more amendment to
! offer:
! For compensation to Francis Haines for the discharge
I of the fTtnied States consular duties at Constantinople,
j from the 16th of May, 1849, to the 20th December, 18f>:±, in
conformity to the act of Congress approved the 11th Au-
gu.-t, 13-58, $3,794 50,
I desire to say, in respect to this amendment,
that 1 hold in my hand the Congressional Globe,
from which it appears that this was offered as an
amendment to the deficiency bill, snd entertained
by the then Chairman of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. It was passed
by this House, and stricken out of the bill m the
Senate solely upon the ground that it did not belong
to the deficiency bill, but to the civil and diplo-
matic bill. I say, after an examination of the sub-
ject, that the law provides for the payment of this
sum to this man, and the only reason upon the
face of the earth why it has not been paid, is, that
there is no appropriation provided for that pur-
pose. In that respect it stands precisely upon the
; same footing with the other amendment.
| Mr. LETCHER. If this money is actually due
I to this man, and Congress ought to pay it, why
I does not the chairman of the Committee on For-
1 eign Affairs introduce a bill here, accompanied by
i a report, showing the fact, and let that bill be
1 considered upon its merits?
j The CHAIRMAN. Does the Chair under-
i stand the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher]
I as rai8mg a point of ord.er upon fie amohdmeftt ?
