1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1485
2. For the purchase of paper for the completion of the
printing of the first session of the Thirty-Third Congress,
$43,000;
3. For deficiency in the estimates heretofore submitted
for the printing of the second session of the Thirty-Third
Congress, §10,000 ;
4. For two additional clerks in the office of the Superin-
tendent of the Public Printing, authorized by the joint res-
olution appioved February 6, 3854, at $1,500 each, .^3,000 ;
5. For lent of wareroom for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1855, ,<$2;)0;
6. For cartage and labor, in storing and transportation of
paper fioin wareroom and office of Superintendent to the
offices of the public printers, §550.
Here is a letter from the Superintendent of Print-
ing, which will explain the necessity of the appro-
priations, which I ask the Clerk to read.
The letter was read, as follows:
"Items 1 and 2.—These two items are rendered neees-
sary by the largely increased orders of both Houses of Con-
gress for additional numbers of the usual annual documents,
as well a* their increased size ; by the reprinting of large
editions of document- which had been printed at the preced-
ing session ; by the order for a large edition (one hundred
and fifty thousand copies,) of a Compendium of the Seventh
Census; and also by the clause in the deficiency bill, just
passed, amending the printing act ot 1852, by which the com-
position ot all documents hereafter ordered by both Houses of
Congress lo be paid for twice instead of but ot ice, as here-
tofore. This office was aware, duunc the prepaiation of
the deficiency bill, that a considerable deficiency would
occur in the appropriations for the punting and paper for
the pitisent ses-mn of Congress ; but, at that early period
of the session, it was impossible to make an approximate
estimate of the extent of the oiders for printing.
" Item 3.—An addition of $10,000 to the estimates here-
tofore submitted for the printing of the two Houses ot Con-
gress ($5,000 to each) is made necessary by the amend-
ment to the printing act of 185-2 above rctcrred to."
Mr. HOUSTON. The last two items, for the
rent of room, $250, and for cartage and labor, $550,
were contested here, and rejected when the defi-
ciency bill was under consideration. They were
ultimately agreed to, on the giound that the Com-
mittee on the Public Printing of the two Houses
had authorized the Superintendent to provide for
these objects. The argument used there does not
apply here. This is an appropriation for another
year. There is no necessity for these two items,
in my opinion. That is the opinion of the commit-
tee, who have given them thorough examination.
Contracts with the paper manufacturers have been
heretofore, and ought to be hereafter, that they
should deliver paper in such quantities and at such
places as the Superintendent designated. That I
may vote for the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman, I move to strike out the last two items.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move an
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is in order.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend what is
proposed to be stricken out. I wish to add one
dollar to the appropriation. Cannot I do that?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
would be an amendment in the third degree.
Mr. STANTON. My amendment has prece-
dence. I have the right to amend any portion
proposed to be stricken out before the question is
taken on striking out.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will pro-
Mr. STANTON. I desire to reply to the gen-
tleman in reference to the necessity for these two
items. The same necessity exists now which
existed at the time the Joint Committee on the
Public Punting gave its assent to the Superintend-
ent. It grows out of the fact that an immense
amount of labor is thrown on the hands of the
Superintendent. It is true that the contractors
are required to deliver the paper wherever he
directs. In the absence of a warehouse, he would
direct that it be sent to the printers. The printers
say that they have not room for it. It is not a
part of their duty, they allege, to take care of this
property, and to insure its safety. All they want
is a sufficient quantity to do the various jobs that
are sent to them.
Mr. PRATT. Will the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Stanton] allow metoaskhirn aques-
tion. Is not the surplus paper stored within this
building, and is there not room for ten times as
much as is ever on hand at any one time?
Mr. STANTON. A very small portion of the
paper intended for printing is stored in the room
occupied by the Superintendent of the Public
Printing. But the gentleman asks if the surplus
paper is not stored within this building.
Mr. PRATT. It is stored in this building,
aad is seen aa we are passing through it.
Mr. STANTON. Where?
Mr. PRATT. Just below the rotunda.
Mr. STANTON. Does not the gentleman
know that the paper to which he refers is that
used for packingand folding ? There is not room !
enough in this building for storing the paper used
for printing. I withdiaw the amendment I of-
fered.
Mr. PRATT. I object to the withdrawal of
the amendment. I consider this proposition to be
on a par with a good many others that are made
here, the object of which is to procure appropria-
tions of money by the General Government for the
benefit of private individuals. 1 mean to attribute
no improper motives to the Committee on Print-
ing, or to any gentleman upon this floor. But I
do know that there are individuals prowling about
this Capitol who manage to sponge money from
the General Government, and they do it in a man-
ner which I cannot approve. I do not believe
that it was proper to make the appropriation we
did for last year for storing and carting paper,
and all that kind of thing. 1 do not believe, he-
cause we concluded to pay the expenses of last
year incurred in this way, that it is any reason
why we should do it another year. I am opposed,
in fact, to the whole proposition.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanton's
amendment; and it was rejected.
The question then recurring upon Mr. Hous-
ton's amendment, it was taken; and the amend-
ment was rejected.
The question was then taken on Mr. Murray's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. DISNEY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to offer the following
amendment:
For compensation to draughtsmen and clerks employed
on the maps oi the public lands, under the resolution ot 4th
May, J 818, $7,500.
It is hardly necessary for me to state to the
committee that the amendment is to provide com-
pensation to the clerks and draughtsmen employed
on the maps of the public lands, in pursuance of
the order of the House.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I offer the follow-
ing amendment;
For the completion of the bridge at the Little Falls, in the
Distnct of Columbia, $75,000 : Provided, Thar no part of
this* appiopri.moii shall be expended except m fulfillment of
a contiaet which the Seciotaiy of the Interior is hereby
rcqtuied to make, if in his power to do so, for the comple-
tion ot said bruise lor the amount hereby appiopriated ;
and it >hall be, and H heiebv "declared to be, the duty of
said Secretary torequue the contractor or contractors to
give bond with ample security lor the fulfillment of hi&con-
u act.
Mr. SMITH. The subject has been so much
before the committee that it is hardly necessary
for rne to speak upon it. This Government has
exclusive jurisdiction over the District of Colum-
bia, and it is bound to promote its interests. I
would state, however, that originally the bridge
at the Little Falls was owned by a joint stock
company, and that their interest in it was pur-
chased up by the Government. The improve-
ment for which this appropriation is proposed, is
necessary to the commerce and trade of the sur-
rounding country. A large sum has been already
expended on the bridge; and I suppose Congress
will not allow what has been erected to go to
ruins.
This appropriation, according to the evidence
which I have here, will put it in a complete con-
dition ; and I hope, therefore, it will be the pleasure
of the committee to pass it.
Mr. TAYLOR. I move to increase the appro-
priation §100.
I make this motion simply with a view to state
that all of us here who have listened to the debate
i some time ago in relation to the bridge above
! Georgetown, and the manner in which it happened
1 to fall while being raised under the supervision of
the gentleman designated by the gentleman from
' Kentucky, on my right, [Mr. Stanton,] must
■ have a desire to see the people of this District ac-
' commodated with a bridge above Georgetown
i some way or other.
i I understand, from the remarks of the gentle-
j man from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] that this $75,000,
| if appropriated, would complete that bridge, under
J the direction of the Secretary of the Interior. And
| I also understand from htm, and from various
i other persons, that this crossing of the Potomac
is one of the main thoroughfares to this city, by
which the people from the surrounding country,
hundreds of miles round, bring their produce to
the market, in the cheapness and good supply of
which we are all interested.
Therefore, as a member of Congress, I feel my-
self called upon by the sixty thousand people m
this District who are without a vote, for a mem-
ber of Congress, without the privilege of voting
for a President, while we are their exclusive legis-
lators; I feel myself bound, I say, to take care of
their interests as far as I can.
I think it is a public duty we owe to them, and
I cheerfully vote for this appropriation, under the
assurance that a bridge can be built there, sub-
stantially and properly, under the supervision of
the Secretary of the Interior, or under his direc-
tion, which will greatly promote the interests of
this District and neighborhood, arid that of the
public men who are obliged to assemble here.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman from
Ohio proposes to increase the amount contained
m this amendment £100. Well, sir, 1 am opposed
to that. I object to increasing it, because it is
wholly unnecessary. Of course, I am very much
obliged to the gentleman for his support of the
particular views which the amendment involves;
but, inasmuch as ^75,000 will accomplish all the
objects I have in view, I think an increase is un-
necessary.
Mr. TAYLOR. Then I will withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. SMITH. Oh, no, no ! I beg the gentle-
man's pardon. That is the foundation of my
speech. [Laughter.] I want to make some re-
marks in opposition.
1 beg this committee to understand that the
amendment which I have offered does not bind the
Secretary of the Interior to go on with the plan
heretofoie adopted. I drew it up dnectly with a
view to avoid that consequence, because there are
gentlemen upon this floor who are opposed to iron
bridges. j3elieving that,and keeping m view, also,
our recent experience with another iron bridge, I
leave it entirely to the judgment and intelligence
of the Secretary of the Interior to make such a
contract as he may see fit.
I say to this committee that, with the stone piers
which are already up, $75,000 will give us a noble
structure, one that will be a credit to the District,
and fully and completely satisfactory to the wants
of the District.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. Where is the
bridge ?
Mr. SMITH. It is across the Potomac at the
Little Falls, some ten or a dozen miles from here.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Four miles.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. If the gentle-
man will allow me to interrupt him a moment, I
will merely state, in order that thegentleman may
indicate the fact to the House, that at this point
there has been a bridge, which was carried away
by the flood.
Mr. SMITH. I have already stated to the
committee that forty years ago there was a private
toll bridge there. I stated, also, that Congress
bought out the proprietors, upon the ground that
it was their duty to provide a bridge for the use
of the people of the District and the neighborhood.
I stated that there was a chain bridge there which
was swept away by the flood.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Will the $75,000
fully complete this bridge?
Mr. SMITH. Certainly; entirely complete it.
Mr TAYLOR. Let us vote U, then.
Mr. SMITH. I hope and trust the House will
^ Mr. FLORENCE. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will say that 1 am acquainted with a
party of gentlemen who have a very excellent
plan of a bridge which can be put up for $75,000.
Mr. PECKHAM. Philadelphia^ ?
Mr. FLORENCE. No, but Washingtonians.
Mr. BARRY. I understand the gentleman
from Virginia to say that this bridge can be com-
pleted for $75,000. I suggest to him, while I do
not intend to vote for the proposition, that he
had better incorporate in the amendment a pro-
vision that the work shall not be undertaken un-
less a contract shall be entered into that it shall
be constructed for that sum.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. All that is expressly
set forth in the,amendment.
Mr. CUMMING. I shall vote for the appro-
