776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
A Senator. Exactly.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 tell you farther, that the
difficulty about this Bureau has been that they
have piled up regulations to an enormous height,
so that no lawyer or layman, if you may use the
word, can comprehend them; and as for the poor
soldier comprehending them, the thing is impossi-
ble. If he gets anything he has to go to an agent
■who makes it his- profession. That agent must
fet up the affidavit, and then he gets the pension,
have gotten many of these pensions,and that is
the reason I understand this; for 1 have to be a
general agent for the poor pensioners who have
nothing in the world to depend upon, and I never
charge them anything. Go down to my room,
and you will find them there every day,and I am
more, oftentimes, at that business than at anything
else. I take a pride in doing it. I feel it to be
my duty. I see how they are treated, and cheated,
and abused; and I go to the Bureau and preach,
and pray, and try to get something out of them;
and 1 find, as I stated before, that a poor fellow,
who is now blind, and who was discharged be-
cause he was blind, cannot get a pension, because
two surgeons can not certify when he became blind,
for he was five years getting blind; or whether he
got blind in the line of his duty, though he was
five years getting blind, and was ten years in the
Army. 1 mention this to show you how these
things are conducted. [ understand them, I think.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him one question on this subject, and in con-
nection with this point ?
Mr. SHIELDS. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER. It depends very much upon
ihe character of the disability. Was it disease or
■were they wounds?
Mr. SHIELDS. To what does the Senator
allude?
Mr. BUTLER. The disability of the invalid
you mention. Does it arise from a temporary
disease or a permanent disability?
Mr. SHIELDS. It was blindness, arising
from what they call disease, of course.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 want to know what has
been the rule on the subject. Have pensions been
refused to those who have come from the Mexi-
can war with wasting diseases of which many
died, and, poor fellows, many of them without
help ? Do those who come home with such wast-
ing diseases not receive a pension?
Mr. SHIELDS. They get pensions for those
diseases.
Mr. BUTLER. And if they continue, I think
they ought to get them. But I can only say, in
connection with that matter, that I never heard of
an application being rejected.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have no doubt the honora-
ble Senator states the truth; but I will give a rea-
son for that. The gallant regiment which left the
honorable Senator's State eleven hundred strong,
came back with only two hundred and fifty alive.
Mr. BUTLER. Yes.
Mr. SHIELDS. And those who returned of
course could stand anything either in battle or
anywhere else.
Mr. BUTLER. Why, the colonel was very
nearly dead for two years.
Mr. SHIELDS. But I am only now pointing
out the defects of this amendment. The surgeons
are required to make an affidavit, the same affida-
vit that they would make if they had been on the
battle-field—a thing which it is impossible for
them to do—or the poor fellow cannot get a pen-
sion.
But I now go on to the next pointon which my
honorable friend from Maryland has touched. 1
certainly would not take any more interest in this
matter than any other Senator, if I did not feel
convinced that it will operate, not as the Senators
intend, but as a hardship upon the pensioners.
Perhaps I used hard expressions yesterday. I
spoke about the " economy " of this thing. Sir,
1 think it is this: It is economizing by taking
away that little paltry pittance which is now al-
lowed to the poor, broken-down soldiers, which
only amounts to eight dollars a month at best. It
does not touch the large pensioners at all. Not
one of them—generals or colonels—will be stricken
off the list, but it will only be the poor, miserable
soldiers who get eight dollars a month. Now,
sir, I tell you it will take their whole pay for two
years to pay the expenses of the proceeding
which you prescribe shall be performed. Some-
times the agents ask $100 for getting a man a pen-
sion. And now you are going to declare that he |
shall go through this complicated proceeding of |
getting two surgeons to make such certificates,
and make them on oath. They must swear as to
his present condition, that he is still disabled,
how much he is disabled, where the disability
arose, how it arose, and the date of such disa-
bility.
Mr. BAYARD. I suggest to the Senator that
he does not give the proper construction to the
clause " the date of such disability at the time of
making such affidavit." I should think that that
applied, not to the tir%e when the disability com-
menced, but to the date of the examination when
it was ascertained that the disability continued
to exist.
Mr. STUART. No doubt of it.
Mr. BAYARD. And then the amendment does
not say that the surgeons shall certify how the
disability arose.
Mr. SHIELDS. Itislike therest oftheamend-
ment, all liable to mistake. It further says:
"And every two years after.the date of such affidavit, her
shall, befoie receiving any further payment, produce to said
agent a similar affidavit, and jf in said affidavit the disability
shall be stated at a rate below that for which the pension
was onginaily granted, he shall be paid at the rate stated in
said affidavit."
That is, if he receives eight dollars a month now,
and it is certified that his disability ia not a total
one, the amount will bereduced and cut down to six,
or five, or four dollars. That is the kind of economy
I spoke of. It is economizing upon small matters,
and economizing off poor creatures who cannot
afford it. But 1 will go to another provision:
" That when the pension shall have been originally grant-
ed by a special act of Congress.1'
I want the honorable Senator's attention to this,
for it seems that a good many mistakes are made
here. Here is an exception. If the pension is
granted by a special act of Congress, of course
the examination fails, and I agree that it ought to
do so, but we should make the rule equal. Those
who receive such a pension ought to be examined
by this body every two years, if you would carry
out the rule and make it general. I believe there
are as many fraudulent pensions granted by Con-
gress as by the Bureau. But, under the amend-
ment, you cannot touch them. It leaves them out.
" Or for a total disability for the loss of a limb."
That is right enough. If a m«n looses a limb
there is no chance that the limb will grow on again.
It will be of no use to examine on that point, j
That would be all light if it stopped there; but it
says, " for total disability for the loss of a limb, or
other cause;5' that is, for any other cause!
I should like to know if any other cause does
not cover every case; and whether this part of the 1
amendment in reality does not destroy the first i
part? First, it is said the surgeons are to exam-
ine pensioners, and ascertain whether their case
is one of total disability; then comes in the pro-
viso, which says they tire not to examine those
who have lost a limb, or who are totally disabled
from any other cause. Can the honorable Sena-
tor from Virginia make sense of that? Can he
show how the exception and the rule agree?
I do not know that I am understood, but it seems
a strange amendment. It provides, first, for ex-
amining all the invalid pensioners in the United
States, to ascertain whether the total disability
.continues or not; and then it goes on and excepts
out of that provision men who have lost a limb, or
who have been totally disabled from any other
cause. The Senator shakes his head; but that is
the language of the amendment. I do not know
what construction may be put upon it, for it will
be likely to receive a great many constructions.
" The loss of a limb or other cause which can-
not be removed, either in whole or in part." Who
is to judge whether the cause cannot be removed ?
They are not to be examined when the cause is
such that it cannot be removed, either in whole or
in part. They are not, in such cases, to go to
the surgeons at all. How is the pensioner to
know whether he is included in that? Who is to
tell him? How is he to tell whether the disabil-
ity can be removed or not? We know that the
loss of a limb, or anything of that kind, cannot
be removed; but it includes other disabilities from
other causes. There is one disease which was
very common in those who came through the
campaign in Mexico. It comes on one month,
when the man will be lying in his bed, hardly able
to rise, and then the next month he may be going
about, as strong as any of us. The surgeon
comes to that man and finds him at the time fhe
disease has left him, for it is an occasional dis-
ease, and he certifies that he is not disabled, and
of course that the pension should cease. The
next day he is down with the disease again. How
are we to provide for that case?
My honorable friend from Maryland says the
latter part of the amendment is a very fine thing,
and that it is very right that a man who has a
pension ought not, while in the receipt of the pen-
sion, to hold an office of any importance. I put
a case to that Senator: A man has lost his arm—
I know of such a case, and I give it as an exam-
ple—he has got a little office. I do not say it is
worth $1,200 a year. He can perform the duties
of that office quite as well as if he had two arms.
He has a little pension of $150 a year. How is
he put on a footing of equality with others, when
you take away that pension ? He has to pay a
servant. He has to pay to be helped at his meals
and to bed. What does he get the pension for?
To make up for the loss of his arm, which he has
incurred in the cause of his country. He has
suffered the loss of his arm, and he receives the
pension of §150 a year for that. That amount is
not sufficient for his support; and yet you are
asked to take that away from him, because he is
able to hold a'little, paltry office. He has to de-
pend upon another to help him in all thenecessary
duties of life, and that is what the pension is given
him for. Will you take it from him ?
I take it that such a thing has never been at-
tempted before: It is wrong. If you confer these
pensions upon persons for performing services for
the country, and for the injuries which they have
received in performing these services, in God's
name let them keepthepension. If others have got
their pensions fraudulently, deprive them of them,
but do not cut off the poor, old pensioners of the
country. Do not compel them every two years
to gather up before surgeons, to get certificates
and affidavits from them as to their disability; do
not compel them to go through all the formality
they had originally to adopt to get the pension.
Sir, I repeat what I started with, and I repeat
it from a knowledge of this system: that when
you bring up these poor, old pensioners, and
make them get these certificates, you will see that
the honest men on the roll will be cut off and the
rogues will get through. That is what we always
find." When you make complicated regulations
of any kind, all that these fellows have to do is to
swear up to the regulations and they get through,
and you only cut off the poor, simple, ignorant
old soldier who does not understand the regula-
tions, who fought for his country, who was in-
jured in the service, and who finds himself, under
"the regulations, deprived of his pension, and he
cannot tell how, for he never will find out the way
in which it has been done.
Mr. STUART. I did not intend to enter into
this question; but it seems to me that it has been,
by the Senator from Illinois, somewhat unfairly
presented to the Senate. I think his criticism
upon the amendment is rather too finely drawn,
and he has attacked some of the very best provis-
ions which are contained in it. I suppose that
the object of the amendment is twofold. The
first is to ascertain periodically who are entitled,
under the principles adopted by this Government,
to receive pensions. The second is, as far as you
can by this incidental process, to prevent frauds
j upon the Government. It will not be denied by
j anybody that when the cause for which a pension
| was granted has ceased the pension itself should
cease. However much there may be of feeling,
there is very little logic in an argument which
does not admit this conclusion.
Now, for the purpose of ascertaining whether
or not the disability continues, the Pension Bureau,
with the sanction of the Department of the Interior,
has submitted this general proposition: What
are the means proposed to be employed in order
to ascertain this? Why, sir, the provision which
the Senator from Illinois takes to be the severest
is clearly the best in the proposition. It is that
which confines the certificates of surgeons to such
men as shall meet the approval of the Secretary
of the Interior. There is no question about the
propriety of this, because it takes away from a
dishonest man the power to get his relative, or
somebody else who is interested, to make out for
