1486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
pri'ition for this bridge. Bat 1 desire to inquire
of the gentleman if be knows ^ hat has become of
the last iron bridge which was constructed there?
Mr. sV1 jth. it i* lying there now.
Mr. CUM .YUNG. I am going to vote for the
amendment. 1 only wished to know what had
become of that bridge.
Mr. SMITH. Oh, it is all there.
Mr. BARRY. I move pro forma to increase the
appropriation fifty dollars. I move it for the purpose
of giving me an opportunity of explaining to the
gentleman from New York, and to ihe committee,
the condition of that bridge, and the circumstances
connected with its fail, which were not explained,
or not understood, when the matter was before the
committee on a former occasion. The gentleman
who attempted to build this bridge did it on a spe-
cific private contract. He contracted with the
Government to build it at a specific price; and he
being the contractor, the Government had no more
control over the woik, except to see that the ma-
terial used in its construction was sound and prop-
er, than it has over the work of any other private
contractor. And when it was proposed to raise
the bridge, the contractor said he would do it upon
his own responsibility. He made the attempt,
and the bridge fell, but not in consequence of any
delect in the iron of which it was constructed,
but because of the breaking of some stiaps or of
some portion of the machinery used m raising it.
When it had been raised six inches, it fell and
broke all to pieces.
The breaking of the bridge, under these cir-
cumstances, was no indication that it was not con-
structed of the proper material. The same thing
happened in raising the bridge across the Menai
Su*aiis, in Great Britain, under the supervision of
Mr. Stephenson, the first civil engineer in the
world. Some part of the machinery broke, andit
fell one inch, destroying the whole bridge, because
a structure of that length cannot hear such a jar
without great injury, if not entire destruction.
But, «rr, this gentleman did receive money from
the Government as the wink progressed, as I be-
lieve is usual in such cases, and at the same time he
gave security to the Govei nment upon propei ty m
tins city. The security, I behtnv, amounts to
about $4,000. I understand the vvi ought iron and
othet mutei lals, the remains of the bridge, are
worth, pfihaps-, as much'as $<1,000 more; so th«t
there is reason to believ e that thei e is security to the
Government to tne amount of about $8,000 for
the §12.000 which had been paid by the Govei v-
ment. The contractor agieed, for the considera-
tion which he was to receive, to complete the
bridge; hut the money paid by the Government
will be a total loss, with (lie exception of the se-
curity given by the contractor—Mr Rider, I be-
lieve—and the fragmems of the budge—the
wrought iron, <&c., which remain.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If 1 understood the
gentleman Itom Mississippi, wlw> has just taken
Ins fu-ar, he hax gone into a calculation to nee how
much money the Government can make out of this
contractor—tins meritorious contractor in the city
of Washington.
Mr. BARKY. If the gentleman will allow me,
I will state my purpose m doing it. When tins
matter was btfore ihe committee some tune ago,
the objection was made that no one could tell how
much h<id been lo^t on the other bridge. No
member then could furnish the information; and
since that time 1 have taken the trouble to inquire
into the matter.
Mr. SMITH. "Well, sir, I hope the House
\vill give us a bridge.
Mr. BARRY, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amenduient.
Mr. iSKELTON. I move to reduce the appro-
priation to $3d.000.
Mr. Chairman,! make the motion for reduction
in good faith, and to test the sense of this com-
mittee on the important question involved in the
amendment as to the construction of bridges.
The bridge proposed to be constructed is of as
much interest and advantage to Virginia as to the
District of Columbia. I doubt the propriety of
m.-ikmg such appropriations even for the District
of Columbia. It is asserted that ive ought to
make these appropriations, because we are the
gutudiaus of this District. 1 think it is hardly
proper to make such appropriations for the State
of Virginia, if the amendment be adopted, I shall
move to require the State of Virginia, before the
money is expended, to make an equal appropria-
tion tor the same purpose. The bridge extends
; from the District to toe Virgiroa side. That State
being as much interested and advantaged, should
pay half the expense.
Mr. SMITH. Will the gentleman permit me
to ask htm a question?
Mr. SKELTON. The gentleman will have
chance for reply, i object to these appropriations
for another reason We annually expend millions
of dollars for this District. I should not be inclined
to find fault with them, were it,not that they so
impoverish the Treasury that it cannot affoid
$10,000 to save four hundred human lives on the
coast of the State of New Jersey. They exhaust
theTreasury, and prevent the provision of $10,000
to save those shipwrecked on our coast. In the
latter appropriation the whole country is deeply
interested. For this, and various other reasons,
which I shall not now detain the committee by
repeating, I have moved to reduce the appropri-
ation.
Mr. PECKHAM. It seems to me that this is
a grave and good point on which to rise. I make
the motion.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes (16, noes 39.
The committeea< cordmgly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr. orr)
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
half past three o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned
until to-moriow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 23, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. hf.nry slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
e x e c uti ve comm un1cation.
The PRESJDEN f pro tempore, by unanimous
consent, this being private bill day, presented a
report from the Secretary of the Treasury, in an-
swer to the Senate's resolution of the 13th instant,
communicating copies of the quarterly and other
accounts of the expendmn e* of the Mint; which,
On motion by Mr. FISH, was ordered to he on
the table, and be printed.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. ALLEN. I wish to ask the consent of the
Senate to allow tne to withdraw from the files of
the Senate the papers of John O'Leary, a pen-
sioner. Among those papers is a certificate on
which he draws his pension. Without it, he can-
not receive the money. The papers are on the
files of the Senate, and he is, therefore, not able
to draw his pension. I move that he have leave
to withdraw the papers.
The motion was agreed to.
BRIO GENERAL ARMSTRONG.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill—reported
trom the Committee on Foreign Relations—for the
relief of the claimants of the private armed brig
General Armstrong. 1
By the bill the Secretary of State is authorized
and directed to examine and adjust the claims of
citizens of the United States growing out of the ;
destruction of the private armed bug General \
Armstrong, belonging to the port of New York,
destroyed by a Ornish force m the neutral port of
Fayal, in September, 1814, and to settle the same
upon principles of justice arid equity. ;
On the 26th and 27th of September, 1814, the 1
American private armed brig General Arm- I
strong, commanded by Captain Samuel C. Reid, i
while at anchor in the neutral port of Fayal, be- !
longing to the dominions of Portugal, was at- 1
tacked by the gun-boats of a large British squad-
ron, commanded by Captain Lloyd, in violation '
of the laws of neutrality. The squadron consist-
ed of his Bi(tannic Majesty's vessels, the ship-of- j
The-hne Plantagenet, of seventy-four guns, the |
frigate Rota, of forty-four guns, and the brig Car- 1
nation, of eighteen guns. The General Armstrong I
carried but seven guns and ninety men. After a
defense unparalleled in the history of naval war-
fare, the Americans sustained a loss of but two
killed and seven wounded, while the loss in killed
and wounded on the part of the enemy was be-
tween two and three hundred. The squadron
was detained ten days at Fayal in repairing dam-
ages. They were occupied three days in burying
their dead. The sloops-of-war, the Thais and
Calypso, which arrived a few days afterwards,
were taken into requisition to carry home the
wounded men. The latter sailed for England on
the 2d, and the former on the 4th of October.
1814.
On the representations afterwards made of the
facts of the case by the Portuguese Governor of
Fayal to his Government, the Prrnce Regent of
Poitugal, on the 22d December, 1814, instructed
his Minister at London to demand an apology
and indemnification from the English Government
for the outrage committed. England promptly
replied by an apology for the loss of Portuguese
property occasioned by the firing of the British
vessels, but refused to pay for the destruction of
the brig General Armstrong.
On the 14th of March, 1818, Mr. J. Q,. Adams,
Secretary of State, called the attention of the Por-
tuguese Minister at Washington to the claim, and
urged its payment by his Government. It seemed
to have been overlooked for a period of sixteen
years afterwards; and in 1834, Mr. McLane, Sec-
retary of State, informed Captain Reid that the
situation of Portugal was such as to render that
an unsuitable time for presenting any claim, how-
ever just, against that Government. On theSOth
of May, 1835, Mr. Dickins, acting Secretary, and
on the 14th of April, 1840, Mr. Forsyth, Secretary
; of State, instructed our charge at Lisbon to uige
1 the claim. CJnder President Tyler's administia-
j tion, Mr. Webster renewed the demand, and a
j reply in writing was received from the Portuguese
; Minister, Stnorde Castro, m which the liability
j of Portugal was tor the first time denied, and it
was boldly asserted that the Americana and not
i the British had violated the neutrality of the port
j of Fayal. Under the administration of General
Taylor, Mr. Clayton, Secretary of State, strongly
urged ihe claim; and in the final instructions to
, Mr. J. B. Clay, then charge at Lisbon, on the 8th
1 of March, 185U, a peremptory demand was made
on the Portuguese Government, and twenty days
allowed for a reply. The demand was backed by
i the presence of an American fleet m the river Ta-
| gus. In these instructions, Mr. Clayton said that
! a reference of the claim to arbitration would never
1 receive the sanction of the President. The Gov-
ernment of Portugal, instigated by that of Eng-
land, continued to resist payment; and on the
11th of July, 1850, Mr. Clay demanded his pass-
ports, and left the country. In the mean ttme,the
Portuguese Minister here urged an arbitration;
but it was peremptorily declined by our Govern-
ment.
During the administration of President Fill-
more, the claim was, without the knowledge of
the claimants, on the proposition of Portugal,
submitted to the arbrtiation of Louis Napoleon,
President of the Repubhcof France. The claim-
ants weie not allowed to submit an argument in
the case. Oo the 29th of November, 1852, (more
than a year after the case was submitted,) the arbi-
tral decision was rendered, and it was transmit-
ted to the two Governments interested, through
their Ministers in France, without our Minister,
Mr. Rives, having received any intimation of its
nature, and without his having been permitted to
make any statement in behalf "of the claimants to
the arbitiator. It is, in the opinion of the com-
mittee, a well-settled principle of law, that the
tolerance by a neutral Power of such a violation
of its teriitory, as took place in this case, ren-
ders it responsible to the Government, whose citi-
zens have suffered, not only for apology, but for
pecuniary indemnity. This Government having
submitted the case to arbitration against the re-
monstrance of the claimants, is responsible to
them, for they had aright to expect from the pre-
vious conduct of our Government, that it had no
doubt of the justice of the claim, and would press
it until paid.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; and the President put the question,
"Shall the bill be engrossed, and read a third
timer'* and the noes appeared to have it.
