1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1487
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President, I had sup-
posed thai the mere reading of the report in this
case would be sufficient to command for the bill
almost the unanimous sanction of the Senate. I
must think that perhaps it has not been listened
to or read by a large portion of Senators who are
present, because 1 think, if the facts of the case
were understood, and the principles involved in it
were examined, it could not fail to commend itself
to the favorable consideration of a large majority
of the Senate.
It is unnecessary for me to recapitulate the
farts which are stated in the report of the com- ij
nmtee, but I will trespass on tne indulgence of!:
the Seriate for a few moments, to make a very !•
brief statement of them, and to state what I con-
sider ought to have some influence on the deliber- ||
ations of the Senate m connection with this case. |i
It was very fully investigated by the Committee 1
on Foreign Relations, and I am authorized to |
state thai the report and the bill which accot^ia-
tiies it, meet the unanimous sanction of that com- t
mntee. It was under their consideration at more
than one session, and although some of the mem-
bers of the committee approached the case with
great doubts as regards the correctness of the
principles on which the liability of the Govern-
ment was sustained, these doubts yielded to a
more mature examination of the question.
Sir, I am very far from contending that it is
under ordinary circumstances the duty of a Gov-
ernment to enforce even all the just claims of its
citizens hy war, or that, in the event of its declining
to have recourse to belligerent measures for the
purpose of enforcing those just caims, a respons-
ibility is thrown on the Government, and it is
bound to pay the citizen that winch it failed to
exact from the foreign nation. In the report
which I have had the honor to make on this sub-
ject, I have rested the rights of the claimants upon
the peculiar circumstances of thd case. I will
state them very briefly.
During the war of 1812-'15, the brig General
Armstrong was lying in the neutral portof Fayal,
and entitled to the protection of that neutral port.
She was there attacked by several British cruis-
ers, and after a most gallant defense, was de-
stroyed. I think it was one of the most brilliant
achievements of that war. Certainly, the annals
of naval history cannot show anything more he-
roic. The Government of Portugal, at that time,
lecognized the fact that there had been a gross
violation of the rights of neutrality, on the part of
the But.sh Government, and it remonstrated in
earnest terms against that violation. Application
was made by our Government for redress.
It is useless to recapitulate the various negoti-
ations and correspondence which have been had
on the subject. Suffice it to say, that at one time,
I believe under the administration of General
Taylor—but the Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Clayton*] can state under what Administration—
a peremptory demand was made for satisfaction.
Mr, CLAYTON". It was under the adminis-
tration of General Taylor, and 1 think there was
something similar before.
Mr SLfDELL. A squadron was then sent to
the Tagus, for the purpose of enforcing this claim.
In the mean time, in consequence of the death of
General Taylor, the Fillmore administration came
into power. The belligerent ground was there-
upon abandoned, and recourse was then had to
negotiation. A proposition which had previously
been made by Portugal, and rejected, for the sub-
mission of the claim to the arbitration of a third
Power, was accepted, i am authorized to state,
and I can state it without fear of contradiction,
that this acceptance of arbitration was made with-
out the knowledge or consent of the claimants.
The arbitrator chosen was Louis Napoleon, who,
at that time, was President of the French Repub-
lic. The case was pending some time before him,
and at the period of his decision he had made him-
self Emperor. The parties immediately interested
in the case had not only complained that the refer-
ence Ui a thud Power was made without their
knowledge and assent, but that they had no oppor-
tunity of advocating- their rights, or pleading their
cause before the arbitrator.
He evidently made a gross mistake in point of
fact in the decision of the cause. His decision is
based upon the presumption that, in the conflict
which resulted in the destruction of the General
Armstrong, the crew of that privateer were the
aggiessors; and this idea rests upon the presump-
tion of the collateral fact that the crews of the
boats who approached the General Armstrong in
the night, were not armed. The fact of their
being armed is abundantly demoristiated by the
circumstance of the first lieutenant and two or
three of the officers and crew of the General Arm-
strong having been killed or wounded in the
melee.
1 think, and the committee thought, that great
injustice was done to the claimants in this case m
the first instance, in submitting their claims to the
arbitration of a third Power without their knowl-
edge gr assent, and next a still grosser injustice
was committed in depriving them of the means of
advocating their case properly before that tribunal.
It appears from the statement of the claimants,
that they never were consulted or advised in re-
garo to the prosecution of their claim before the
arbiter. If that opportunity had been afforded to
the parties, if Mr. Reid had been authorized to
make a resume of the testimony m the case, and
to urge its application on the Ministers to whom
the Prince President deputed the examination of
the facts—for I presume he did not attend to it
personally—I think no such great error would
have been committed as was committed by Louis
Napoleon in the decision. The error to which I
allude, is the statement on which he bases his
decision, as follows:
" Considering that if it be clear that on the nieht of the
27th of September, some English long bnat-s, commanded
hy Lieutenant Kobf-it Faucet, o( (he Brin-h Navy, ap
pioached the American bni; the General Amiftrontr, it is
not certain that the men who manned the hi 'cits aforesaid
were provided with arms- and .umnmntion. That it is evi-
dent in tact, from the documents which have been exhib-
ited, that the aioresatd Ion" boat-; having appioaehed the,
Amoncan brig, the crew of the lattei, altei luving hailed
I them and <ummoiied them to be off, immediai cly fji ed
upon thein, and that «ome men were killed on board of
the English boats-, and others wounded—some of whom
1 mortally—without «-inv attempt having been made on the
pai t of the other boat?. to repel at once force by t<  ce "
This is a most extraordinary presumption. In
the first place, if it were not. refuted by the facts
in the case, which are proved beyond all contra-
1 diction, the presumption that boats in time of
i war, at night, would approach an armed vessel
1 of an enemy for the purpose ofreco?i)ioissa?ice, with-
out being armed themselves, is one that no rea-
sonable man could entertain. But we have some-
thing more than a counter presumption in this
case. We have the fact that these boats ap-
proached so closely as to invite the fire of the
General Armstrong. The first lieutenant, as I
said before, and some three or four of the crew of
the General Armstrong, were wounded by a fire,
corning fiom what quarter? It couid come from
no other quarter than those boais; consequently
the crew of the boats must have been armed; and,
therefore, the whole ground on which the decision
of Lotus Napoleon was based, is falsified by the
testimony in the case—uncontradicted testimony,
in reguid to the facts, admitted on all sides by
the Portuguese Government, in its dealings with
this Government, ever since the inception of the
affair.
I will state further, that every Administration
of our Government, on all occasions, under all
circumstances, from the time of Mr. Madison
down to that of General Taylor and Mr. Fillmore,
until the case was finally decided by arbitration,
asserted, in the most unqualified teims, that we
had an absolute right to call on Portugal for in-
demnity.
i Now, I come to the question in this case which
I in fact is the only legal question involved. 1 pay
! this, admitting that the Government may, if it
1 please, not assert the right of its citizens by arms,
' after all attempts at peaceable negotiation have
failed—I say that, although the Government may
not be under obligation to have recourse to that
, sovereign remedy in vindication of the rights of its
' citizens", yet it has no right to submit them to the
arbitrament of another power unless with the con-
sent of the parties.
; They have another remedy, and a very simple
! one, and that in a remedy which the administra-
tion of Mr. Fillmoie ought to h^ve applied in
this case—time. They should have waited until
a more auspicious opportunity occurred to have
urged this claim upon the favorable consideration
, of the Portuguese Government. They thought
1 proper to pursue another course; and I say the
• effect of the pursuance of such a course, without
having at first obtained the consent of the claim-
ants in the case, or wnhout subsequently having
received their assent and permission to the action
of the Government, put the Government of the
Uniied States in the po.-ition of Portugal towards
the claimants, and made it liable fur all the damages
they sustained.
i submit to the Senate that it is very clear
that if Captain Reid and his crew had not de-
fended the General Armstrong, but had suffered
themselves to be captured by the British cruisers
in the port of Fayal, no doubt would have been
entertained of thenecessity of the PortugueseGov-
ernment making a remuneration for their losses.
Shall they, then, be in a worse position because
they defended themselves? That is the sole ground
upon which the case rests. The arbiter says,
and says, as I think I have shown, without any
warrant for such an assertion, that the commander
and crew of the General Armstrong were the ag-
gressors in the case, tie bases that upon the other
assertion, that the boats of the reconnoitenng
filiates were unarmed. 1 think that that is proved
very conclusively not to have been so;and after all,
there is but one question m this case. It is a ques-
tion which, perhaps, may have some light thrown
upon it by diawmg an analogy from law.
A Government has the right to enforce, in the
ordinary way, the rights of its citizens, and may
not then be liable for the non-user or mis-user of
its rights; but it has always been understood that
a principal, unless he havesome express authority,
has no right to transact for his client. I consider
that the Government of a nation occupies an anal-
ogous position. It may have tecourse to all ordi-
nary usages and remedies to enforce the claim of
its citizens; but the moment it travels out of the
beaten track, the moment it attempts to compro-
mise, and transact, and refer to arbitration, then,
I say, failing in that arbitration, it makes itself
liable to its client—the citizens, in this case—for
any damages which they may have sustained,
and which the Government, Hy its act of submit-
ting to aibitration, made itself liable for. These
people have no claim now on the Government of
Portugal They have lost their claim on that
Government, I think, by the Inches and forts of their
own. They come now to this Government to get
relief. I trust it will he granted.
The honorable Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Clayton-] is much more familiar with the facts of
this case than 1 am. fie had it under his control
while in the Department of State, and f hope that
he will give to the Senate the advantage of his
information on the subject.
Mr. CLAYTON. I hold in my hand, sir, the
report of the Committee on Foreign Relations of
the House of Representatives, mode at this ses-
sion on this claim. )tappears thai the committees
of both Houses agree that the claim should be
paid. The report of the committee in the House
is unanimous. I will not read it. The mam
points which are enforced in it have been well
piesented by the honotable Senator from Louisi-
ana, and are there well enfoiced by some author-
ities.
I rise, sir, for the purpose of stating very briefly
the grounds on which, as I think, the Govern-
ment should pay the claim of these claimants for
the loss of this vessel at Fayal, in September,
1814. There was nothing in the annals of the
last war with Great Britain, there has been nothing
in the annals of the naval watfare of the United
Spates, there has been nothing in the annals of the
naval warfare of any other nation, that has ever
exceeded the gallantry and bravery of the men in
chaise of the brig General Armstrong at the time
she was attacked.
The privateer, mounting only seven guns, with
a crew of ninety men, went into the harbor of
Fayal, about the 20th of September, 1814, for the
purpose of obtaining water. While lying under
the guns of the Portuguese battery, a pan of the
British expedition which was intended forthecap-
ture of New Oilearis, appeared off the p« r>, con-
sisting of the Plantagenet of seventy-four guns,
the frigate Rotj of forty-four guns, and the bng
Carnation of eighteen iiuns. They were to ren-
dezvous at Jamaica, with the other ,.ortion of th«
expedition. They were detained ten days, at
least, as appears fiom the testimony, in conse-
quence of the attack which they made on this brig;
and they, by reason of that very attack, failed to
reach New Orleans until a very considerable time
