1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
77?
him a certificate which is not true, thereby defraud-
ing and cheating the Government. It will be seen,
by a sing'le review of this statement, that it is one
of the safest propositions in the amendment, for
the Government, and for the bona fide pensioner,
for I deny that it is an object for the honest pen-
sioner of the country to have the law in such a
condition that frauds can be perpetrated under it.
The modus operandi has been-inquired into, and
it has been asked how will this be done? The
Secretary of the Interior undoubtedly will instruct
the pension agents, who make these payments, to
report to him the names of surgeons residing in
the proper localities, who are men qualified in all
respects to make this certificate. There will be no
inconvenience growing out of it. The pensioner
will not have to travel any further, perhaps, in
order to procure the certificate than he has to go in
his ordinary business every week. But there will
be a certainty about it. You will have men of
known character, and of acknowledged qualifica-
tions, to make the certificate. To what will they
certify? They are to certify simply that the disa-
bility for which the pension was claimed, and upon
which it was originally granted, still continues a
disability. If it does not, then the very ground
on which the pension was granted in the first place
has ceased to exist, and the pension ought to cease
also.
Now, Mr. President,I wish to say a few words
on this point incidentally. The Senators who
have argued the question against the adoption of
this amendment have all of them yielded to the
suggestion that greatfrauds are perpetrated. They
acknowledge the necessity of adopting some means
to prevent them in future. Let us inquire how
this is to be done? If we cannot adopt the sug-
gestions which emanate from the Department
having the subject in charge, how shall we ever
get at any remedy? Are we to say that this is
a measure which will amount to nothing, and
which we will vote against, while at the same
time we will not suggest anything as a substitute
for it? Shall we undertake to say that we under-
stand this matter better than the Secretary of the
Interior, that we will put no plan in operation for
preventing these frauds, but that we will simply
sit here and vote down every suggestion that comes
from the Department? I have not been able to
satisfy myself that that course would be very
wise. I prefer, so far as I can do so properly, to
aid the several Departments of this Government
in such measures as they see fit to suggest for the
prevention of the vast frauds whieh are being
committed upon the Treasury of the country.
Sir, it is almost becoming a trade to plunder
the Government. It is known that organizations
;ot up, many of them emanating from this
city, which are as complete as the organization of
the-Navy, or of the Army, ramifying all through
the country, for the purpose of plundering the
public Treasury. Knowing these things, I avow
my willingness, at any and all times, when any
one of the Departments of this Government shall
suggest a remedy, to try it, and see what it will
do! And I cannot but think that the remedy
suggested in this case will turn out to be a very
effective one. . . . .
If it had no other effect than that which is inci-
dent to the mutations of office, the change of the
justices and others who are to take the affidavits, I
who go out of office every three or four years, fur- j
nishes one means of detection; because, although )
you might find a dishonest man who would con- i
nive at the taking of a wrong affidavit to-day, he |
might be out of office next year, and an honest.
man be put in his place. j
I am not desirous of detaining the Senate upon
this question. 1 rose only to answer briefly some I
of the suggestions which have been made on the
other side. Before I take my seat, however, I i
wish to say, that I do not like the last clause of ,
this amendment, and I shall vote at the proper |
time for a proposition to strike it out; though, I
confess, it would be very much improved by the ;
adoption of the amendments suggeste y t e i.
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] and the j
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hami.in.] My reason
is this: the cases which would occur under it, in
any event, are very few indeed, where a man re-
ceiving a pension would hold a salaried office,
within the meaning of the amendment. Generally,
I am willing to say,thatif a man who has served
his country has been so fortunate as to get an I
office anywhere he should have it, and have his
pension too, so long as his disability lasts. 1
prefer, therefore, that that portion of the amend-
ment should be stricken out; but in respect to the
residue of the amendment, without detaining the
Senate further than I have already done, to point
out how it may occur, I think I can say that
there are in it elements which will save the
Treasury a very large amount of money; and,
what is of equal importance, it will save something
in regard to the morals of this country. The loss
of the money is much the smaller question In
.my judgment, if it prevents frauds and perjury it
will do much more to benefit the lasting stability
of this country.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I am anxious
to get on with the bill, and I shall only say what
I believe it is necessary to say for the purpose of
explaining this amendment. I confess the oppo-
sition to it has somewhat surprised me, for it
seemed to me to be so obviously a remedy sug-
gested by the Department to prevent frauds, which
I am sure every Senator would desire to prevent,
that I had supposed no one would oppose it. I
thought some might suggest amendments, and I
have heard amendments suggested which I believe
to be proper, and which I am willing to accede to;
but I imagined that I should have the assistance
of the whole Senate in maturing the amendment
in some shape which would be acceptable to them,
and would answer the purpose designed.
Of the fact of the existence of greatfrauds there
can be no sort of doubt. We are informed, by the
Secretary of the Interior, that they exist, and the
Senator from Illinois says he believes there have
been great frauds. Within a very few moments,
I have received from the Pension Office a state-
ment which will show that there are matters
which deserve the attention of the Senate, and that
these frauds have reached a point which require
our intervention. Here is the statement:
" The following is an extract from the official report of
the agent sent by tins office to Illinois to examine, the per-
sons who were upon the list of invalid pensions in that
State, dated February 9, 1853:
" fn the course of our tour we visited some twenty-five
or thirty counties, and ascertained lhat a very large majority
of the 'pensioners were stout, able-bodied men, suffering
from no physical debility whatever. Out of seventy or
eighty persons examined sixty four were found not to be
entitled to pensions. A large majority of these obtained
their pensions fraudulently, having always been healthy
men. As a general rule, they made no objection when told
that they would be stricken from the roll, and seemed only
solicitous to avoid a Government prosecution. The excuse
they generally gave for practicing these frauds was, that
they had been called on by certain agents, who assured
them that, under existing laws ot Congress, they were enti-
tled They generally protested their own innocence of all
design to commit fraud. The result of the examinations
made by Dr. Elkin and myself will be an annual saving to
the Government of some $3,000 or $6,000."
Mr. President, I am informed, by the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, that in many of these cases
which were discovered, not merely m Illinois but
elsewhere, which have been suspended, a protest
has been entered that there was no authority to
suspend. It is contended that this examination,
which was instituted by the predecessor of the
present Secretary of the Interior, was perhaps not
instituted according to law; or that if it was so in-
stituted, the Department had no right to act upon
the evidence after it was furnished. Consequently,
in some cases which are still suspended, an angry
correspondence has been going on between the
claimants themselves and the Pension Office.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the Senator permit me
to say a word ? These same cases are now com-
ing back to the office, and are being reinstated
every day. I have had some of them reinstated
myself. It is done, because it is said the examin-
ation was a defective one; and these persons
complain of it as a great outrage. 1 acknowledge
that there are fraudulent cases; but 1 say the Bu-
reau is reinstating the cases referred to.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator is mistaken. I
am informed by the Commissioner that very few
have been reinstated, though some of them have
b6Mr. SHIELDS. I have had some reinstated
myself.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the Senator will find,
when he comes to look at the matter, that a very
small proportion of them has been reinstated. 1
have understood so from the Secretary of the in-
tenor and the Commissioner of Pensions. Now,
Mr, if these frauds exist, I ask if it is not the duty
of the Government to provide some means for
looking into them ?
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 agree with the Senator; it is.
Mr. HUN fER. Thi3 is not a question of
money. It is not a question of economy._ It is
a question of public morals. It is due to the pen-
sion system itself. If you would save that sys-
tem, you must purify it.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the Senator permit me
to point out what I think is the best mode of pro-
ceeding? Let the Department select one of its
best surgeons, and send him to each State. Let
him go round making these examinations, and not
require every pensioner to go to two surgeons.
Let the Government send a surgeon, or employ a
surgeon m each State, and let him examine the
pensioners, and report to the Department. Let
the matter be thoroughly investigated; then we
shall have the frauds before us.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, 1 give some
credit myself to the Department for understand-
ing something of the best mode of transacting
their business. As far as I can see, the mode
which they propose is the best that could be de-
vised. Why, sir, what means are so certain of
ascertaining fraud as to examine the person of the
invalid pensioner, to have him examined by those
who are capable, by surgeons or physicians to be
approved by the Secretary of the Interior? It
does not follow that this provision is to be exe-
cuted in the most onerous manner. Gentlemen
imagine a mode in which the Secretary of the In-
terior is to execute it by which the pensioner is to
beburdened. Are there not other modes in which
it would operate as no improper burden upon the
pensioner? And is it not to be presumed that the
Secretary of the Interior will adopt such regula-
tions as will make it work in the easiest and best
possible manner for the pensioners themselves?
In point of fact, 1 believe, according to their
own construction, gentlemen would require that
the pension agent who lives in each State should
decide on the credibility of the surgeons who are
to make the examinations. This is the mode in
which they think the law will be executed. If the
object is a good one, and that be a better amend-
ment, why does not the Senator from Illinois
propose some provision by which he may make
it work so as to get rid of the inconveniences which
he apprehends? Why oppose the whole remedy
which is suggested, and leave no means of pre-
venting and checking these frauds? According to
the construction put on the present law by some
of those pensioners, it is maintained that the Sec-
retary of the Interior has no right to withhold
their pensions, although he may be convinced, on
clear evidence, that they are not entitled to them.
It is to do away with this difficulty, it is to make
known to the pensioners, and those who get up
those claims, that the eye of the Government is
upon them; that there is danger, if they should
commit frauds that they will be detected, that
this provision is recommended.
But, sir, the Senator from Illinois says " no;
he thinks this will operate as an inconvenience to
the poor pensioners who are really entitled, and
that the cunning fellows who commit the frauds
will get around it. The same argument would
apply to the original examination. He might as
well say that these cunning fellows can elude any
safeguards which we may endeavor to throw
around this system. Does it follow, therefore,
that we are bound to throw none around it. If
so, all you have to do is to let any man claim a
pension, and give it to him without inquiry, and
say it is useless to require investigation, because
fraudulent men know how togetaround any safe-
guards which you may impose. If, on the con-
trary, it be necessary to have any safeguards at
all, we increase them by adding to the number of
these examinations. _ .
But, sir, it is said that the examination is likely
to be burdensome to the pensioners. That is not
the opinion of the Department, and I do not think
it can be proved to be so on any sound construc-
tion of this provision itself. For what has he to
do? He has now to make his affidavit annually
in regard to his personal identity, m order to draw
his pension from the pension agent. What will
it cost him in addition to that to make the affidavit
here prescribed? What will it costhim to procure
the certificate of the physicians? I am told they
rarely ever charge; I never heard an instance m
which one charged in my country for these ser-
