1488
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23.
after the day on which it was intended they should
have reached there. Indeed, sir, a critical exam-
ination of this affair—an examination of the time
at which that portion of the expedition that made
the attack on this brig in the harbor of Payal
arrived at Jamaica, and the time when General
Jackson arrived at New Orleans with the troops
necessary for the defense of the city—I think will
satisfy you that it is highly probable that the city
may have owed its safety on that occasion to the
very circumstance of the attack on the privateer.
Various estimates are made of theloss of the Brit-
ish on that occasion. Two or three hundred men,
at all events, were killed or wounded. On the
next day after the battle, two ships-of-war—the
Thais and Calypso—arrived on the station, des-
tined also for Jamaica, and they returned with the
wounded, amounting; to more than one hundred
and fifty men, to England. So much of the ex-
pedition for New Orleans was cut off in their ar-
rival at Jamaica, and the others were delayed for
a long period.
I shall not dwell on this longer. It is very well
worthy the curious examination of the historian.
But I now come to the merits of the matter.
In my judgment, sir, on high principles of State
policy this claim ought to be paid. I do not wish
to go into an examination of all the negotiations
in regard to the claim, on the part of the Govern-
ment. I assume—and I suppose every man will
admit it—that the Government of the United States
owed it to the brig to make a demand against Por-
tugal for the loss sustained by the brig while it
Was under the protection of Portugal in her neu-
tral port. Portugal admitted her liability with all
dispatch to Great Britain, and demanded within
two or three months, at least, after the vessel was
captured, satisfaction for the violation of her har-
bor. For a period of twenty years the claim was
neglected, and various reasons operated upon the
Department of State to lead the gentlemen at the
head of that Department not to interfere at par-
ticular times. But, at last, when the claimants
were expecting that the Government of Portugal
would pay the money, it was referred to arbitra-
tion, as it appears, without their consent, and
without their knowledge. It further appears that
no representations whatever were made in their
behalf befoie the Prince President of France, who
was the aibitrator. Mr. Rives shows that he
made none, ft does not appear that he received
instructions to make any. The claimants, then,
never had an opportunity to present the justice of
their claim to the arbitrator; and the result was, j
what 1 think every man will be surprised to find, !
that the facts as admitted by the Government of '
Portugal herself, and as always understood by
the United States, were misrepresented or misun-
derstood. In the award, the arbiter assumes the
fact that the atta< k was commenced by the Ameri-
can privateer. If you will look at the correspond-
ence of the Governor of Fayal, you will see that
for many hours before the attack was made, he
was perfectly apprised that the fleet intended to
make that attack on the privateer; and letter after
letter, (which are all published,) remonstrating
against such an outrage upon a Portuguese port,
and demanding, in the name of the law of nations,
that it should not be made, were sent by the Gov-
ernor; but they all met with a most contemptuous
answer from the British admiral, who, when the
night came on, prepared for the attack first with
four boats; and the pretext is set up that the pri-
vateer, with only ninety men, commenced the
attack upon the boats of this British squadron,
composed of all these ships, for the purpose of
getting up a fight in a neutral port.
Sir, the privateer had demanded of the Governor
of Fayal his protection. What motive or inter-
est under heaven could induce the Americans to
commence the attack? It is, to my mind, the
most preposterous idea that I ever heard advanced
by any arbitrator, that the privateer should com-
mence an attack upon that fleet, an attack which
would necessarily result in her destruction. My
opinion, sir, is, that it was the most absurd decis-
ion that could have been made.
Look at the facts. If you will not believe the ;
American sailors, who all swear that these boats :
were armed, that they hailed them, that the boats
refused to keep off, that they were corning down
so closely that they could easily have boarded the
brig if they had got alongside the privateer, and
perhaps have captured her before her guns could
have been brought to bear upon them, if you even
reject the testimony of these American sailors,
there is other evidence which is conclusive that
the alleged ground on which the decision of the
arbitrator rested, is absolutely false
Under these circumstances, you do not, by pay-
ing this claim, decide that your Government is
bound to pay a claim when it has in good faith
prosecuted that claim for one of its citizens, and
has by consent of the party, who should always
be consulted in such a case, referred his case to ar-
bitration, or even has referred it without his consent
if he unreasonably refuses to give it, but has granted
him an ample opportunity of being heard before
the aibitrator. This case can never furbish a
precedent for any claims of that sort. In cases of
that kind, the Government would'not be bound to
pay; but here what would be the effect of refusing
to grant this paltry sum of money to these gal-
lant men ? The effect of paying it will be to stim-
ulate our countrymen, in all future wars, to imi-
tate the gallantry and heroism of the men who
fought for the honor of the American flag on that
night. There was not, I have already said, and I
repeat it, anything in the histoiy of the war to
equal the daring and courage evinced by Reidand
his men on that night.
There was a second attack by the British, and
the Governor of Fayal gives a most extraordinary
account of it. He says that, for the space of a quar-
ter or half an hour, the American brig was a per-
fect sheet of flame. The British crowded up her
painter, her stern, and every part where a vessel
could be assailed. The American seamen stood
by with their cutlasses, and cut off the hands and
arms of the assailants as they climbed up the side
of the brig, and those who reached the deck,
reached it only to fall in a hand-to-hand struggle
with our brave men. Both the attacks made that
night were repulsed. Several hundred men were
killed and wounded on the part of the British, and
they drew off.
There is another fact in this case which ought
not to be forgotten. There were over thirty Amer-
ican seamen in the port of Fayal at the time.
When they found their countrymen were about
to be attacked, and that the Poituguese batteries
did not intend to defend them, they sent a depu-
tation to the Governor, and begged that they
might be permitted to go on board the American
brig to assist in the defense of their countrymen.
He refused to permit them to go. They stood on
the shore during the fight. They were not allowed
to participate in the struggle where the odds were
ten to one against their countrymen. But in the
spirit of true American sailors, they witnessed
the whole battle, and whenever a British boat,
wrecked in the struggle, reached the shore, they
stood by, prepared with their hatchets and axes
to cut it to pieces. The refusal of the Governor
to allow them to go on board that night was an
instance of enforcing the neutrality of the port.
The neutrality was enforced against us, but not
against the British. Not a gun was fired against
them. Our countrymen were not permitted to go
on board and assist the crew of the General Arm-
strong; but the British were permitted, without
the slightest demonstration of force to repel them,
to make the attack again and again.
The attack was renewed the next morning. At
that time the brig Carnation was worked in near
enough to bring her guns to bear against the pri-
vateer. A final desperate struggle was made by
Reid and the men who were left on board not
wounded to defend her still. After two or three
discharges from their cannon, they shot away her
mam topmast, and disabled her so that she was
compelled to retire. The struggle then appeared
hopeless. A consultation was held, and it was
determined, as there was no longer any possible
chance of getting relief from the batteries under
which they were lying, that they would scuttle
their ship and go on shore. They put the long
gun down in the hold, and then retreated to the
shore. The British boarded the brig, and set her
on fire.
Our men went upon, the island, but they were
persecuted there. Reid retreated with his men
(for the British threatened to take them on the
island) to a convent and fortified it, and defied the
British in the convent with his sailors. Some of
them, however, were captured, not by a bold,
manly attack on them in the convent, but they
were captured straggling about the island, and
were carried to Dartmoor, and' there they under-
went great hardships, as we all know. I saw one
of them who was shot through the neck cloth m
the Dartmoor prison, after having been captured,
at Fayal.
Sir, as I said before, I do not base my vote in
favor of this bill upon the ground that this Gov-
ernment has not the right, to dispose of the claims
of its citizens when they are intrusted to it; but I
say that when the Government does undertake
the charge of a claim like this, if it will refer the
case to arbitration without the citizen's consent—
and I very much doubt its power to do so—it is
bound, at least, to give him an opportunity to be
heard in his defense, or in defense of his claim.
That was not furnished here.
Again, sir, without reference to any technicali-
ties, I should hold that we could not better dispose
of this amount of money in the Treasury than by
paying this claim. It will teach our naval officers
andusailors, in future wars, that they shall have
the^rotection of neutral ports; that this Govern-
ment will enforce it from neutral powers; or, if it
fails to do that, will pay the damages itself. Sir,
I need not quote the authorities which are cited in
the report. Any gentleman who will look into the
subject will find them amply sustained. It seems
from them, though I have not investigated them
with any degree of care, that this question has been
decided in favor of the claim; but without any
reference to whatanybody elsehas decided, I must
act on my own feelings of true State policy.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I have, with
some care, looked over the report in this case,
and I have listened attentively to the speeches of
the Senator from Louisiana and the Senator from
Delaware in support of the claim; and I have come
to the conclusion that there is not a single princi-
ple on which the Government is bound to pay this
claim. The Senator from Delaware has enter-
tained the Senate with high and well-deserved en-
comiums on the bravery displayed by the crew of
the General Armstrong at Fayal. I think it is
clear that the attack was made on them by the
British. There appears, however, to be some
doubt on that point, and I do not wish to pass on
the fact. I have merely stated my own impres-
sion.
The English committed an aggression upon the
neutral rights of Portugal, but it is upon an ex-
ceedingly doubtful principle that even Portugal is
bound to pay at all for the damage. She has a
right to demand reparation from the nation making
the aggression. She had a right to make war
for this violation of her sovereignty and rights.
Portugal might have compelled England, who did
this wrong, for she committed the attack, to do
justice to these people. But when the neutrality
of a weak Power is violated by a strong one, it is
a very hard rule, and it is not consistent with nat-
ural justice, that she should pay at all. 1 know
England has enforced such principles occasionally.
But in this case Portugal did us no wrong at all.
England, a powerful nation, violated her neutral-
ity, attacked one of our vessels in her neutral port,
and yet we called on Portugal to pay for it! I
thinK it is a hard rule to make her pay for it in
any event. But we have held her to the rule that
she should go and compel England not only to
make an apology, but to pay the damages, and
that if she did not do it, she should pay them
herself. We went to Portugal and demanded rep-
aration, She could not get it from England. She
refused our demand on two grounds, one was that
she was not bound by the law of nations to pay
us damages, and the other was that the American
brtg was the aggressor.
The American Government, from time to time,
I fairly and honorably prosecuted this claim in be-
I half of the claimants. We were injured by the
! action of the British, but when the treaty of peace
| took place with England, we demanded no satis-
| faction from her; we could not afford to do it.
I She had committed the outrage, and she was lia-
ble for the damages; but when we made a treaty
of peace with her, we did not demand payment.
This Government, after pursuing the rights of
these citizens for years, after forty years had
jj passed away, referred the case to arbitration,
[j That was a legitimate, just, and proper mode of
j! deciding it. The arbitrator has decided the ques-
j[ tion against the claimants, and now we are called
j| upon to pay them their claim. I do not wish to
\\ see the principle of settling national difficulties by
