778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
vices, I am told that it is not a common thing; for
thevi to charge for them. 1 am informed, by the
Commissioner of Pensions, that he has known but
few instances where a chargd has been made, and
then it was but a dollar. He thinks that, by pos-
sibility, the whole charge of this reexamination of
the pensioner could not be over five dollars. Now,
can a pensioner complain when, for the protection
of this system, we make -him do something in
order to prove title? Intirder that we may impose
as little burden upon him as possible, I am willing
to agree to the suggestion made by the Commis-
sioner of Pensions himself—to strike out from the
amendment that provision which requires that the
examination shall be biennial. Let us provide for
but oneexamination, and if the results of that do
not satisfy us, we need not continue the system;
but if its results prove to be wholesome we can
continue it. I am willing to strike out that portion
of it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will agree to do that, for I
am as anxious to get rid of fraudulent cases as
the honorable Senator, or the Bureau, because
they are throwing discredit upon the whole sys-
tem. But I will state what I think is a much bet-
ter plan. I have examined the matter, and I have
come to the conclusion that it would be better to
authorize the Bureau to appoint one or two able
surgeons in each State, and let them make the
examination and send in their reports. I can
show theSenate why this is so. As the honorable
Senator proposes to amend the amendment, it will
still stand as operating to repeat the same process
by which the pensioner originally obtained his
pension. The same course by which a fraudulent
pension was originally obtained will be repeated.
How is thepension obtained now ? The man goes
to two surgeons in his own neighborhood—they
may be any kind of surgeons—they may be root
doctors; and he gets their certificate and the mem-
ber of Congress certifies that they are surgeons in
full practice. Upon these certificates the pension
is obtained. I only mention this to show the hon-
orable Senator that this is but a repetition of the
original examination, leaving open precisely the
same door for fraud which existed in the first place.
I suggest to him to accept the amendment which
I now propose: to appoint one or two surgeons of
approved ability in each State. Let them make a
thorough personal examination, ascertain the cir-
cumstances, and report to the Bureau. This,
then, will rid our system of all its evils. I will
go for such a provision.
Mr. HUNTER. I think that, with the amend-
ment which we have proposed, the section, as rec-
ommended by the Department, will probably reach
the evil with more certainty. 1 think we had bet-
ter commence in that way. I find that there is
precedent for it. By the law of March 3, 1819,
(i regulating the payment to invalid pensioners,"
it is provided:
<l That in all ca<«es of application for the payment of pen-
sions io invalids, under the .several laws of Congress grant-
ing pensions io invalid.5-, the affidavit of two surgeons or
physicians, whose credibility a,- hucIi shall he certified by the
magistrate before whom the affidavit i« made, stating the
continuance of the disability for which the pension whs
originally gmnted, (describing it,) and the rate of such dis-
ability at the time of making the affidavit, shall accompany
the application of the first payment which shall fall due
after the fourth day of March next, and at the cud of every
two years thereafter; and if, in a casv of a continued disa-
bility, ir shall be «tated at a rate oelovv that for which the
pension was originally granted, the applicant shall only
be paid at the rate stated in the affidavit."
Wow, sir, I am willing to agree to amendments
which will authorize but one reexamination,leav-
ing it to Congress to determine hereafter, on the
results of the examination, whether or not they
will continue it. As for the rest of the amend-
ment, 1 think it had better be left as the Secretary
proposes.
In regard to the addition of the last clause, we
thought that, according to the principles which
prevail in reference to military offices, there ought
to be some such proviso in relation to civil offices.
It seems to me there is no just rule, no good rea-
son, for discriminating between the two cases. I
said yesterday that I was willing to agree to the
limitation proposed by the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Hamliw.] Or, if the Senate should object
to that addition, in any form, 1 hope they will at
least adopt so much of this section, with the
amendment of which I have spoken, as was pro-
posed by the Department itself. If it be the gen-
eral sense of the Senate that we should strike out
the provision requiring the reexamination to be
every two ysars, I think we can unite on the
amendment, and 1 hope the question will be taken
on it without further debate.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, as I am
obliged on this occasion, with great reluctance, to
separate from my honorable and honored chair-
man, [Mr. Hunter,] 1 wish to say, in a few
words, why I feel compelled to do it. I am op-
posed to both parts of this amendment. The first
part of it I am opposed to because I think it is a
very immature and unsatisfactory attempt to make
an improvement in the system of pensions, with 
a view to prevent frauds; but I am perfectly will-
ing to go with my friend from Maryland, and my
friend from Virginia, and any other gentleman,
for the adoption of a wise and practicable system
to prevent real frauds, and to make a just and
proper discrimination between fair claimants and
fraudulent pretenders. But I think it is evident,
upon this discussion, that the amendment sent
here, and proposed by the head of the Depart-
ment, has not been maturely considered. So far
as that is concerned, I see no reason why it should
be absolutely necessary to pass this provision
upon the deficiency bill. Let the communication
of the Secretary of the Interior be referred to the
Committee on Pensions, at the head of which is
my friend who sits before me, [Mr. Jones, of
Iowa.] Let that committee consider, with such
aid as they can get from the Department and other
sources, what is a proper provision, and let them
report it in a separate bill. I am prepared to adopt
whatever is wise, and just, and reasonable; but I
am satisfied that the multiplication of certificates
will not answer your purpose.
With regard to the mode in which these laws
are administered in the Departments, 1 hava not
the same confidence which the honorable Senator
from Virginia says he has. I impute no ill pur-
poses; but I think a bad practice, originating in
the subordinates of these Departments, is an idea
that security is gained to the country m propor-
tion as you multiply certificates and ceremonials.
Now, I believe that the effect of such a multipli-
cation of certificates and ceremonials is exactly
the contrary. How do you defeat an attempt at
a fraudulent claim by lequiiing a ceremonial ? If
a man sits down to fabricate a claim, he will get
the law, and he will have all his memorials and
papers in the most precise and accurate order for
presentation. I do not believe, therefore, that that
system will do anything good. But, at all events, I
think this had better be carefully looked into in-
stead of being now hurriedly passed.
Mr. President, it was long since said, as I have
once before mentioned in the Senate, and, as I
believe, tiuly said by Lord Mansfield, that the
attempt made by the Legislature of England, by
the statute of frauds, toguaid against ihe proof of
improper or fraudulent wills, by a minute arid par-
ticular ceremonial, had, so far as that was con-
cerned, proved abortive; but, as Lord Mansfield
remarked, there had never been an instance of
a forged or fraudulent will presented at Doctor's
Commons that was not perfect in the ceremonial
as of course it was to be expected it would be;
and the only effect of the operation of the bill had
been, in fact, to disappoint the real intentions of a
testator because the formal requisites had not been
complied with.
With regard to the second provision of this
amendment, 1 cannot see any justice or propriety
in it in any case. It is said that it prevails in the
Army. It does; and it is most unjust and wrong
that it should prevail there. I am willing to re-
peal it, but I am not willing to add another case of
injustice.
Now, Mr. President, just let us look at this for
one moment. Here are two officers in the Army
employed m the same grade, rendering the same
services, competent to render the same services,
to which the law attaches a certain ;:alary. One
of them has lost a limb m battle. You stop his
pension while he is in that service. I ask you if ;
he is compensated upon a footing of equality with ■
the officer who has not lost a limb? Why, cer- :
tainly he is not. Does not every man know that I
his expenditures are necessarily increased, on *
account of the helplessness superinduced by the
loss? Is $1,000 the same to the man who is pos-
sessed of all his hrnbs, and the man who has to
hire an extra servant to put him to bed at night
and to take him up in the morning, and separate
into mouthfuls the food which he eats? Why,
it is evident that it is not. If §1,000 is sufficient
compensation for the duties of the office, why do
you take away, in the supposed case, the §300
which the party received becausehe was disabled ?
It is in effect making a difference of $200 in the
compensation of two men discharging the same
duties in the same grade. If the man is so dis-
abled that he cannot discharge the duties of the
office, he ought no longer to hold it; but while he
holds the office we presume that the compensation
is justly due for the services which he renders. 1
think this provision with regard to the Army, and
in regard to the Navy, is a blemish upon the legis-
lation of Congress. The question for the repeal
of that is not before us. I am ready to go for its
repeal; but I am not willing to extend the provis-
ion further, because I cannot see that it is other-
wise than a wrong and an injustice.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I know that it
is desirable to take the vote on the amendment,
and I am not disposed to detain the Senate by any
observations upon it. I merely wish to give notice,
that when the vote is taken on the amendment of
the Senator from Delaware I shall move to strike
out of the amendment of the committee the words,
" and every two years after the date of such affi-
davit he shall, before receiving any further pay-
ment, produce to said agent a similar affidavit."
The effect of this will be to obviate the difficulty
of requiring the pensioner to make new proof
every two years, but will still leave the pension
office at liberty to apply the test which is recom-
mended. I shall then move to strike out the last
clause, so as to leave the section less objectionable,
to my mind, than it now stands; though I shall
not vote for it as thus amended.
Among other reasons why I cannot vote for it
is the fact, that the two surgeons are to be " ap-
pioved by the Secretary of the Interior." How
is it possible that the Secretary of the Interior can
know what two surgeons in each neighborhood
throughout the whole United States are compe-
tent to investigate this matter? How can he
know anything about them?
Sir, I only wish to add, that whenever a propo-
sition shall be brought forward here to authorize
the Secretary of the Interior, if he has a well-
founded belief that any frauds are being committed,
to institute an inquiry, and suspend fraudulent
pensions, 1 am willing to go for it, let it be intro-
duced whenever it may. But, with ail due respect
to the Secretary of the Interior, I do believe that
the amendment which has been submitted by the
committee is not Calculated, in its nature, to effect
the object desired by him, of ferreting out frauds;
but I believe it trammels, and trammels unneces-
sarily, the poor pensioners. It is said, by the
Senator from Virginia, that it will be a matter of
convenience, or at least very little inconvenience,
for a pensioner to secure the certificates of two
surgeons approved by the Secretary of the Interior.
How approved—in advance, or subsequently?
Mr. HUNTER. According to the regulations
of the Department.
Mr. ADAMS. I do not wish to leave it to the
Secretary of the Interior to make regulations, if
you will leave it to the Secretaries to make regu-
lations, they may strike from the pensioners "all
their rights; and this, too, under the idea that they
are doing what is correct and proper. I speak
from past experience—not of this Secretary, but
of all others. I am willing to go for any law to
effect the object intended by the Secretary, but for
this provision I cannot go. It will, however, be
much less objectionable to me if it be amended in
the manner 1 have suggested.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest that Senators had
better let us vote upon the amendments, and make
the proposition as perfect as its friends can make
it.
Mr. CASS. I am inclined very much to favor
the suggestion of the Senator from Mississippi;
and yet, if that does not prevail, I shall vote for
the amendment of the Committee on Finance,
when modified as the Senator from Virginia has
suggested that he will agree to have it amended;
that is, so as to provide for a single examination.
I am willing to give full authority to the Secretary
of the Interior to make the examinations as he
pleases under the regulations to be prescribed by
the Department. But, after all, it will be found
that one practical difficulty (and it will occasion
great differences among honest men) arises from
