1490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
claims for injuries done to our citizens by the
British Government, which are being settled by a
commission in England; and we have provided
for an umpire to settle differences which arise
between the respective commissioners. I suppose
that if we allow this claim, those of our people
whose claims are decided against by that com-
mission will come to the House of Representatives
and the Senate, and get their claims paid here. 1
say that this Government must assert the claims
and rights of its citizens in such a manner as
to it seems most wise, just, and proper. We have
a great many interests to look after, and we are
not to go to war because some one imagines he
has been cheated out of $10 or $10,000 by a for-
eign Government. We have a right to go to war
for such a cause, but we are not bound to do it.
In this case, we have gone on and submitted the
claim to arbitration. This was a legitimate, just,
and humane mode of settling it, and one which
ought rather to be encouraged thein discouraged;
ami, therefore, on that principle, i think this claim
ought to be driven from the Congress of the Uni-
ted States. We referred the claim to an umpire,
a m«n of ability, and he decided against it.
There is a paucity of facts in support of the
claim. We are not told why the claimants did
not go and argue the case. The Senator states
what does not appear in the case, when he says
the British and Portuguese were there arguing
before the arbitrator. I find nothing of that sort
substantiated by (he report. The facts on which
I have been arguing this case are in the report. I
take what is there stated to be true. I say, from
what there appears, that this Government has
taken a legitimate and proper mode for adjusting
the claim; and it has been decided that the claim-
ants have no rights against Portugal, and could
have had none. Of course, we might have made
England pay; but, as the Senator properly states
the rule of international law, the treaty of peace
with England in 1815, closed up all grievances
against her.
Mr. CLAYTON, Mr. President, the Senator
has twice suid that which is entirely destitute of
foundation, when hehassaid that, under the nego-
tiations which 1 was conducting for the recovery
of damages for this vessel, we were going to war.
There is nothing to justify that asseition in any
part of the correspondence which I had, or which
was had by General Taylor during his time, or by
anybody under his authority. There is nothing
of the kind. The only thing winch he contem-
plated doing, was this: in the event of the refusal
of Portugal to pay the claim, he intended to sub-
mit the whole facts for the consideration of Con-
gress, with an assurance to the Portuguese Govern-
ment that he would abide any decision which
Congress should choose to make in regard to the
matter. I know very well what is stated in the
report; bull say there is nothing in the corres-
pondence to show that there was a determination
on the part of this Government to go to war with-
out the consent of Congress, ft was only intended
that the Executive should transmit to Congress
' all the correspondence connected with the subject,
and should abide the decision which Congress
might make. We did it. So far as related to
myself, 1 am proud to say I would not have hesi-
tated at all to enforce this claim against Portugal,
and compel her to pay it if we possibly could. It
was a most outrageous piece of conduct on the
part of Portugal. She always has been the ally of
England. Her wishes and feelings have always
been with England, and on that occasion she took
sides with England in the controversy about this
privateer. She enforced her neutrality against us,
but she did not attempt to enforce it against Great
Britain.
With regard to what the gentleman said as to
England being responsible to us for all the dam-
ages of the war, I have nothing to say. He admits
that when the treaty of peace was made, there
was an end of all our claims upon England. It
would have been a rare thing, indeed, if the nego-
tiators at Ghent had Rat down to make an estimate
of the damages suffered on both sides, and of
every ship and vessel captured in that war. They
never thought of such a thing. We could have
made no peace on such terms. Neither party
contemplated making a peace on the basis of mu-
tually compensating each other for all the dam-
ages that were done. It was agreed on both sides
that we bad done them about as much damage as
they had done us; and then, on certain high prin-
ciples long connected with the subject of peace and
war, the treaty of peace was made and ratified.
I trust, sir, that the Senate will not lightly re-
ject this claim. The effect of doing so, in my
judgment, will be to say to our citizens hereafter,
in all cases of this description, when they seek
.protection under the guns of a neutral port, and
they fail to obtain it, "we will not demand and
not enforce it; and ceasing to demand, or certainly
to enforce, we will not pay the damages our-
selves." These men owed obedience to the laws
of their country, and were compelled to observe
them. Their country owed to them protection in
return. Their country has not give them the pro-
tection which it was bound to give.
The honorable Senator contends that the Gov-
ernment has done all it could. Why, sir, if you
will look to the facts, you will find, as I said before,
that, for a period of fully twenty years, nothing
was done in regard to the claim. It was entirely
overlooked, and why5 Part of the time, it was
said by one of our Secretaries, because of the
embarrassing circumstances in which Portugal
was then placed; this prevented our Government
from enforcing the claim. The Government of
Portugal was then distracted by internal dissen-
sions, and we, therefore, did not press this de-
mand. This Government was undoubtedly at
liberty, on considerations of this kind, to assume
this high ground; but it should do it at its own
expense. You could afford to be magnanimous,
but you ought not to be magnanimous at the ex-
pense of those citizens who had just claims.
Sir, I say again, that in my humble judgment
the expenditure of this amount of moneyfrom the
Treasury could not be better made for the interests
of the country than by paying this cfaim. You
need not pretend that this will set a precedent.
You have never had such a case before; you will
never have such a one again. You may have, in
future wars, instances of gallantry and devotion to
the country as great as we find here; you may
have as much true American feeling manifested;
you may have a vessel cut out under the guns of
a neutral, or even a hostile fort; but you will not
have such a case as this again presented to you.
Here, after having referred the matter—with or
without the consent of the parties, I care not—
the Government furnished the claimants with no
opportunity whatever to vindicate their claim.
Whenever a case of that sort "presents itself dis-
tinctly to the honorable Senator from Georgia, 1
trust he will concede that the Government is bound
to pay it. In this case it appears to me the Gov-
ernment is bound to pay, because it has not done
its duty, in not furnishing the individual with
ample opportunity of obtaining remuneration.
Mr. Reid says that he was not allowed to lay his
grounds befoie the arbitrator; and it does not ap-
pear that our Minister at Paris was instructed to
make any representations whatever upon the sub-
ject to Louis JNapoleon. Nothing was done, I
believe, but to send a Mr. Shattuck with the
papers to France. I think that while the British
and Portuguese Ministers were laboring with
Louis Napoleon, we, if our own Minister did not
labor the case with him, should at least have given
notice to the claimants that they stood defenseless
before the arbitrator. If they had appeared before
the arbitrator, is it possible that he could have
rested his decision on such a ridiculous pretext as
it is rested upon in his report, that the Americans,
and not the British, commenced the attack?
■ Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, I do not know
that I very correctly apprehend the principle in-
volved in this bill; but if I do, I think the argu-
ments of my learned and distinguished friends
from Louisiana and Delaware will present very
anomalous results. The honorable Senator from
Louisiana contends that this Government could
neither treat, negotiate, nor arbitrate in reference
to this claim without the assent of the claimants.
The honorable Senator from Delaware contends
that if our Minister should treat, without giving
to the claimant an opportunity to present the
| facts upon which his claims are predicated, this
| Government becomes answerable. The result of
! either proposition is the same; it places in the
i hands of the claimant the power of making war,
j or imposes upon this Government the obligation
! to pay the claim. I think I can make this palpable
| to the common-sense view of every member of
I the Senate.
I concede, for the purpose of this argument,
the law of nations to be, that a neutral nation is
obliged to protect the vessels of a friendly bellig-
erent within its port from the attacks of an enemy.
That is the extent for which either of the honor-
able Senators has contended. Conceding that to
be sound international law, it imposed upon Por-
tugal, provided this attack was made without
justifiable provocation on the part of our vessel
within a neutral port of Portugal by the vessels
of Great Britain, the obligation to pay. That is
the argument of the Senators. Now, I concede,
for the sake of the argument, these two principles.
The obligation to pay,, according to Senators'
argument, would depend on the fact whether this
attack was made with or without sufficient cause.
If we made the first attack, as was contended by
Portugal, then, undoubtedly, the British vessel
had a right to resist, and, if the stronger, had a
right to take our vessel, without any violation of
the neutrality of Portugal, so far as we were con-
cerned. That is clear.
Then, sir, we negotiated in reference to this
claim. Failing to obtain a successful result by
negotiation, we referred it to arbitration, and the
referee has actually decided that the first attack
was made by our people, and that consequently
there was no offense against thfe principle of inter-
national law contended for by the honorable Sena-
tors. They bad a right to make the attack; they
had a right to take the vessel, according to the de-
cision of the referee, because our people made the
first attack upon the crews of the British boats.
Now, Mr. President, I ask the attention of my
honorable friend from Louisiana, and also of my
honorable friend from Delaware, to answer this
proposition. Assume this to be the law. Then,,
although an arbitration has taken place, although
the referee has decided that our people made the
first attack, and that consequently there was no
offense against the law of nations in the conduct
of the British; although that has been the decision,
they say we are answerable, because, according to
the argument of due, the claimants did not consent
to the arbitration; and, according to the argument
of the other, because the Minister of the United
States neglected his duty in not giving notice to
the claimants, that they might bring forward their
arguments.
Mr. SLEDELL. Will my honorable friend
from Maryland permit me to explain ?
Mr. PRATT. Certainly.
Mr. SL1DELL. I certainly did not advance
I any pretension so utterly untenable as that which
my friend from Maryland has done me the honor
to ascribe to me. I admit, unequivocally, that if
that fact were conceded, if it were true beyond
dispute that the first attack emanated from the
crew of the General Armstrong, I should say that
the claimants here presented themselves without
any just claim. I would beg leave, however, to
refer the Senator from Maryland to the fact which
appears, perhaps, not in the report, but certainly
does appear on the papers on file, and which I
assert cannot be contradicted, that, in the first
instance, the Government of Portugal expressly
recognized that there had been a gross violation
of the neutrality of the port of Fayal on the part
of the British squadron, and remonstrated against
it in the most earnest and indignant terms, and
demanded satisfaction. After the lapse of many
years, a change came over the spirit of their
dream. They found they could obtain no satis-
faction from England. 'Their relations with Eng-
land, as the Senatorwell knows, were of the most
amicable character. After the lapse of years,
their game was entirely changed. They then,
far from admitting that the attack proceeded from
the British squadron, attempted to prove directly
the reverse of what they had admitted on all pre-
vious occasions, and asserted that the attack had
been made, in the first instance, by the crew of
the General Armstrong.
If the case were unfounded, I should say that
the claimants had sustained no damage by the de-
cision of the Emperor of France in the merits of
the case; but I assume this principle: that where
a citizen does not assent to the reference of his
claim to a third Power, and when that third Power
decides his case upon the assumption of a false
statement of facts, if I may use that expression;
and when the party, not only never assented to
such a reference, but never had an opportunity of
being heard in support of the principles he advo-
