1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
781
examination, to suspend the payment of such pension tem-
porarily or finally.
Mr. HUNTER. Personally that would be ac-
ceptable to rue; but I am afraid that if it is intro-
duced it will lead to the debate over again. I
think we had better vote the amendment in or out,
as the majority may decide.
Mr. PETTIT. i have no desire to debate it.
Mr. HUNTER. I find there are persona
friendly to the section prepared by the Depart-
ment who are not willing to sanction that pro-
posed by the Senator from Indiana. For myself,
I would have no objection to it; but I am not will-
ing to prolong the debate further. I think we
had better vote the amendment of the committee
in or out, as mav suit the roaiority of the com-
mittee.
Mr. RUSK. I suggest, also, to the Senator from
Indiana 1 believe the amendment of the commit-
tee ougnt to be rejected. I am willing to vote to
detect fraud, but 1 am not willing to subject the
pensioners to the inconvenience which is proposed
to be prescribed by our action here. The section
is not properly matured in this respect by the
committee. But it is now a matter of accommo-
dation; and I suggest to the Senator from Indiana
not to press his amendment, but let us vote down
the amendment of the committee. The subject
should be considered carefully before we adopt
such a regulation as is proposed.
Mr. PETTIT. If we can reject the whole pro-
vision I shall be glad of it.
Mr. RUSK. 1 desire to see it rejected.
Mr. PETTIT. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. RUSK. I am willing to vote for any pro-
per, well-matured plan to detect fraud.
Mr. PETTIT. I withdraw my proposed inser-
tion; and shall vote against the amendment of the
committee.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us vote on the section
which the committee propose.
Mr. PETTIT called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment, and they were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. If the section which
the committee propose as an amendment is agreed
to can I then move an amendment to it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir; after
an amendment has been agreed to, it cannot be
amended.
Mr. JONES. Then I have an amendment to
it which I shall propose now. It is to insert in I
the amendment, after the words " that before any
payment shall hereafter be made to any invalid
pensioner," the words, " whose pension exceeds
eight dollars per month/' and that will make it
read:
"That before any payment shall hereafter he made to
any invalid pensioner whose pension exceeds eight dollars
per month, and who^e nam*' bhall have been upon the pen-
sion list two vears, he shall produce to the a^ent for paving
pensions, to whom he shall apply for payment, the affidavit
of two surgeons or physicians," &c.
So as not to have it apply to the poor soldiers,
whose pay never exceeds eight dollars, and who
generally do not get more than four dollars a
month. ' This provision would put them to an
unnecessary expense. They do not get more than
ninety-six dollars a year, at the very highest; and
I want to except them from the onerous provision
of this section. Let it apply to the larger class
of pensioners, and not to those who get less than
eight dollars a month.
Mr. HUNTER. Suppose it is proved that the
disability of those who receive less than eight
dollars a month has ceased; ought they to be en-
titled still?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I do not want an ex-
amination gone into in regard to them. The
amount whio.h they receive is little enough for the
services which they have performed and the inju-
ries sustained.
Mr. HUNTER. If we adopt that it will de-
stroy the amendment of the committee.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 think the honorable Sena-
tor from Iowa is right in proposing this; but at
the same time I think it will be much better to re-
ject the whole section, and let the Committee on
Pensions mature a plan which will be satisfactory.
Mr. PETTIT. Let us reject the whole section
proposed by the Committee on Finance.
Mr, BAYARD. 1 can see no reason why the
amendment to the amendment should be agreed
to. The object of the provision reported by the
committee is, as I presume, to prevent fraud. A
fraud in a small sum ought to be detected and
exposed, if you look to the question of public
morals, as much as a fraud in a large sum. Nay,
I am satisfied that the effect upon public morals
more requires that you should investigate cases i
of that kind than cases where the amounts may
be larger. The latter cases are more apt to be
brought to the public notice and prevented than
minor cases, so that the smaller cases may have a
more deleterious effect on the mGrals of the com-
munity than the larger ones. I put this not only
on the ground of public money, as a saving to the
Government, but upon that of the public morals.
The object is to prevent fraud; and that being so,
there is no reason why a fraud in obtaining a pen-
sion of eight dollars, or four dollars, or one dol-
lar a month should not just as much be exposed j
as any case of fraud in obtaining one of $500 a j
month. I am therefore opposed to the pioposi- j
tion of the Senator from Iowa. I think it goes |
completely to destroy the whole object and intent '
of the section reported from the committee. j
Mr. TOIJCEY. I am in favor of the amend- j
ment reported from the committee as it has been j
amended. It is substantially to require one ex- ]
amination in order to ascertain whetherthe invalid '
pensioners now on the pension roll are entitled to
the pensions. That is the substance of the pro-
vision. The objection which is made to it is, that
it is requiring too much to ask that there shall be
an examination before two surgeons, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, in order
to ascertain whether the disability ever existed,
whether it now continues, and if it does not con-
tinue to stop the pension. Now, it is perfectly
well known that there are frauds committed to a
very great extent. In some mode those frauds
ought to be detected and exposed. I can conceive
of no more direct and efficient investigation than j
that which requires that the pensioner shall appear
before two respectable surgeons, and be person-
ally examined: and when that is done, and the
report is made, the whole object of this provision
is accomplished. It is a measure that is called for
by the Department. No substitute is proposed
for it; but we are called upon to vote down this
simple and direct application as it is, for proof 
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the Senator permit me
to say, that we want the Committee on Pensions,
which is the proper committee to consider such
subjects, to mature a provision on this matterand
bring it forward. This is not in its proper place,
anyhow, in this bill.
Mr. TOUCEY. Well, it may not be in its
proper place. I can only say, sir, that, in looking
back into the legislation of the country, the most
effective provisions are those that have been intro-
duced in this manner—those which cut up frauds
by the roots—those which restrain the officers of
this Government within the limits of law. This
amendment of the committee is presented here.
It is not out of order; and, for one, I cannot vote
against giving the Department the power to ex-
amine into this matter in the simple mode which
is proposed. It is said that it will be vexatious.
I agree that as the amendment was originally pre-
sented I had an objection to it. 1 did not approve
of the provision to require a repetition of the pro-
cess of examination and certifying every two years.
But that is stricken out; and as the amendment
now stands it provides for but a single report.
The opportunity being presented to me, I shall
vote for it, upon the principle that I will in every
case vote for a reform of what 1 know to be exist-
ing evils.
Mr. STUART. I desire to make a single re-
mark in reply to the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Shields.] If the Committee on Pensions of the
Senate will get up a separate bill, and embody in
it the principle of this amendment, the chances
are not one in fifty that it can be passed in the
other House in two years. The reason is, simply,
that such a bill, when sent to the House of Rep-
resentatives, is referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and whoever
has looked into the legislation of this Government
for the last few years will find that whenever a
measure, new and useful in its character, has been
carried through at all, it has been put upon an ap-
propriation bill, which, by the rules of the House,
can be reached at any time.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will say, that when the Army
bill comes in, this provision, having been in the
mean time matured, maybe attached to it, and
there it may be properly placed, but not on this
bill. It ought to belong to that bill anyhow; and
I think by the time it reaches us we can arrange
the provision so that it will accomplish the object
we nave in view.
The amendment offered by Mr. Jones,of Iowa,
to the amendment was rejected.
The question reeurringbn agreeing to the amend-
ment reported from the committee, as amended,
was taken by yeas and nays; and resulted—yeas
22, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Bayard, Rrodhead,
Butler, Clay, Clayton, Evans, Fessenden, Fitzpamck,
Foot, Gwin, Hamlin, Hunter, Mason, Norns, Pearce, Pratt,
Slide!!, Stuart, Toueev, and Williams—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Adam*, Badger, Brown, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dodse of Iowa, Everett, Fish, Geyer, James, Jones
ot'Iowa, Jones of Tennessee. Morton, Pettit, Rusk, Shields,
Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Wade,
Weller, and Wright—20.
So it was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance
have instructed me to offer the following amend-
ment: To insert among the appropriations for
the Interior Department, after the one hundred
and forty-si^th line, the words:
For contingent expenses in the office of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions for stationery, $1,000.
For binding books, $1,000.
For office furniture, ,000.
For pnntingand engraving bounty land certificates,$1,500.
For miscellaneous items, §1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance «
have also instructed me to offer another amend-
ment, to which I beg leave to call the attention of
the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pearce.] It
is to strike out of the bill the following?
" For paying pensions of invalids who were wounded on
boaid ot private armed vessels during the last war with
Great Britain, from July 1,1851, to June SO, 1854, $8,400."
And insert: #
For payment of pensions of invalids who were wounded
on board of private armed vessels during the fast war with
Great Britain, up to January I, 1853 ; and to reimburse the
pension agents such sums as have been advanced by them
tor that purpose, ^2,662 20.
Mr. PEA RCE. I will explain to theSenatebriefly
the object of the amendment. Privateer pensions
were paid out of the privateer pension fund. That
fund was created under acts passed in 1812 and
1813, which required two per cent, upon the sales
of the prizes, and upon the salvage of the recap-
tures, to be appropriated to the purpose of a pri-
vateer pension fund. In 1814 an act was passed
granting pensions to invalids and to the widows
and orphans slain on board of privateers. These
pensions continued to be paid, with some little
modifications occasionally, down to near the year
1844. At that time the fund was exhausted.
The acts granting these pensions required that
they should be paid out of this fund, and from no
other source. That was the language of one act.
Another act expressly provided that they should
not be a charge upon the Treasury of the United
States. In 1844, however, it was discovered that
the fund was exhausted; and at that time a Sena-
ter from Maine, [Mr. George Evans,] who was
then a member of this body, and chairman of the
Committee on Finance, introduced an amendment
to an appropriation bill, by which the Senate, at
one dash, appropriated §18,000 for the payment
of these privateer pensions out of the Treasury of
the United Stales, contrary to the spirit and ex-
press provision of the acts granting the pensions.
Subsequently to 1850, Congress refused to pay
these pensions out of the Treasury. There was,
however, some little balance left in the hands of
the agents, and it so happens that some of the
pensioners have been paid up to the 1st of Janu^
ary, 1853, the agents not being aware of the re-
fusal of Congress to make further appropriations.
Some of the pensioners have been paid up to
the 1st of January, 1853, but others have not
been. We thought it was well to put all on a
footing, and to make an appropriation which
would be sufficient to pay all these privateer pen-
sions up to the 1st of January, 1853, but not to
continue the system of paying them out of the
Treasury. It seemed, indeed, to be the duty of
the Committee on Finance, whose business _it_ is
to recommend appropriations to carry out existing
laws, not to recommend appropriations which
were not necessary to carry out those laws, but
which were in fact contrary to the provisions of
the existing laws.
We propose, therefore, to make an appropria^
