1492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
conceive it possible that th«e Senate of the United
States, in such a case, acting on behalf of a citi-
zen, on a proposition relating to his single claim
alone, would refer the decision of that claim to a
foreign Power, and provide in the convention that
he should not be heard in support of his lights.
There is no such provision m the treaty; and,
therefore, I think there was a plain mistake m law,
a gross mistake in law, on the part of the Secre-
tary of State of the United States when he refused
either to instruct the Minister of the United States
to appear and urge the claim before the arbitrator,
and vindicate the right of his own fellow-citizen,
or, in lieu of that, to suffer the argument which that j
citizen had drawn up in support of his claim, to go i
before the arbitrator. Under these circumstances !
it does look to me like a case of gross negligence ]
on the part of the Government of the United |
States, in prosecuting the right of a citizen after*;
it had referred it to arbitration. For this reason, j
and as I have strong sympathies with the claim |
otherwise, and as there is a great deal more than 1
this to commend it to allowance; and as 1 believe, j
beyond ail question, that this is a case in which, 1
owing to that neglect, the party has lost his claim, j
1 believe i shall vote for the bill. I entertain no i
shadow of doubt as to the liability of Portugal; !
and hence I say, that but for the negligence of I
this Government, the decision might have been !
different. j
It has been said here that Portugal was a weak
nation, and that, therefore, she ought not to have !
been held responsible. I hold the doctrine that if |
a nation is strong enough to exist as a nation, !
and to claim the rights of a nation, she is bound ,
by the obligations of a nation. She is bound to ;
protect the neutrality of her own potts, and if she j
cannot protect them she is bound to pay the dam- i
ages which are incident to her own want oSability 1
to do so. And there can*bc no other doctrine 1
under the laws of nations. 1 hold, therefore, that j
Portugal was unquestionably liable. This has !
never been doubted in any of the correspondence !
on any pretext whatever, except on the ground I
alleged by Portugal, for the first time in 3843, that j
the American vessel had herself, by her own con- j
duct, been the cause of the attack of the British, j
This assumption is against the whole facts of ;
the case. It is against the admission of Portugal !
and the conduct of Great Britain at the time when
the transaction took place, and subsequently to
that time. The claim was then undoubtedly ad-
mitted as a matter of right; and at the time of the
transaction no pietense was set up by Portugal
that the American vessel was the aggressor, ftn
the contrary, a demand was made by Portugal
on Great Britain, never on this country, on the
ground that Great Biitain had violated the neu-
trality of Portugal, and, therefore, was responsible
to her; and as far as Portuguese interests went,
Great Britain admitted that it was so. The path
for Portugal to pursue would have been plain if
this assumption were correct. If the American
■vessel had been the aggressor, Portugal would |
have come here and aaid, " the Government of the :
United States caused this aggression; the Govern- I
ment of the United States by the act of one of |
their private armed vessels caused all the difficul- !
ties which arose here by making an attack on the
boats of the British squadron, and, therefore, we ;
look to you for' reparation." Instead of doing
anything of this sort, Great Britain admitted her j
liability to Portugal, so far as regarded Portuguese i
interests; and I say'the admission of that liability i
is absolutely inconsistent with anything else than •
the fact that the British boats were the aggiessors !
upon the American cruiser. I
1 have a strong and absolute conviction that the |
decision of the President of Prance was wrong, !
and perhapswnderall the circumstances, you could i
hardly have expected anything else trom him;'
but I think there was also a neglect of duty on |
our part—not merely a slight neglect, but a gross [j
neglect of duty. We violated the first principles j
of justice when we suffered the case to be decided ['
by a foreign Power without a he?ring and without !'
a representation on the part of the claimant, who i
alone was interested in it, when he had preferred
to us his argument in support of his claim. On <j
that ground, and on that ground alone, (and still !'
not with positive certainty that it amounts to euffi- !■
cient negligence to make the Government liable,) j'
but with a strong inclination of opinion that way, •;
1 shall be compelled to vote for this bill, ij
Mr. CLAYTON. I rise now only for the pur-
pose of bringingone fact connected with this mat-
ter to the attention of the Senate. It appeers that
there was a controversy between the friends of
Admiral Lloyd and Admiral Cochrane in relation
to this very transaction. A gross charge was
made against Lloyd, who commanded the British
squadron off Fayal, of malfeasance, improper
conduct, and a gross violation of his duty in de-
laying the advance of his squadron to the aid of
the Jamaica fleet, which was about to take New
Orleans. In the progress of the controversy, a
fact, which I will mention, appeared as a justifi-
cation of Lloyd. It was said on ope side that the
game was not worth the candle; that he lost sev-
eral hundred men, and crippled the expedition so
that finally the attack on New Orleans failed. It
was said that this was a thing for which Lloyd
ought to be answerable. In his defense, it was
stated that the object of attacking the privateer
General Armstrong was, to capture her without
destroying or crippling her, in Older that she might
be used, in consequence of her light draft of water,
in the Mississippi, for purposes for which the
other vessels they had would not answer. That
was the reason why this vessel was attacked in
the way she was. An attempt was made to carry
her by boarding. They knew she had ninety
men, or less than a hundred, and only seven guns,
and they supposed they could capture her in a
few minutes. They failed; and there was nothing
in the annals of naval warfare, anciept or modern,
to exceed the glory of this transaction. Sir, I do
hope that the Senate of the United States will re-
flect upon the consequences which will flow from
the payment of this small sum out of the Treas-
ury, and its effect on the men who shall hereafter
fight the battle?? of the country.
Mr. CXJASE. Mr. President, the argument
submitted by the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Bayard,] if it were valid, would subject the Gov-
ernment to responsibility in all cases m which the
Secretary of State of the United States should
form a wrong opinion upon a treaty stipulation
between this and a foreign Government, and in
consequence of it a loss should be sustained by
a private citizen. That is the principle of his
argument. It seems to me that it would be going
very much too far to sanction a principle which
would be fruitful of such consequences. On a
cursory examination of the report and the clause
of the treaty, it would seem to me that the sub-
mission of this claim to the arbitrator, was in the
natui e of a submission, or an appeal to a supei ior
court, that the whole case might be reexamined,
but not on new arguments or new testimony; so
that, m my judgment, the late Secretory of State,
Mr. Webster, to whose opinions upon the con-
struction of treaties,and upon ail legal questions,
every memberof the Senate will bedisposed to bow
with very great deference, was not erroneous in
the opinion which he gave.
Upon the other points in this case, the argu-
ment of the Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pratt]
seems to me to be entirely unanswerable. There
are three modes m which satisfaction for private
claims can be obtained from a foreign Govern-
ment. One of those modes is by negotiation and
treaty, resulting in satisfaction or a compromise;
another of those modes is also by arbitration; and
the third is by war. Now, sir, if we cannot arbi-
trate without the consent of the claimant, we can-
not compromise; we can make no adjustment that
does nonsecure to the claimant everything that he
claims, fwffl the whole extent of the indemnity
which he requires. If we cannot compromise,
and cannot arbitrate without the consent of the
claimant, then it irresistibly follows, as was
shown by the Senator from Maryland, that the
private claimant has in his hands, in every such
case, the question of peace and war between this
and foreign nations, or an abandonment of his
claim. We are driven to that necessarily. In
every case we must either abandon the claim, or
else we must resort to war m its enforcement, at
the will of the claimant himself.
Sir, it is by no means clear that these doctrines
would not involve a still further consequence. If
we cannot resort to arbitration without the con-
sent of the claimant—-if we cannot resort to the
mode of compromise without the consent of the
.claimant—how can we resort to the great last
remedy without his consent? and if we cannot do
that, the result will be that, in the event of our
actually going to war in defense of his claim, and
concluding a treaty without reference to it, this
Government would still be responsible. It is only
sufficient to state these propositions to see the con-
sequences to which they lead, and to secure, I
trust, the judgment of the Senate against them.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Seward]
seemed to feel the weakness of all arguments
drawn from law and usage, in defense of this
claim, and he placed it upon the simple ground of
.some general equity—that this vessel was a pri-
vateer, a part'of the naval force of the country;
that she had sustained injuries as part of the naval
service, and that we were therefore bound to in-
demnify her owners. That may be an appeal to
patriotic feeling; but if we acknowledge such ap-
peals, theie is no limit to the demands which they
would create on the Treasury. I do not feel dis-
posed to detain the Senate on this question; but as
it is one of very considerable importance, I ask
for the yeas and nays upon the question of or-
dering the bill to be engrossed for a thirdreading.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from Ohio and myself agree as to the
points m this case, except in one respect. We
differ in opinion as to the plain intent of the third
article of the convention between Portugal and
the United States, by which this claim was sub-
mitted to the arbitration of the late President,
i now Emperor of France. I admit he has the
| authority—and very high authority it is—of Mr.
i Webster in support of his construction. I can
| only account for what I consider the palpable
] mistake in the construction of that article, made
. by the Secretary of State, because of the multipli-
: city of the transactions to which his mind was
| drawn, and the probable fact that this being a case
I relating simply to the affairs of a private individ-
1 ual, did not receive from him that consideration
: which he would otherwise have given it. 1 will
read the language of the article:
] kk So soon as the consent of the sovereign potentate, or
i chief of some friendly nation, who shall hp cIiospii by the
> two inch contracting partie®, slmll be obtained to act as
1 arbiter m the aforesaid case of the privateer brig General
! Armstrong, cop-*;. of all correj>pond< nee w Such has parsed,
in reference to the said claim, between tli^ two Govern-
ment" and their respective repieseniatives, shall be laid he-
loie the arbiter, to 'whose decision Hie uv<> ingli contracting
parties hereby bind themselves to .submit."
I cannot understand that this is more than a
stipulation that the correspondence between the
two Governments shall be produced. 1 cannot
sanction the idea that, in defiance of what is the
only principle of justice for all purposes, whether
between nations or individuals, that the party has
a right to be heard before a decision is made
against him, this article excludes his right to be
heard, or even the right to adduce testimony
beyond this correspondence. When an aignment
in support of the claim was presented by the sole
party in interest to the agent of his own Govern-
ment, a refusal to present it to the arbiter was
given, on the ground of the treaty not allowing u.
In this case, if we examine the facts, we find that
the decision is manifestly—I had almost said atro-
ciously—wrong on the part of the arbitrating
Power. In view of all the circumstances, 1 must
impute that erroneous decision to the neglect on
the part of the Government in letting the case be
properly presented before the arbitrator.
I hold to the responsibility of the Government,
therefore, but not on the ground imputed to me by
the honorable Senator from Ohio, that in every
case of slight mistake, of difference of opinion as
to whether one course or another, or one argu-
ment or another would have been more advisable
in sustaining the claim of an American citizen on
a foreign Government: not on any ground like
that do I place the liability of our Government in
this case; but on the ground that there was here—
and every lawyer understands the term—a plain
mistake in law, a gross mistake in law. In conse-
quence of this mistake, the great principle of justice,
that every jiarty shall be heard, was refused in this
case, when the claimant's rights alone were under
arbitrament. It is on that ground of gross mis-
take in law, which deprived him of the highest
right of man, to which he should be always en-
titled in transactions of this kind, that my opinion
in favor of this claim is founded.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I am strongly in-
clined to vote for this bill; and I rise for the pur-
pose of throwing out a few suggestions in support
