782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lion of the sum mentioned in the amendment,
•which wiii equalize the condition of all these pri-
vateer pensioners. Those who have not received
pensions up to January, 1853, will, if this amend-
ment beadppted, receive them, and be put upon
the same footing as the others. But it is not
xeeommended to the Senate to continue the pay-
pent of these pensions out of the Treasury. It is
for the Senate to say whether they will reverse
the intention of Congress as declared in the acts
ef 1814 and 1818, and other acts, and pay the
pensions out of the Treasury.
■ Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, many of the
constituents of my colleague and myself are in-
terested in the amendment now before the Senate;
| feel it, therefore, to be my duty to say a word
in regard to it. The principle to be decided by the
Senate in the adoption or rejection of this amend-
ment has been correctly stated by my colleague.
It is whether the pensions of this character shall
be exclusively applied to those in the regular ser-
vice of the country, or whether they ought to be
applied to those who were engaged in the priva-
teer service during the last war with Grreat Britain ?
That is the broad question, and I want it to be
met.
By the act to which my colleague has referred,
Congress did at one time recognize the propriety
of paying them as other pensioners, and for that
purpose appropriated the sum of $18,000 beyond
the fund which was derived from their own cap-
ttures, and which my colleague has said was ex-
hausted, and to which the oiiginal pension law in
regard to them applied. Now, sir, for myself, if
we are to allow pensions to sailors who fought on
board of our men-of-war, I cannot see why those
who fought on board of private armed vessels
should not also receive pensions when they are
entitled to them for the same gallant services, and
* when they were recognized by the country at the
time they rendered them as in the service of the
country. We all know that letters of marque
were issued to the piivateers, by which their au-
thority to go abroad and fight the enemies of the
country was recognized by law; and they fought
as gallantly as any part of those who were en-
gaged in the war. No man can doubt that they
did as much injury to the enemy, and rendered
as much service to our country, as the regular
Navy did during the war of 1812. I do not see,
then, why they are not equally entitled to receive
pensions as the regular sailors in the war of 1812.
I therefore prefer the clause as it stands in the
bill, because it appropriates a larger amount.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, 1 can very
well give my vote on the issue which my friend
from Maryland, who last spoke [Mr. Pratt] has
raised; and upon the case, as he has presented it
to the Senate, I am very willing to vote with him.
But, if 1 understand this matter correctly, I think
my tiiend has not placed the issue precisely on
the strongest point. In otherwords, 1 think both
he and his distinguished colleague [Mr. Pearcf.1
labor under an error in this matter. They cer-
tainly are in error, or I am; and if I am in error
1 desire to be corrected. If I understand the
original law, it provided that a fund should be
created from the proceeds of the prizes captured
by the privateers, out of which certain pensions
were to be paid. Now, it is asserted here that
that fund has been all consumed. I do not so un-
derstand. I assert, on the contrary, that the pen-
sions paid at the Department m no year have
equaled the interest of that fund.
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senator will allow me
1 will state file authority.
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly.
Mr. PEARCE. I remember very well the ap-
propriation which was made in 184<i, for I was
then a member of this body. Certainly it would
not have been necessary to make an appropriation
out of the 1 reasury for the payment of these pen-
sions if there had been a sufficient amount to the
credit of the privateer pension fund. But here is 1
the authority. It is a letter from the Commis-
sioner of Pensions,in which,among other things,
he savs: fa '
mvnTt!'.ftfr,n!^Te s' ?si4' aPPr°Pria'«s $18,000 for the
payment (if imalid pensioner heretoforo paid from the nri
z'r'> '!ieir pe"<,o s *
ol such fumi." PP la consequence ot the exhauslion
Then he says:
30th of Juue, 1844, it will he sfeen that the privateer pension
fund was then reduced to a balance ol $74 07. This date,
therefore, may be assumed as that of the exhaustion of the
fund."
I think the only error of the statement is, that
the fund was exhausted a little sooner, because
we appropriated at that very session $18,000 to
pay these pensions, and there must have been a
cpnsiderable amount of arrearages to require that
sum.
While I am up, I will merely add, if the Sena-
tor will allow me, that the amount is small. I
think the number of privateer pensions at this
time is only about nineteen, and the amount of
pensions which they receive is very small, per-
haps something less than §2,000 or $3,000 a year.
But if Congress adopt the policy of paying these
pensions out of the Treasury, it can scarcely be
doubted that new applications for pensions will
, be filed, and that seems, at all events, to be anti-
I cipated by the head of the Bureau.
I Mr. HAMLIN. I do not now understand the
■ Senator from Maryland as meeting the statement
j which I made. It is this, and I think I am justi-
j fied in it by the facts of the case: that the dis-
I bursements will show that they were in no year
j equal to the interest upon the principal amount of
i this fund. My friend from Maryland has not
I shown, and the statement which he holds in his
1 hand cannot show, and does not show, the man-
ner in which this fund was lost. Was it loaned
by the Government? Has the Government failed
to secure those loans? Has the fund been im-
properly diverted from the purposes for which it
was originally intended ? So far as I am concerned
1 care not what became of that fund; but if the
Government has not annually paid an amount
equal to the interest of it; if it has lost it by loan-
ing if, or if Congress has appropriated it to an-
other and a different purpose than that provided
for in the original law; in either case Congress is
bound to make it good. That is the position which
1 assume, and I think the statement which the
Senator from Maryland makes fails fully to an-
swer the position which I assumed. It is: that
the fund originally created by this prize money
was to be appropriated to pay certain pensions,
and the Government has never paid annually the
amount it was thus obliged to pay, because the
interest was to be applied to this object.
A few years ago 1 had a critical knowledge of
this matter, but it has escaped me at this time-
and inasmuch as the Committee on Finance re-
ported this bill originally, without recommending
the striking out of this clause, I did not make
that investigation into it which I otherwise should
have done. If they had at first reported the bill,
with the recommendation to strike out this clause,
I should have endeavored to have before me full
and accurate information, and I think it would
sustain me in the position which I take. But they
did not do so, and now we are met with this
amendment, 1 must confess, somewhat to mv
surprise. 3
1 am willing to vote for this clause as it came
from the House, for the reason which has been so
well stated by the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. |
Pratt.] The services which these men rendered
to their country, I think, were ample and adequate !
to entitle them to pensions, if they weie iniuied 1
in that service. _ But I think, above and beyond
all that, there is an obligation res tine upon us
which demands that we shall continue these pen-
sions until we can see, m figures, precisely the
' y "? which the fund has been distributed- be-
cause if It were a fund taken from what belonged
to those captors at a certain period of time, and
under a provision of law, that it was to constitute
a fund out of which the interest was to be paid to
these invalids, then, if we have disbursed it in ■
i phLT7' We thave trea;ed these individuals differ- !
I1 the^ii-n°m-W^hat was the actual agreement under
H think ZTll°- ^ " e'thel" 0f these views>
i ■? ' "J thls resPect. should stand pre-
cisely as it came from the House. '
| Mr, PEARCE. Mr. President, we have no >
: knowledge of any waste of this fund by the Gov- ,
; I never heard of its being invested in
any funds which have been lost. It has been ex-
. haust,*01 just as other funds have been exhausted.
i Mr. HAMLliN. How exhausted ?
; • M!V RC?'. ' ®uPPose the Senator imag-
I ines that the original law provided that only the
interest of the fund should be applied to the pay-
March 29,
merit of the pensions. If that is what he means
he is mistaken. I have the, law before me. It
provides: " The moneys arising therefrom"—that
is, two per cent, of the salvage or recaptures, and
of the prizes for captures—"shall be held, and
hereby is pledged by the Government of the
United States, as a fund for thesupport and main-
tenance of the widows and orphans of such per-
sons as may be slain; and for the support and
maintenance of such persons as may be wounded
and disabled on board of the private armed ves-
sels of the United States," &c. That is, the
whole fund was pledged, and not merely the in-
terest. I have no doubt that the interest was not
sufficient to pay the pensions, but that they were
paid out of the principal. Unquestionably the
fund could not have been exhausted except in that
way. We know very well that the Kavy pen-
sion fund was exhausted in that way, and so was
the privateer pension fund. If the Government
is responsible for the consumption of the fund by
the use of it in paying pensions which were
granted under the law, it is one thing; but there is
no evidence, and I do not believe any evidence
can be produced to show that there has been a loss
of the fund by bad investments, or a wasting of
it by any improper use. I think it has been
consumed by its use, by the application of it to
the purposes for which it was pledged. I do not
mean to contest this matter at all. I leave it to the
sense of the Senate to say whether it is proper
that these pensions should be paid out of the
Treasury or not; but I wish it to be understood
that the Committee on Finance have made this
recommendation in pursuance of their duty, which
is to recommend appropriations according to ex-
isting laws.
Mr. HAMLIN. I did not understand that the
original law provided that no more than the inter-
est should be paid; but what I stated was this,
that the facts at the Department would show that
a sum not equal to the interest had been paid, and
if that be true, I want to know where the original
fund is?
Mr. PEARCE. I think the reverse will be
shown by reference to the documents.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, if it can be
established that the Government has moneys in
its hands belonging to the privateer pension fund
which it ought justly to pay, I have no doubt the
amendment of the Committee on Finance ought
to be rejected. Whatever we are properly respon-
sible for to that fund ought to be distributed for
the payment of these pensions. 1 cannot, how-
ever, bring myself to support the opinions or the
doctrines asserted by my honorable friend from
Maryland [Mr. Pratt] in reference to the priva-
teer system. I do not mean to deny thaf, during
our last war with Great Britain there were gallant
actions performed by privateers; but I think the
general sentiment of the countiy is against it, and
I should certainly hesitate to place the privateers
of the country on a footing with the regular forces
of the country, as it regards either the honor or
character of the nation, or the luster which was
thrown upon that character by the deeds of our
seamen. ^ Sir, the principle of privateering is
I ,0l!nc)ed in public plunder and private plunder.
It is a false principle as applied 'to a commercial
nation, such as the United Slates. It is a false
principle tested by the rules of humanity. It is
one which our Government has repeatedly strug-
gled to get abolished by the insertion of such
provisions in our treaties with other nations as
would prevent it in future wars. '
What is the principle, what is the object of pri-
vateering, but to take out of the hands of Govern-
ment the conduct of the war, and to give to indi-
viduals, who choose to fit out privateers for mere
greedy gam, the right to war on their fellow-men,
for private purposes and private plunder alone?
-that is the only basis on which the system of
privateering stands. 1 think, if you take the gen-
eral opinion of educated men in reference to the
policy of nations who desire to avert the horrors
of war, you will find that they will demand that
the system of private war should be altogether
abandoned. Most ceitamly in a highly commer-
cial nation, such as the American nation is, it is
a practice which ought not to be countenanced,
lhere is no gentleman here who does not know
that no war has ever yet occurred in which pri-
vateering has been extensively carried on that has
not ended m piracy.
