1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1493
of my views. I believe the argument in opposition
to the bill, on the ground of obligation, is sound;
except, perhaps, the exception taken by the hon-
orable Senator from Delaware, who spoke last,
[Mr. Bayard,] in regard to the omission or neglect
of the Government in not permitting the parties
to be heard, or in not providing that they should
be heard before the arbitrator. I am not sure that
some neglect may not be fairly attributed to the
Government on that ground; but that is not the
principle on which I base my support of this
claim.
I think the argument against the obligation of
the Government to pay the claim is complete and
sound; butthis case is oneof peculiar features, and
it seems to me, in some other respects, it has pecu-
liar grounds for allowance on the part of the Gov-
ernment. I do not mean to go into any argument
a-s fo the system of privateering; but I will merely
suggest, that in thecaseof any contingency hkeiy
to arise early in this Government with powerful
maritime nations, such as France or England, or
both united, I am not certain that it would be good .
policy in us to abandon this right arm of our de- j
fense; atleaat for many years after we shall engage ■
in a war, if such an event shall unfortunately '
happen.
Well, sir, there is not a pretense that the resist- !
ance offered by the brave commander of this pri- '
vateer and his gallantseamenattheport of Fayal, j
was made upon any mercenary motive whatever. !
They could scarcely have any hope of ultimate 1
success. What could have animated them, under ;
the circumstances, but the sense of pride, and i
chivalry, and bravery, which should always actu- i
ate the commander and seamen of an American I
private or public armed ship? According to the'
Jaw of nations, they had a right to carry on pri-
vate war, but they were also placed in such cir-
cumstances as required of them to exhibit that ,
degree of gallantry and chivalry which would
show that the (Jnited States of America could con- i
tend successfully against the extraordinary supe-
riority of the British power, especially oil the
ocean.
The Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] ,
has thrown out some suggestions in regard to the ,
possible accretion of force which was intended to ;
oe acquired for the attack in New Orleans, by the '
violation of neutral rights in this transaction. I :
leave that entirely out of view, and I look to the
extraordinary gallantry and daring that these men
displayed, without hope on their part of making
any prize, and in a contest the inevitable result of '
which they must have known, particularly when J
they found they would not be protected by the !
guns of the neutral Power in whose port they ;
were anchored. It is an exhibition which I re- j
gard as extraordinary, if the facts stated in the
report be true, and I believe they have not been I
denied.
Mr. CLAYTON. No one ever doubted them, j
Mr. BELL. Sir, it cannot often happen that 1
neutral rights will be invaded in the d nng man- :
ner in which they were invaded on this occasion;
but they are liable, it is true, to be so invaded ;
whenever an inferior maritime Power is engaged
in war with a domineering, arbitrary Power, such
as Great Britain, who feels the consciousness of
her superiority on the sea. Sir, 1 look at the
spirit, the noble gallantry and daring displayed on
this occasion, to the total exclusion of any idea
of mercenary results; for there could have been
no expectation of making a prize of an enemy's
ship, either a war vessel or a merchantman^!
Our men stood upon their ov/n defense, and ex-
hibited a daring and bravery seldom equaled in
the course of that, or any war, which ever took
place. Then i say this is not likely to be a pre- 1
cedent. I am not disposed to put the case on the
ground of obligation; but as this is not likely to
be drawn into a precedent, aiqd a8 it is not likely
that it will lead to any drafts on the Treasury of
the United States, 1 am inclined to vote for the
bill.
Then, Mr. President, I want to know—although
there is no strict obligation on the part of tins •
Government to vote this appropriation under the ;
circumstances—may wenot consistently and prop-
erly do it? Why, sir, on what principle do we
grant numerous pensions and bounties? Hun-
dreds of thousands of acres of the public lands
have been granted in bounties to men who never
heard an enemy's gun. Take the late war with
Mexico. To troops who were merely mustered
into the service, or accepted—volunteers, and
others—we have granted bounties. They per-
formed no service; but, merely because they were
accepted into the service of the United States, we
made the grant. On what principle have you
granted bounty lands or pay to them? There was
no obligation, for they did not serve; they were
only prepared to serve. What is the difference
in principle between that case and this? Here is
the same principle; and "here is an extraordinary
and noble example and exhibition of gallantry
under peculiar circumstances; and when you
know you huve voted to volunteers hundreds of
thousands of dollars, or, what is equivalent to
them, bounties in land, and that for a war in
which a large portion of those volunteers did no
service—on that principle, as the Senator from
Delaware has said, on a principle of State policy,
as an encouragement to gallant conduct, as a gra-
tuity, as a bounty to stand upon the records of
the Government of the United States, given under
such circumstances, how can you refuse this1^
That is the query 1 make.
I concede the correctness of the argument of
gentlemen against the bill on the ground of obli-
gation; but [ consider that we are under just as
much obligation to pass it as we were to grant
gratuities of hundreds of thousands of dollars'
worth of property, as has recently been done with-
out any opposition being made to it. It cannot
be drawn into a precedent. It can form no great
draft on the Treasury; and I tliink, under the cir-
cumstances-, it will be an acknowledgment of the
estimation in which the Government and thecoun-
try hold meritorious and gallant services. It is in
the exercise of the war power to encourage the
spirit of galluntry, chivalry, and devotion to the
honor, and character, and interests of the country,
in our troops and soldiers, and m our seamen and
marines, m time of war. I know honorable gen-
tlemen cannot justify the extraordinary pension
system which we have reared up in this country
without any previous obligation, except on that
principle for which I contend. On an occasion of
this kind, when it is not likely to be drawn into n
precedent, or form any great draft on the Treasury
at any time, why may you not, in the same spirit,
in the exercise of the same privilege, under the
grant of the war power in the Constitution, vote :
in favor of this claim? That is my inclination,
feeling, and sympathy, without disputing at all
the correctness of the argument of the Senators
who have said that we are under no strict obliga- j
tion to pay it.
Mr. MALLORY. Thehonorable Senator from
Tennessee hasalluded to the encouragement which
the payment of this claim will give to the gallantry
and bravery of the seamen. I ask him, for inform- i
ation sirrtply, whether the seamen who fought ;
the battle on board the General Armstrong will ;
receive any money under this bill? ;
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes, sir. |
Mr. BELL. I do not know anything about it. '
I have read the report of the state of the caue .
merely. ' ;
Mr. SLiDFLL. It is forthe officers and crew. ;
Mr. MALLORY. Are they mentioned ? I
Mr. SL1DELL. Yes, sir. _ ,
Mr. CLAY. 1 understand there is   letter of ■
the Secretary of State, Mr. Marcy,on file, on this ,
subject. I should like to hear it read,and I should j
like to ask a question for information; for I do not
rise to make a speech. I want information to di-
rect my vote. According to the renagfeks of the
honorableSenatorfrom New York, [IVB\ Sk ward]
all the advocates of the bill, if he presented cor-
rect! y the positions assumed by them, concede
that there is no obligation on the part of the Gov-
ernment to pay the claim. He said that it was
admitted, as I understood him, that the Govern-
ment was not bound to pay it, but that it was
right to do so? I should like him to explain to
me what that means; tor 1 confess I do not com-
prehend its force. I have always supposed that
right and obligation were reciprocal; and if the
party had a right to make this claim, the Govern-
ment was bound to pay it. But the Senator has
refined in ethics or law beyond my comprehension,
by saying that we were not bound to pay it, but
it was right to do so.
Mr. SEWARD. I think I can satisfy my
honorable fiiend. There was once a trial before 1
a court in Ohio, when it was a new State. The
plaintiff made out his case, which was a claim for
a considerable amount of money. After the plain-
tiff's proof had been given in, the judge said to
the defendant's counsel: "This seems to be all
right; shall we order a verdict?" ** No, if your
honor pleases; I have a defense to make*" " Oh!
you have a defense; what is it? Let us hesr it."
" Well,"said thecounsel," if your honor pleases,
our defense is, that the defendant was a minor
when this account was rendered." <fThat is
your defense, is it?" said the judge, "that the
defendant was a minor—an infant?" " Yes, and
I believe," said the counsel, that that is a good
defense in this court, is it not?" "Oh, yes,"
said the judge; " I think it is a good defense; but
I must say, at the same time, that it is a very
mean one." [Laughter.] So, if the honorable
Senator had my note, which was given six years
ago, I might plead the statute of limitations.
Then 1 would not be bound to pay it; but still I
should have a right to do so, mul it would be
right for me to do it. Arful so I think with regard
to this. Whatever it is right for a man to do, he
should do, whether he is legally bound to do the
right or not.
There is a moral right and a moral obligation
resting on the Government to pay, at least to the
amount of indemnification, for extraordinary ser-
vices performed,and extraordinary lossesmcurred,
in the defense of the country, at extraordinary
risks, and with extraordinary sacrifices. I know
no other reason upon which I could ever have
voted for the bounty land bills, for which I have
voted, to give extra compensation to all the sol-
diers of the last war with Great Britain, to all the
soldiers of the Mexican war, and to all the soldiers
of ail former wars. I was under no legal obliga-
tion, Congress was under no obligation to do it;
but 1 had a right to do that which was equitably
and morally just. Now, I do not know any rea-
son why we should pension officers and soldiers ©f
the Army over and above paying them in full of
their compensation, and give them bounty lands
besides; and when a privateer, consisting of officers
and crew, as brave and true, and patriotic as any
others, come here and represent to us that they
were ruined in the most gallant naval exploit of
the whole war, say that we are under no obliga-
tion to pay them forthe losses they sustained.
Mr. CLAY. I now understand what the hon-
orable Senator meant; and I discover, as I sup-
posed from the beginning, that my embarrassment
resulted from a misapplication of words. He
meant to say, as I suppose, that the party had
not a legal right—that is, a right existing by virtue
of public law, or by treaty, or by constitutional
law—but a moral right; and that there was a
moral obligation on the part of the Government
to pay, but no legal obligation, in the common
acceptation of the word " legal." I wish to know
if that is the position assumed by the other advo-
cates of this bill?
Mr. SL1DKLL Most assuredly not. If my
friend fiom Alabama hud read the report of the-
Committee on Foreign Relations, (which, I now
repeat, was a unanimous report, made after very
full investigation of the subject, and very mature
reflection upon it, and after various consultations,)
he would have seen that they considered that on
grounds of right — I am not speaking of ai?y
appeal to the generosity of Congress—there was a
legal obligation existing on the part of the United
States to compensate these men for the losses they
sustained by the destruction of the privateer Gen-
eral Armstrong. In addition to that, the Senator
from New Y-ork, with great force, and with great
truth, h^s urged grounds appealing to our equita-
ble considerations.
Gentlemen may very well vote for the bill on
either principle. I can vote for it on both. I
think it is one of the most meritorious claims that
ever has presented itself to Congress. I think it
appeals more strongly to the chivalry of the na-
tion, to the generosity of Congress, than almost
any other I have ever heard made. But putting
that aside entirely, I can vote for it on purely legal
grounds. I think the course of conduct of the
Governmentof the United States has been such as
as to substitute itself for the Government of Por-
tugal, to place it in exactly the same position
towards the claimants of the brig General Arm-
strong which the Government or Portugal was
in before the rendition of the arbitral decision by
the Emperor of Francs; and it is fully bound to
