1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
783
Sir, a line of discrimination between the two is
very slight. The man who, under private author-
ity from the Government, goes out for the purpose
of plundering, for private benefit, the individual
property of individual citizens of the enemy, will
hardly, in the result, produce a more moral effect
than the man who goes out for the purpose of
private plunder, without the authority of the Gov-
ernment. My own convictions on this subject
are so strong, and I am so strongly satisfied as to
the impropriety of the system of privateering, as
connected with any principle of humanity, and
of the impolicy of a commercial nation like the
United States recognizing the right of private war
during the existence of public hostilities, that I
shall never vote for placing those who have gone
into the privateering system upon the same footing
with those who have enlisted in the regular service.
Again, there is another objection to the system
of privateering. During the war, individuals,
under the hope of gain, fit out privateers, and they
give an exorbitant amount to the seamen whom
they thus engage; they thus prevent the regular
Navy from being furnished with seamen, and crip-
ple the Government in the prosecution of a public
war while that system obtains.
I have seen recently, I think in the papers of
to-day, that a proposition has been presented to
the Parliament of Great Britain, that Great Britain
and France shall declare privateering to be piracy
under the laws of nations, and that they shall
hang any seamen or officers caOght on board a
Russian privateer in the event of a war with Rus-
sia.
Sir, that is advancing the laws of nations in rather
a summary manner; I believe without any pre-
vious tieaty. It certainly is changing them;but it
is a change which I consider desirable, and which
I am sure the policy of this country, the laws of
humanity and general morals require, in reference
to future wars; though I admit the change must
be made by treaty or by the common consent of
natiogg. Everything tending to discountenance
the system of privateering will always meet my
approbation, and 1 shall always endeavor to sus-
tain any principle which will have that effect. I
cannot, therefore, consent, no matter how gallant
may have been the men who fought on board pri-
vateers, to place them on the same footing with
the officers in your regular Navy, engaged in the
public service of the country, and performing that
service with a view to the honor and character of
the country. I cannot put them in the same con-
dition with those who were in the employment of
private individuals, whose great object was private
plunder from the citizens of the public enemy, with
a view to their own gain. There is an essential
difference in the two modes of carrying on war.
My opposition to the principle of privateering is
so strong, and my conviction of the impolicy of a
great commercial nation recognizing the principle
in any mode is so strong, that I cannot bring my-
self to vote for any provision which shall tend to
sanction it.
Entertaining these views as to the whole system,
believing that it would be wise for this Govern-
ment if it could by treaty, or by the common con-
sent of nations, to abandon it completely, for all
future time, I am unwilling to recognize the pro-
priety of the system even in past time beyond the
legal liabilities of the Government in reference to
it. 1 admit, that if there are legal liabilities arising
from a fund which has come into the possession
of the Government to be administered, under pre-
vious legislation, to that extent we are bound to
go, but beyond it I am unwilling to go.
Mr. PRATT. I certainly do not feel disposed
to discuss the abstract question of morality or
right which my friend from Delaware has discussed
before tth Senate. It is a question which this
Government has already settled. It is not an ori-
ginal question. "We are not to decide upon the
policy of employing such persons in the service of
the Government; but it is a question which is set-
tled by the Government itself, in the declaration
of war in 1812. Allow me, sir, to read that dec-
iaration:
"Be it enaet.eelhyHieSe.vate and House of Rep esentutires
of the United States of America in Confess ustemhled,
That war be, anil the same is hereby, declared to exist be-
tween the United Kingdom of Great Rritani and Ireland,
and the dependencies thereof, and the United States of
America and Ihrir Territories ; and that the President ot
the United .States is lierehv authorized to use the whole
land and naval force of the United States to carry the same
into etject,and to issue to pntate armed vessels of the Uni-
! ted States commissions, or letters of marque and general le-
i prisal, in such form as he shall think proper, and under the
seal of the United States, against the vessels, goods, and
effects of the Government of the said Kingdom ot (ireat
Britain and Ireland, and the subjects thereof.
Approved, June 18,1812."
Of course my honorable friend cannot deny that
this law was passed; but I apprehend it takes
from his argument the only ground on which it
rests. That ground was the immorality and im-
policy of employing these persons. Now, I show
that the parties who ask for the continuance of
these pensions are not persons asking to be em-
ployed, but persons who were employed, and to
whom commissions were issued under the act
declaring war with Great Britain, who were au-
thorized to go upon the high seas, under the broad
seal of the United States, for the purpose of
making captures; and, therefore, we now have
nothing to do either with the policy or morality of
their original employment. They were employed
by our predecessors, and the question now is,
having been so employed, whether they are not
entitled to receive the same pay as others who
fought the common enemy?
Mr. President, what is the result of that employ-
ment? I understand that the effect of the employ-
ment of private armed vessels under this authority '
was this: Two per cent, of the amount captured
by the privateers was set apart for the purpose of
paying pensions to the widows of those who
might be killed in battle, and for the support of
those who might be wounded. There was, besides
this, paid into the Treasury, (as I am informed
upon the statement of a gentleman known person-
ally to the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Everett,] and in regard to whose
character, and the correctness of the statement
that Senator will vouch,) the sum of $3,000,000
derived by the gallant conduct of these men, the
survivors of whom now come here and,ask for
this pittance. You have received, and not ap-
propriated to any particular purpose, but for the
general emolument of the Government, from the
portion of the prizes which went under the gen-
eral law to the Government of the United States,
the sum of ^3,000,000. That amount has gone
into your Treasuiy, and you have used it for the
common purposes of the country.
I understand, further, that of this two per cent,
the original amount placed in the Treasury was
§213,513, and that in 1820, some six years after
the war, there remained in the Treasury unex-
hausted $197,134 of the two per centum.
My distinguished colleague [Mr. Pearce] has
stated to the Senate, upon the authority to which
he has referred, that the fund has been exhausted.
How has it been exhausted? Bear in mind that
this Government not only received the two per
centum, but also received $3,000,000 for its pro-
portion of the prize money; and it has appro-
priated these §213,513 by paying the pensions
annually, and charging the payments to the prin-
cipal of the fund, when the Government has per-
haps loaned out the money, as it did at one
time, by buying bonds for certain purposes in the
States, which 1 understand was the fact. But if
that is not so, we all know that, since the war,
the Government has had occasion to use, and has
used, all the money in the Tieasury. Then, I
say, the Government has used this fund, and
should at least have given these pensioners credit
for the interest upon the sum used. Now I un-
dertake to say that if an interest account he stated
by which we give these pensioners of 1814 credit
for §213,513, which in 1820 amounted to $197,134,
and if you chaige them with all the pensions which
have been paid since 1820, and give them credit
for the interest on the principal of the fund, you
will find thatthe Government is largely indebted to
them. Then, i ask, in equity and justice, whether
they ought not to be paid >
I do not desire to discuss, though I think, if we
were now about to enter upon a war, it would be
very well worthy of discussion, whether it would
be politic and humane on our part to employ this
arm of defense in the service of the country. That
might be a question then, but it is not a question
for discussion here and now. We, under the act
declaring war with Great Britain, invited them to
come. We told them that we would issue to them
commissions of the Government. Those com-
missions wet e issued, and the individuals were en-
gaged in the regular service of the country. Their
prizes were divided, as were the prizes of the
Navy, between the officers and seamen who took
the prizes on the one hand, and the Government
on the other, the Government receiving$3,000,000
from them.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not consider the ques-
tion simply an abstract one. I admit that the
Government, during the last . war with Great
Britain, authorized privateers. No one doubts
that commissions were issued to privateersmen;
and I said expressly that, to the extent of the
agreement of the Government with these private
plunderers, I was willing to be bound. The
Government sanctioned then what I consider to
be contrary to the laws of humanity—what it has
repeatedly tried to get rid of since by its treaties
with other nations. To the extent to which our
engagements go, I am willing to go; but 1 am not
willing to step one particle beyond that to sanc-
tion what is called the gallant conduct of those
men who were engaged in privateering. Sir, I
admit that there were individual exceptions of
gallantry on the part of our privateers; and pro-
bably those who were the most gallant were the
ones who poured least money, into the Treasury.1
But I am unable to appreciate the gallantry of a
man, who, in the command of a privateer, shuns
the enemy's frigate or sloop-of-war, which is
their general rule, and will plunder a merchant
vessel of the private property of the individual
citizens of a foreign enemy, where there is no
chance of resistance, and no possibility of danger.
I have no faith in the feeling or the spirit in gen-'
eral—I admit there are exceptions—of those who -*
embark on board privateers. I think the line
where that differs from common plundering on the
ocean, is, that the one is a legal system of piracy,
and the other is illegal, and the party is liable to
be hung as a pirate, m case he is taken. 1 cannot
draw any other distinction between them. The
motive is gain in both cases; mere private plun-
der. The object of the privateer is always to
avoid a contest with an equal force, or any force,
unless he can obtain plunder, and will run the
risk pf hazard in obtaining it. If they can plun-
der private merchantmen without any resistance,
that is always their object.
The system is demoralizing to the commander
of the vessel; it is demoralizing to the owner of
the vessel. 1 protest against such a system,
though it was formerly adopted, as were many
other things ill the laws and practices of nations,
which have since been abandoned. I admit that
it was adopted in 1812, and I am perfectly willing
to carry out the obligations which the Govern-
ment has assumed; but my remarks were to show
that 1 did not mean to go beyond that.
Now, what were the obligations which the
Government assumed towards them in 1812 ?
They were, that a certain fund, which these per-
sons themselves created, should be held by the
Government, and distributed for the purpose of
paying them pensions. Did Congress put them
on a footing with the Navy > No, sir; the provi-
sion as to the Navy was, that they should be paid
out of the Treasury generally; but the provision
as to privateers was that they should be paid out
of a particular fund, and out of no other fund.
That is the extent of our engagements, and that
fund, too, was to be created by themselves. If
you will show me, not on loose calculations here,
but by obtaining the requisite information from
theDepartment, that the Government has still that
fund in its possession, and has misused it, I am
willing to replace it, and pay the pensions out of
the Treasury, so far as that misuse goes; but I
am not willing now, with my views of the sys-
tem of privateering, to go one iota beyond the
. strict engagements of the Government to these
privateersmen at the time war was declared.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have a vote
upon this amendment. There are several others
yet to be offered by the Committee on Finance.
The question has been discussed pro and con,
and I hope we shall have a vote upon this amend-
ment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope we may have a vote;
but still, as this amendment has come upon us
with so much surprise, I hope the chairman of the
committee will not press us to a vote while there
is anything to be said in favor of retaining the
clause in the bill as it came from the House.
Mr. HUNTER. I will suggest to the Senator
that it ought not to be a matter of surprise; be-
