1494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
pay the whole amount of the loss sustained by the
claimants.
Having lost their recourse to the Government
of Portugal by what I conceive to be, if not the
illegal, at least the very injudicious act of the
Government of the United States, I think they
anpeal now to Congress on legal grounds which,
to my mind, are impregnable. I regret that I can-
not convey the same conviction to the minds of
honorable Senators. I can vote for the bill on
both grounds mentioned. Stripped of all legal
grounds, I could vote for it on the ground of a
compensation for the gallant men who served
their country.
Mr. SEWARD. I ought, perhaps, to explain
to the honorable Senator that I forbore entering
into the other views of the case because they were
entered into fully by other honorable gentlemen.
1 stated that there were other views which pre-
sented themselves to my consideration; but I
agreed with those gentlemen in the grounds they
took.
Mr. CLAY. Now, I should like to have the
. letter of Mr. Marcy on this subject read. I un-
derstand it is here.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Department of State, >
Washington, February 11, j854. )
Sir: Your letter of the 7th instant, requesting that the
Committee on Foreign Relations may be furrus-hed with
any evidence on file in this Department going to show that
the ca.se of the General Armstrong was referred to the arbi
trament of the President of the French Republic, either
against or without the consent of the claimants, together
with any sugges-iion which I may think proper to make in
relation to the justice of the chum, or the propriety of its
being allowed, been received.
From an examination of the. files of the Department, it
appears thai, pending the negotiations which terminated in
the convention with Portugal of 1851, two letters were ad-
dressed to the Secretary of Stale on the subject of the ret-
eience of the Armstrong claim to the arbitration of a third
Power, one dated August 25, 1850, by S. 0. fteid, " late
commander of the privateer General Arnti^tron^," and the
other dated September 5, 1850, by S. C. Iieul. jr., "sole
and only authorized agent of the claimants" in the case.
Copies of these letters, and of the replies thereto, are here-
wuli inclosed.
There rtre several other letters from the last-named gen-
tleman, on the same subject, and ol MibMcjuent date-,
among the file* of ih« Depaitmeut. from which ir would
appear that the claimants m the cum;'liari acquiesced in the
decision of thou- Government to agiec to rcter their claim
to >ubitrament. If uditleient opinion was entertained by
them, it w, at least, certain that their authorized agent did
not, m any letters to thus Department, protect against that
decision, or intimate doubts as to its propriety or expe-
diency.
Regarding the claim above alluded to as definitely settled,
so tar an this-Depattment is concerned, by the decision of
the arbiter to whom, by mutual agreement ol the contract
i«£ parties to the convention of lfcol, it was referred, 1
conceive th.tr I cannot, without neglecting very important
and pi easting business, devote <tinicient time to theeu^e to
<-uab!e iu<; to understand nil the (acts in regard to it
i eanrict countenance the piineiple, that wheie thh Gov-
ernment it, called on by a citizen of the United .Stales to
interpose for the purpose of rccoveung eUim* ,igain*t «uiy
other Government, proeeed-j in good faith for that purpose,
and (nils m us object, or obtains what may be regarded us
an inadequate indemnity, it places ltM'Ifm a situation to be
called on to pay the claim*, or to ^nibfj the expectations of
claimants. Our Government is but an asrent hi such eases;
and unless it acts against the expressed or known wishes
of those who have invoked its interposition, it does not, as
I conceive, incur any liability whatever to the claimants
f have the honor io be, sir, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, W. L. MARCY.
Hon. j. m. Mason, Chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Rein/ions, United States Senate.
Mr, CLAYTON. 1 wish merely to make one
remark in regard to that. This acquiescence, as
it. is termed—that is to say, the not remonstrat-
ing:—occurred after the treaty was made. After
the reference, the matter had been settled and de-
cided by the Government, and it was not within
the power of the claimants to resist any longer.
The arbitration was made without their consent.
After the Senate of the United States had ratified
the treaty, and the arbitrator had been appointed,
they addressed the Department; and what they
said in the address then 1 suppose must consti-
tute the "acquiescence" from which the* infer-
ence is drawn that they accepted it. No such
conclusion, 1 think, can be drawn.
I he question being taken by yeas and nays on
ordering the hill to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, resulted—yeas 12, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS-Messrs. Atchison, Bavard, Bell, Brown, Clay-
ton, Dodge of Fowa, Foot, Gwiu, James, rettiL Seivard,
and Shdeii—-12. '
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Chase, Dawson, Dixon, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Evan*, Fosenden, Fitspamck, Gever,Gillette,
Hamlin, Pratt, 'Rockwell, Stuart, Sumner, Thompson of
Kentucky, Toombs, Toucey, Wade, Walker, and Williams
So the bill was rejected.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it ad-
journ to meet on Monday next.
ENROLLED BILLS.
A message having been heretofore received
from the House of Representatives, announcing
that the Speaker had signed a joint resolution
giving the consent of Congress to the acceptance,
by Lieutenant M. F. Maury, of the Navy, of ^
gold medal from his Majesty the King of Sweden;
also, a bill to authorize the issue of registers to
vessels owned by the Accessory Transit Com-
pany, they were signed by the President pro
tempore.
DaVID myerle.
Mr, GWIN. A bill passed the Senate some
«veeks ago for the relief of David Myerle, and
was sent to the House, but on the motion of the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,] we requested
its return to us, and a motion is now pending to
reconsider the vote by which it was passed. I hope
that motion will be considered, and the bill finally
acted upon now. This is probably^the last day
this session on which we shall act on private bills.
I therefore hope it will be taken up and voted on.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from California
will see that the Senator from Indiana, who made
the motion to reconsider, is not present.
Mr. GWIN. He made it at the request of
another Senator. He does not wish to participate
in the discussion.
Mr STUART. That is a very different state-
ment from what the Senator gave me. He stated
to me that he moved the reconsideration with a
view to oppose the bill.
Mr. GWIN. He voted for the bill,and moved
the reconsideration.
Mr. STUART. I know he did.
Mr. GWIN.* Some years ago, he made one
of the best speeches in favor of the claim that 1
ever heard; and I do not think he is a gentleman
who generally speaks on both sides. I wish to
hnve the question decided. Z wish to have the
bill sent to the House at this session. My col-
league upon the Committee on Naval Affairs, who
reported the bill, [Mr. Thomson, of New Jersey,]
who is nowabsent, requested meto call it up, and
have it acted upon. I have not a word to say
upon it. It is well known to the Senate.
Mr. STUART. 1 really hope the Senator from
California, will not press his motion in the absence
of the Senator from Indiana. 1 am certain, from
a conversation I had with him, that he desires to
say something concerning the bill.
Mr. GWIN, The Senator from Indianais not
absent from the building. I will send to his com-
mittee room for him. I move that the motion to
reconsider he taken up.
Mr- STUART. Then I shall have to move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. GWIN. I ask for the yeas and nays upon
that motion. Here is a question that has been
discussed time and again in the Senate. Reject
the bill or pass it; it is not material with me which,
i hope the yeas and nays will be given on the
adjournment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. GWIN. I call for a division then.
The q^ption being taken, it was decided in the
affirmative by a vote, on a division, of ayes 23,
noes U;
And the Senate adjourned to Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fkiday, June. 23, 1854.
Jj The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
j| by Rev. Henry Slicer.
; i The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
I| Mr. HENDRICKS. After the consideration of
j! the private bills upon the Speaker's table, I intend
|j to move to go into a Committee of the Whole
!; House on the Private Calendar. This is objec-
!; tion day, and the only private bill day upon which
j' we can do anything: to advantage.
Mr, HOUSTON. I wish to inquire of the
i! Chair if to-morrow is not objection day, and if we
cannot postpone the consideration of private bills
till then ?
The SPEAKER. The rules recognize Fridays
only as objection days.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am exceedingly anxious
to get through with the civil and diplomatic bill
this week. It being objection day, 1 shall not
object to the consideration .of private bills, but
shall try and get a meeting of the House to-mor-
row, so that we may finish the civil and diplomatic
bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that gentlemen having private
bills may report them for the purpose of refer-
ence, and if reached to-day, considered in the
Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Hendricks] proposes that reports of private
bills, such as wdl give rise to no debate, be re-
ceived now.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it intended to put the
bills so reported upon their passage to-day ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair remarked that
such bills only as gave rise to no debate would
be received.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would say to the gen-
tleman from Virginia that this is objection day,
and we cannot consider bills to which objection is
made.
BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills were then taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second times by
their title, and referred as indicated below:
An act for the relief of the heirs of Captain
Joshua Chamberlain, deceased. Referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
An act to authorize the issue of a register to the
bark Amelia, by the name of Abby Frances. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act for the relief of XJrban Stoll. Referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
An act for the relief of James Dixon. Referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. HENN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution
in reference to the establishment of some post
routes in the State of Iowa.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Koads be requested to inquire into the expediency of
establishing the following po<t roads in the Siafe of fowa :
From Dubuque, via Fort Dodge, to Sargent's Bluff?;
Fiom Adell, via Fanora and tiie county seats of Audu-
bon and Shelby counties, to Magnolia;
From Ciutncy to (.'larinda ;
Fiom Lewis to Olaimda;
From Boonsl>oro\ via I-Jonier, to Fort Dodge ;
From Boonsboro' to Adell;
From Foit l)e^ Monies to Marietta ;
From Quincy to Adair.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 object.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, it was
Ordered, That the pension certificate iri the case of
Thomas Hronaugli, on application lor increase of pension,
ho witbdi.iwn from the files of the House, for the purpose
of being returned to the petitioner.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HENDRICKS, f would inquire if all the
bills on the Speaker's table have been disposed of?
The SPEAKER. Yes; and now, by the unani-
mous order of the House, reports of a private
character, not giving rise to debate, will be received.
The Speaker then proceeded to call committees
for reports of private bills, beginning with the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported thefollowing bill; which was read
a first and second time by its title, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed:
A bill to remit the duties upon certain goods
destroyed by fire in the cities of New York and
San Francisco.
Mr. DICK. I am instructed by the Committee
for the District of Columbia to report a bill for
the incorporation of an insurance company in the
city of Washington.
J Mr. LETCHER. Is that a private bill? I
think it is not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to the report.
Mr. HAMILTON. This is a local bill, and
in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
what is in the body of the bill, if it is for the
benefit of a company, it is in order.
Mr. HAMILTON. It is for the benefit of a
company.
