1496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and was
read a third time.
It was then read by the Clerk in extenso.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
that that motion be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. NICHOLS, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported the following bill;
which was read a first and second time by its
title, as follows, referred to a Committee or the
Whole Hou*e, and ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of the inhabitants of school
township forty-five, range one, in Warren county,
Missouri.
Mr. N. also, from the same committee, reported
back bills of the following: titles; which were re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed:
H. It. No. 299. A bill for the relief of the Pine
Grove Academy, in Louisiana;
S. No. -187. "An act for the relief of Joseph
Canpan; and
S. No. 296. An act for the relief of Manuel
Hernandez.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to reconsider the
order of the House referring the bill reported by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Fenton',]
to remit duties on certain goods destroyed by fire
in the cities of New York and San Francisco, to
a Committee of the Whole House, that the bill
may be committed to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. It is a bill of a public
-and very important nature. It has heretofore
been referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the Btate of the Union, and ought now to take the
same direction.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will rule, accord- t
ing to the order of the House, which was unani-
mounly made, that if the motion to reconsider give
rise to debute, it must lie over until another time.
Severn! members proposed to debate it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to all further
debate.
Mr. MILLSON. I should have objected in
time, had 1 known what the bill was.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
will be entered; if must lie over for the present.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 do not know that it comes
within the order by which the House allowed pri-
vate bills to be reported.
The SPEAKER. The bill having been dis-
posed of under the order of the House, the Chair
thinks that it can only be reached by reconsidera-
tion. The motion to reconsider will be entered,
and may be called up to-morrow, or any other
time except the present.
Mr. FENTON. I reported the bill under the
impression that it was merely of a private char-
acter. i am still of the same impression.
The motion to reconsider was entered on the
Journal.
Mr. MAXWELL, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported adversely on the petition of
Simeon Buckre; which was laid upon the table.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back bills of the fol-
lowing titles, with the recommendation that they
do pass; which were referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed:
S. No. 170. An act for the relief of Helen
Mackay, administratrix of Lieutenant Colonel
Eneas Mackay, late a deputy quartermaster in
the United States Army;
S. No. 189. An act for the relief of Mrs. Celia
F. B. Cochrane, widow of the late Lieutenant
Colonel C- E. Cochrane, United States Army;and
S. No 206 An act for the relief of the execu-
trix of the lare Brevet Colonel A. C. W. Fanning,
of the Army of the United States.
No. 250. An act for the relief of William Claude
Jones; and
No. 285. An act for the relief of the heirs of
Brigadier General Richard B. Mason.
On motion by Mr. FAULKNER, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs were discharged from
the further consideration of the memorial of the
Legislative Council of New Mexico, asking the
reestablish ment of Fort Atchison; and h was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ETHERIDGE, from the Committee on
Military Affairs,reported thefoilowingbill; which
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed:
A bill to amend an act entitled " An act to pro-
vide for the paymentof horses and other property
lost or destioyed in the military service of the
United States," approved March 3, 1^49.
Mr. L1NDLEY. I desire to put the bill just
reported upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already an-
nounced its reference. By unanimous consent
the bill will be put upon its passage.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Unanimous consent is
not given.
Mr. FAULKNER. I would inquire whether
the proper destination of that bill is not the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The Chair had doubts as
to whether it would properly come under the head
of private b^js.
Mr. PHELPS. An improper direction has
been given to this bill, and 1 move to reconsider
the vote by which it was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent the
bill may be returned to the committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 think the proper
direction would be to refer it to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and have it
printed, so that we may see what it is.
The SPEAKER. The bill was received and re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House. .Some
gentlemen propose to return the bill to the com-
mittee that reported it, upon the ground that it is
not a private bill. Others suggest, that it should
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and that it be printed. Is it
the pleasure of the House that the bill be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on thestate of the
Union?
Mr. COBB. I object to that reference.
The SPEAKER. Then it can be reached only
by reconsideration.
Mr. ETHERIDQE. I know nothing myself
about the bill, as it is one which 1 reported at the
instance of Colonel Dispell, and which he handed
to me before he fell sick. As he is now unable to
be in his seat, and as, pet haps, in view of some
suggestions made by the friends of the bill, it would
be better to have it re-referred to the committee, I
ask the unanimous consent of the House, there-
fore, to have it so returned.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr ZOLLICOFFER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs to report back the
following bill from the Senate, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass:
A bill for the relief of Joshua Gonder, jr., and
John Duff.
Mr. FLORENCE. This bill involves merely
a question of equity. I hope, therefore, it will be
now put upon its passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. It in-
volves the question of non-compliance with a con-
tract.
Mr. FLORENCE. I beg pardon, but the cir-
cumstance is a simple one.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The bill was referred to a Committee-of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DISNEY. On behalf of the Committee on
Public Lands, I desire to ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up a bill, which has been
returned from the Senate with an amendment, for
the purpose of having- it disposed of.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That would be a devia-
tion from the rnle; and I object to it.
Mr. DISNEY. It is merely a land bill in rela-
tion to the Territory of Oregon.
The SPEAKER. It is objected to by the gen-
tleman from Indiana; and the bill cannot now be
taken up.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. In the ab-
sence of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Keitt,] who a few days ago presented a minor-
ity report from the select committee, I yester-
day made a motion to reconsider the vote by
which that report was ordered to be printed and
referred to the Committee of the Whole. My
purpose in making that motion was simply to
afford, the honorable gentleman an opportunity of
withdrawing a paper which he had filed and made
part of the report inadvertently. I understand
that he desires to withdraw the paper in question;
and if unanimous consent be given to him for that
purpose, I will withdraw my motion to, recon-
sider.
There being no objection, the gentleman from
South Carolina was allowed to withdraw the
paper referred to.
Mr. STANTON. Then I ask to withdraw my
motion to reconsider the vote by which that mi-
nority report was referred.
There being no objection, the motion to recon-
sider was withdrawn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, reported the fol-
lowing bill; which was read a first and second
time by us title, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed:
A bi!l for the relief of Rebecca Baggerly, widow
of David Baggerly, deceased.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, the following Senate bill; which was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House,and ordered
to be printed:
S. No. 108. A bill for the relief of Rebecca
Freeman.
Mr. CHURCHWELL, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions, reported back, with a
recommendation that they do pass, the following
Senate bills; which were referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed:
S. No. 241. A bill for the lelief of James
Wormsley.
S. No. 223. An act for the relief of Mary Carl-
ton; and
S. No. 340. An act for the relief of Sarah Cran-
dall.
Mr. C. also, from the same committee, reported
the following bills; which were read a first and
second time by their respective titles, referred as
indicated below, and ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Lieutenant Francis Ware. Refeired to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
A bill m addition to an act entitled " An act to
continue half pay to certain widows and orphans."
Referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
A bill for an act in addition to certain acts
granting bounty land to certain officers and sol-
diers who have been engaged in the military ser-
vice of the United States. Referred to the Com-
i. mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
| Mr. ROWE, from the Committee on Revolu-
| tionary Pensions, made an adverse report upon
i the petition and papers of Mary Boyd, asking a
j pension as the widow of John Boyd, u revolu-
i tionary soldier; which, with the report, was or-
! dered to lie on the table, and printed,
j Mr EDMUNDSON, from the Committee on
j Revolutionary Pensions, reported the' following
j bill; which was read a first and second time by us
| title, referred to a Committeeof the Whole House,
! and ordered to be printed:
j A bill for the relief of James Capers.
i Mr. E. also, from the same committee, made
! adverse reports in the following cases; which were
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed:
The petition of Martha Scott, widow of Samuel
Scott;
The petition of Samuel Ross, of Ohio; and
The petition of the children of Robert McNeil
and Sarah his wife.
On motion by Mr, EDMUNDSON, it was also
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be dijjcharced from the further consideration of the petition
of Julian Belenger's hens, praying for bounty land under
resolution of Congress of August 14, 1776, and resolution
of May 15. 1778, and that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. MIDDLESWARTH, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be discharged from tiie further consideration of the petition
of John Sherburn, heir of Sherburn Horton,of Portsmouth,
New Hampshire, for a pension, aud that the same do he
upon the table.
Mr. CULLOM. I was not present when the
Committee for the District of Columbia was called,
and I ask the unanimous consent of the House to
i report from that committee a bill to incorporate
| the Washington and Georgetown Railway Corn-
' pany, in the District of Columbia.
