mu-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
September,
- his original certificate number eight, (No. 8,)
and given at the superintendence of Indian
• affairsfor the Territory of Wisconsin, Mineral
, point, July seven, eighteen Hundred and thirty-
" seven uu
By the act for the relief of Captain B. A. P. La-
vaUette# of the United States Navy.
To pay the amount paid by the said Captain Lav-
, aliette to Lawrence Cardona, who acted as
interpreter to the forces under Captain Laval-
lette while he was discharging the duties of
.civil and military governor of Mazatlan, in
Mfextco, from October, eighteen hundred and
forty-seven, to June, eighteen hundred and for-
ty-eight....   ®24b 67
By theaet for the relief of William Senna Factor.
For property of Rose Faeior, destroyed by order
of the American officers of the United States
Army, tn the Seminole war of eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-six, and for property taken by
such officers for public use in said war $s,uuo uu
By the act for the relief of Llewellyn W^ ashington.
For services as a clerk in the Post Office Depart-
ment from the first day of May, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-one, until'the fourteenth day of
July, of the same year  X—
By the act for the relief of the Utica Steam Woolen
Company.
To pay to the Utica Steam Woolen Company,
of Uttea, in the Stats of New York, in full of
their account for interest on goods furnished to
the quartermaster's department ®I,Ial lb
By the act for the relief of Adam D. Steuart, pay-
master of the United States Army.
For the amount paid by said Steuart, as a fee to
Ashley andRmgo, for prosecuting a suit at law
for the recovery of the sum of two thousand
dollars in specie, stolen trom on board the
steamboat Tom Bolingj while the said specie
was in his charge, and being transported, for
account of the United States, to Little Rock, in
the State of Arkansas,™ themonth of June, m
the year one thousand eight hundred and thir-
ty-four  &*'r)0 00
By the act for the relief of Grafton Baker.
For services rendered and expenses incurred by
said Baker, as bearer of dispatches from the
Governor of New Mexico to the President of
the United States, in the year eighteen hun
dred and fifty-two   
$366 /30
By the act for the relief of the executrix of the
late Brevet Colonel A. C. W. Fanning, of the
United States Army.
For services rendered in eighteen hundred and
eighteen, and eighteen hundred arid twenty-
one, as United States commissioner in receiv-
ing and restoring St. Mark's, and as Indian
agent at Forts Gadsden and St. Mark's from
April, eighteen hundred and eighteen, to De-
cember, eighteen hundred and twenty-one... ,$5,9P0 00
By the act for the relief of John W. Kelly.
For damages in consequcnce of the annulment
of his said contract on the twenty-first day of
February, eighteen hundred and fifty three,
by the Post Office Department (Indefinite ]
By the act for the relief of James Dunning.
For interest due to him from the United States,
on a liquidated amount of thirteen thousand
four hundred and seventy-two dollars and
sixty-two cents, payable by contract on the
eighteenth day of June, eighteen hundred and
fifty, and then duly required, but withheld
until the twelfth of October following, for
want of an appropriation therefor  98
By the act for the relief of John Phagan.
For his services in taking charge of a delegation
of Seminole Indians,and removirigthem from
Florida to the country west of the Arkansas, _ $441 00
By the act for the relief of Passed Midshipmen
George P. Welsh and Clark II. Weils.
To pay to Passed Midshipman George
P. Welsh §341 66
To pay to Passed Midshipman Clark H.
WelSs...   342 93
 ,4684 59
By the act for the relief of Thomas S. Russell,
For pay as an assistant commissary of subsist-
ence in Colonel Brisbane's regiment of Florida
volunteers, notwithstanding the irregularity of
his appointment, and although his name does
not appear upon the rolls as one of the statf
of Colonel Brisbane [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of Mrs. Sally T. B.
Cochrane, widow of the late Lieutenant R. E.
Cochrane, United States Army.
For the value of a horse belonging to said Coch-
rane, which was used for express riding m
the public service by order of .Lieutenant Col-
onel Garland, United States Army, at Fort
Smith, in eighteen hundred and forty one,
and died in consequence of said service  $150 00
By the act for the relief of John S. Wilson.
In full compensation to the said John S. Wil-
son, for the damages sustained by being evict-
ed of his title, derived by patent from the
United States, to the east half of section
twenty-two, and west half of section twenty-
three, in township fifty-two north, of range
one east, of the fifth principal meridian in the
State of Missouii, by the decree of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, in favor of
the devisees of Auguste Choteau, at the Jan-
uary term, in the year eighteen hundred and
thirty-five   [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of William Claude Jones.
For his military services in the United States
Army, and allow him the difference between
the pay of a puvate, which he did receive, and
the compensation of a commissary of subsist-
ence, to which he is entitled from the twenty-
eighth of September, eighteen hundred and
thirty-seven, to the second of April, eighteen
hundred and thirty-eight [Indefinite*]
By the act for the relief of Robert Grignon.
For the full satisfaction of his claims against the
United States arising out of the treaty with the
Menornonee tribe or nation of Indians exe-
cuted the third day of September, one thou-
sand eight hundred and thirty-six §19,000 00
By the act for the relief of Richard M. Bouton,
George Wright, and the widow of Marvin W.
Fisher.
For full compensation for the p^st u^e of their
machines for making and charging percussion
caps in the arsenals of the United States, and
also for the future free and undisturbed use,
by the Government, of the said machines, to-
gether with the patent-right or rights to the
said machines, with their improvements.... .$15,000 00
By the act for the relief of Captain George Simp-
ton, of Galveston.
For the full payment of his claim for indemnifi-
cation for loss of schooner Alert, whilst i«
the public service during the war with Mex-
ico f.   #1,000 00
By the act for the relief of James M. Goggin.
For a fair and reasonable salary as special mail
agent for the State of California, from the first
day of December, eighteen hundred and fif'v,
until the sixth of April, eighteen hundred^artd
fifty-three, with reasonable" allowance for of-
fice rentand per diem, and the hire of a clerk, [Indefinite.7
By the act for the relief of Lavinia Taylor.
For five yeais' pay of her husband, at the rate
to which he was entitled at the time of hia
death   [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of James Edwards and
others.
For the value of the houses and other property
of James Edwards, of the late Edward M.
Wanton, and of the late Nehemiah Biush,
destroyed at Micanopy, Florida, in the year
eighteen hundred and thirty six, by order of
Lieutenant Colonel B. IC. Pieice, the com-
manding officer of that post, to prevent them
from falling into the hands of the enemy $-5,094 82
By the act for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Samuel Prioleau, deceased.
For property taken from said Prioleau, at
Charleston, for the use of the United States
during the revolutionary war  $6,928 60
By the act for the relief of the legal representa-
tive of Joshua Kennedy, deceased.
For thp destruction of property by the Creek In-
dians, in the year eighteen hundred and thir-
teen....    $6,500 00
By the act for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of the Jate Thomas Chapman, formerly
collector of the port of Georgetown, South Car-
olina.
For the share to which the said Thomas Chap-
man was entitled as collector, as afoiesaid, of
the cargo of the Swedish ship Diana, con-
demned for a broach of the non-intercoui&e
act, which was decreed to be forfeited by the
said Thomas Chapman m consequence of I113
having been examined as a witness in behalf
By the act for the relief of Samuel H. Hemstead.
For extra services rendered by him in defending
the title of the United States to certain lands
situated in the State of Arkansas $1,800 00
of the claimant 
.#13,457 55
By the act for the relief of Ira Baldwin. i
For three months' extra pay for the services of ]
said Baldwin in the late war with Great Brit-
ain     $]50 00 I
By the act for the relief of Thomas Snodgrass.
To reimburse to Captain Thomas Snodgrass the
expenses by him incurred for a team, and bal-
ance lor forage and subsistence furnished to
his company of volunteers while employed as
a guard or escort tor a party of emigiatmg
Cherokees in eighteen hundred and thirtv-
eight   $230 00
By the act for the relief of John S. Jones and
William H. Russell, surviving partners of the
firm of Brown, Russell, and Company.
For losses of oxen and wagons sustained by the
above-named John S. Jones and William H.
Russell, surviving partners of Brown, Russell,
and Company, m the transportation of military
storc& from Fort Leavenworth to Santa Fe,
subsequent to the arrival of the trains contain-
ing said stores at the place called San Jose, or
Big Cannon ; and also the amounts paid by, or
on account of, said pei^ond for foiage foi the
cattle used in said transportation, and for the
hire of extra men and teams lor the purpose
of paid transportation subsequent to the tune
aforesaid [Indefinite.]
By the act for the compensation of James W.
Low and others, for the capture of the British
private-armed schooner Ann, during the late
war with Great Britain.
For the amount paid into the Treasury of the
United States, and placed to the account of
fines, penalties, and forfeitures, m consequence
of a suit, entitled the United States vs. the
schooner Ann and cargo, in the district coust
of Maine, December, eighteen hundred and
fourteen, the said schooner having been rit-en
upon and captuied by the aforesaid named
persons, from the British, and delivered to tiie
proper authorities of the United States, in the
State of Maine  $3,570 30
By the act for the relief of Charles Cooper and
Company.
For interest due to them from the United States
on a liquidated amount of thirty thousand
iiuie hundred and eighty-nine dollars, payable
by contract, on the thirteenth day of Augn-t,
eighteen bundled and fifty, and then duly re-
quited, but withheld until the twelfth of Octo-
ber following, tor want of an appropriation
therefor  £300 00
By the act for the relief of Charles Lee Jones.
Forexpenses incurred and services rendered in
racing, subsisting, and transporting three com-
paiuo of volunteers mustered and received
into the service of the United States, during
the war attains Mexico   $2,000 00
By the act for the relief of John Frazer and the
administrator of the estate of John G. Clen-
denin, deceased.
For the amount expended by said Frazer ami
Clendenin, or either ot them, in the purchase
of the west half of the northwest quarter of
section thirteen, township two noith, ot range
three west, in the State of Indiana, together
with interest thereon ; and also the amount
paid by said Frazer and Clendemn, or either of
them, in defending Uieir title to said land, with
interest thereon     [ Indefinite, j
By the act for the relief of Ezra Williams.
For his services in preparing an alphabetical
index to the Numerical Reg^iei or Warranty
in the land bounty division of the Oewral
Land Office, under the direction of the late
OmmHHonVi, Jlichaid M. Young  £500 00
' By the act authorizing tfie Secretary of the Treas-
j ury to pay John Charles Fremont for beef fur-
nished the California Indians.
j For beef delivered to Commissioner "Harbour
for the ti>e of the Indian- fn California, m
eighteen hundred and fifty-one and eighteen
: hundred and fifty-two [Indefinite.j
By the act for the relief of Captain Lewis E.
Simonds.
For his expenses incuired in defending himself
against two suits brougnt against him for ar-
resting and detaining the fuig Cas-kct, on the
coa.-t of Alnea, on the charge ot being em/pged
m the sieve trade, m eighteen bundled and
loity-&i.x, the said ?wioiid« heing then in com-
mand of the United rit; tes< aimed vcp-< 1 called
the Monnn, and acting iu the line of his duty.. $P00 00
