1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1497
Mr. OLDS. That is not a private bill. t
The SPEAKER. It can only be received by j
unanimous consent.
There being no objection, the bill was read a 1
first and second time by its title, and referred to !
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the J
Union, and ordered to be printed. !;
Mr. PARKER. I ^as not present when the 'j
Committee on the Judiciary was called. I ask ;!
the unanimous consent of the House to report a
bill for the relief of Thomas Ap Catesby Jones, jj
surety for a former postmaster of Norfolk, Vir- !;
gmia. jj
There was no objection, and the bill was read
a first and second time by its title, referred to a ,j
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to 'i
be printed. ij
Mr GOODE. I ask the unanimous consent of j j
the House to report from the Committee for the 1
District of Columbia a bill " to prevent mischief,
and to protect property in the District of Colum- ,j
bia." ;
Mr. HENDRICKS, That is not a private bill. ;!
I object. ,i
Mr. GOODE. I hope the gentleman will with- "•
draw the objection. I only desire to have it re- j
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary. j,
Mr. HENDRICKS. Well, sir, 1 will with- ;j
draw the objection in this case ; but I give notice jj
thatd will not in any other of a like character. j!
There was no objection, and the bill was accord- i
ingly referred. . i
Mr. TAYLOR,of New York. Iasktheunan- !;
imous consent of the House to report from the |
Committee for the District of Columbia a bill to
incorporate the mutual Fire Insurance Company
in the District of Columbia.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is not a private bill.
I object to its reception.
Mr. McMULLlN. I object to anything that
is not in the regular order of business
' On motion by Mr. L1NDLEY, it wat5
Ordered, That the Oonimittee nn Revolutionary Pensions
be discharged from the timber consideration of the memo-
rial of the heirs of Epaphras Ripley, of Vermont, an insane
applicant for a revolutionary pension, and that the same
lie upon the table.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill which; was read
a first and second time, by its title, as follows, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed:
A bill for the relief of James Wright, jr., of the
State of Tennessee.
Mr. (I. also, from the same committee, report-
ed adversely on the following petitions and me-
morials, which were laid upon the tablet
Petition of James Chambers, of Pennsylvania,
praying for the correction of an error in the date
of the commencementof his invalid pension;
Petition of Charles H. Robinson;
Petition of Isaac Plummer;
Memorial of William Gurnard, who was a sea-
man in the service of the United States, engaged
in the war with Mexico, praying that an inciease
of pension may be granted to him, having lost his
right arm from the premature discharge of a can-
non on board the United States schooner Taney;
Petition of Benjamin Cressey, praying for a
pension as an invalid seaman, from wounds receiv-
ed during the late war with Great Britain;
Petition of Eli Dontevy, praying for pecuniary
aid in consideration of the loss of his eyes, while
in the service of the United States, at the naval
station of Brooklyn;
Petition of Stephen Connor, praying to be paid
arrears of pension;
Petition of Mathew Wieford, for increase of ,j
pension;
Petition of William Young, for additional com- jj
pensation for injuries received in the war of 1812; '
Petition of F. W. Rahorg, of Captain Walker 's j j
company of Mounted Rifles, who was wounded in ;'
the battle of Huamantla, Mexico, for increase of ,|
pension; |j
Petition of Major William Keller, of Maryland, ,i
for an increase of pension; ,j
Petition of Washington Porter, for invalid pen- j
slon; j
Petition of Ed ward Taylor, of Tennessee, pray- ! j
ing Congress for back pension; and
Evidence in support of William Wilson's appli-
cation for an increase of his pension as an invalid.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, repprted
back bill of the following title, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass; which was referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to j
be printed:
S. No. 281. A bill for the relief of William
Miller.
Mr. ASHE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported a hill; which was read a first and
second time by its title, as follows, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying leport, ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Lewis E. Simonds.
Mr. YAIL, from the Committeeon Invalid Pen-
sions, reported bills, which were severally read a
first and second time by their titles, as follows,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying reports, ordered to be
printed:
A bill for the relief of Daniel Morse, of Essex,
Chittenden county, Vermont;
A bill for the relief of Ira Call; and
A bill for the relief of Isaac Sigler.
Mr. V. also, from the same committee, reported
adversely on the following petitions; which were
laid upon the table, and, with the accompanying
reports, ordered to be printed:
Petition of Samuel Cleveland; and
Petition of George Biake, of Niagara county,
New York, a soldier in ihe war of 1812, for in-
valid pension.
Mr. EW1NG. I wish now to call up the mo-
tion is reconsider the vote by which the bill
" for the relief of James Jeffries and Jeremiah
M. Smith" was refened to a Committee of the
Whole House.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The first question in order
will be, " Shall the bill be committed to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House?"
Mr. OLDS. Have I the power to withdraw
the motion io commit?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not. If
no objection is made, the motion to commit will be
withdrawn.
Mr. OLDS. The reading of the report made
upon the bill in the Senate will explain the whole
matter.
The report was read by the Clerk.
Mr. OLDS. The whole matter is stated very
simply and briefly in the report, just read. These
gentlemen bid for several routes in Texas. Among
the number of routes which they received were
: three routes, which proved to be about fifty miles
longerthan they wei eadvertised at, in consequence
of which they refused to perform seivice upon
them. The Department withheld payment for
their services upon other routes because they
did not perform services upon these three routes.
Mr. GROW. I move that the bill be referred
to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; being "Shall
the bill be referred to a Committee of the Whole
House?"
Mr. HENDRICKS On that question I call
for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Wheeler were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
; —ayes 53; not a sufficient number.
j [Cries of " Count the other side!1']
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is not a
quorum present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ascertain
: whether there is or not.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I call for a
1 vote of the other side.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Tf it is in order, I move
; that the House do now resoive itself into a Com-
j mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
! The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
| After a count, the Chair announced that there
> were one hundred and twenty-one members m
I their seats.
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. All those who sit
still in their seats, and do not vote at all, are
counted for the negative. That is not right.
Members maybe in their seats, and not vote at
all.
Mr. GROW. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. E WING. I do not know that there would
be this contest were it not for my motion; and as
I am extremely unwilling to cause it, i could in
me moment, if permuted, explain to the House
the nature of the motion. Half the House seems
to misunderstand the matter, and if no gentleman
objects, I will briefly explain it. I simply wish to
remind the House that the House, as many will
remember, referred this bill, because they desired
to have it investigated. The question was, whether
it should go to the Committee of the Whole, or
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. Those who were present will remember
that the House desired onlv that the Committee
on the Po:st Office and Post Roads should examine
it and make a report, there then being no report.
It was a Senate bill, and had passed that body
twice, but was lost in the last Congress m conse-
quence of delay of business. The House decided
that it should go to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, instead of io a Committee
of the Whole House. Well, now, while I was
absent the chairman of the Committeeon the Pajft
Office and Port Roads had it referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House. Being informed of
that, I made a motion to reconsider that reference,
which was agreed to, and, by unanimous consent,
leave was given for the withdrawal of the motion
to refer. The friends of the bill would still be
defeating their own purposes if thev were now to
refer it to the Committee of the Whole House,
after first sending; it to the Committee on the Poet
Office and Post Roads.
I have had no conference with that committee,
or with any member upon it. I left the proof in
their hands, and they considered that there was
no valid objection to the bill; and I simply wish
the House'now to carry out the general under-
standing then had, and to act upon the bill now.
It makes no appropriation, butonly provides for
the remission of a floe.
Mr. GROW. I wish to ask the gentleman if
this is the same bill which the House defeated
once this session 5
Mr. EWlNG. I have triedfortwoCongresses
to get the House to act upon it in some shape or
other; but there area few gentlemen who seem to
persist in putting it off.
Mr. GROW. Is it the same bill to which Mr.
Sage made objection some time since ?
Mr. EWING. It is the same btll; but the gen-
tleman will recollect the history of that matter,
and that, contrary to my wish, it was referred to
a committee, the House refusing to refer it to the
Committee of the Whole. I had rather have the
paternity of half a dozen Nebraska bills than one
private bill for the remission of a fine. jr. passed
through the Senate twice, and has come here. I
have been laboring for no other purpose than,
after having it investigated by the committee, ro
get the House to act upon it. But it is moved
now to recommit it to a Committee of the Whole
House; but I hope it will not be recommitted
Mr. COBB. I wish simply to say, that Mr.
Sage, who seemed to understand this matter when
it was under discussion before, had a letter from
the Postmaster General read. Perhaps that letter
might throw a little light upon the subject.
Mr. EWING. In answer to the gentleman, I
will say, that those who compose the Committee
of the*'Whole House are the same individuals
who are now here. Gentlemen will remen^er
that this bill was thoroughly discussed when it
was last before us, and occupied more of the
attention of the House than I desired. That letfer
was then read; end I will slate to the House its
contents, as briefly as possible, if the gentleman
will allow me; and I shall thereby save the time
of the House. The Post Office Department ad-
vertised the routes shorter than thev proved to be.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Sage] goes
to the Department, and gets some information
from the clerks, and also gets a letter from the
same Department. The letter states that, accord-
ing to the then present information of the Depart-
ment, the routes are not so long as the proof in
the case shows them to be; but it allows that they
are a good deal longer than was stated in the ad-
vertisement. That is the substance of the letter.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow]
was kind enough, on a former occasion, to call
the previous question upon the matter, af'er he
