1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1501
ceased." [Objected to by Mr. Jontes, of New
York,]
House bill (No. 231) " for the relief of Briga-
dier General John E. Wool." [Objected to by-
Mr. Letcher ]
House fnl! (No.282) <( for the relief of thelegal
representatives of Colonel Francis Vigo." [Ob-
jected to by Mr, Hamilton.]
House bili (No. 323) " for the relief of J. C.
Buckles."
The bill was read through.
Mr. ROWE. I object.
Mr. PRESTON. Thegentleman who reported
this bill is not present; but { trust it will not be
objected to. Thisca.se has been here continually
from year to year, always reported favorably
upon, and always lost for want of action upo'n it
by the House. I hope the objection will be with-
drawn.
The objection was not withdrawn.
House bill (No. 324) <l for the relief of McAtee
& Eastman." [Objected to by Mr Hastings.]
House bill (No 335) "for the relief of James
S. Graham, and Walker H. Fmnall." [Objected
to by Mr. Rowe.]
House bill (No. 327) " to authorize Robert
Graham to locate six thousand nine hundred arid
tnnety-threeacres of land, m lieu of one undivided
half part of certain lands patented to John Edtrar
and Jwhn Murray St. Clair, by the Governorof
the Northwestern Teriitory." [Objected to by
Mr. Ready.]
Senate bill (No 303) " for the relief of James N.
Goggin." [Objected to by Mr. Hastings.]
Joint resolution (No. 24) 4' for the adjustment of
the accounts of John D. Colmesnil."
The bill and report were read through.
Mr. LE rCHER. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, f hope the objec-
tion will be withdrawn. The bill places the mat-
ter in the hands of the First Comptroller of the
Treasury, and i had rather trust to his judgment
than that of this House.
The objection was not withdrawn.
Senate bill (No. 147) " for the relief of the legal
representatives of the late Thomas Chapman, for-
merly collector of the port of Georgetown, South
Carolina." [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of New
Yoik.]
House bill (No. 359) " for the relief of the heirs
of Captain Nehemiah Stokely, deceased." [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Millson.]
House bill (No. 361) " for the relief of the
widowanM children of Ezra Chapman, deceased."
[Objected to by Mr. Millson.]
House bill (No. 362) " for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of Joseph Savage,
deceased." [Objected to by Mr. Millson.]
House bill (No. 363) " for the relief of the heirs
of Thomas Parks, deceased." [Objected to by
Mr. Skelton.]
House Dill (No. 364) u for the relief of William
A. Duer, John Duer, and Beverly Robinson,
trustees of the estate of Sarah Alexander, widow
of Major General William Alexander, commonly
known as Lord Sterling." [Objected to by Mr.
Hamilton ]
Mr. RUSSELL. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The question was put; and there were, on a
division—ayes 39, noes 41; no quorum voting.
Mr. JONES. 1 ask that the roll be called. The
rule requires it.
The Clerk commenced calling the roll.
Mr. HAVEN. Is it in order to eall for tellers ?
The CHAIRMAN, his.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit thatitis
too late to call for tellers.
The CHAIR VjAN. The Chair thinks not.
The committee found itself without a quorum upon
a oiviston, and they have a right to a recount.
Mr. JONES. Tha Chair announced that the
committee had refused to rise; and the committee
were proceeding to take up another bill, when the
attention of the Chair was called, to the fact that
a quorum had not voted. 1 think it is clearly too
late to call for tellers.
The CHAIRMAN. Upon that ground the
Chair will decide that it is too late. The Clerk
will c$l the roll.
The roll was then called.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr. Disney]
reported that a Committee of the Whole House
had, according to order, had the Private Calendar
under consideration, and having found itself with-
out a quorum, had caused the roll to be called, and
had diiected him to report the facts to the House,
with the names of the absentees, as follows:
Messrs. Abercrnmbie, Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Al-
len, Ashe, David J. Bailey,Thomas II. Bayly, Ball, Banks,
Hell, Bennett, Kmeell, BUs*, Boeock, Boyee, Bieckmndje,
Bridges, Busg, Carnthcis, Chamberlain. Cha>e, Chaplain,
Clmsui&n, (Jlark, UJingman, Cook, Cox, Craige, Cullom,
Cumining, Curti-=, Cuitmg, John (i. Davis Dawson, Dean,
Dent, De Witt. Dick, Dickinson, Drum, Dunbar, Dunham,
Eastman, Eddy, Btlgerton, Edmund"*. Edinundsou, John M.
Elliott, Ellison, English, Giheridge, Everhart, fiwing, Fen-
tnn, Flagler, Franklin, Fuller, Gamble, Green, Green wood,
Grev, Grow, Andrew J. fl.ulan, Wilev P. Harris, Harrison,
Haven, Hibbard, Hiester, Hill, Hughes Ingersoll, J. Gtancy
Jones, Roland Jones K«jnt, Kmr due, Kuriz, Lamb,
Lane, Lillv, Limlley. Lyon, Muedonald, MeQ,ueen, Mace,
Maurice, MaxwWI, Majall, Meachain, John G. Miller,
Smith Milter, Morri.-on, Murray, Nichols, Noble, Olds,
Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Packer, Pe< k, BMiop
Pei kins, John Perkins, Powell, Ready, lt«e>e, Riehardj-on,
Kiddle, Rogers., Salmi, Sa e, Happ, Sewaid, Seunotir,
Simmon;-, William R. Smith, George W. Smvih, Pollers,
Frederick P Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Alexander H.
Stephens, He>tor L. Sevens Sirattoiu Andrew Stuait,
Drfvul Stuart, Thurston, Tweed, Walbndge, Walley,
Wahh, Warren, Israel \Vashburn, Wes-tbiook, Wiue,
Darnel B. Wright, Hendnck B. Wright, and Yates.
The SPEAKER announced that one hundred
and one members—less than a quorum—had an-
swered to their names.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
ten minutes to four o'clock) the House adjourned
until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturdiy, June 24, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was in part read.
Mr. COBB. I understand the Journal in a very
long one. I move that the further reading be dis-
pensed with.
By unanimous consent, the motion was agreed
to, and the Journal approved.
EXECUTXVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a statement prepared by the Register
of the Treasury, exhibiting an account of rhe re-
ceipts and expenditures of the United States for
the year ending 30th June, 1853, in puisuance of
a standing order of the House.
The communication was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The House, while in
Committ^ of the Wholeon the Private Calendar,
yesterday, passed a number of bills, but the com-
mittee, finding uself without a quorum, could not
report them to the House I now ask unanimous
consent that the Committee of the Whole House
may be discharged from the further consideration
of those bills, and that they may come before the
House for their passage. They are the bills which
were considered in committee yesterday to winch
no objection was made.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say to my friend
from Indiana,and to the House, that I think those
bills which were laid aside m committee yester-
day, to be reported to the House, should be con-
sidered as having been reported, justas if the com-
mittee had reported them regularly: but I hope
my friend will allow them to go over for the pres-
ent, and not call them up for their passage «his
morning. Let them remain upon the Speaker's
table, and come up some other time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It will take but a few
minutes to pass them.
! Mr. HOUSTON. I am perfectly willing that
• the bills should pass, every one of them: but it is
I very important that we should dispose of the civil
I and diplomatic bill tb-day. 1 hope on Monday
next to be able to e;et up in committee the bill
making provisions for carrying out the late Mex-
ican treaty. It is absolutely nece«wary that that
bill should pasa before Friday next.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no doubt that
these bills can be disposed of in less time than we
i have been occupied m talking about them. 1 hope
i they will be passed in gross.
The SPEAKER. The committee will be dis-
charged from their further consideration, unless
objection be made.
There was no objection; and the bills were '
brought before*the House in gross.
Mr. HILLYER. 1 rise to a privileged question,
I move to reconsider the vote of yesterday, by
which Senate bill No. 330, for the relief of Jose de
Luco,&c., was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's motion to
reconsider will be entered. It cannot be consid-
ered now in connection with the unanimous order
of the House discharging the Committee of the
; Whole House from thp private bills to which no
objection was made yesterday. The gentleman
' can call it up any time afterwards,
i Mr. HENDRICKS. At the request of the
I Speaker, I wish to bring before the House one
j other matter. In calling the Private Calendar yes-
( terday, House bill (No. 362) for the relief of the
: heirs of Joseph Savage, was called; but the Clerk,
! at the moment, could not find the report accom-
i panying it. The report abundantly sustains the
j case, but merely oecause it could not be found,
i though it was among the papers, the bill was
i passed over. I ask that the report be now read,
i It is very short; not half a column in length. If
i there be objection, of course I shall not ask action
j on the bill. If no objection be made, then 1 shall
I ask that the Committee of the Whole be dis-
j charged from its further consideration,
j Mr. HAMILTON. The gentleman from Vir-
! ginia [Mr. Millson] made the objection to the
| bill yesterday.
j Mr HENDRICKS. The objection, t under-
j stand, was because there was no report m the
, case. *
I The SPEAKER. The Chair understood, at the
I time the bill was passed over, that the objection
| was because there was no report. If there be
! other objection, the bill of course goes over.
, Mr. HENDRICKS. As theie seems to be
j other objection to the bill, I now ask thnt all the
1 bills to winch no amendment has been made, be
j put on their passage en masse.
| The SPEAKER, Thatcourse will he pursued,
unless objection be made. The titles of the bills
i will be read, and if any member desires a sep-
| arate vote on any one, he will rise in his place and
| say so. First will be considered a bill to which
i amendment was made.
| The Clerk read ihe title of the first bill, as fol-
i lows:
| House bill (No. 270) "to provide a pension
I for Captain Thomas Porter."
I The amendment of the Committee of the Whole
J House was read and concurred in, as follows:
Add:
Arid the amount found d«« under the provisions of
this act bhall he paid to the children of the &aid Captain
Tliomas Porter. ■
The question was put on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time; and there were—
ayes 61.
Mr. HAMILTON. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ewing and
Vail were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 99, noes 18.
The Chair voting in the affirmative, the bill was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time; and
, being engrossed, it was read a third time, and
subsequently passed.
i The SPEAKER. The following bul is re-
ported with an amendment;  
A bili for the relief of Ira Day, of Vermont,
The amendment is to insert after the words
"Ira Day," the following words: " or his legal
representatives."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was read the thud time, and parsed.
The following Senate bills were then taken up,
read a third time, and passed:
No. 17. A nact to reimburse the Common Coun-
cil of the city of New York for expenditures made
for the first regiment of New York volunteers;
No. 54. An act for the rehef of Prisciila C.
Simonds;
No. 117. An act for the relief of Moses Oim-
stead; and
