1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1503
the communication upon both sides should be free
and open. I submit, therefore, whether the Gov-
ernment shall now retreat from this sort of under-
taking* Shall an accident, such as happened to
this bridge, and which has been explained by the
gentleman from Virginia to have been caused by
the breaking of a strap of iron, prevent Congress
from fulfilling its engagement to complete this
work. Tiie gentleman describes the piers as being
solid and enduring. I wish to observe, that it is the
opinion of a bridge-builder, who, at my instance,
went and examined those piers—I speak of Mr.
Wendell Bollman, a man of learning, whose opin-
ion is entitled to great weight, and who built the
bridges upon the Baltimore and Ohio railroad-
that there never was a work more judiciously
planned than this bridge I do trust that the
amendment proposed by the honorable gentleman
from Virginia will be adopted, so that the people
of Virginia, residing in that part of the State, may
have free access to this city. The position is a
good one, and, as I said before, one long selected,
and, by a sort of common user, has become the
ferry at that point of the river. ! trust that the
committee will give their support to the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. FLORENCE. I want to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Smith,J which I will read as I go
along;. I do not propose to reduce the appropri-
ation, but to provide how it is to be expended, and
how the contract shall be made. It seems to be
conceded on all hands that this bridge ought to be
built. That seems to be the universal sentiment
of the committee; and the only suggestion now
which applies most intimately to the minds of all
the members here is, that the work shall be satis-
factorily performed.
The CEJ AIRMAN. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania will be pleased to statu what amendment
he proposes.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
For (he erection arid completion of a bridge near the
Littie Fall*, 011 ihe Potomac itvur, $75,000; m be expended
under the direction of the Secretaiy or ihe Treasury : Pio-
vided, That the constitution and supervision of the same
be placed in charge of a civil engineer of experience and
ability, and that the whole cost shall not exceed the amount
herein apnropriated : a contract to be made with the most
responsible bidder after first inviting plan? and proposals
lor thirty days m six or more daily journals of the United
Sta:ef.
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Chairman, I submit
the amendment without desiring to detain the
committee any longer with observations upon it.
It is comprehensive; it is clear; it is plain; it
guards the Treasury; and it secures the erection
of a perfect structure.
Mr. PECKHAM. The difficulty which ap-
pears to be in the amendment is, that it orders the
contract to be given to the richest man in thecom-
munity—to " the most responsible."
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, let the amendment
be altered, so as to make the contract be assigned
to the best bidder. I meant the most responsible
architecturally—professionally the best bidder.
And I do not know, after all, but that the most
responsible bidder would be the best bidder. It
is a matter of very great consequence that the con-
tractor should be a man of responsibility; because
if he be not responsible, we have no assurance that
the bridge will be properly constructed. I think
it was for want of responsibility—mechanical
responsibility or skill—that the other structure
fell. I therefore desire to present the amendment,
and I think if the committee listen to the reading
of it again, there will be no objection to its adop-
tion.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire the attention of
the committee for a few minutes, to get the facts
fairly before them. As to the correctness of the
site for the bridge—as to its being a most advant-
ageous one, as stated by the gentleman from Ma-
ryland, [Mr. May,] I shall not controvert that
point with him. I concede the fact; it is a good
site. The river is narrow, and it is a very good
place to build the bridge. But that js not the issue
which I tender to my colleague, [Mr. S.uiih,] and
to the gentleman from Maryland. What, sir, is
the issue? I say that it is better that we should
not build a bridge there at all. And why? I say
that but one bridge ought to be built from this
District to the Virginia shore. I say, further, that
the building of a bridge at Georgetown will super-
sede the necessity of building a bridge at Little
Falls. I beg the House to remember that you can
construct a bridge at Georgetown, on the aqueduct,
which will accommodate, as I before remarked,
not only the traveling community which comes
from Little Falls, but it will do more; it will ac-
commodate the traveling community of Alexan-
dria, Fredericksburg, Petersburg, and the whole
South.
Since I had the floor upon this subject, the other
day, I have been informed that various petitions
have been presented at the other end of the Cap-
itol, asking the attention of Congress to this sub-
ject. Now, sir, I say in my place that you can
construct a bridge at Georgetown upon the piers
already there, which were built at the expense of
the General Government. Over those piers you
can construct a bridge which will answer the pur-
poses of the gentleman's constituents, by simply
extending the turnpike road. Is Congress pre-
pared for an expenditure of $75,000, when you can
save the most of it by constructing two or three
miles of turnpike road? Can it make any differ-
ence with the people of Fredericksburg, and of all
that country, whether they travel on the north
side of the river, or go the same distance on the
south side?
I beg the learned gentleman from Baltimore
[Mr. May] to look at the matter as a practical
question. Will you build two bridges or one?
1 am one of those who will not uphold this ex-
travagant system of legislation. And I beg the
committee to remember, that if they vote down
the amendment now; if the object, is just, right,
and proper, it will be competent for my worthy,
intelligent, an<I illustrious colleague who offered
it, or for his fi lends, to offer the amendment, and
attach it to the bill, m the Senate. Hut I tell him
and the Senate that it is unnecessary.
I hope the committee will vote down his amend-
ment. I have endeavored to show that one bridge
only is necessary, and that such bridge must be
built. There are constituents of mine who ask
the privilege of constructing a railroad ftom Alex-
andria to Washington city, the work to be allowed
to pass over the Long Bridge. A bridge will be
built for that purpose, either by the Government
or by rivate enterprise. But I hope the time will
soon arrive when the General Government will
cut itself loose from all public improvements. A
bridge can be built by private enterprise for one
third less than it can be constructed by the Gov-
ernment.
But 1 repeat, that two bridges are unnecessary.
The one at Georgetown is all that is necessary;
and if 1 vote for the amendment at all, it will be
for the bridge at Georgetown; but I cannot con-
sistently vote for the amendment offered by my
colleague from Virginia.
Mr. FLORENCE. With the consent of the
committee, I will modify my amendment, so as to
make it read <k the best bidder," instead of " the
most responsible bidder."
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman, that he modify it so as to
make it read " the lowest and best bidder."
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 will accept that amend-
ment.
The question was taken on Mr. Florence's
amendment, and it was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Smith's amend-
ment.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Before the
'question is taken, [ move to amend by increasing
the appropriation one dollar.
I move <hat amendment for the purpose of
saying a word upon the amendment of the gen-
tlemen from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] and in reply
to thegentleman from Virginia [Mr. McMullin.]
The gentleman seems to think that a bridge at this
point will not be needed, because one can be built
at Georgetown more conveniently. Now, sir, a
bridge cannot be built at Georgetown without cost
ing at least four or five times as much as will be
necessary to build it at the Little Falls. A bridge
is needed at this latter place. The people in Vir-
ginia, opposite, are in constant communication
with the cities of Georgetown and Washington.
As was remarked by the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. May,] they have been accustomed to
take this direction for the last forty or fifty years.
If you make the bridge at Georgetown, it will
evidently be intended to do away with the one
opposite Washington. There are two or three
railroads centering at Alexandria, all the travel
by which passes up to and over the Lorfg Bridge,
to the city of Washington, thence off to various
portions of the Union, if you make the bridge at
Georgetown, you increase the travel from Alex-
andria to that place to thirteen miles; whereas,
by the Long Bridge, the distance is only six
miles.
On the eastern branch of the Potomac the ~
Government has thought proper to buy out two
or three bridges located within a mile or two of
each other. Why ditl it buy them out? Because
it wanted to make the travel between Maryland
and this District convenient—open and without
expense. The people of Virginia are as much
entitled to this convenience as those of Maryland.
The citizens of Washington and Georgetown are
as much entitled to convenience in going into
Virginia as in going into Maryland.
The Little Falls bridge crosses the river at a
point where the distance is only one hundred and
twenty feet. It is about three and a half miles
above Georgetown. Every part of the structure
will be wit)un the Districtof Columbia, its jurisdic-
tion extendingto the other shore. We have a firm
and substantiaWabutmpnt on the Virginia side.
Besides, the Government has there two piers now
constructed, and which will be a total loss if this
site is abandoned. It will be necessary to build
two other piers in order to reach the high ground
on the Virginia side. I understand that it is in-
tended to erect these two piers, and to put up a
wooden structure which can there be made cheaper
than at any other point of the river. At George-
town the distance across the river is four, five, or
six times as much, and the cost of the structure
will be four, five, or six times as great as the
amount now proposed to be appropriated.
I have not the slightest doubt that the appro-
priation now proposed will meet all the expense
of putting up a complete and substantial structure
at that point. I think it ought to be done, and i
shall vote for it cheerfully.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, but for the original amendment, moved by
the gentleman from Virginia. I am also for voting,
i think that the committee understand this question
very well, ft is needless to consume more time
on it. 1 think that^thegentleman from Kentucky,
who moves to reduce the appropriation, has
given us most conclusive reasons why we should
not abandon the bridge at Little Falls*. I do not
suppose that anything I can say will give the
committee more information on this subject than
it now has. The question simply is, shall we
abandon this bridge after the expenditure of
so much money? That is the whole question. I
i take it for granted that the House does not in-
tend to abandon it. I Jo not think there is a ma-
jority for abandoning it. If I did, I would take
more time to argue the question. I hope that we
may have a vote on the amendment without fur-
ther discussion.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment.
Tellers were ordered on Mr. Smith's amend-
ment, and Messrs. Hamilton and Hastings
were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 71, noes 58.
So the amendment was agreed to. ^
Mr. CLARK. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Agriculture to offer the following amend-
ment:
For ihe collection of agricultural statistics, and the pro-
curement and distribution of cutting* and seeds, $-25,000;
to fje paul out of any money in tile Treasury not otnerwise
appropriated.
I have received a communication from the Com-
missioner of Patents, which f send to the Clerk's*
desk to be read.
The communication was thea read, as follows:
United States Patknt Okficr, >
June 21,1851. y
Sir: i understand that the Committee of Ways and
Mean*, inthe civil and diplomatic bill, about to be acted
upon by Congress have nojjleoted to provide, as has been
the custom heretofore. any appropriation tor the collection
ot agricultural statistics, and the procurement and distribu-
tion of cuttings and seeds?.
I beg leave to inform you that, in anticipation of such
an appropriation, to be expended under the dnection of
this Bureau, we have aiieady collected much valuable sta-
tistical and other auHtultutnl information, intended to be
embodied in our next annual report, which, U properly car-
ried into effect, will require additional means.
