1506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
me, I will say that, as one of the members of the
Committee of Elections, 1-never acceded to such
a proposition.
Mr. HUNT. I did not say that the honorable
gentleman acquiesced in this report. I stated
merely that the committee had reported in favor
of the allowance.
Mr. EWINGr. If the gentleman from Louisi-
ana will allow me, I will say to the gentleman from
Georgia, that I was under the impression he had
given his assent to this proposition. 1 was told
that I was instructed unanimously to report it;
and 1 presume the opinion of the committee is
unanimous, with the exception of the gentleman
from Georgia.
Mr. HUNT. The gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Miller,] who had charge of this matter
when it was before the House, is not now in his
seat; and 1 will, therefore, add for him, that Gover-
nor Lane did not come here of his own motion, or
for any private purposes of his own, but that he
came at theinstance of thepeople of KevvMexico,
and for a public purpose. Wot, sir, to demand pay
and mileage, but to insist, bona jlde, upon what
he and those who sent him heie believed to be
due to him and to them—his right to a seat on
this floor. He came here under the honest im-
'pvession that he had been elected by the votes of
the American portion, usually, if not properly,
sti called, of the people of New Mexico, over the
f entleman who received the votes of the Pueblo
ndians—a gentleman who does riot speak our
language, and who does not choose to sit here
among us. He came here to contest his right to
a seat upon this floor as an act of justice to the
people; and, as an act of justice to that people,
I hope this House will accede to the proposition
to give him his per diem and mileage.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Chairman, I am very
well acquainted with Dr. Lane, and have been for
some thirty years. He has been an acquaintance^
but not a political friend. I saw him frequently
when he was here last winter; and I believe
that he acted towards me as he did towards most
of the other members of Congress, which was not
to importune or to annoy them with his applica-
tions for a seat here. 1 do not think that it ought
to be brought up in judgment against any man
that he did not annoy us with applications. God
knows we get enough of them all around ! We
should rather be thankful when any one will
spare us, and be more disposed to do what is ri -ht
for them.
1 had no particular acquaintance with this case
until it arnved here, i presented the memorial
and papers of the sitting Delegate from New Mex-
ico at his request. All the knowledge 1 have ol the
subject has been derived from the'newspapers of
New Mexico, and reports and information from
that Territory during the time the election was in
progress, and after it had finished. We are neigh-
bors to Santa 1'V—only twelve or fifteen hundred
miles apart. There being nobody between, we
are neighbors, and we can talk of each other's
affairs. Well, sir, from all I saw during the time
the canvass was going on, and after it whs fin-
ished, 1 thought that Governor Lane had a fair
claim to the seat. I do not say that it was better
than the other, but it was fair; and, really, it
seemed to me, from all I saw and heard from the
Territory, that it was the better one of the two.
The question seems now to turn principally on
this: Is Dr. Lane asking this in good faith? Did
he come on in good faith > Or was it a raf, e pre-
tense to cover a different purpose? That if the
question to which the case is narrowed down.
With respect to that, it seems to me to all turn on
that point. 1 will say,in the first place, that having
known Governor Lane long, 1 hold him to be in-
capable, personally incr.pable, of acting m that
manner. So much for his character.
Then with respect to the circumstances of the
case. Prom all that I saw m the newspapers of
the country when the canvass went on—and ! saw
all the papers, English and Spanish—and from all
I heard, I thought he had a fair ohim to the seat.
I do not say better than the other, but fair; and
really, I thought he would be most apt to get it.
Mr. HUNT, by unanimous consent, then with-
drew his amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Ewing's amend-
ment.
ivir. FLORLACS. X demand tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Taylor of
Ohio, and Facker, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 75, noes 54.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ofierthefoUowing amend-
ment:
For continuing the aqueduct for bringing water into the
city of Washington, agreeably to the plan adopted by the
President of the United States, according to the provisions
of tiie act of Congress, approved March 3, 1«53, $500,000.
Some time since I addressed the committee at
length upon the subject of this aqueduct, it had
previously been discussed in Committee of the
Whole upon another occasion. I do not intend
now to enter into the merits of the case, or the
necessities for such a measure. In the first place,
the amendment calls for the appropriation of
§500,000 in order to continue a work already
begun, and well begun—to continue a work au-
thorized by the act of Congress approved the
3d of March, of last year—to continue a work
whose establishment was to depend upon the ap-
proval of the Piesidentof the United States, which
approval this work has already received. A con-
siderable portion of the work has been accom-
plished, and a large appropriation made for the
continuance of the work.
Xt is therefore deemed appropriate at this time
to ask for this sum, that the work may be prose-
cuted towards a conclusion as soon as possible.
It is not necessary for me to represent to the
committee an argument which has been already
enforced upon them—that the United States Gov-
ernment is very deeply concerned in the prosecu-
tion and early completion of this work, so far as
regards the preservation and safety of their pub-
lic buildings, and the repositories of their papers,
on the security of which so much depends, as a
matter of individual rights, as a matter of indi-
vidual convenience, and, let me add, in addition
to that, as a matter of public propriety. Why,
sir, millions of dollars have been lost to claimants
by the destruction of one or two of the depart-
ments of the Government by fire. It cannot be
denied that at certain times this Government has
been compelled to pay perhaps millions of dol-
lars on improper claims, merely because they
weie unable to produce that testimony which
would have shown that they had been paid.
We require, therefore, some sufficient means to
preserve from the destructive elementall the rec-
ords of this nation, ail the archives of this coun-
try, which are hereafter to be our vouchers for
moneys paid, or the vouchers of our constituents
for moneys claimed. The health of the people,
our own convenience, and all these circumstances,
will impress themselves on every individual as
they may view'the subject. No man can be in-
sensible to this. But 1 wish to jmpiess upon the
minds of this committee, and to ask them to con-
sider the fact, that, this work was begun by the
authority of an act of Congress; that the plans
were referred for approval to the President of the
United fcJtates;thathedid approvethe plan that has
been adopted; and that the money appropriated .
last year has been expended m the piosecution of !
this plan; and that, as a matter of course, the sea- '
son for contracts was not allowed to pass without :
providing the ways and means to continue the ;
work; bricks, stone, laborers, and all the appli-
ances necessai y to carry on such a work, when
the appropriation should have been made. I did
expect, and others expected, that this appropria-
tion would have been granted in a former bill; but
this matter was not deemed to he in order in it.
It is now presented again. It is presented, I pre-
sume, in the confidence that it cannot escape this
committee; that such a measure is as absolutely
necessary to the preservation of our national
archives as it is to the convenience and comfort
of the national repiesentatives. The objections
that have been urged to this appropriation are, it
appears to me, irrelevant. I will not meet them
now, because I cannot imagine that they will be
pressed on this House at the present time. The
simple question is as to the appropriation; the j
mode of disbursing it will be a matter for after '
consideration. i
Mr. ST xNTON) of Tennessee. I am opposed .
to this appropnation, for the reason that the plan ;
adopted, and the work projected, is of the most
extravagant and unnecessary character. It is the ■
most magnificent that could have been devised, i
It proposes to bring Tffto the city of Washington
no less than sixty-odd millions of gallons of water
per day; when, at the present time, in the city of
London, with two and a half millions of inhabit-
ants, only forty-seven millions of gallons are sup-
plied daily. In the city of New York I am told
that only about forty millions of gallons are
brought per day. But into the city of Washing-
ton, with forty or forty-five thousand inhabitants,
it is proposed to bring'-a daily supply of sixty
millions of gallons.
Now, sir, if gentlemen will examine into the
particulars of the report, they will find that the mil-
itary engineer in charge of this work proposes to
use, or rather, I suppose, he would have to use,
fifty-nine sixtieths of that water for manufacturing
purposes. It is notso stated in terms m the report;
but the appropriation of the water to manufactur-
ing purposes is distinctly pointed out; and jt must
be used for that purpose, or it must he wasted.
1 have been informed—whether correctly or not I
cannot say—that, should this water be brought in
the quantity proposed, the portion of it which
could be disposed of for manufacturing purposes
would provide a water power equal to that at the
city of Lowell. The statement may be exagger-
ated; but, sir, one of the gentlemen who has ex-
amined into this subject, Colonel Hughes, the
engineer who made a survey some years ago,
states that the highest quantity of water proposed
!j to be furnished to each individual inhaoitant, in
|j any city in the world, is thirty gallons a day. At
!j that rate, for the present population of the city of
I; Washington, only one million two hundred thou-
!| sand gallons per day would be required.
Now, we propose to provide water m so liberal
a manner that it will supply a population more
than sixty times as large as that of the city of
Washington. What are we doing? What are
we thinking of? If you will appoint a hoard of
j] engineers to examine the report of Mr. Meigs m
l| reference to these water-works, I venture to say
i; that it will be shown conclusively that the estab-
j I lishment which he proposes to build cannot be built
i] for three times the amount which he has esti-
mated. But even if it could be built for the sum
proposed, that is at least ten times as much as the
Government ought to expend for the people of
Washington and Georgetown together, and a hun-
dred times as much as the Government ought to
provide for its own use.
I Mr. McMULLlN. Will the gentleman inform
| the House whether the original plan of iron
! pipes would furnish a sufficient quantity of water
> for the city, or not?
| Mr. STAJNTON. I can tell the gentleman that
| that was the plan to bring the water from Rock
j Creek, which is purer than that of the Potomac, and
j that an abundance could be supplied for a pop-
I ulation five times as great as that of Washington
j city, and that the whole cost would be less than
| a million of dollars, while the probability is that.
' the plan under discussion will cost eight or ten
i times as much.
| Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to in-
! crease the amount proposed by the gentleman from
j Pennsylvania §100,000.
| The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton]
1 argues that this plan which has been adopted by
the President of the United States, pursuant to
the law of the last Congress, is upon too extrav-
agant a scale, and will bring too much water into
the city. I do not know what plans were "sub-
mitted to the President, nor do I know how far he
exercised a wise judgment in coming to his con-
clusion; but, for one, I am inclined to believe that,
whether right or wrong, we should not go behind
that decision.
So far as the bringing of too much water into the
city is concerned, if that is considered any ob-
jection, I arn against the gentleman from Tennes-
see. You cannot have too much. I want no
Lowell privileges here for manufacturing pur-
poses. but I want a plenty of water, good water,
and pure water, and I should not care if the entire
stream of the Potomac were turned into the city.
I would not care if its whole current were turned,
to-dsy, in the city; and if if. were, it would not
be too much to wash out the filthy streets and
lanes, alleys and avenues, ws see around us. I
want an abundance of water. We cannot have
too much; there is no danger of enor on that
side.
But, Mr. Chairman, I wish to call the attention
