1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1507
of the committee to the facts connected with the
history of this matter.
At the last session of Congress we adopted the
following1 provision in the appropriation bill:
" To bp pvpcndod under the direction of the Pre«i<lf>nt of
the United States, for the purpose of bringing water into the
city of Washington, upon *uoli plans, and from such places,
as he may approve, $300,000: Provide0, That if trie plan
adopted by tfto President of the United States should in-
quire water to be drawn from any source within the limits
of Maryland, the assent of the Legislatuie of that State
should first bo obtained."
Upon the adoption of that provision the Presi-
dent of the United States, in pursuance of the
authority given him, accepted the plan which he
considered the best one. All the plans were before
him. He exercised the power conferred on him
doubtless to the best of his ability and judgment
The gentleman from Tennessee is opposed to that
plan approved by the President.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. If the gen-
tleman will allow me, I will ask him if he is in
favor of bringing into the city of Washington
thirty or forty millions gallons of water per day
for manufacturing purposes?
Mr. STEPHENS. Ceitainly not. ,
Mr. STANTON. Well, sir, that is included
in the project,
Mr. STEPHENS. Well, sir, I do not know
what may be in the project, but this plan was ac-
cepted by the President of the IJmted States.
Mr. STANTON. The report of Captain Meigs
contains this among the other items of the pro-
ject.
Mr. STEPHENS. Well, sir, I do not propose
to go into the particular merits or demerits of either
of the plans or projects; these were all before the
President, to whom Congress submitted the mat-
ter. The gentleman objects to the one adopted by
the President, because it provides too much water.
I repeat, that I do not care if it brings the broad
Potomac itself into the city. I do not care how
many gallons, or how manjr millions of gallons,
it brings. The whole river, in my opinion, would
not be too much. But we gave the President the
power to adopt a plan. Fie has (fcrne it, and 1 am
bound to believe he acted as wisely and prudently
with all the facts before him, as we could have
done, or can now do. I have no evidence to the
contrary. No man has risen to impeach the in-
tegrity of the President, or that of the engineer.
Well,then,what are we fo do? Are we to under-
take to decide anew upon these several conflicting
plans5 I say no; go on and complete the work
according to the plan decided upon. Let us go
on and provide the necessary means for carrying
it into effect, and supplying the city with the
greatest abundance of water at the cheapest rates,
and in the most practicable way. From the Great
Falls it will cost very little more to bring a large
supply than a small one. And when the supply
is furnished, I care not whether the surplus, after
the legitimate wants of the city are satisfied, be
used for manufacturing purposes or not. If this
additional advantage wiil accrue from the larger
supply from the Great Mis at a small increase of
cost, it is no objection, in my opinion, to the plan
adopted by the President.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. The honorable
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] said,
" Go on!" i say, stop! I have not risen to op-
pose this plan, or to advocate any other. I have
nothing to say in disparagement of deriving the
water from the Potomac; and nothing to say m
praise of deriving it from Rock Creek. I am op-
posed to the execution by the Government of any
plan, whatever, for supplying this city with water.
In my judgment, sir, we are on the threshold
of a vast expenditure of money. Government
had better retrace its steps than go forward. If
it goes forward, it will find itself involved, not only
in a great loss of money, but in difficulties that
will call for legislation, and that will consume
much of the costly time of Congress. And that
it will find its execution of the work the occasion
of no little corruption to itself and to others, is
what all experience in such matters teaches us to
expect.
This work can be done, and be kept m repair,
by individual enterprise, at one half the expense
it would be to Government. Why, then, should it
not be entrusted to individual enterprise- Let
Government offer half a million, or, if prope*', a
million of dollars, to the responsible association
that shall undertake to supply the city with water,
and the offer will be promptly accepted. But it
is said, that there is not enterprise enough among
the people of this city to get up such an associa-
tion—not wealth enough to accomplish the object
of it. 1 think better, however, than this of both the
enterprise and ability of the people of Washing-
ton. But if either will not, or cannot, do the
work, there are Yankees enough who will; and
not only Yankees enough, but people enough in
every part of the country, who will do it.
Of course, I would have Government require,
in return for its grant to the proposed association,
the fullest liberty to use the water for alt possible
governmental purposes. And I would have Gov-
ernment prescribe the general plan of the work—
at least, some of its main features.
J hardly need say that i arn willing, more than
willing, to have Government pay for the water
in full proportion to the value of its buildings and
their precious contents, and to the value of its
various great interests here, among which is the
importance of preserving the health of its numer-
ous servants collected here. Indeed, I would have
Government bear more than such proportion of
the expenses for the common welfare of the city.
It is the misfortune of our nation that its capital
is m the midst of u people who cannot be a self-
subsisting people. To a great extent Government
must ever carry and sustain the people of this city.
I am not of the number of those who think it
would have been unwise to establish the capital
in one of our great seats of commerce A people
who support themselves are quite as virtuous and
intelligent and safe a people as are they who lean
largely upon others for their living.
But it is said, that if Govei nment does this work
it will deiive a great income from it. 1 do not
believe that it will derive any income from it. It
will be too much out of harmony with its dignity
for Government to be peddling water, if Govern-
ment does the work, the people of this city will
never be taxed for their water. The whole tax,
m that case, will rest upon the whole people of
the country. You might as well expect that Gov-
ernment should erect toll-gates on the bridges it
owns around this city, and stop passengers for
their pennies, as expect that it will descend to the
little business of selling or leasing water.
This city should be supplied with water, both
abundantly and speedily; and, as I have said', I
am willing to have Government contribute liber-
ally toward the expense of it; but its contribution
must be in a way consistent with the office of Gov-
ernment. Not for the sake of doing any good
may Government exceed its province. Govern-
ment may do nothing that its citizens can do;
least of all may it do anything that they can do
better than it can.
I love the city of Washington. I love it, because
it was founded by the greatest of all great names.
I love it, because it does itself wear that greatest
name. I love it, because it is the capital of our
nation—the seat of Government of our beloved
country. I love it for its great natural beauty,
that marks every part of this broad and magnifi-
cent amphitheater; and all the more do I love it
because this beauty is heightened by the embel-
lishments of art. It is true there are two plague-
spots upon its health—two blemishes and blots
upon its beauty- •
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, then, by unani-
mous consent, withdrew bis amendment.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 move to increase the ap-
propriation five dollars.
Mr. Chairman, I deem it my duty to speak in
behalf of this appropriation for many reasons.
It is entitled to my support and advocacy, not only
because of the past action ot Congress, but
because of the great necessity for the work. It
is needless for me, at this day, to urge the necessity
for water in this city. Every member knows and
can appreciate it. Your public buildings and
grounds, your dusty streets and filthy gutters, aii
strongly attest it. If a member, even m tins city,
magnificent as it is claimed to be, takes a. walk
from the Capitol gate to the Treasury building, he
is met and .sickened each step oy most foul and
disgusting odors from accumulating filth along
the avenue.
%V!nle unon this point,! cannot r.vcid condemn-
ing the city nuthonties tor the manner in v/hn.h
the/ allow i>ie avenue to be left. But yet, wi.fl-
out water, how can it be cleansed, and how con
your parched public gardens be refreshed? Go
down to the pool near the western front of this
Capitol, where rises a monument dedicated to the
heroic bravery of your seamen in the Mediterra-
nean, and see the filthy water there, hardly able
to subsist a hundred fish, and trickling down as if
water drops were as scarce as diamonds. We
should have water here, either by authority of the
United States or by the &ty authorities, it is a
disgrace that the capital of this Republic, contain-
ing as it does a population of forty thousand in-
habitants, should not be better supplied with
water, that indispenstble necessity of life. Who
should supply the city with it? if not the inhab-
itants, who? If not Congress, who?
Two years ago Congress solemnly passed a law
authorizing surveys to be made for the purpose of
bringing water into the city of Washington. A
committee of conference, of which my honorable
friend from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] was a mem-
ber, agreed to the proposition, and it passed both
Houses. After that survey had been made, and
after ail examination of the three plans which
were submitted, Congress agreed to appropriate
$100,000 to supply the city with water. I was
astonished at the remarks made by the honorable
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] the
other day, when he said that this House would
have recoiled from making this appropriation of
$100,000, if thev had known what the plan was.
The honorable gentleman from Kentucky must
know that that "plan was before the Senate, this
House, and the country, and that it was discussed
at great length. As a member of this House I
voted against the commencement of these water-
works, upon the ground that they wou'd cost-the
amount enumerated in the plan. The work was
commenced, and the honorable gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. HorsTON,] upon that committee
of conference, ratified the action of Congress. We
i\iade an appropriation of ^100,000, and entered
into a contract with parties for constructing these
works, and shall we now abandon the work, and
lose all we have expended5 The city cannot long
remain without water. If the city authorities bring
it here we shall have to pay more than $300,000
for the use of the water.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was a member of the
committee of conference to which the gentleman
from Maryland alludes. I voted, as it was well
known throughout, against the appropriation for
these water works. But being overruled in the
committee of conference. I did sustain the report
of the committee in the House, because it was
during the closinghours of Congress, when we had
not tune, if the bill to which that appropriation
had been attached had been defeated, to originate
a new one, pass it, and keep up the wheels of Gov-
ernment. i desire to ask the gentleman from Mary-
land, if he supposed at that time that the appro-
priation for the completion of these works would
run up tosorne six millions of dollars? No. We
made an appropriation that was intended to au-
thorize surveys, and then the authority was given
to the President to make a selection of apian, but
so far as 1 was concerned, and I presumethe same
is true of every member of this House at that time,
I did not suppose that we were to pay $3,000,000
or $6,000,000 for the completion of these works.
Because I sustained the bill in which the appro-
priation of $100,000 was made, I would like to
know why the gentleman from Maryland need
refer to me as sustaining the course he sees fit now
to pursue. If thegentleman has other grounds for
his support of this appropriation, he had better
occupy these other grounds. He does not go for
a bill or for an appropriation, simply because I
have recommended it. His votes here show that
he selects bills and appropriations for himself.
And if my honorable friend from Maryland is now
disposed to go for this appropriation, I put it to
him that he ought to place his support of it on its
own merits, if it has any, and not take shelter
under any report of a conference committee ot this
House.
Mr. HAMILTON. It is a high sanction.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir, it is a high sanc-
tion; and I wish thegentleman to consider that
high sanction on other occasions. 1 shall remind
him, doubtless, before the session expires, of occa-
sions when he will Lave an opportunity of taking
shelter under th;n IvjH amotion for the purpose of
stopping some of these improper appropriations.
Mr. Chairman, this plan that lias been selected
