1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1509
that I am charging him with exceeding his powers?
Weil, sir, lhank God, he is not above legitimate
attack from this quarter. I cannot help who or
where a just construction of this law may hit.
But i am not necessarily required to suppose the
President did not act in good faith in this behalf.
I would give hiai credit for so acting. I suppose
he has been compelled to confide this matter, in a
greac measure, to others. Such is usually the
result m this mischievous class of legislation.
And thus, { would hope, he has acted as he
deemed himself authorized to do. But that he
has acted upon a false construction of this act I
must believe, let others look upon this law as they
may. And I venture to repeat, that nine out of
every ten of the members of the last Congress
will bear me out in saying, that they never dreamed
such consequences were to follow the appropria-
tion then made.
But, sir, suppose the President has given the
proper construction to the act, and has but carried
out the intention of the last Congress in what he
has done, the question remains whether we shall
go on or retrace our steps 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BARRY, by unanimous consent, then
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. EWING moved, pro forma, to increase the
appropriation six dollars, and addressed the com-
mittee for five minutes.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I should cer-
tainly fail if I were to attempt to answer the ar-
guments of the gentleman from Kentucky. I
shall content myself, therefore, with endeavor-
ing to oppose the amendment which he has pro-
posed. Now, I beg this committee to remark,
what cannot have escaped the observation of any
gentleman upon this floor, that my statements in
reference to the quantity of water proposed to be
brought here have not been denied,and cannot be
denied. I hold the report of Captain Meigs in
my hand, in which he states the capacity of this
work to bring sixty-seven million five hundred
and ninety-six thousand four hundred gallons of
water daily into the city. Sixty-seven million
gallons of water, when Colonel Hughes states in
his report that the largest quantity he ever knew
estimated for each inhabitant was thirty gallons a
day. Then, on this largest estimate that Colonel
Hughes has ever known, one million two hundred
thousand gallons will be required for the present
population of Washington—twelve millions for
ten times the population. We have five times as
much provided by this work as would suffice for
ten times the present population of Washing-
ton.
I read from Captain Meigs's report, and I desire
gentlemen of the committee seriously to consider
whether they are prepared to adopt his ideas:
The aqueduct from the Great F-alls offers, I think, no
common advantage}-. Amonp them are: the simplicity and
durability of the woik; the purity and abundance of the
source; the extent and capacity of the reservoirs, by which
ample supplies- are grimed to «uard against Occident's and
great emergencies,and which,.allowing space and time lor
periling;, secure the delivery of a supply clear and free fiom
mud; the height at which it is dehveied—fourteen feet
above the upper floor of the Capitol; Us? adaptability toinan-
ufaetnniiH purpo^: the great quantity it will supply, while
it takes from the river only whnt it delivers m the cities,
not diawinir off, a? when machinery h used, seven or eight
times a* much to drive the wheels! as those wheels and
pump« rai^e for use This enables u* to the water more
freely than from either of the others. The streets, hi hot
wenthei, may be flooded <j\erv mormnjr by ho-e. Every
paruete of dint or of ofFal prejudicial to health or comfort
would thus be washed into the ?ewers. The most magnif-
icent fountains could be kept constantly flowing: and the
citv of Washington, unrivaled in grandeur and beauty of
pU  would, in a lew yeais, tefieshed by living streams,
and beautified by sparkling jets and towering columns of
water, become a place of summer resort, and the admiration
of our whole people."'
That is the magnificent plan of Captain Meigs,
not only to bring five times as much water as ten
times the population of Washington would re-
quire, but to have a surplus for manufacturing
purposes. 1 cannot dwell as long upon this mat-
ter as I would wish, for my time is too limited. J
have looked through the estimates of Captain
Meigs, and unless I am guatly mistaken, 1 have
not found any estimate for the foundation of tins
structure; and I should judge, from the reading of
the report made by him, that he proposed to put
it upon the ground without any foundation. I
say that when this work comes to be constructed,
it will necessarily cost two or three times as much
as Captain Meigs has estimated for, if his figures
and statements are worth anything at all. I have
a copy of Captain Meigs's plan here before me,
and he not only proposes to bring water from the
Great Falls, but he proposes to bring water from
Rock Creek. I do not hesitate to state here that
his estimate of the cost of the work at Rock Creek
is studiously exaggerated, while, on the other
hand, his estimate of the cost of bringing the water
from the Little Palls of the Potomac is studi-
ously diminished from what it would realiy cost.
Mr. EWING then withdrew his amendment.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York, i move to
amend the amendment by reducing the appropria-
tion to $100,000.
Mr. Chairman, I believe it has beenfoundtobe
the universal experience in this city, and in every
other place where Governments have carried on
works, that the estimates of engineers have never,
or if ever very rarely, come up to one half of the
amount which the work has actually cost. I have
no doubt that the same experience will be found
verified in this instance. There is a peculiar
faculty in builders alt over the country getting the
Government into undertaking the building of cus-
tom-houses and other works by the appropriation
of $10,000 or $50,000, which they say will cover
the whole cost, and then after the work has beer?
commenced, we find ourselves called upon to sup-
ply deficiencies m the appropriation, year after
year, for a period of ten years, until finally the
original sum is doubled, trebled, and in many in-
stances quintupled. I do not believe that there
can be found a single instance of engineers ever
having made an estimate for the Government of
this country, the amount of which proved to be
in the end more than half the sum that the work
has cost. Not a single instance of the contrary
can be found, I believe, in the past history of such
works.
Well, now, what is this particular proposition?
It is a proposition to expend millions of dollars on
the work of supplying the city with water. For the
benefit of what and of whom is this outlay to be
made? They say here that the Government of
the country has a large amount of public property
here; that its buildings are of immense value. To
be sure the Government does possess a large
amount of buildings here, it has parks in the
city which it is constantly surrounding with iron
fences, and expending vast sums of money upon.
It expends larare amounts annually in adorning
this city, which draws upon the Treasury of the
United States every day and every hour. This
expenditure is lavished for no other purpose save
to adorn the city. This is the character of the
property, with the exception of the national ar-
chives, which it is sought to protect and improve
at this immense expense. And importance is j
sought to be attached to this matter from the fact :
that some public buildings have been burned here. I
But, sir, it was not from any want of water that :
they were burned. They might have any quan- j
tity of water here without the aid of an engineer, ;
or a greater achievement of engineering skill than !
a reservoir. Water enough runs to waste every
day to supply ail the public buikhngtfof the city !
if they were constructed with reservoirs.
Mr. CHANDLER You arc mistaken in that.
Mr. PERKINS. Well, if I am mistaken in
that, certainly I am correct in stating that enough
of water runs to waste about this Capitol to supply
it with any quantity it might require. If we want
water for the protection of this building from fire,
we can have it m any quantity without going to
the Great Falls for it.
Weil, Mr. Chairman, when we have got this
water introduced into the city, when we have spent ;
five or seven millions of dollars upon jt, for whose ^
benefit is it? When the Government of this coun- |
try has got to pay the interest of the money that
will be spent on this enterprise, for whose benefit J
will it all he 5 For that of the property holders of
the city of Washington. If ihis aqueduct 3Sbuilt,
and water conveyed to the city, what will be the
effect of it? The effect will be to make property 1
moie valuable, and to make rents higher. And, 1
Mr. Chairman, let me ask who pays the high
rents in the city of Washington ? It is the Gov-
ernment clerks that pay them; it is the members !
of Congress; it is the persons who liveheie tran-
siently, and who cannot get a decent room in a
boarding-house e\ en in the foutth story, for which
they have not to pay from twenty dollars to thirty
dollars a week. And all this is owing to the ex-
penditures of money here by the Government in
improving the value of property.
Mr. VANSANT. This is no new question
sprung upon this House. As early as 1849 an
appropriation—a homeopathic one to be sure—
was made by Congress for the purpose of survey-
ing these different routes, with a view to the in-
troduction of water into the city of Washington,
The $>500, which was the amount appropriated,
being found inadequate to the survey of even one
route, the city corporation appropriated 01,000 in
addition. That $1,500 enabled the engineer, Mr.
Hughes, to make a survey of one route, over
which the water was to be taken, and that was
from Rock Creek. Subsequently the matter was
taken up again, and &5,000 was appropriated by
Congress for the purpose of making another sur-
vey. Surveys were then raadefrom Rock Creek,
from Little Falls, and from the Great Falls, and
a report of those surveys was made to the Con-
gress of the United States. They were first pre-
sented to the Senate on the 21st of February,and
the report was printed in the daily papers. The
Senate appropriated $150,000 for the work. It
came to the House, and was sent to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the stateof the Union, where
it was passed as it came from the Senate; but the
sum was stricken out in the House, but by a
committee of conference it was restored, and made
$100,000.
Now, when the matter was presented to the
Senate it was fully discussed, and a report was
made of the cost of the construction of the differ-
ent lines. Since it has been introduced here,
this session, every effot^which human ingenuity
could devise has been resorted to for the purpose
of shaking the confidence of this committee in
the capacity of the engineer who has charge of the
execution of the work; and, in my judgment, the
more 'theories they have set up, and the more facts
they have asserted, the more has the tendency
been to strengthen his refutation as an engineer.
The most startling facts, and the most wonder-
ful theories, have been sprung upon this House.
We were told, in the beginning, with an air of
authority which seemed to carry conviction, and
which startled those who have been somewhat
familiar with the subject, and that, too, by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,] that
thewoik for the excavation of the earth was con-
tracted for at $7 50 per cubic yard. Those who
have examined the report upon the subject, are
aware that the excavation of earth is estimated at
from twenty to thiity cents a cubic yard at the
highest. Well, certainly the declaration of such
a fact as that I have referred to was most stort-
hng—the fact that it should not^ost more than
thirty cents, and that it did cost $7 50 per cubic
yard.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to correct the gen-
tleman. I know he does not intend to misrepre-
sent me; but he does not understand what 1 said.
I never said that the excavation of earth cost §7 50.
I spoke of its being rock; and said, at the same
time, that if it had been cast iron it could not have
cost more.
Mr. VANSANT. I am sure the honorable
gentleman from Kentucky does not believe that I
would wilfully misrepresenthim. 1 heard his re-
marks, but have no recollection of his havingsaid
anything about rock excavation. The impression
made upon my mind at the time was, that he
referred to the excavation of earth.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Per-
kins's amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. EWING offered a pro forma amendment,
and addressed the committee in favor of Mr.
Chandler's amendment, and in reply to Mr.
Smith, of New York. [The remarks are with-
held.]
Mr GOODRICH. I am disposed, Mr. Chair-
man, to be as liberal to the city of Washington
as most members of Congress. I am disposed to
go as far as I possibly can, consistently with a
conscientious discharge of the duty which I owe to
others. If 1 could see my way clear, I might be
quite willing to vote for this appropriation; but I
cannot do so while it is in the shnpe it is now. I
agree entirely with the views which have been
presented by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Parker.] 1 was in the last Congress, and had
no more idea then than the gentleman had, that
we were doina: anything by which we were com-
mitting ourselves to any plan which would be
