1510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
brought here, or any contract which should be pre-
sented to this Congress. But I cannot go into that
matter in a five-minute speech.
1 say that this appropriation ou°:ht never to be
made, m my judgment, unless it is dune upon
some principle of division between the United
States and the city of Washington. If the appro-
priation be made, and the water be brought into
the city, it will become a matter of great personal
interest to the inhabitants of this city. 1 have no
doubt at all that the effect will be to increase the
value of private property in this city more than the
sum which it is estimated the work will cost. My
friend from Ohio [Mr.TAYLORj asks how much will
it increase the value of the public property? Very
well; as much as he pleases. Admit it increases
the value of the public property ,$3,000,000, and
my principle is the same. Suppose this Capitol
was in the city of New York, and you were to
bring water there at a cost of two, three, five, or
ten millions of dollars! i want to know on what
principle you can justify this that would not jus-
tify giving water for the whole city of New York.
Sir, if you adopt this principle, you will have to
continue the supply of water for the benefit of pri-
vate property so long as the city lasts, however
much it may increase in size and population.
I say that I cannot consent to vote to do that
unless you will go on some principle of division.
If you will say that the corporation here shall pay
one fourth, so I can save my principle, I am will-
ing to be exceedingly liberal. I am sure no man
can say that the inhabitants of the city of Wash-
ington, now numbering some sixty thousand—
shortly to be more—oughftiiot to pay for the ben-
efits to be derived at least one fourth the expense.
Do that, and to some extent the objection of the
genMeman from New York will be obviated. It
will be done much cheaper in that way. The inhab-
itants of the city are interested in the work, and
let them bear the burden, and the work will be
done better and cheaper ijn that way. But that is
not the point I desire to make, i do not feel au-
thorized to vote an appropriation for a work so
much of which shall inure to the benefit of pri-
vate property, without asking those who own the
property to bear one cent of the burden. 1 there-
fore cannot vote for this appropriation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Ewing's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, i move to increase
the amount proposed in the amendment $100.
Having made some remarks a few weeks ago
upon this proposition, i would not trouble the com-
mittee now, were i not desirous of saying some-
thing in reply to my friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Paukf.h,] in reference to the action of the last
Congress, Me argues as if the appropriation of
§100,000 was only to enable the President of the
United States to select the plan for the work, and
the place from winch the w ter was to be brought.
For one, as a member of the last Congress, I
state that I had a verv dillerent impression.
I hold in my hand Executive Document No.
48, made February 22, being a message
from the President of the CJnittd States, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, a report of Lieutenant Meigs, with sur-
veys, plans, and estimates for supplying the cities
of Washington and Georgetown with water, f
examined these surveys, plans, and estimates;
and, when I voted at the last Congress to make
this appropriation of $100,OuO, I did it with the
distinct understanding that the President of the
United States was empowered to adopt one of
three plans that were submitted to Congress. I
trust gentlemen of (he committee will bear with
me for a moment, while I make a reference to this
report, to showthat there were,at that time, three
plans submitted to Congress, and that the differ-
ence in the expense of each was very immaterial.
I find, on the second and third pages of this re-
port, a recapitulation of the communication from
the President of the United States, of the repott
of General Totten of the surveys made by Cap-
tain Smith, Lieutenant Meigs, and the engineers,
and a recapitulation of the probable expenses of
bringing water, by the three plans, from Rock ;
Creek, Little Falls, and the Great Falls: !
"The aqueduct from Rock Creek, complete,to the Cap 1
ltd, navy-}oid, and public bnilflmes, includim* tb- hifrli I
scrvicein Georgetown, wiii cost fcf,258,8fi,1 Advantages :
over tUe others, cheapnessi supply in winter and spring, 1
26,73-2.30U gallons, but liable, in the heats of summer, to be
diniuw.'tifd to 9,fcH 0,U0;> gallons.
" The Little Falls woik, complete, will cost $1,597,415.
Advantages over the Gu-at Falls project, cheapness ; over
Rock Creek, steadiness of supply; which, at the above
c  &t, will be 12,000,000 of gallons, to be increased m time,
by another pump and wh'.el, to 18,000,000. Disadvantages,
a doubt as to iJie sufficiency of ihe wafer power for a
greater *«uppl} than 12,000,000 of gallons-, and, by M>me en-
gineers whom I have consulted, even lor thw amount in
very drv seasons; want of simplicity j use ot machinery
always, however well constructed, liable to injury and in-
teiruption ; want of reservoir space for settling the water ;
liability to interruption, for a time, during floods.
'' The Great Falls project will cost, complete, $1,921,244.
Constant and everlasting daily supply, 36,015,400 gallons.
Advantages, simplicity and dutahihiy ; perfect security and
inexhaustible, and uutailuig source; lavish use, which can
be indulged m in consequence of abundant supply; power
of street washing, cooling the air, and embellishing the
city hy great lonnUms; use lor driving fainall machines-,
lathes, printing presses, and the like; great space for set-
tling and purifying in reservoirs, and great quantity in store
lor crnerg* ncies ; small expense of keeping up the works
when once established, and consequent low puce of water
delivered in hous>es or factories."
The statements in this recapitulation show a
comparatively small difference in the estimates of
these eminentgentlemen. The report of Lieuten-
ant Meigs now before the members of the com-
mittee shows the probable cost of the aqueduct
from the Great Falls to be $2,300,000. I have a let-
ter in my hand from Mr. Meigs, dated the 25th
of May last, in which he says that, so far from
the cost of this work exceeding the estimate of
§2,300,000, as stated by gentlemen here, there
are responsible men now proposing and willing
to contract for the execution of the whole woik at
$2,300,000. Any gentleman desiring to look at
the letter may see it. And he says, also, that so
far from the cost of the work exceeding his esti-
mates, instead of paying fourteen dollars per cu-
bic yard for excavating rocks, he has had it done
for seven dollats, and Iroin that down to three dol-
lars and one dollar and fifty cents, showing that the
work can be done for even less than the estimated
cost.
Now, then, let me say a few words more in re-
lation to this matter. In this report, which Mr.
Meigs cites, it is stated that the Croton aqueduct
in New York cost $12,000,000; the aqueduct m
Boston, £5,000,000; that it cost $(>00,000 to supply
Jersey cay with water, and 
[Here the hammer fell.J
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of my friend from Ohio to increase the ap-
propriation for this work $100. I think that the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Chandler] is the proper one, and that the
sum indicated in it is just enough for the purpose.
1 was some time since opposed to the appropria-
tion in this form; but I have great confidence in
the judgment of my colleague over the way, [Mr.
Craige,] the chairman of the Committee on Public
Buildings and Giounds, whom, however, I do
not now see in his seat, i know him to be an
economical man in his public character; a strict
constiuctiomst, and all that. He has investi-
gated this subject thoroughly, and he is of opin-
ion—and I rely very much on his judgment—that
the plan adopted had better be carried out. Every
gentleman admits that we need water much in the
District, for the purpose, as my friend on the left
suggests, of making it Washing-town in fact, as
well as in name. [A laugh.j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from North Carolina speaks of the opinion of his
colleague, the chairman of the Committee on Pub-
he Buildings and Urounds. Let me ask him if the
matter has evei been before that committee?
Mr. CLINGMAN. The chai mum fold me he
had investigated the matter thoroughly; and I un-
derstand, in fact, that it was referied to that com-
mittee, As 1 said, I have great confidence in his
judgment, as 1 consider him to be a sale man in
all respects, and opposed to all sorts of lavish ex-
pend itme. 1 was about to say, that it has been
conceded hy every gentleman who has spoken on
the subject, that we very much want water in this
city. These gentlemen, who have adopted and
had charge of the execution of this plan—the
President and our committee—seem to think it the
right one. ! admit that it is a large sum; but I j
have made up my mind to vote for the proposi- J
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. j
I rose, however, not for the purpose of making i
a speech on the subject, but to appeal to the friends j
and foes of the measure to iet us vote upon the
question at once, It is now after three o'clock, I
and the day is Saturday. I am very anxious to
I get this bill out of the way as soon as possible.
| i believe there is but one page more of the Dill to
| be read after we shall have disposed of this
j question. I hope we shali take a vote upon it now,
| and adopt or reject it, so that tve can go on and
i read the other page.
! The question was taken on Mr. Taylor's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I propose the following
amendment to the amendment:
Provided, That 110 portion of Ihe foregoing amount shall
be applied unless the corporations of Georgetown and Wash-
ington shall appropriate and pay a sum equal to one liflh of
the amount, to aid m the construction of "the water-worka
proposed.
When this question was being considered, a few
days ago, in committee, a similar amendment, I'
believe, was moved to the deficiency bill. I felt
called upon at that time to move an amendment
a little different to the one now proposed. I be-
lieve that the amendment I offered provided that,
the corporations of Georgetown and Washington
should defray one fourth of the cost of the work.
I have thought proper to modify the amend-
ment, and to present it in the piesent shape. I
would not be understood, in moving the present
amendment, as entertaining any prejudice against
the citizens of Washington.
It occurred to me that an amendment of this
character would be equitable. The citizens own
a large portion of the property of the city. It is
true that the Government owns a very large
amount of property, and it is necessary that the
Government should be provided with a sufficient
supply of water. But 1 hold that while we are
making appropriations which will have the effect
of enhancing the value of the property of the cit-
izens of the District, they ought,, at least, to come
forward and say to Congiess: " You are bringing
water into the city, by which we are to be bene-
fited, and we will aid in the matter.'
If this appropriation should be made, and the
corporations of Washington and Georgetown
should think proper to make an appropriation, in
accordance with this amendment, to aid in the
work, and the water should be brought into the
city, I would then be willing to vote for a law
which should give those corporations the entire
control of the water, with the exception of aa
much as should be required for the purposes of
the Government, in order to enable them to make
such disposition of it as they choose, for the
purpose of deriving an income from it, to reim-
buise them for aiding to bring it in.
Certainly, sir, it was never the intention of
Congress, when the appropriation of §100,000
was made, to pay that amount simply for a plan
of the work. That certainly would have been a
very extravagant amount to have appropriated for
a plan. And 1 take it for granted that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means never would have
sustained the report of the Committee of Confer-
ence, had they believed that the $100,000 was
appropriated simply for the purpose of procuring a
plan for the construction of water-works
Then, sir, I take it that the President has done
no moie, under this provision, than he was fully
authorized to do by it.
If, then, this sum is to be appropriated for the
purpose of constructing these water-works, 1 think
the amendment which I have submitted should be
adopted with it, and thereby give the corporations
of Washington and Georgetown the opportunity
of cooperating with the Government in bringing
water into the city. That water is needed, judg-
ing from the remarks of gentlemen upon this floor,
cannot be questioned. And 1 am told by my
friends around me that we ought to have better
water, or better whisky; and that if the water
was better, we should not want so much whisky.
[Laughter.]
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to address the
House upon the amendment; but it is so late m
the day that I do not wish to do so now. I there-
fore move that the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr.
Orr) reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
