1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1511
Mr. L£ CCHER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
three o'clock ar.d thirty minutea, tJ. rn.) the House
adjourned unulJVlonday next at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE. |
Monday, June 26, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer. |
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
message from the house. i
A message was received from the House of !
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that they had passed the following
bilis from the Senate without amendment:
A bill confirming certain land claims in Louisi-
ana, iu the Bastrop grant;
A bill to reimburse the Common Council of the
city of New York, for expenditures made for the
first regiment of New York volunteers;
A bifl for the relief of Priscilla C. Simonds;
A bill for the relief of Zadoc C. Inghram;
A bill for the relief ot Llewellen Washington;
and
A bill for the relief of Moses Olmstead.
Also, the following Senate bills, with amend-
ments, in which they requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
A bill for the relief of James Jeffries and Jere-
miah M. Smith; and
A bill for the relief of Ira Day.
Also, that they had passed the following House
bills, in which they requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill to create and provide a pension for David
Towle;
A bill for the relief of Samuel McICnight,of the
State of Kentucky;
A bill for the relief of William Wallace, of the
State of Illinois;
A bill for the relief of George M. Bentley,of the
State of Indiana;
A bill for the relief of William G. Howison;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Captain Mat-
thew Jack, deceased;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Lot Hall,
deceased;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Henry Hoffman; and
A bill to create and provide a pension for Cap-
tain Thomas Porter.
petitions, etc.
Mr. TOUCEY presented resolutions passed by
the General Assembly of the State of Connecti-
cut, m favor of a uniform rate of ocean postage
reduced to the lowest sum practicable; which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and |
Post Roads. . I
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of inhabit- ;
ants of the town of Northampton, Massachusetts, j
praying a redaction in the rates of ocean postage; ,
which was referred to the Committee on the Post I
Office and Post Roads. :
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of Lewis :
Dent, praying to be reimbursed the value ot cer- ,
tam cattle supplied to the commissioners of In- j
dian affairs in California, to enable them to form a
treaty with the Indians in that State; which, to- ;
gether with a document on the subject, was referred ,
' ! Committee on Indian Affairs.
| Also, a resolution of the General Assem'oy of
I the State of Tennessee, in favor of the passage of
I a law allowing a pension to the officers and sol-
I disrs who served in the war of 1812 with Great
; Britain, and in the various Indian wars; which
j wa3 referred to the Committee on Pensions.
1 Also, a resolution of the General Assembly of
: the State of Tennessee, in favor of the passage of
i ar) act that will secure to the mounted volunteers,
'• called mto the service of the United States during
! the Mexican war. payment for horses and equt-
i pages lost m that service; which was referred to the
t Committee on Military Affairs.
| Also, resolutions of the General Assembly of
' the State of Tennessee, in favor of the passage of
j a law allowing Captain William Reed, of Sumner
j county, Tennessee, such compensation as may be
just and reasonable in view of the distinguished
I services rendered by him in 1792-'93, prior to the
I admission of that State into the Union, during the
j Indian wars of that period; which were referred
}] to the Committee on Military Affairs.
i| Also, a memorial of the General Assembly of
| i Tennessee, praying that bounty land may be
ji granted to the Tennessee volunteers who were
i mustered mto the service of the United States for
!j the Mexican war; but were ordered by the com-
'! manding general to return to their homes toawait
ij the orders of the President; which was referred
II to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of inhabitants of the city of t
ants of Ann Arbor, Michigan, praying a reduc-
tion of the rates of ocean postage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
| Post Roads.
i reports from standing committees.
! Mr. PETTIT, from the Committee on Private
| Land Claims, to whom was referred a bill for the
; relief of the assignees or legal representatives of
I Jacques Moulon, reported it back without amend-
j ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Mary Kinner and
Mary C. McCoy, praying indemnity for losses
sustained by them in the depreciation of their
property in consequence of delays interposed by
the land officers in the perfection of their lilies,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee oh .
Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
James Pool, praying the reimbursement of an
amount of money paid by him for supplies for
the Shawnee tribe of Indians, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Claims; which
was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on Pen-
, sions, to whom were referred the following bills
I from the House of Representatives, reported them
i U. UCHl/lUU V- «. HlU«W"«u u VI < ~ — --J I > > • \ J
i Nashville, editors of the various newspapers of j! back without amendment:
that city, and others, praying the reduction of
sea post;\ge on letters at as early a date as it may ji
I be safely accomplished; which was referred to the j;
( Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. j
I Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Myles j;
! T. Wooiley, a soldier in the revolutionary war, ij
! praying a pension; which was referred to the
! Committee on Pensions.
1 Also, additional documents in support of the
| claim of Charles Neilson; which were referred to
| the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
'• Also, a petition of citizens of New "V ork, pray-
: ing that a contract may be entered into with
A bill for the relief of James M. Lewis;
A bill for the relief of Albro Tripp;
A bill for the relief of Henry N. Halsted;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Hammond, of
the State of New York; and
A bill to provide a pension for James K. Welch,
j Mr. WALKER, fiom theCommitteeonIndian
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of the
; Creek nation of Indians, praying compensation
; for lands relinquished to the United States by the
' treaty of Fort Jackson, in 1814, submitted a re-
! port, accompanied by a bill for the relief of the
chiefs, head men, and warriors of the friendly
ers from Brooklyn,New York, to Bremen; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of Thomas
Ap C. Jones, a captain in the Navy, praying the
restitution of his pay, suspended by the sentence
of a court-martial; which was refeired to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of Wil- j
liam B. Scott, late Navy agent at the city of |
Washington, praying to be allowed a commission
on disbursements made by him as pension agent;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. CHASE presented the following petitions,
praying the reduction of the rates of ocean post- i;
age; which were referred to the Committee on the j1
Post Office and Post Roads: j
Petition of inhabitants of Cincinnati, Ohio; i
Petition of J. H. Rottnock and other citizens of j
Greenfield, Ohio; ^ .. \
Petition of J. S. right and otner citizens of j
Chardon, Ohio; '
Herrick and other citizens' of
Petition of J. S
Ravenna, Ohio;
Petitiorrof John J. Janney and other citizens
of Columbus, Ohio; and ..
Petition of J. W. Chaffin and other citizens of j
to the       
Mr. BELL presented resolutions of the General
Assembly of the State of Tennessee, in favor of ,
road shall have commenced operation; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, resolutions of the General Assembly of j
the State of Tennessee, in favor of a grant of pub- ■
lie land, or a loan of Government credit, to auUti
the speedy completion of a railroad to the Pacific,
and suggesting Memphis, in that State, as a cen-
tral terminus for said road; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 1 ennes-
Petit, to the repayment of certain money depos
ited with the register of the lanit office at Craw-
fordsville, Indiana, for the purchase of public land,
and by him convened to his own use; which were
rei'eried to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. FISH presented the memorial of Amarul
& Bastos, merchants at Rio d~
the memorial of Manuel A. F. Barboza, and .ne
•memorial of Jose da Cruz, Luis Vidal Cezar, and
Bentos Pacheco das Santos, praying indemnity
for losses sustained by them in consequence of
report was ordeted to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
two thousand copies of the House Executive docu-
ment relating to the seizure of the Black Warrior,
reported in favor of printing the same, and the
report was concurred in.
brig general armstrong.
Mr. GEYER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate refused to order the engrossment
of the bill for the relief of the claimants of the
private armed brig General Armstrong; which
was entered on the Journal.
suppression of the stave trade.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, 1 had the
! honor to submit a resolution to the Senate on the
22d of May last, directing the Committee on For-
eign Relations to make certain inquiries in regard
: to the African slave trade in the Spanish West
Indies. That resolution was adopted by the
Senate, and I am now instructed by the commit-
'■ tee to report a bill for the more effectual suppres-
1 sion of the slave trade.
I am happy to state, sir, that the committee
unanimously agree that it is not less due to the
honor of the United States than to the obligations
of their Government and people to the cause of
humanity, to continue our efforts to suppress this
inhuman traffic. If there be a single member of
this honorable body who is insensible to the great
duty imposed upon us as a civilized and Christian
people in reference to the slave trade, I ha\e yet
to learn it. I assume it, that, with one heart and
mind, the representatives of the American Stales
Janeiro, Brazil, j! and people, with the hearty concurrence of the
Wi ««.«.!   - ,
^^^'ihe^nk^^s^isiriver j; "1
jubSb WM " * Mr. Ituaut^—d a petition of inhabit-
American President, stand at all times prepared
! to perform their part of the great duty of sup-
i pressing the exportation of slaves from Africa by
' the moststringentand effectual means within their
' But although such is and has been the settled
j desire of all branches of this Government, it is
'■ now apparent that the measures we have adopted,
i although aided by the Powers of the two great
I nations of Europe which stand foremost in the
i march of human progress and Christian civih-
