1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
WIS
vent the abuse of oar flag by means of these sea-
letters in future.
in tins connection, suffer me to say, that the
committee do not believe that the African skve
trade -will ever be arrested by the operation of the (j
eighth ar>icle of the treaty of the Oth of August, 1
1^42, called the Webster and Ashburton treaty, by ■
u hicii about one eighth of our whole naval force I
afloat has been employed on the African coast, at
an annual cost of about §800,000, having captured ;
only twelve slavers in twelve years. A portion of !
that squadron might always be advantageously '
kept on that coast to protect our commerce, and ;
put down piracy. But the greater part of all our
disposable force for the suppression of the slave J
trade should be employed in the Spanish West In-
dies, and it should not consist merely of one or
two heavy frigates, or sloops of war, but chiefly
of small steam propellers, of light draft, mounting j
a heavy gun on a pivot, and with men enough to
enahle them to carry any pirate by boarding. We ■
should faithfully fulfill the stipulation in the treaty j
of Ghent, by always using our best endeavors to j
promoiethe desirable objectof the entire abolition I
of this barbarous traffic; and, as a suitable meas- J
. ure to effect that great object, the committee now
report this " bill for the more effectual suppression
of the African slave trade in American-built ves-
sels.'-
The bill was read a first time, ordered to a sec-
ond reading, and ordered to be printed for the use
of the Senate.
SLAVERY IN THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. CHASE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to prohibit slavery in the
Territories of the United States.
. FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
The Senate proceeded to consider the mption
made by Mr. Rockwell, on the 22d instant, to
refer to the Committee on the Judiciary, the peti-
tion then presented by him from twenty-nine hun-
dred citizens of Massachusetts, praying for the
repeal of the fugitive slave law.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, addressed theSenate
at considerable length, in a speech in which he re-
viewed an address recently issued by several Sen-
ators and members of the House of Representatives
on the passage of the Nebraska and Kansas bill.
[The speech of Mr. Jones will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. ROCKWELL. Mr. President,it is to
only a few of the remarks which have fallen from j!
the honorable Senator from Tennessee [Mr. jj
Jokes] that I have at this time any reply to make. |j
Those remarks relate to a petition which I have jj
introduced into the Senate, as a Senator of Massa- jj
chusetts, and they have been of such a character jl
that i deem it necessary to make some brief reply. :
I regret, sir, that this duty has fallen on me j'
at this time. I regret that it has fallen on meat:
a time; when my distinguished predecessor [Mr. ,
Everett] has been so recently compelled, by the j
pressure of, I trust, temporary ill health to relin- j
quish his seat on this floor, i regret that it has j
not fallen on some other and worthier successor j
to hnn, whom our Commonwealth might have des-
ignated. . !
!t is now scarcely three weeks since, while m !
the pursuance of my humble avocations I received ,
the behest of my State to take my seat upon this
floor. I had resigned every office which had ever i
been conferred on me, and I had chosen to remain
in the walks of private life; but it was the com- ,
mand of the State of Massachusetts thatl should ii
come here, and no citizen is, in my judgment, at j!
liberty to disobey her commands.
The first public act which I had to perform on [
entering the Senate, was to present the petition ||
which has been made the subject of the remarks i
of the honorable Senator from Tennessee. It is .)
a petition signed by two thousand nine hundred ;j
men of Massachusetts. They are principally |[
from the city of Boston, and its vicinity. It is a [
fair representation of the hone and sinew of the j
active business men of the city of Boston. In- ,]
eluded in the signatures to the petition are many jj
others The signers of this petition are lovers of
this Union. They are lovers of the peace and I
quiet of this Union. They send their petition for
the repeal of a law which has been hat four years j;
on your statute-book. They ask for the repeal i
of a law. which was m addition to a law that had !|
been more than fifty yeais upon your sUtute-book, '!
and under which law, without this additional act,
this great country had achieved its greatness. In
the year 1854, they come to this Congress, and
say that a law passed in the year 1850 ought to
be repealed. Is there treason m this? Is it not a
law of Congress? Js it treasonable in the people
of this country to ask for the modification or even
for the repeal of any act of Congress?
But it is said that the source from which this
application comes is one that is worthy of cen-
surable remark; and this is said, too, m a speech
which deprecates agitation, and which is so ad-
mirably calculated to allay agitation! It is said
that the time and the circumstances are to be re-
garded in this matter. What is the time, and what
are the circumstances surrounding it? The time
chosen is after an agitation in this Congress which
i is unprecedented, I believe, in the history of the
' Government. I can confidently say that the feel-
ing created by it in the free States of this Union
is utterly unprecedented, and will be felt to be so
for long years to come. It was immediately upon
the passage of a bill, which was resisted here in
every constitutional form, and in forms which have
been branded as unjustifiable and unconstitutional,
that this petition arose. It is a declaration of
twenty-nine hundred me(i that they think, under
the circumstances of the country, and the recent
passage of the measure to which I have referred,
that the fugitive slave law of ItfoO should be re-
pealed.
ft is true that, immediately after the passage of
the bill, which occasioned such gieat excitement,
which filled all the arteries and veins of this coun-
try with excitement, as all know, a fugitive slave
was arrested m the city of Boston. It did so
happen that there was a popular feeling on the
subject. It did so happen that, on a certain even-
ing, there was an outbreak, an affray, a riot, if
you please, and a homicide. It did so happen,
also, that the constituted authorities of Massa-
chusetts,and of Boston, took this matter into their
hands, and the law which had produced so much
agitation and so much feeling, was executed.
The constituted authorities of the United States
in Boston, telegraphed to the President of the
United States that they wanted no further aid
from him; that the authorities of Boston and
Massachusetts were amply sufficient for all pur-
poses; and that quiet and order existed.
Sir, it was at or about that time that this peti-
tion originated. Do you think that if the hearts
of the three thousand men who sent you this peti-
tion had been filled with riot and with murder,
they would have sent it to you? Do you think
they would have drawn it out and laid it up in
their Merchant's Exchange for everybody who
chose to sign it, and everybody who did not so
choose to pass it by? Do you think they would
thus express their feelings to Congress if their
hearts had been full of riot and murder? There
is no ground for this charge against the citizens
, of the city of Boston. Affrays and homicides
| occur in other portions of this country. They
I occur upon occasions of great popular excitement,
i and they cannot always be avoided. This peti-
tion is, however, itself a proof, and should be a
! advocated the compromise measures of that pe-
j riod. Among the rest he acquiesced in the pas-
I sage of the fugitive slave law. He said, at that
j time, and the words which fell from his lips were
1 regarded by himself and by all others as w„ords
! to be entirely relied upon, as fixed facts that could
; never be changed, that the state and condition of
i the whole territory of the United States, in the
j matter of freedom and slavery, was fixed by irre-
I pealable law. Underlying the acquiescence which
j followed upon those compromise measures of
j 1850, was ihat belief on the part of the whole
J population of the free States, that the condition of
| the Territories was fixed by an irrepealable law.
If it bad not been for that, there would have been
no such acquiescence; and proof of it is found in
the very petition I have presented here. Ap-
pended to it are the names of a great many per-
sons who were actively engaged in reconciling the
public opinion to a support of and acquiescence
m that system of measures.
When this Congress met, all was quiet. When
the measure proposing the repeal of the Missouri
compromise was introduced, it was impossible for
men to believe that it was to be carried out; but
it proceeded, and day after day the conviction was
forced upon our people that it was to be carried
out. Then this excitement was occasioned. Sir,
I will say now, that it has proceeded further than
| a mere requisition for the repeal of the fugitive
j slave law. It does proceed, as is stated in the ad-
; dress on which the Senator has commented, to a
requisition to repeal the provision of the Kansas
and Nebraska bill which repeals the Missouri
compromise. It goes upon the ground, and it will
proceed upon the ground, that there are no sacred
compromises outside of the Constitution of the
United States—that there are no laws which can-
not be repealed—that there is nothing in the na-
ture of law or compromise which Congress cannot
and may not be asked to repeal.
This petition asks simply and directly for the
repeal of the fugitive slave law. It does not ask .
for a modification of that law. It expresses the
opinions of the petitioners, thatsomethmg should
be done; and they have not stopped to weigh their
words, but they say distinctly and directly that
they want that law repealed. They undoubtedly
wish its repeal for two prominent reasons—be-
cause it does not recognize the right of trial by
jury, and because it does not recognize the writ
of habeas corpus. They ask for a repeal of the
law, because it contains a denial of those provis-
ions. This is an expression of their dissatisfac-
tion with the law.
Mr. President, I have shown that there is no
difficulty between the Government, of the United
I States, and the government of the State of Mas-
! sachusette, but there is a difficulty between the
! Government of the United States and a large por-
! tion of its people. A large portion of the people
] of the United States are dissatisfied with the meas-
i ures of Government. What course do they take?
! I am not undertaking to say here, and I do not
I say that there may not hereafter be a party even
! in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, which
will sustain these measures. I know there are
conclukve proof asTo all who presentit here, that || members of a party there who now sustain them
?L,, nii ,n„nection whatever with any pro- i! 1 do not know but that there may be more of the
they have no connection whatever with any pro
ceedings of violence.
But, sir, I have said, and I say again, m con
nection with that portion of the Senator's -=
members of that party who will hereafter sustain
I them. But I say that any party which sustains
them there or in any of the free States will, in my
rksin'Veferepce 'to this subject, that there is adjudgment, "grow small by degress, and beauti-
rKS " 1 1 ■ - «-J .i— 'fully less." I say there is such a pervading pub
ma..,., „ .
feeling throughout the free States of this ™^10n
the like of which has never existed before. 1 here
have been debates in Congress in relation to the
character of some of those who have presented
petitions and memorials here. Whole classes of
men have been denounced for that. I tell you,
gentlemen, that, whatever you may say in rela-
tion to the propriety, the duty, or the personal
character or the profession of the clergy, the min- ;
isters of the Gospel, they have a right to present i
their petitions, and you should regard their pett- !
tions not merely as the expression of their own |
sentiments, sentiments as pure and disinterested j
as those of any class, but the expression of the i
Sentiments of the population m which they are
situated—the index and the exponent of a general ;
feeling. It is so; it will be found to be so. Is :
' ' I think there is, and that.
! lie sentiment that this must be the result.
i Now, sir, when there is a difficulty between the
I Government of the United States and a portion of
I its people, what is the duty of that portion of the
I people? Is it not to address the Government, to
| state the cause of the grievance, and to ask for spe-
' cific redress? Js not this done ? It has been truly
said by the honorable Senator that this is not the
; only petition that has been presented or that will
; be presented. It is true, that the same feeling per-
< vades great masses of the citizens of this country,
j and the same feeling will exhibit itself heteafter.
|! Now, what I ask, is, that this petition shall be
!| referred to the appropriate committee, and receive
its respectful and attentive consideration. 1 say
the Government of the United States is bound to
do that, and no less, with such a petition.
Sir, in regard to the remarks of the honorable
Senator from Tennessee, in relation to the effect
there cause lor it?
cause I will explain. _ . ,
JZ jETwStaE S^Stoor-d ii wh^rthr^afof "^'fugitive akre law may
