1516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
military force to assist them in the execution of i
their duty." The elaborate answer of Massachu- ;
setts—a paper which is one of the corner-stones
of our history—drawn by Samuel Adams, was i
pronounced^* the ravings of a parcel of wild enthu- !
siasta," even as recent proceedings in Boston, |
resulting in the memorial before you, have been j
characterized on this floor. Was I not right m |
adducing this parallel ? j
The country was aroused against the execution \
of the act. And here Boston took the lead. In J
formal instructions to her Representatives, adopted ;
unanimously in town meeting at Faneuil Hall, |
 the following rule of conduct was prescribed: j
a Wo. therefore, think it our indispensable duty, in jus- j
tice to ouiselves and posterity, as it in our undoubted priv j
ilegft. m the mo?t open and umes-erved, but decent and i
lespectful term*!, to declare our greateM dissatisfaction with
this law. Jlnd ue think it ineumbent uyon you by no means
to join in any public measw e<> for countenancinn ond assist'
ing in the execution of the same. But to use your bo-t oil- I
de.ivors in the Genera! Assembly to have the inherent in- j
alienable rights ot the people of this province averted, and
vimlu-Ated, and lett upon the public record, that postenty
may never have loason to charge the present limes with tiie
guiii ol tamely giving them away."
The opposition spread and deepened, and one
of its natural tendencies was to outbreak and vio-
lence. On one occasion in Boston it showed itself
in the lawlessness of a mob, of a most formidable,
character, even as is nowchaiged. Ltbeity, m
her struggles, is too often driven to force. But the
town, at a public meeting in Faneuil Hall, called
without delay, on the motion of the opponents of
the Stamp Act, with James Otis as chairman, con-
demned the outrage. Eager in hostility to the
execution of the act, Boston cherished municipal
order, and constantly discountenanced all tumult,
violence, and illegal proceedings. On these two
grounds she then stood; and her position was
widely recognized. In reply, March 27, 1766, to
an address from the inhabitants of Plymouth, her
own consciousness ofduty done is thus expressed:
<v If tho inhabitants of Boston linvo taken the legal ami
warrantable measures to j* event that misfortune of all
others the most to be dreaded, the execution of the Stainp
Jld, and, as a necessity means ot preventing it, have made
any spirited applieamms /or opening tlm cuMorn-hou^e*
and courts of justice ; it, at the same tun/*, they have hoi no
their testimony ugnmU outrageous tumults and illegal ■pro-
ceedingSy and given any example ot the love ot peace and
good order, nevt to Hits consciousness<>r having done their
duty is the satisfaction of meeting with the appiobation of
any of their lellow-eountrymen."
. Thus was the Stamp Act annulled, even before
its actual repeal, which was pressed with assi-
duity, by petition and remonstrance, on the next
meeting of Parliament. Among the potent influ-
ences was the entire concurrence of the merchants,
and especially a remonstrance against the Stamp
Act by the merchants of New York—like that
now made against the Slave Act by the merchants
of Boston Some asked at first only for its modi-
fication. Even .Tames Otis began with this mod-
erate desire. The King himself showed a dispo-
sition to yield to this extent. But Franklin, who
was then m England, when asked whether the ;
Colonies would submit to the act, if mitigated in
certain particulars, replied: "No, never, unless
compelled by force of arms." The great Com-
moner, William Pitt, in an ever memorable speech,
uttered words which fitly belong to this occasion.
He said:
" Sir, I have been charged with giving birth to sedition in
America. Thev have s-poken their sentiments with free-
dom against thi-i unhappy act, and that freedom has become
their cmne. Sorrv I am to hear the liberty of speech m
tins fjou.-c imputed as crime, But the imputation shnll
not discourage mo. It is a liberty I mean toeveicise. Nf)
gentleman ought to b>> atraid to eKerci>e it. It i* a liberty
by w Inch ihegentleman who calumniates it might and ought
to have pmlited The gentleman telN us America is ob
annate; Ameisca is almost m open rebellion. I rejoice
that America has reefed ; three million*? of people >o dead
to nil tin: feeling ol liberty, a  voluntarily to s-ubmit to be^
slaves, would have been fit instruments to make slaves of
all the rect. f would not debate a paiticular point of law |
with the gentleman ; hut I draw my ideas ol freedom from ]
the vnai power? ol the HritHi Constitution—not from the
ei ud - ami fallacious notion** too much relied upon, a* if we
were but in the morning ot liberty. I can acknowledge no
M'ueiat'on for any procedure, law, or ordinance that is
repugnant to reason and the first elements of om Constitu-
tion. The Americans have been wronged. They have
been driven to madness. Upon ttie whole, I will begleave
to tell the House what j? really my opinion. It is. that the
Stamp Act he repealed, absolutely, totally, arid immediately,
and that the reason fur the repeal be assigned, because U
was founded on an erroneous pnucsple."
Thus spoke this great orator, at the time tute-
lary guardian of American liberty. He was not
unheeded. Within less than a year from its ou-
ginal passage, the Stamp Act—assailed as uncon-
stitutional on the precise grounds on which we
assail the existing slave act—was driven from the
statute-Look.
But, sir, the Stamp Act was, at most, an infringe-
ment of civil liberty only, not of personal liberty.
It touched questions of property only, but not the
personal liberty of any man. Under it no freeman
could be seized as a slave. There was an unjust
tax of a few pence, with the chances of amerce-
ment by a single judge without jury; but by this
statute no person could be deprived of that vital
right of all, which is to other rights as the soul to
the body—the right of a man to himself As liberty
is mofe than property, as man is above the beasts
that perish, as Heaven is higher than earth, so
are the rights assailed by an American Congress
above those once assailed by the British Parlia-
ment; and juxt in this proportion must be our con-
demnation of the Slave Act by the side of the
Stamp Act. And this will yet be declared by his-
tory.
I call upon you, then, to receive the memorial,
and heaiken to its prayer. All other memorials
asking for changes in existing legislation are
treated with respect, promptly referred,and acted
upon. This should not be an exception. The
memorial simply asks the repeal of an obnoxious
statute, which is entirely within the competency
of Congress. It proceeds from a large number of
respectable citizens whose autograph signatures
are attached, it is brief and respectful m form;
and, in us very brevity, shows that spirit of free-
dom which should awaken a generous response.
In refusing to receive it or refer it, according to
the usage of the Senate, or in treating it with any
indignity, you olfer an affront, not only to these
numerous petitioners, but also to the great right
of petition, which is here never more sacred than
when exercised in behalf ot freedom against an
obnoxious statute. Permit me to add, that by
this course you provoke the very spirit which you
would repress. There is a certain plant which is
said to grow when trodden upon. It remains to be
seen if the Boston petitioners have not something
of this quality. But this 1 know, sir: that the slave
act, like vice, is of so hideous a mien, that "to
be hated it needs only to be seen;" and the occur-
rences of this day will make it visible and palpable
to the people in new forms of injustice.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, 1 wish to
know, as I came into the Senate Chamber since
the discussion commenced, what is the proposi-
tion before the body?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Noumsin
the chair.) The question is on the motion to refer
the memorial to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUTLER. It becomes me, then, as chair-
man of that committee, to say one or two words.
I have never had any very great confidence in
what is called the fugitive slave law. It became
my duty certainly, as the organ of the Committee
on the Judiciary, to report a bill outof which grew
the present act known as the fugitive slave act.
My opinion always has been, however, that, pri-
marily, there ought to have been no fugitive slave
act at all, but that, under the Constitution of a Con-
federacy of slaveholding States—for these were
slaveholding States at the time of the formation of
the Constitution—each State was bound to perform
its own duty in carrying out the mandates of
that Constitution. The Constitution contained
obligations of States as parties to see them per-
formed; and if each State would do its full duty—
the duty of compact-stipulation—m good faith,
Congress, as the representatives of the States,
would never have been called on to provide such
a measure as the fugitive slave act.
Now, I must be permitted to ask the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Rockwell,]
who has spoken m a temper that I somewhat
commend, with his solemn declaration that the
feeling which has been excited at the North by
the passage of the Kansas and Nebraska bill can-
not be extinguished; that the fires which have been
kindled are to continue; does he suppose that any
report made by the Committee on the Judiciary
could appease a sentiment which has been ex-
pressed, and, I believe, exaggerated by the speech
of his colleague; a speech whose whole style, tone,
and character does not become a Senate, especially
a Senate representing a constitutional Confeder-
acy;^ speech that I regaid as a poor edition of
his other speeches on the same subject? It might
have suited for the 4th of July, which comes on
in a few days. Do gentlemen suppose, after the
declarations which they have made, that any act
or any measure, recommended by the Judicialy
Committee, could satisfy the feelings of which
they have given us such notice? Sir, I will not
go into this matter; but there is one thing which
I wish to say in reply to the honorable gentleman
who sits near me, [Mr. Sumner ] When Faneuil
Hall was illustrated by eloquence, and immoi-
talized by,patriotism; when Otis spoke, and John
Hancock acted, and John Adams made the dec-
larations which have been so much applauded by
the gentleman, they were the representatives of
slaveholding States. They represented Massa-
chusetts as she teas—hardy, slaveholding Massa-
chusetts. Sir, when^blood was shed upon the
plums of Lexington and Concord, in an issue made
by Boston, to whom was an appeal mode, and
from whom was it answered? Theanswer is found
m the acts of slaveholdingStates—animis opibusque
■parati. Yes, sir, the independence of America,
to maintain republican liberty, was won by the
arms and treasure, by the patriotism and good
faith of slaveholding communities.
Sir, the Senator has chosen to exhibit a good
deal of sensibility upon abstract questions of lib-
erty; but he knows that this Confederacy could
not have been formed without a Constitution made
hy practical statesmen, in which New England
entered into a compact with slaveholders. If the
sentiments which he entertains now be the general
sentiments of Boston and Massachusetts, it is a
Commonwealth which ought not to belong to a
Confederacy of slaveholders. That ought to be
their feeling. If they cannot associate with us,
under a common Constitution, let them say so.
Sir, the gentleman has made his declarations with
much pomp, and, 1 rauet say, not with his usual
taste; with a species of rhetoric which is intended,
I suppose, to feed the fires of fanaticism which he
has helped to kindle in his own State—a species
of rhetoric which is not becoming the gravity of
this body. Let me tell him that when all those
distinguished acts took place, to which he has
alluded, they came from the organs of a public
opinion representing peaceful wisdom—those who
made compacts to observe them—those who could
have their own, but could respect and conform to-
the opinions of others. They were gentlemen.
Perhaps, sir, 1 have said more than I ought to
have said on this subject; but when gentlemen
rise and flagrantly misrepresent history, as that
gentleman has done, by a fourth of July oration,
by vapid rhetoric, by a species of rhetoric which,
I am sorry to say, ought not to come from a
scholar—a rhetoric with more line color than real
strength—I become impatient under it. I speak
very ditferently of the other honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Rockwell.] He spoke
with calmness, gravity, and dignity; and I at-
tended to him. {lis warning would give me some
understanding of the state of feeling which I would
be inclined to respect. 1 respect a man who speaks
under the sanction of responsibility which seemed
to pervade that Senator's bosom. He was the
selected representative to present the petition.
He has discharged the office, and has spoken in
the soberness of one expressing conviction; and
in that spirit—not as a rhetorician, playing; a part—
I must regard his representations. If they shall
be the prevailing sentiments of those for whom he
has spoken, they make the issues ofseparution.
I have never made a threat on this floor; but I
will tell him that if these agitations go on, the con-
sequence will be that an issue will be made be-
tween the North and the South. Each section
will become united—maintaining the position of
units. 1 do not undertake to indicate those things;
but. will say, if sectional agitation is to be fed by
i such sentiments, such displays, and such things
' avS come from the honorable gentleman near me,
i [Mr. Sumner,] I say we* ought not to be in a
common Confederacy, and we should be better off
without it. In such a state of things, I might well
enteitain feelings of respect for the gentleman—as
representing a different confederacy. 1 will not
suppose a hostile confederacy; but even if such
should be its character—if I do not mistake the gen-
tleman—he would extend to me the protection of
an honorable and respected Hag. My condition is
different when 1 am assailed by a confederate,
making war upon me under the covering of a com-
mon camp. In one, and a plain word, if thepro-
