1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1517
ceedings of this Senate are to be made the vehicle of
denunciation or assault, the thing cannot be toler-
ated. Sir, I atn understood to be somewhat an
excitable man, but I have never here, on any occa-
sion, made any remark which I am not willing to
qualify, and make conformable to the judgment
which my responsible position would require of
me. I can, as 1 do, entertain strong feelings,but
they shall not find expression in violent threats.
Such, I may well appeal to the Senate, has not
been my habit. 1 have been betrayed into remarks
not intended.
1 rose, however, simply to say that, so far as
regards myself, I am perfectly willing that this
memorial shall be referred. If we respond to it
by saying that the law should not be repealed, I
do not think it is going to appease the feeling at
the North, according to the expressions made by
honorable gentlemen; and if we say it shall be
repealed, that certainly will not satisfy the coun-
try. Then if the object be to make the issue be-
tween the North and the South, let the issue come.
Let it come with dignity;let it be met in calmness
of spirit. I do not want any of these flaming
speeches here, calculated to excite merely—to feed
a flame without seeing where it shall extend. No,
sir, do not let us involve the country in a contest
to be decided by mobs—infuriated by the flaming
speeches of servile orators. Let the proud civili-
zation of the country never be committed to the
chances of anarchy, let us live together under a
constitution, or let us separate with purpose and
dignity.
I have said I am perfectly willing, so far as I
am concerned, to let the memorial be referred;
but I wish to ask the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, who presented it, [Mr. Rock-
well,] a question; and I believe, from the impres-
sion which he made on me to-day, that he will
answer it. If we repeal the fugitive slave law, will
the honorable Senator tell me that Massachusetts
will execute the provision of the Constitution with-
out any law of Congress ? Suppose we should take
away all laws, and devolve upon the different
States the duties that properly belong to them, 1
would ask that Senator whether, under the preva-
lence of public opinion there, Massachusetts would
execute that provision as one of the constitutional
members of this Union? Would they send fugi-
tives back to us after trial by jury, or any other
mode? Will this honorable Senator [Mr. Sum-
ner] tell me that he will do it?
Mr. SUMNER. Does the honorable Senator
ask me if I would personally join in sending a fel-
low-man into bondage* "Is thy servant a dog,
that he should do this thing
Mr. BUTLER. These are the prettiest speeches
that I ever heard. [Laughter.] He has them
turned down m a book by him, 1 believe, and he
has them so elegantly fixed that I cannot reply to
them. [Laughter.] They are too delicate for my
use. [Renewed laughter.] They are beautiful
things; made in a factory ot rhetoric somewhat of a
peculiar shape. But, 1 must be permuted to say, not
of a definite texture. Now, what does he mean by
talking about his not being a dog? [Continued
laughter.] What has that to do with the Consti-
tution, or the constitutional obligations of a State?
[Laughter.] Weil, sir, it was a beautiful senti-
ment, no doubt, as he thought, and perhaps he
imagined he expressed it with Demosthenian ab-
ruptness and eloquence. [Laughter.] I asked
him whether he would execute the Constitution
of the United States without any fugitive slave
law, and he answered me, is he a aog 
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator asked me if I
would help to reduce a fellow-man to bondage?
1 answered him.
Mr. BUTLER. Then you would not obey
the Constitution. Sir, [turning to Mr. Sumner,]
standing here before this tribunal, where you
swore to support it,you rise and tell me that you
regard it the office of a dog to enforce it. You stand
in my presence, as a coequal Senator, and tell me
that it is a dog's office to execute the Constitution
of the United States?
Mr. PRATT. Which he has sworn to sup-
I recognize no'such obliga-
port.
Mr. SUMNER.
tion.
Air. BUTLER. I know you do not. But
nobody cares about your recognitions as an indi-
vidual; but as a Senator, and a constitutional rep-
resentative, you stand differently related to this
body. But enough of this.
Mr. MASON. [ wish to inquire if a motion
has been made to refer this petition?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question is on the motion to refer it to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MASON. I desire most respectfully to
know from what quarter that motion came? What,
honorable Senator made the motion?
Mr. PRATT. The honorable senator from
Massachusetts who first spoke, [Mr. Rockwell ]
Mr. MASON. The Senator who introduced the
petition. I had hoped, Mr. President, after the
compact (if I may so express it) which had been
entered into between the various States of the Con- \
federacy in enacting this law, that debate would j
not again have arisen upon it; and I had hoped, j
also, that the dignity of the American Senate ;
would not havebeen subjected to theassaults made !
on it this day by one who is a Senator from -
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] I say, sir, the :
dignity of the American Senate has been rudely, ;
wantonly, grossly assailed by a Senator from 1
Massachusetts, and not only the dignity of the
Senate, but of the whole people, trifled with m the
presence of the American Senate, either ignorantly
or corruptly—I do not know which, nor do I care.
Sir, that Senator said that the law for the recla-
mation of fugitive slaves denied to a citizen the
privilege of the habeas corpus, which was secured
to him by the Constitution. I repeat, such a dec-
laration in reference to that law was made, either
ignorantly or corruptly, for corrupt purposes.
There is nothing like it in the law. The law does
not deny the privilege of the habeas corpus; and if
it did, it would have been a dead letter.
Why, sir, the experience under the law is, that
the habeas corpus issues, and there is nothing in
the law which says to the contra.! y; and yet.the
Senator, discharging what, 1 suppose, he considers
his duty to those who sent him here, has had the
temerity to declare that this law violated the Con-
stitution in refusing the habeas corpus. Sir, this
i writ is to inquire only into the legality of the de-
i tention, and the law so recognizing it bases us
provisions only upon the question of the legality
of the detention; and if it is proved that the fugi-
tive was held to service, or labor, and did escape,
whether justly so held or no, under the Constitu-
tion, he is to be returned whence he escaped. Sir,
the proof establishes the legality of the arrest and
detention, and is an answer to the writ of habeas
corpus; and m this the fugitive slave law does not
depart from the policy regulating the administra-
tion of all penal law. One arrested as a fugitive
from justice is entitled, on his arrest, to a habeas
corpus—(or what? To determine whether he com-
mitted the offense with which he was charged, at
the place whence he escaped? Certainly not;
but to determine only whether he was so charged
m proper form of law to authorize his detention
until a trial could be had; and proof that he was
so charged is then, also, an answer to the habeas
corpus, and he must be remanded without in-
quiring whether the charge is true or false.
I do not know whether the Senator claims to be
a jurist; i know not his position at home; but I
know something of his associations there from
his language here. Sir, he has denounced a gen-
; tleman from Virginia who goes under the pro-
; tection of the Constitution, and the sanction of
; the law into his State, to reclaim his property.
I He has the boldness to speak hereof such a man
las "a slave-hunter from Virginia." Sir, my
| constituents need no vindication from me from
[ such a charge, coming from such a quarter. The
: Senator from Massachusetts, in the use of such
! vulgar language here, betrays the vulgarity of his
j associations at home; and shall it be tolerated in
* the American Senate ? Yes, sir, a gentleman from
the South, who goes under the protection of that
Constitution which the Senator has sworn to sup-
port, and which he just now declared he would be
a dog to execute or to recognize; a gentleman from
Virginia who goes to his State under the protec-
. tionSof the Constitution and the sanction of the
ii hw, to reclaim his property, may be subject to
I! vulgar denunciation, but only by vulgar men.
' Mr. President, I differ from the honorable Sen-
ator from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] who
'■ said, as I understood him, that this law had not
: I done its office. Sir, it has done its office. To be
1; sure, there are instances where it has been violated
by brutal mobs, as there are instances of other
laws being evaded by knavery, or silenced by
brute force; but i say the law has done its office
well, done it on a recent memorable occasion in
the very city of Massachusetts which the Senator
claims so worthily to represent; but the enlight-
ened patriotism of most of whose citizens, I be-
lieve, think of him as I do. In that city, within the
last fortnight, it has done its office, and done it in-
the presence of a mob, which that Senator and his
associates roused -and inflamed to the very verge
of treason, subjecting them to traitors' doom,
while he and his associates sat here and kept them-
selves aloof from danger. Yes, sir, it was executed
under these circumstances, and executed by that
power that is bound to execute it—the Govern-
ment of the whole United States.
Mr. President, I did not think I could have
been drawn into a debate on this sulyect. I
should not have engaged in it but that I thought it
right to vindicate the law from the misconstruc-
tion which was placed on it by the honorable Sen-
ator, before the country, in reference to the habeas
corpus. But, sir, I may say neither that law nor
any other law could require vindication from at-
tacks made by one mad enough to announce to
the American Senate and the American people,
that although the Constitution provides that fugi-
tives from service shall be surrendered up, he
would recognize himself as a dog were he to exe-
cute that provision. He has said so in the pres-
ence of that American Senate who witnessed his
oath to support, protect, and defend that same
Constitution, and his appeal to his God to witness
the truth and sincerity of his purpose. Why, sir,
am I speaking of a fanatic, one whose reason is
dethroned ! Can such a one expect to make im-
pressions upon the American people from his
vapid, vulgar declamation here, accompanied by
a declaration that he would violate his oath now
recently taken ?
Well, sir, that Senator attempted to institute a
comparison between the StampAct, resisted by our
common ancestry, and resistance to the fugitive
slave law. Sir, he was well answered by the hon-
orable and distinguished Senator from South Car-
olina, that in those days the people he represents
now were slaveholders. I cannot believe he rep-
resents them now, although they are slaveholders
no longer. Sir, I think 1 might venture upon the
office of vindicating his own people from the asper-
sions their representative has cast on them. Let
the honorable Senator remember that he says he
would be a dog to surrender a fugutive slave,
although the Constitution imposes the duty on his
State, and ihe has sworn to obey it.
Let me recall him to that page in our history
which shows that, by the vote of Massachusetts,
and the other New England States, the interdict
was placed in this very Constitution against pro-
hibiting the African slave trade. Sir, the New
England States at that day, with Massachusetts
at their head, knowing that the first, act of the
American Congress would be to prohibit the
African slave trade, voted, all of them, to take
that power from Congress, so as to continue the
slave trade for twenty years after its adoption,
and up to the year 1808. These are the people
whom he dares now to say, before the American
Senate, would be depraved,and sinful,and mean,
and odious, and dogs,if they recognized even the
existence of slavery I What more 4-id they do?
Why, sir, they enjoyed that trade, as the carriers
of the slaves from Africa, through those twenty
years for which they Mad stipulated in the Con-
stitution. They brought the slaves over, and
within a recent period suits have been brought in
southern States on bonds executed on the pur-
chase of slaves from these very New England slave
importers.
Now, Mr. President. I Relieve the Senate will
agree with me that, unworthy as the occasion may-
be, it is difficult to be silent; yet, I confess, i
almost feel that I owe an apology to the Senate
for having spoken in this debate. I know I shall
owe an apology to those who sent me here for
| noticing it from such a quarter and in such a
\ presence.
! Mr. PETTIT. I have lived to witness to-day
S what 1 had hoped I should not live to witness. I
S had hoped that the silent clod would havecovered
! me before I should hear fail from the lips of a
| Senator who had sworn to support the Constitu-
i tion of the United States, an avowal that he would
