1518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
not support it; an avowal that he disregarded all
such obligations, that it was as dross with him. ;
Mr. President, I have no objection to the recep- j
tion, or the proposed reference of this petition. I !
have always maintained the unlimited right of the i
people to memorialize or petition Congress in any
form, for any object that might be constitutionally
acted upon here. That we may constitutionally
repeal, or modify the existing, or any other
fugitive slave law, there can be no doubt. That
the law as it is, is constitutional, 1 entertain no
doubt. That we have the constitutional power
to make it less rigid,or more rigid, or to abrogate
it entirely, there can be no question. The pro-
posed reference of the petition is, I think, the
legitimate one. However ready 1 may be to say
that I would not grant the prayer of a petition
which is sent here, I cannot be induced to throw
the least barrier in the way of the reception and
proper reference of any petition in regard to any
subject upon which we may constitutionally and
legitimately act.
Nay, sir, I go further. I believe that to-day, if
the people of Massachusetts, or the people of any
other portion of this country, should send in a
petition, and it should be laid upon your table,
and its reference moved to the Judiciary Commit-
tee, of which 1 have the honor to be a member,
praying that this body should expel a member
who had sworn to support the Constitution—the
sacred bond of our Union—and in our faces, m
open Senate, had disowned it, and positively as-
serted that he would not enforce it, 1 should vote
for its reception, I should vote for its reference,
but 1 will not say how I should report on it, though
1 am inclined to think I should lepoit in favor of
granting their prayer and expelling that member.
Sir, Senators arc not to be tolerated here, who,
openly and boldly, in the face of the country and
of the Senate, say that they would violate their
oaths. Sir, [addressing Mr Sumner,] in stepping
to that desk, laying your hand upon the Gospel
of God, swearing that you would support the
Constitution, and placing the book to your lips,
giving seat and assurance that your heart as well as
your lips acquiesced m what you said, you made
no reservation of any clause, any article, any see-
tion, any line, or any word. No mental reserva-
tion could be allowed. You swore that you would
support all and singular, each and every part from
beginning to end, the commencement and the end-
ing inclusive; and you now in the face of your
peers—peers, did I say, I hate to use the word—
are the first in the Senate of the United States to
openly declare you would violate the oath you
have taken, and the bond of Union yottr ancestors
made for you.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will address the Chair.
Mr. PETTIT. I am certainly not out of or-
der. I say if such a petition or memorial were
sent here, 1 should be willing to receive and refer
it, and if referred to my committee, I should be
willing to act on it, though I will not say how I
would act. It is suggested to me that he could
not have taken his seat if he had made such a re-
servation at the time of taking the oath, and that
he ought not to hold it after he makes the reserva-
tion.
Mr. President, I should have taken no part in
this discussion, but for a reference made to meby
the Senator from Massachusetts, an allusion un-
derstood by every Senator, and by the country.
I have not uttered here or elsewhere anything to
retract, i have nothing to withdraw. "I never
tread backwards/' but always go onward, unless I
meef a barrier that stops me. That Senator has
said that if those things go on, it will become a
common saying, as it has already been said on
this floor, that the Declaration of Independence is
a self-evident lie.
Mr. President, let me for a moment turn you to
that clause of the Declaration of Independence to
which reference is made. What is it? u We
hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men
are created equal"—not born equal, as many say
and as many state it in the newspapers—that
they are endowed by their Creator with certain
unalienable rights; that among these are life, lib-
erty, and the pursuit of happiness." In a speech
wh'ch I made here some time ago, upon the Ne-
braska bill. 1 said that the construction put, upon
this clause of the Di-Haiation of Independence by
the Abolitionists of the country, made it a self-
lj evident lie instead of a self-evident truth. From
I' that position 1 do not withdraw, but 1 boldly as-
j| sert it again.
j; Sir, Mr. Jefferson, in penning that instrument,
i was nottaikingaboutindividuals; he was not talk-
!! ing of the Senator or his progenitors from Massa-
chusetts; he was not talking about the white or
the black race, the Caucasian or the African race;
but he was talking about aggregated, congregated
bodies, collections, and associations of men. He
had reference to collections of men when they had
become sufficiently numerous to form independent
States. Then it was, according to his ideas, that
they, as collections and associations of men, had
equal political rights with all other similar associ-
ations or collections of men. In no other light
did Jefferson ever dream that he was speaking in
that portion of the Declaration. Will you say to
me that Mr. Jefferson, himself a slaveholder, the
descendant of a European, would stultify himself
by saying that his African negro slave, who was
born his slave, created his slave, begotten his
slave, who was his slave during the whole course
of gestation, was created his, Jefferson's, equal?
He never dreamed of such a thing.
Sir, the Senator named an African who was
among the first that was slain m the contest for free-
dom in the streets of Boston. I will not pretend to
say whether that African was the superior of the
Senator from Massachusetts, or the Senator his
superior; but they were not, in my judgment,
equals in life or equals m death. They were not
harmonious and beautiful in life, nor will they be
equally beautiful in death.
Now, sir, to give this clause of the Declaration
of Independence any other construction than that
which 1 have given it, is an evident, a self-evident,
a palpable he. What is the language ? That " all
men are created equal." Are they created equally
tall, equally broad, equally long, equally short ?
Are they created politically equal ? Are they cre-
ated physically equal ? Are they created mentally
equal? Are they created morally equal ? I say,
in no one of these several instances are all men
created equal. You cannot go beyond the mo-
ment when they first respire their native air. At
that time you see presented to you the imbecile tn
mind, weak in body, dwarf in size; while, beside
him, the same day's birth, yon see power, great-
ness, strength, wisdom, and beauty. In no one
instance, therefore, is there perfect equality among
men, if you regard them as individuals. As na-
tions, as collections of men, they have a right to
perfect equality as to the formation of their govern-
ment, and the rights and domestic duties that shall
be established among them. I ask that Senator—
you, who to-day have stultified youi^elf—you,
who have said that the solemn oath which you
took at that stand, administered by the President
of this body upon the holy Evangelists of God,
kissing the book, giving seal and sanction to your
asseveration—you, who have said to-day that
you would spit upon that oath, would disregard
its obligations 
Mr. SUMNER. Never! never!
Mr. PETT1T. You, who denied it; denied
its power to bind you; you, who said you would
not maintain the Constitution of the United
States 
Mr. SUMNER. I said I recognized no obli-
gation in the Constitution of the United States
to bind me to help to reduce a man to slavery.
Mr. PETTIT. I ask you, do you claim to be
the equal of your revolutionary sires?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
must address the Chair, not the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. PETTIT. I ask the Chair, then, whether
the Senator from Massachusetts, with this odium
on his hps, is the equal of his revolutionary sires ?
i do not know that he had any, properly speak-
ing, but I take it m a State point of view. Is he
the equal of Adams, of Hancock, of Warren, who
was the first martyr in the great cause of liberty,
of freedom, and union; whose blood was th'e first
to cement the union of these States, on Bunker's
hill, to which he has referred ? Are you the equal
of those men ? [s he, sir, the equal of those men ?
I had' rather ask you, Mr. President, for I think
you would answer "no," and lie might answei
" yes."
Now, Mr. President, I c.'.me down to later
times. There is no distinction between moral,
ji physical, political, and mental equality, if you
ji take the language literally as it reads, f ask that
ij Senator, then, or I ask you, sir, whether that
![ Senator is the equal of the late lamented Daniel
j- Webster, who preceded him here long years ago—
! and it would have been well for the country if he
had remained here m his seat to this day ? Is that
Senator the equal, mentally, morally, physically,
or religiously, of that deceased and illustrious
man? When will the Senator get to himself the
proud reputation of the " Expounder of the Con-
stitution," "the Godlike Daniel," the mighty
giant intellect of Webster? He will get to him-
self, instead, the odious, withering, blighting, and
blistering name of " contemner and despiser of
the Constitution, who refused to maintain, sup-
port, and indorse it." Does that Senator pre-
terld to say that, mentally, there is no difference?
You might as well interpolate " mentally " as
"politically." You might as well say that all
men are created mentally equal as to say that all
men are created politically equal. Neither of
those words is in it; and, therefore, it applies as
much to mental as it does to political equality.
Sir, men come to the earth, they make their ap-
pearance upon it, with mental powers, but with
no political rights, and I may therefore say with
more propriety that Jefferson intended to say they
were created mentally instead of politically equal.
At the earliest creation there are evidences of men-
tality without any political rights whatever. Then
is the Senator the equal of Webster, who has left a
name, a monument, and a fame, I will not say un-
surpassable, but unequaled in strength, and power,
and durability by any other Amex*ican Senator?
I believe that as a mere mental man—and I speak
of him in no other capacity-—Webster had not his
equal on this continent, if he had in Europe, or
upon any other continent. Is that Senator his
equal? He might as well say that the jackal is
the equal of the lion, or that the buzzard is the
equal of the eagle.
When you, sir, [addressing Mr. Sumner] find
no man beneath you; when those who are near
you—your own class of men—can find no man
beneath you; when you shall claim as your equal
the man who rolls in the gutter, whom God has de-
prived in his own organization and creation of all
mental power and capacity; when you shall claim
that he who wallows in the gutter with the vilest
and most worthless is your equal, then your inter-
pretation of the doctrine is true. Let me go fur-
ther. If the Almighty even intended to create the
Senator the equal with the mighty and lamented
Webster, I must be allowed to sav that He made
a gross blunder and a most egregious mistake.
Plow, then, is it that men are all equal, and are
created equal? When we first see them, they are
unequal. They grow up unequal. They have
not equal political rights. Will that Senator say
that this equality consists in political rights?
Then he says that the serf of the Autocrat of
; Russia is his equal in everything and he the serf's
| equal. If so, they ought to change stations, per-
; hups. I say they are not equal, and were not
I created equal.
1 Was that Senator,created a free-born citizen of
| Massachusetts, created as such a member of this
! great Republic and Confederation, and yet was
; lie created no more than equal with the southern
i slave upon a southern plantation ' Was he created
' precisely equal with the most ignorant of the ig-
j norant hordes that inhabit any portion of the hab-
j itable globe? Was he created only equal with the
1 veriest and lowest serfs of the Emperor Nicholas ?
ij When the time shall come when he avows that
ij theie is no degradation, no weakness of intellect,
j; no physical, moral, or mental development beneath
I' his own, then he may assert the truth of his dogma
'' and his declaration. Sir, I am inclined to believe
I: that, in a moral point of view, that Senator cannot
, | find one beneath himself, taking his own.declara-
, t tion to day. He who will swear here in this body,
I, appealing to God for the truth of what he says, to
support the Constitution of the Union, and then
boldly proclaim that he will not do it, has sunk,
in my estimation, to a depth of humiliation and
' > degradation which it would not be enviable for the
! veriest serf or the lowest of God's creation to nc-
■ cupy. It may be in that point of view the Sen-
atoi regards all others as his equal; but there are
some who are not willing to regaid thai (Senator
:■ as their equal, and who will never be coerced into
' any such admission.
