1520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26.
sequence thereof, a large number of my constitu- I
ents have been materially injured by means of the j
increased quantity of water thrown on their lands ;
in that portion of Tennessee. The Legislature of,
the State has therefore adopted a memorial pray- ;
ing Congress to take the matter into consideration. j
1 will simply say that the action of Congress, in !
ceding these lands to Arkansas and Missouri, and
which led to leveeing the right bank of the Mis-
sissippi river, opposite the State of Tennessee,
has caused great injury to that portion of my con-
stituents who own lands on the left bank of the
Mississippi river; and at the proper time, when I
can do so consistently with the other public busi-
ness, I shail bring the matter before the House,
and shall most respectfully ask the House to take
the whole subject into consideration. In the mean
time i content myself with simply presenting this
memorial, and asking that it may be printed,
and, for the present, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
v It was so ordered.
Mr. PECKtlAM". I would ask the Chair
whether, after we have got into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, either of
these resolutions offered by the gentleman from
Missouri and myself can be introduced or adopted ?
The SPEAKER. Neither of them can he
adopted after the House has goneinto committee.
The question was then taken on the motion of |
Mr. Houston; and it was agreed to.
The House thereupon resolved itself into the
Committee ofthe Whole on thestate of the Union,
(Mr. Disntet in the chair.)
THE MEXICAN TREATY.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, I move that
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill be laid
aside for the present, and that the committee take
up bill of this House, No. 405, "to enable the
President of the United States to execute the third
article of the recent treaty with Mexico." i
Mr. PECKHAM. 1 would inquire if that bill
is the bill next in order upon the Calendar after
the civil and diplomatic bill?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. PECKHAM. Then I ask if it is in order
for the committee to lay aside all the bills before
that one by one motion ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I inquire of
the Chair whether it is in order to lay aside this
bill, and take up the bill indicated by the gentle-
man from Alabama, without previously laying
aside all the other hills, one at a time ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark,
that it will be found that, according to the 80th rule
of the House, appropriation bills have precedence
over all other bills on the Calendar. They stand
in the position of privileged bills.
Mr. WASHBURN. 1 ask that the rule may
he read.
The rule was read, as follows:
" General appropriation bilk* shall be in order in prefer-
ence to any other lulls of a public nature, unless, otherwise
ordered by a majority ofthe IJou^e."
Mr. WASH BURN". My inquiry is, whether
this bill is to be regarded in the light of a general
appropriation bill ?
The CftAIRMAN. The Chair has no hesita-
tion in deciding that it is.
The Chair will hold, in the present case, that
the first question pending before the committee is
xipon the motion to lay aside the civil and diplo-
matic bill. If that question should be decided m
the affirmative, the question will then arise, accord-
ing to the rule just read, upon laying aside such
general appropriation bills as stand upon the Cal-
endar, intervening between the civil and diplo-
matic bill and the bill indicated by the gentleman
from Alabama; and all other bills, being inferior
bills, will be passed over as a matter of course.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to lay aside the civil and diplomatic bill; and it
was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move to take up bill
NV> 405.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is under the
impression that the true construction of the 80th
rule will require a special motion to dispose of the
bills intervening between the civil and diplomatic
bill and bill No. 405, to which the gentleman re-
fers.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think if the Chair will re-"j
fleet a moment he will agree with me in my view |
of this matter. The chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, or any gentleman who has
the management of an appropriation bill, has
been, by universal consent and the practice of
this House, allowed to indicate the bill he de-
sired to take up. Such has been the universal
practice. The appropriation bills have precedence
over other bills; and the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has always been al-
lowed the privilege of indicating the order in
which he desires to have them taken up.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
what the practice has been; but objection being
now made to such disposition of the bills upon
the Calendar, the Chair is compelled to carry out
the proper construction of the rule, as he under-
stands it,
Mr. STEPHENS, ofGeorgia. Thelatterclause
of the 78th rule settles that matter. The rule says:
" In preparing bills of appropriations for other objects,
the Comiuiittvot Waysraml Means shall not include appro-
pnatioiif- for carrying into effect treaties made by the United
States ; and where an appropnaiion bill shali be referred
to them for their congelation which contains appropria-
tions for carrying a treaty into effect, and for other objects,
ihty shall propose such amendments as shall prevent ap-
pioprianons foi carrying a treaty into effect being included
in the same bill with appropriations foi otiier objects."
Mr. HOUSTON. I think there is no objection.
I hope the Chair will put the question upon taking
up the bill I have indicated.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
House bill (No. 405) " to enable the President
of the United States to fulfill the third article of the
treaty between the United States and the Mexican
Republic, of the 30th of December, 1853, as
amended by the Senate of the United States,"
was accordingly taken up and read m externa.
It provides that $10,000,000 be appropiiated, to
enable the President of the United States to fulfill
the stipulation *in the third article of the treaty
between the United States and the Mexican Re-
public, of December 30, 1853, as subsequently
amended by the Senate of the United States; of
which sum $7,000,000 are to be paid on the ex-
change of the ratifications of said treaty, and the
reniairung$3,000,000 as soon as the boundary line
shall be surveyed, marked, and established.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to amend the bill
by striking our all after the word "treaty," in
the eleventh line, as follows:
And the remaining three millions as soon as the boundary
line shall be surveyed, marked, and established.
Mr. Chairman, 1 offer this amendment for the
purpose of opening up the bill, in the proper form,
for discussion. The bill which has just been
read, as well as the message of the President of the
United States accompanying the treaty, were laid
upon the tables of the members of the House on
Ftiday or Saturday last; and, therefore, it would
be useless for me to remind the committee that,
according to the stipulations of the treaty itself,
the ratifications have to be exchanged by the 30th
of this month, thus leaving but a \ery few days
for the action of this House in making the appro-
priation proposed in this bill, if the House intend
to make it at all. 1 oiler these remarks for the
purpose of claiming the indulgence of the House
for a speedy action upon the bill, if tiiey pro-
pose to make the appropriation, it must be made
before the 30th of June.
i have the right, under the rules, to open the
debate on this bill, as well as to close it; but, con-
sidering the circumstances, and as I desire to make
an appeal to the House to terminate general dis-
cussion on the measure so early as to-morrow
morning, J shall forbear any remark now, in the
commencement of any investigation which may
grow out of this appropriation, intending to reply
at the close of the debate to such objections as may
be presented by gentlemen opposed to the bill. 1
have moved the amendment; it is now in order to
debate the bill, and i yield the floor to other gen-
tlemen.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. Mr. Chairman, 1
want to make one motion. 1 do not expect to
make a speech on the bill; but 1 now submit the
motion to strike out the enacting clause of it, not
with any view of defeating the measure—fori ex-
pect to vote for it—but in order that no other
motions may he made until we get through it.
I said that 1 expected to vote for tins bill, not,
however, because i believe that I am bound to
vote the money because the President and Senate
of the United States have made a treaty with Mex-
ico, in which it is promised to be paid that nation,
i entertain no such doctrines, i hold that i am as
free, that every member of this body, and that the
House itself, is as free in voting on this bill, to reject
it if the treaty does not meet their approbation, as
to reject the most trifling and ordinary appropria-
tion which may be brought into Congress. I
shall vote for it, not in consideration of the small
amount of land that we are to get, but because the
treaty abrogates the eleventh article of the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo of February, 1848, and
releases us from all the obligations, real and sup-
posed, and all the applications and harrassments
for depredations committed by the Indians from
our side of the line. It is to get clear of our obli-
gations under the eleventh article of that treaty of
1848 that I shall vote for this bill, and not because
1 feel myself at all bound to do it because the
treaty has been made.
Mr. GROW obtained the floor, butyielded to
Mr. BENTON, who said he thought the points
presented were entitled to the greatest considera-
tion. He alluded to the fact that when the Federal
Government was framed, many objected to the
Constitution. The sagacious Patrick Henry said
that if gave the sword and the purse to the Execu-
tive. He meant the unlimited power of raising
money, and navies, and armies. With respect to
the purse, there is a constitutional clause which
confides to this House the power of originating
burdens on the people. This power has existed
in England from the time of the Saxon invasion.
Fie was free to say he knew nothing worth saving
in the Constitution, if the President and the Senate
can take, when they please, the money of the
people. Nothing, so help him God, is worth
saving of the Constitution, if this power is taken
away, as the bill before the committee proposes.
If anything he could say would induce the Rep-
resentatives of the people to think on this subject,
he should think it one of the most glorious days
of his political life, and should rejoice in the cir-
cumstance which brought him here this day to
plead the privileges of the people and the Consti-
tution; to plead for the only thing which, being
lost, he held nothing m the Constitution was
worth preserving.
He contended, in the course of his remarks,
that when a treaty acts on a subject within the
legislative power of the House, the House has the
authority and duty to examine all the circum-
stances, and consider into the expediency or inex-
pediency of the treaty precisely as the public good
requires.
He argued the constitutional power in relation
to treaties, severely commenting on the message
of the Piesident communicating the recent treaty,
saying the message did nothing in the world but
oemand the check of the House for ten millions
of dollars, and that at brief notice and without
days of grace. Give me the money by to-morrow;
that is like " stand and deliver." He considered
that the President, in negotiating this treaty, had
invaded the privileges of this House.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, obtained the floor.
Mr. BENTON. I move an amendment m re-
lation to this $10,000,000.
Mr. BAYLY. I believe I have the floor; but I
have every disposition to indulge the gentleman
from Missouri, if it does not come out of my time.
I have no objection to his continuing his speech,
always supposing a similar privilege will be ex-
tended to me.
_ Mr. HOUSTON. I object to that. I want no
similar privileges granted.
Mr. BOCOCK. Has not the gentleman from
Missouri a right to move an amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Mis-
souri has exhausted the hour allotted to him un-
der the rules.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. Besides jhat, there
is a proposition pending to strike out the enacting
clause of the bill, which supersedes all other amend-
ments.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman from Tennessee-as making
that motion, but merely as indicating his intention
to make it hereafter.
Mr, JONES. I made the motion distinctly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If that motion is pending,
I wish to raise a question of order. I did not un-
derstand the gentleman from Tennessee as sub-
mitting it.
