1522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
Mr. WASHBURN. It seems to me to be very
clearly implied from that rule that any member in
Committee of the Whole has a right to offer an
amendment, and to speak upon it, which right he
certainly cannot have if the 119th rule is to be
construed as the Chair has now construed it. It
is clearly inconsistent with the 119th rule. I
would like to call the attention of the Chair to this
fact, that if the decision of the Chair is sustained
now, it is competent for a majority at any time,
whether in committee or in the House, to suspend
all debate upon any question, n© matter how im-
portant it may be. In the House, the previous
question can be called by a majority. In the
Mouse, by a majority, debate may be terminated
at any time; and now, in Committee of the Whole,
under this construction of the rules, all debate
may be terminated under the five-minute rule; so
that it is competent for a majority at any time, in
the House or in committee, to stifle all discussion
upon the most important questions that can possi-
bly come before the House and the country.
This is a question of that character—a question
upon which many gentlemen, undoubtedly, desire
to speak, and many to obtain information. I
would like to say something about it, and I do not
like the reflection that a new decision made here
would deprive me, and those interested in the
question, of the right of expressing our opinions
in regard to it, or of the privilege of deriving in-
formation from others. This treaty may be cor-
rect. It may be one which I ought to vote for;
but I want to know what it is; and I want to
know something in relation to the reasons which
have induced the President and Senate to make
it.
I havealluded to this thing. Mr. Chairman, not
perhaps strictly in order, but as showing how
important questions—questionsof the deepest im-
portance—may come up, and, if this decision is
enforced, we will have to vote upon them without
an opportunity being afforded to any man hereto
say one word in relation to them. Questions in-
volving the existence of the nation; questions of
the highest importance; questions of the greatest
interest to the whole country, may be, if this con-
struction of the rule be sustained, carried through
this House without affording an opportunity to
any man to say a word. For this reason, I think
that the decision of the Chair cannot be consistent
with the rules of the House—cannot be consistent
with any rules which the House ever, at any time,
meant to adopt, and cannot be correct.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The rule which
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Washburn]
cites—the 34th rule—has nothing to do with the
merits of this case. That rule secures to every
member, when in Committee of the Whole, the
right to offer any amendment he may desire, which
is in order, and make a five-minute speech upon
it. It does not secure to him the right to offer
any amendment which is not in order. Well, if
this be the rule of the House, that a member may
offer an amendment when it is in order, of
course it does not follow that any such right is
thereby secured to offer an amendment and speak
upon it when it is not in order. So much for the
argument of the gentleman from Maine. But the
gentleman from Yirgimax[Mr. Millson] says it
is not in order to move to strike out the enacting
words of a bill when in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. The 119th rule, he
says, does not apply to the Committee of the
Whole. This is his position. He admits that
it does apply to the House.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I beg to call the attention
of the gentleman from Virginia, and of this com-
mittee, to the 134th rule of the House, which ex-
pressly says that all the rules of proceedings in
the House shall be observed in a Committee of the
Whole House so far as they may be applicable,
except the rule limiting the times of speaking.
Here it is:
i% 134. The rules of proceedings in the House shall be ob-
served hi Committee of the Whole Hoine so far as they
maybe applicable, except the rule lnriitnijr the times or
speaking, (April 7,1789 ;) but no member b-hall speak Hvice
to any question until every member choosing to speak shall
have spoken."— Decemher 17, 1805
This is one of the oldest rules of Lhis House.
Mr. WASHBURN. But I ask the gentle-
man from Georgia whether the 34th rule does not
imply a right, on the part of any member, to move
an amendment which is in order?
Mr. STEPHENS. It does, or at least it has
.nothing m it restrictive of such right.
Mr. WASHBURN. Then, if there is another
rule which declares that no amendment shall be in
order, are not these rules inconsistent?
Mr. STEPHENS. If the gentleman will allow
me to say, if a member gets the floor, and makes
a motion, under the rules, in order, which, under
the rules, cuts off any other motion to amend,
and brings the House to a vote on the question, of
course there is no inconsistency in the rules which
provide for this proceeding. That is my answer
to the question of the gentleman from Maine. It
would not be in order, after a member had got the
floor, and, under the 119th rule, made a ^motion
which would cut off a motion to amend, to make
, the latter motion, until the committee had voted
j on the first one; and if a majority of ths com-
mittee should vote in favor of the motion provided
j for by the 119th rule, then all further amendments
j and motions to amend would be cut off. That is
. the rule of the House. Any gentleman has the
i right to offer an amendment, so long as it is in
! order under the rules of the House; but he is not
! permitted to offer a single motion which is not in
order, unless by unanimous consent. Now the
| gentleman who preceded him in this argument
(Mr. Campbell] says, as did the gentleman from
> Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] that the 119th rule is
i only intended to apply to the House, and not to
1 Committee of the Whole. I am astonished at
i Uiat statement. Why, sir, here is the ]34tn rule.
I f have read it. The 139th rule is one of the rules
! of this House. Why is it not applicable in Com-
i mittee of the Whole? Where is it excepted?
Show the exception ?
| Mr. CAMPBELL. It is not for the reason
i that it conflicts with the 127th rule, and makes
j that void and of no effect.
| Mr. STEPHENS. The 127th rule does not
; apply to the point in this controversy at all, and
• in no way conflicts either with the 119th or 134th
| rules. I will read it. Here it is:
1 " Upon bills committed to a Cormnitte^fcf the Whole
I House, the bill bhall be first read throughout by the Clerk,
i and then again read and debated by clauses, leaving the
| pieamble to be last considered."
1 That only directs the usual order of proceeding;
i what else?
j " The body of the bill shall not be defaced or interlined,
! but all amendment*, noting the page and hue, shall be duly
j entered by the Clerk on a pepaiate paper, as the same shall
1 be agieed to by the committee, and so reported to the House.
After report, the bill shall again be subject to be debated
and amended by clauses before a question to engio&s it be
taken."—*8j>ril 7, 1789.
This whole rule only pointsoutthe orderof pro-
ceeding in the Committee of the Whole and the
House where no privileged motion under other
rules shall or may control otherwise. Does this
rule except the 119th rule? Why the 119th rule
was adopted long after. And if there were any
conflict, as there is not, the old rule would have to
yield to the new or later one. Why, sir, if the
gentleman's construction of the 127th rule should
prevail, we could not move the previous question
in the House on the report of the committee; for
the rule says: " After report, the bill shall again
be subject to be debated and amended by clauses
before aquestion to engross it be taken."
And this is the legislative order of proceeding
in this House, unless some other privileged mo-
tion, under the rules of the House, gives another
direction to the proceedings—such as the previous
question, moved and sustained by the House on
the report—this would cut off debate and amend-
ment, as ail very well know. And every member
knows that, notwithstanding this 127th rule, it is
always in order to call for the previous question
on the report of the committee. So, notwithstand-
ing this 127th rule, it is always peifectly in ordei,
when in Committee of the Whole, to move to
strike out the enacting words of a bill, under the
119th rule, which cuts off amendments. This, sir,
is the whole of it. And this is my answer to the
gentleman from Onio.
The 127th rule has not in it a single word wnich
conflicts with the 119th rule. Each one of them
has its appropriate action in its appropriate place,
and harmonizes perfectly with themselves when
properly admmisteied. But, sir, 1 will not leave
1 this matter to rest solely upon my argument that
the 119th rule, by virtue of the 134th, is applicable
. to the Committee of the Whole as well as the
House. We have direct.and positive authority,
and proof upon this subject.
Why, sir, the very history of the 119th rule
leaves us without a shadow of doubt upon this
point. What is that history? The note to the
rale gives its history. It is this:
" In 1814 >\ Committee of the Whole struck out the first
and only section of a bill, and so reported to the House.
Mr. Speaker Cheves refused to receive the report, on the
ground that it wa.< lantamount to a rejection of the bill,
which the committee had not power to do."
That was before the 119th rule was adopted.
Under the parliamentary law the committee had
done that. The note further says:
" Jljter this, that the merit of questions might be tested
x n Committee of the Whole, rule 119 teas adopted."
, * Such is the history of the 119th rule. It was
I adopted to meet this very case. The Presiding
' Officer had heid that such a motion could not be
j made in committee. The House then (in 1814)
had no such rule as the U9th, and it was after-
, wards adopted for the very purpose of allowing
i such a motion to be made in Committee of the
I Whole, expressly for this purpose.
This 119th rule has been standing upon our
| book of rules, with this record of its history, for
1 years, and yet members who have been here long
: enough, one would suppose, to have read the
, rules, seem to have given it no attention; they
seem to have been sleeping over their rights, not
knowing the rules by which they were governed;
and now, as if waked from a trance, they raise a
. cry against this rule, as if some new wonder had
■ been brought to light, or some new monster
brought into being;, to oppress and crush them;
they have, sir, still to live to learn, the rule is a
: good one—let it stand; the motion under the rule
! is a legitimate one; the decision of the Chair sus-
, taming that motion is right—let that also stand.
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Gentlemen seem
I not to understand the effect of the motion I have
i made, it appears to me; and certainly they do not
i understand the object I wished to effect in making
; that motion. Sir, the motion to strike out the
I enacting clause does not affect the debate at all,
I because it is itself a debatable question; and as
| long as that question is pending, it is debatable in
i this committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will thegen-
i tleman allow me to inquire whether it is not com-
I petent for the committee to rise in one hour, and
I when in the House, to terminate general debate in
j five minutes; and whether, in that way, the gen-
j tleman does not accomplish the suppression of all
I debate upon this question?
i Mr. JONES. Not at all. The making of this
! motion cannot precludeany gen tleman from making
j a speech here, until the House first adopts a res-
! olution to close the debate.
, When I made the motion, I distinctly stated
| that i did not make it for the purpose of defeating
| this bill, but that I intended and expected to vote
! for the bill. My object m making it was to pre-
clude another motion, by which a speech might
I be doubled—by whi'h, after a gentleman had made
| a one hour speech, he could move an amendment,
j and then speak a second hour.
| Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope the
gentleman will now withdraw it.
Mr. JONES. No, sir, I will,not withdraw it
now; but I shall be willingto withdraw it whenever
the debate is closed upon the bill. The motion
is not amendable. It has the same effect in refer-
ence to other motions being made that an amend-
ment m the second degree has. The gentleman
from Alabama moved to amend the last clause of
the bill. If a motion to amend that amendment
had been made, it would have had precisely the
effect with regard to other motions being made as
that which I have submitted.
No motion to amend can be made while the
motion to strike out the enacting clause is pending,
as it could not, while an amendment to an amend-
ment was pending, and, therefore, a second hour's
speech could not be made by a gentleman upon
a motion to amend.
Sir, that is the object I had in view in making
the motion; and I so stated at the time I made it.
Now, sir, if the motion to strike out the enacting
clause be voted down, gentlemen can then go on
with amendments and with debate, under the five-
minute rule, the same as if it had not been made;
or, as I said, I shall have no objection to with-
