1530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
and take up the Calendar precisely as we leave it on
the day of adjournment of the long session; and if
the day of meeting should be on the first Monday
of November, the order of business would be pre-
cisely the same. By our rules, all the business
matured this session, and not disposed of, will be
taken up m its order at the next sestion for con-
sideration. This, therefore, will derange no order
of business at all. On that point, then, the Senator
is entirely mistaken We can commence business
on the first Monday in November, as we now can
on the first Monday of December. It is perfectly
notorious that no business matured at the short
session, except the appropriation bills, stands any
chance. At the short session we take up the
Calendar as we left it at the adjournment of the
long session.
As to the old, fixed policy of the Government,
it is well known that when the day of meeting
was fixed, the duties of the Government were
notsogreat. They werenotone—onehundredth
part as great as they are now. What is the
use of the short session? During the three
months we do but little more than pass the ap-
propriation bills. Owing to theagitation of a great
question that has passed through Congress at this
session, some of the most important questions
connected with the future prosperity of the Gov-
ernment have not been acted upon; and they can-
not be acted upon during the dog days, when we
can scarcely keep together a quorum of the two
Houses. We want an additional month added to
the short session for the purpose of considering
these measures. Mr. President, 1 think every
consideration that should influence a public man,
should induce us to bring this session to an imme-
diate close; and to accomplish that, we ought to
pass this bill.
Mr. RUSK. I do not like to change from old
rules that have worked well, without some good
substantial reasons. The meeting of Congress
hei etofore, since the formation of theGovernment,
has been, as directed in the Constitution, on the
first Monday in December. We are asked now,
upon very short notice, and with very little delib
eration, to change the day to the first Monday in
November, according to the bill, or to the first
Monday m October, according to the amendment
of the Senator from Wisconsin. What are the
reasons that have been offered for it? One is the
dispatch of the public business; another is the
shortening of the long sessions of Congress, which
are admitted now to run to entirely too great a
length I do not think it will effect the first ob-
ject. From the history of our legislation here, it
is known that, at least in the Senate, in the early
part of the session, here is a very thin attendance,
atid adjournments over take place from Thursday
to Monday during the whole of the first month,
so that, in fact, until about the first of January,
little or nothing either of the remaining business
on hand, or new business, is transacted by the
Senate.
Then, I apprehend that, unless we should
change this policy, which I do not see any reason
to believe will be done, in place of consuming one
month in doing little or nothing, two months
would be consumed in that way; so that the idea
is all imaginary that it would have any sort of
effect in shortening the long session. It is true,
there is upon your table a proposition to amend
the joint rules of both Houses, by which to di-
rect that Congress shall adjourn some time m
May. That is a clear encroachment. It is clearly
unconstitutional. The Constitution gives the
power expressly to both Houses of Congress to
adjourn, if they can agree upon the day; and in
case of their failing to agiee upon the day, the
President has the ri<?ht to adjourn them over.
That is a ri^ht incident to every Congress that
convenes. We have it; and the next that sits
here will have it in the same manner, under the
Constitution. Then we can accomplish nothing
by a joint rule, because we assume a power never
guarantied in the Constitution to this Congress to
prescribe a rule for the next Congress as to ad-
journment; so that, so far as it is concerned, I
apprehend it will result in nothing, or worse than
nothing, ft is mischievous. It is an attempt to
accomplish, outside of the Constitution, by a sort
of agreement, that which the Constitution gives
us no sort of power to accomplish.
I can see no good to result from the change of
the day of meeting, but I can see a great deal of
mischief in it, and a great deal of confusion that
will result to the country from making a change
so suddenly, and without any discussion and re-
flection upon the subject. All the legislation of
the States has been had in direct reference to our
meeting on the first Monday in December. Most
of them have adopted m their constitution a pro-
vision only to meet biennially, and they have,
therefore, arranged their meetings to conform to
the regular meeting of Congress, on the first Mon-
day in December. Their general election of mem-
bers of Congress is regulated in that way. What
would be the result of this? To change the day
of meeting suddenly, and to require all the States
to wheel into line and follow you, and change
their legislation. Perhaps some of them will have
to change their Constitution to accommodate
themselves to your day of meeting, when no good
reason has been given why it should take place at
an earlier day than it has done heretofore.
I am not in favor of passing any law that shall
require all the States to conform to it, unless there
be some very good and substantial reason for it,
and some great public benefit to be accomplished
by it. Suppose they do not turn in $t your beck
and call, and assemble a convention to change
the Constitution, or assemble the Legislature to
change the law, what is the result.? Some States
would be unrepresented here. If you were to
meet on the first Monday in November, the State
of Mississippi would be unrepresented for some
time, and there may be questions arising as to the
right of Mississippi under the Constitution to he
represented here. "It'is the right of every State
in the Union to be represented on the floor of Con-
gress; and it is no answer to say that little busi-
ness is done at the beginning of the first session.
Vital questions might arise, and they, in fact, do
arise at the commencement of the first session of
every Congress, because the election of officers is
a matter of vast importance. Mississippi, Lou-
isiana, and several other States, would have to
change their time of election. I have not exam-
ined particularly, but I imagine most of them
would have to do so; and they would be required
to call a session of the Legislature to make the
changes. It would put the whole country into a
turmoil and confusion, and it would subject the
people to a great expense; and for my lite I can-
not see the benefit to be derived from it.
But that is not all the mischief. In reference
to the election of Senators I have not examined,
but I imagine it will be found, upon examining,
that perhaps one half or one third of the States
would have to do one of two things, m order to
conform to this new day of meeting: either they
would have to elect their Senators to represent
them upon this floor a long time in advance, or
they would have to be for some month or two
without representation here.
It is very important, in my judgment, that the
elections should take place as near as practicable
immediately preceding the commencement of the
service of the Senator or Representative. Under
such circumstances, this would, for a year or two,
to say the least of it, derange the affairs of the
country; and it would do another thing If Con-
gress meets at the time proposed, the election of
members of the House of Representatives would
have to be held in the summer time, when it is
known that a large portion of the population who
have wealth and ability to do so are traveling,
some North to the springs, others South to other
places, and you would not be likely to get as full
an expression of public opinion at the general
election as you do under the present arrange-
ment There are innumerable objections to this
Another is, that if you pass the bill, Congress
will be in session once in every four years on the
day on which the presidential election takes place.
Flow much would be done during the excitement
of a presidential election? How much interest
would a member feel in an election of that descrip-
tion? He would have to be away from his dis-
trict, if Congress was in session; and what would
you accomplish pending the excitement? On the
whole, I can see no good reason for, but very
many serious objections against, it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I trust it will not be the
sense of the Senate to pass this bill. There are
numerous inconveniences attached to a proposi-
tion to change the time of meeting, in addition to
those which have been urged by the Senators
from Texas and Alabama. The object which
gentlemen seem desirous of obtaining is to shorten
the long session, and lengthen the short session
of Congress; or, as the term is, to equalize more
nearly the two sessions. It appears to me that
the slightest reflection will make it obvious that
that result will not be obtained by this bill. One
thing is very certain that one month, under ito
operation is to be added to each session at its com-
mencement. You begin them by adding two
months to the sitting of each Congress—one month
to the long session, and one month to the short
session, at the beginning. How are you going to
compensate'this additional time. It can only be
done on the supposition that you will strike off two
months from the end of the long term, and even
then we shall sit the same length of time that we
do now. Can any gentleman, experienced in the
legislation of the country, suppose for a moment
that that is going to be the effect of the bill ? Does
any gentleman suppose that the legislature of the
country will be so conducted as invariably under
its operation to shorten the long session by two
months? I do not think any of us suppose that that
will be the practical operation of the bill. Theresult i
then would be to add, in the first place, two months
to the first session of each Congress, and impose
that additional burden upon the people. They
already think, and many of us are disposed to
share the opinion, that we sit here too long; that
a great deal of the time we are passing here might
be passed more profitably for the country at large
if we were all at home. At all events, I believe,
if the opinion of the American people were taken
upon the subject, none would be in favor of
lengthening the present terms of Congress. As
regards almost the entire South, it is well known
that the months of October and November, under
the law as it now stands, are almost the only
months during which gentlemen from that portion
of the country have an opportunity of meeting
their constituencies, and rendering an account of
their action in this body.
The proposition is to take away from us those
two months, the only two we have in the year".
It may be perfectly indifferent to gentlemen from
the northern, middle, and eastern States, at what
period of the year we meet here, but, sir, we do
not find our constituencies in the months of July,
August, and September. From us, who cannot
travel at that season, and are opposed to any ex-
citing exertion, from us, as I have said before,
who have no other period during which we can
visit our constituencies, or attend to our private
business, except the months of October and No-
vember, the proposition is to take that time and
leave us no time whatever. I appeal to gentle-
men with whom a mere matter of convenience is
no consideration, who can get to Congress at any
time they please, and get back home at any time
they please, from the facilities o-f travel afforded
by northern railroads, to take this matter into
consideration. If the meeting of Congress takes
place upon the first Monday in November, I am
perfectly satisfied that during the first month of
each session, barely one half of the southern del-
egation in either body would be present.
Take my own State—Louisiana. After-an elec-
tion, it takes something like three weeks before
the members in the western part of the State know
whether they have been elected or not. Our elec-
tions now take place m the beginning of Novem-
ber. They formerly took place in the summer
months. It was found that an election at that
period of the year had the effect of disfranchising
a large number of the citizens of the State. They
could not attend the election at that period. They
could not travel to their precincts. It was incon-
venient in every respect, and therefore it has heen
j! found necessary to change the time of the general
jj election to the first Monday in November. I be-
ll lieve there is scarcely one of the southern States
' in which the election does not take place in Octo-
ber or November. In order to be here on thefirst
Monday in November, nearly every gentleman
from the South wo.uld have to leave home in the
middle of October. He would therefore have to
leave home every year at the very period when
the elections come on.
I cannot conceive that gentlemen should attach
so little importance to the objection raised by the
Senator from Alabama, that every four years,
Congress would be in session while the presiden-
tial election was going on. I for one desire to see
no such experiment as that; I for one would be
