1534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
business may be done in the second; when, in
fact, as it stands now, we know that m the two
months of the short session there is none at ail.
In that view of it, it seems to me that we gain
m regard to the business which is transacted,and
we escape one of the most serious objections
brought up by the friends as well as the opponents
of this measure. At the short session, under the
change, there will be some time for consideration.
There may be some debate upon subjects; there
will be some time for discussion; and intelligible
votes can be intelligently given upon the particular
subjects that may be before us; whereas now they
are voted upon, as it is said, on confidence, for
there is no time for consideration. That, sir, is
an object to me. The object is twofold. I want
some chance at the second session to do that
business that is neglected or rejected at the first.
I want that there shall no longer be any excuse,
but that we may have plenty of time to go on ad
libitum in transacting our business. I want again
to escape the hot weather of July and August.
I have been here for the last six years; and I can
say that in that time we have invariably sat out
the month of July. I have never Known an ad-
journment at the long session during that time
earlier than the 7th of August. There is no hope
entertained here, I imagine no Senator entertains
the hope, that we shall adjourn at this session
before the first of August. I have no idea of it.
I do not think it practical. I do not think that it
can be done; and, sir, I have no certainty in my
mind that this body will adjourn before the 15th
or 20th of August. We should have adjourned
on the first of August, if we had fixed the day at
the proper time, because Senators must go home;
they are bound to do so, and attend somewhat to
private business; for every one knows that the
compensation which they receive here, under the
costs of living and of incidental expenses, is not
only nothing, but if brings upon them, when they
live as gentlemen, a dead loss. They must attend
to business at home to sustain them here in the
discharge of the public service. It is purely a
service of honor that we have here; and some con-
sideration should be given to the fact that gentle-
men have to live, and have families that they are
bound to support.
I see no way m which coercion can be put upon
that dilatory spirit which seems to afflict both
Houses of Congress, but to compel them to come
here at an earlier day. That will cause them to
adjourn earlier in the long session, and we shall
also equalize the two sessions, and afford at each
very nearly an equal opportunity for the discus-
sion of all subjects which will promote, materially,
the public good.
The inconveniences spoken of, so far as my
State is concerned—and it is one of the extreme
South—I do not think we shall feel at all. The
case of Mississippi is cited emphatically. It may
be a little hard upon that State; but Mississippi
is a patriotic State, and I have no doubt she will
cheerfully conform her regulations to the state of
things that may be adopted by the sense of right
of the Congress of the United States.
But, sir, suppose that, as is alleged, the State
of Mississippi should be deprived of her repre*
sentatives here for a time, would that be anything
very extraordinary? Not at all. Look, now,
around this Hall, sir, and see how many seats are
now vacant. I speak not merely of seats whose
occupants happen, at this moment, not to be here,
but I refer to cases where Senators are absent from
the city, as some are, and to cases where a State
has but one representative here. Why, sir, there
are two States in the Union which have only one
Senator each to represent them here. And some
gentlemen are called away to attend to business
matters elsewhere, and remain out of the city for
some time. Do they consider the injury which
their absence inflicts on the interests of their
States^ But Mississippi, even under thecircum-
stances which have been cited, will not be com-
pelled to be unrepresented, for she will have at
least one Senator on this floor. The ground on
which the argument that she will suffer in her rep-
resentation is based, is that her Senators are to be
elected after the time fixed by the bill for the ac-
tual meeting of Congress.
Mr. ADAMS. Eler Representatives in the
other House are elected after the day fixed by the
bill, and that was what my colleague spoke of.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then it is said that, by this
measure, Mississippi will suffer in her representa-
tion in the other branch of Congress. That is to
be regretted. I believe that is a serious matter;
and, in all candor, I must say it is the greatest
objection I have yet heard to this bill. But, sir,
you can make no change of this sort without con
fiicting with the interest of some State in the
Union. If the resnlt alluded to should happen,
it would undoubtedly be an evil to the State of
Mississippi; but that evil would only be tempo-
rary, and the remedy could be applied by herself
at any time. For a temporary inconvenience to
Mississippi, will she insist that the business of
the whole nation shall forever be subjected to a
practical inconvenience which is universally ac-
knowledged? I think not.. I think her people will
not ask it; I believe her Senators will not. If
other gentlemen entertained different views from
them, if others prefer to cairy out their honest
convictions as to the general interest of the Gov-
ernment and people, those Senators will justify
them, surely they will not censure them for voting
in accordance with their deliberate judgments.
Another objection is urged to this bill, on the
ground that by meeting on the first Monday of
November we shall not be enabled to be at home
at the period of the presidential election. Sir, the
people of the United States have sufficient intelli-
gence and virtue to know how to cast their votes
for President of the United States, without the
presence of Senators and Representatives to tell
them for whom to deposit their ballots. Sir, our
people do not^submit to dictation in such matters;
they make up their minds upon the merits and
the principles of the men presented to them for
support, and i do not think the presence of mem-
bers of Congress at the polls would influence the
convictions of our free voters. Still the time of
holding the elections can be changed if necessary,
so that, if this be an evil, it is one which can be
easily remedied. The same may be said of the
other evils said to be likely to result from this
measure. They are of £uch a nature as to be
easily removed.
For one, Mr. President, though I come from a
southwestern State, though my home is a consid-
erable distance south of this, I must say that I
should prefer to be at home during the extremely
hot weather. I do not look upon my home there
as a land of death to be escaped from in the midst
of summer. After spending the winter here, I
prefer to fly to the land of the South, sickly as it is
said to be. It is a home, and a healthy one to me.
I am happy when I am there with my family. I
wish to be relieved from what is the most uncom-
fortable service on the face of the earth—attend-
ance on congressional duties during the months
of July, August, and September. I have repeat-
edly sat in this Capitol as a member of the other
House during at least two of those months; and
I am sick ana tired of them. I know that session
during those months is of no benefit to the public
service. I believe that if we were to adjourn reg-
ularly on the 1st of July at every long session,
the business usually done in July, August, and
September, would be done in the months of May,
and June. I think no one here would regret such
a change.
I hope the amendment to substitute October for
November will be rejected. I think it is rather
extravagant to commence our sessions two months
earlier every year. 1 consider the one month pro-
posed to be gained by the bill is sufficient for the
public service. 1 hope that the amendment will
be rejected, and that the bill will be passed pre-
cisely as it came from the House. When that is
done, I wish to see the proposition of the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] to fix by joint rule
the adjournment of the long session at an earlier
period, adopted.
Mr. WALKER. I offered the amendment to
strike out " November " and insert " October,"
because the distinguished Senator from Illinois
gave us notice some days ago that he would intro-
duce a proposition requiring Congress to meet an-
nually on the first Monday of October, instead of
the first Monday of December. But, sir, we
heard from him this morning, and he did not seem
to defend his own proposition. As that is the
case, and as other gentlemen seem to treat it with
disfavor, and as I do not wish to offer a proposi-
tion to be voted down, 1 will withdraw the amend-
ment, and vote against the bill as it came from the
House of Representatives.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I do not in-
tend to detain the Senate, and I should not now
say aword, butforthe very disrespectful remarks,
as I think, which fell from the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Douglas.] i hoped that the time had
gone by when that Senator, in discussing ques-
tions in this body, would undertake, at least as far
as I am concerned, either a dictatorial or censorial
course of argument. But, sir, it seems that a
course of discussion which differs from his judg-
ment cannot be carried on in the Senate without
everybody so differing from him meeting with
denunciation.
Now, why was it necessary for the Senator to
seek to ridicule an argument which I had used,
by saying that I had made a discovery, and had
sent it out to the world ? Sir, the " discovery "
alluded to is one which every gentleman around
me has made. It is a discovery in which almost
every gentleman here participates. It consists
simply in this: That the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, having conferred upon each Congress
the power' to determine its own adjournment at
the first session, you cannot, by any law, rule,or
regulation, take away that right. Now, sir, with
great deference, I would submit to any judicial
tribunal—I would submit to the Presiding Officer
of this body—that if the joint rule proposed by the
Senator were adopted, no Presiding Officer of a
i Congress would undertake to adjourn either House
| without some further action. Why? Simply for
j the reason that the proposed rule is palpably
| against the Constitution of the United States, and
i therefore but as so much blank paper.
After the contemptuous manner in which the
Senator sought to treat this argument—an argu-
ment which is conceded to be correct by every
gentleman whose opinion I have chanced to hear
j on the subject—he undertook to tell the reason
| why it could be done, and he said that the reason
why you can do it by a rule is because you can-
j not do it in any other way. There, sir, is logic
j for you! The Constitution of the United States
prohibits this Congress from fixing a time of ad-
journment for the next one. The Senator under-
i takes to say that there is a power to override the
j Constitution by a joint rule of the two Houses,
. and that the reason of that power is because it is
! unconstitutional! I admire the logic no more than
I do the manner in which it was given.
Sir, I think a pretty good argument can be
made—and if it were an open question, I certainly
should venture, with great respect, to make it—
against the power of Congress to adopt a joint rule
i at all. The Constitution of the United States
| says that " each House may determine the rules
, of its proceedings." The question arose during
| t£)e last Congress, in the House of Representa-
' Uves, in respect to the power of the Committee on
I Printing; and the settled judgment of the House,
> after a long debate, was, that the joint Commit-
tee on Printing had no power at all over the busi-
, ness of that House; but that the committee pro-
; vided for by the rules of the House held the
; power of the House in respect to its printing.
I That decision was undoubtedly correct. The Con-
stitution contains the provision to which I have
: referred; but it nowhere confers on Congress
; power to make a joint rule for the two Houses,
j Notwithstanding this, when it was suggested to-
J day, as I thought, with a proper degree of respect
] for the opinions of others—certainly it was so in-
j tended—that a rule thus made could not have
: force to override a plain provision of the Con-
j stitution, the Senator from Illinois saw fit, in a
i very pompous manner, to say the least, to treat it
with ridicule. I must say, sir, that I dislike that
! course of argument; I dislike it exceedingly; and
I whatever other Senators may think on the sub-
- ject, so far as I am concerned, I will never submit
I to it.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I do not mean
, to continue this discussion any furthe^. I agree
; with the honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr.
i Stuart] fully, that on e Congress has no authority
j whatever to make any provision in reference to
! the time of adjournment of another Congress; and
I am not willing to violate the Constitution of the
, United States in order to remedy what may be an
i evil; I prefer to pursue the ccurse pointed out by
1 the Constitution itself, and amend it if necessary,
i Without going into an argument, I will say, that
; l am perfectly satisfied, from the whole Constitu-
i tion, from all its various clauses, that the power
