1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1535
of fixing a day of adjournment is left by the Con-
stitution in each Congress in reference to itself at
its first session or any session other than its last.
The time of meeting may be prescribed by law,
but the time of adjournment is left to the indi-
vidual Congress itself, and is dependent on the
agreement of the Houses, or, in case of their disa-
greement, upon the act of the President of the
United States. This seems to me so clear that I
shall not enter into any discussion of it.
But, sir, here is a proposition to lengthen the
short session. So far as the other branch of Con-
gress is concerned, we have had no indication
whatever that its effect will be to shorten the long
session; nor do 1 believe it will. As 1 said when
this question was up before, I believe you never
will be able to shorten the long session until you
alter the mode of compensating members. I am
aware that there are difficulties about that. I am
aware that the fact of the act of 1816, which did
turn a per diem allowance into a fixed compensa-
tion, having been the cause of the great unpopu-
larity of the individuals who voted for it, has its
influence over the minds of members of both
Houses, and that probably such a law could not
now be passed, though 1 have hardly met a man
who, in ordinary conversation, did not admit it
to be a proper law to pass. I think gentlemen
over-estimate the causes connected with the un-
popularity of the act of 181(5; and I believe that
ultimately such a law may possibly be attained.
The unpopularity of that measure arose from the
fact the existing Congress applied the compensa-
tion to themselves, and, in so doing, actually
doubled their own compensation. That was the
reason why the people were against it.
Sir, the people of this country will understand
any question that is fairly presented before them.
It is so palpable that the compensation of mem-
bers of Congress should be paid in such a mode
as would superinduce the transaction of the public
business in the shortest time in which it could
be justly finished—and, in my judgment, it could
be transacted in a short session of three months
and a long session of four or five months, every
Congress, quite as well as, if not better than, it is
now done—that, in my judgment, the people
would sustain a law altering the mode of compen-
sation. I have nothing now to do with what
should be the amount of the compensation; that
is an entirely different question. I believe that
until you alter the mode of compensation, you
never will shorten the long session; and until you
do shorten the long session, I am unwilling to
lengthen the short session.
1 do not know what may be the action of the
Senate on this bill. It has already been passed
by the House of Representatives. If, therefore,
the Senate should adopt it, and the President
should sanction it, as he undoubtedly would if
presented to him—it being a question affecting the
two Houses of Congress alone—it would become
a law. If it is to become a law, I think another
measure is requisite to be connected with it. Com-
plaint has been justly made that, in some States,
members of the other House are not elected until
after the time fixed by the bill for the meeting of
Congress; and, therefore, as that cannot be reme-
died until the next meeting of their Legislatures,
you put them to the serious inconvenience and
great expense of having a special session of their
Legislatures, or of remaining unrepresented for
some period of time. Sir, as we have, by the
Constitution, authority to fix the time for holding
the elections of members of Congress, or to
change the time fixed by the States, and as I think
it is desirable that all Representatives in Congress
should be elected on the same day, I have pre-
pared an amendment, which I shall offer to this
bill, lengthening the sessions of Congress, pro-
viding that the time of electing Representatives in
every State shall be on the first Tuesday of Octo-
ber, 1854, for the next Congress, and that there-
after every succeeding Congress shall be elected
on the first Tuesday in October, bi-yearly.
To carry out this provision, no State legisla-
tion will be required; but the election for Repre-
sentatives will be on the same day throughout the
Union. Years ago, presidential electors in the
various States were chosen on different days, pre-
scribed by the respective States; but that has been
changed, and they are now elected on the.same
day "throughout the United States. If the argu-
ment was good in regard to presidential electors,
it is good in regard to members of the House of
Representatives. The Congress of the United
States have an undoubted right, under the Con-
stitution, to alter " the times, places, and manner
of holding elections for Senators and Representa-
tives.M By my amendment, the time of choosing
Representatives is alone changed; and it obviates
the necessity of calling together the State Legis-
latures. 1 now offer the following amendment as
an additional section:
I Sec. 2. Jlnd be itfurther enacted, That the Representa-
! lives in Congress .from the several States of this Union
' shall be elected, m each State, on tne first Tuesday m
i October, 1854, for ihe next Congress, and on tht> fiistTue&-
i day in October in every two years therealter lor each suc-
j ceedmg Congress.
j The amendment was not agreed to.
1 Mr. BENJAMIN. If we are to have a length-
1 emng of the short session, 1 wish, at all events, to
! provide against a lengthening of the long one; and
| I will therefore move an amendment to make the
; evil half as great as it will be under the bill as it
! stands. 1 move to amend by inserting after the
! word " Congress" the words "at each second
j session thereof," so as to make the first or long
i session of each Congress commence m December,
; as at present.
~ I must object to the amend-
Mr. BAYARD,
ment.
Mr. BUTLER.
Mr. BAYARD.
It will not be adopted.
I do not know whether it will
or not; but 1 am perfectly aware that these things
| are to be adjusted solely m reference to the con-
' venience of certain States. Now, the effect of the
amendment is directly to interfere with the elec-
tion which takes place in my State during the
present year, and every two years thereafter—in
the even years 1856, 1858, &c. The effect of the
amendment, if adopted, is simply to apply to those
States which elect Representatives anterior to the
commencement of the congressional term, and
not to affect other States which rio not hold their
elections until after the term has commenced.
I am aware, of course, that the small States of
the Union can expect little regard in matters of
! this kind from the vote of this body. Why, sir,
i we even heard the honorable Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] urge as an argument on this floor
that, in a matter which has no more to do with the
House of Representatives than with the Senate,
or with the rights of any citizen of the United
States, (the time for the meeting of Congress,)
i because that House, which represents numbers
i alone, has pleased to pass a bill in reference to the
j time of the meeting of Congress, therefor^ this
! body, representing States, which was meant by
' the Constitution to operate as a check and balance
| in the Government, is to be entirely governed by
! the views of the House. Sir, I repudiate such a
! doctrine. I am unwilling that this amendment
' shall be adopted. If other gentlemen look to the
! convenience of their States, 1 have a right to look
. to mine. There are other States, large as well as
; small, which hold their elections at a time when
! this amendment would seriously interfere with
them.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
i amendment; and on the question of ordering it to
I a third reading, Mr. Bayard called for the yeas
I and nays; and they were ordered.
! Mr. DOUGLAS stated that he had paired off
! with the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.]
! The question being taken by yeas and nays,
' resulted—yeas 15, nays 33; as follows:
I YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Badger, Bell, Brod-
| head, Foot, Gejer, Gwin, Hamlin, Johnson. Jones of Iowa,
! Jones of Tennessee, Seward, Sumner, and Thomp>on of
r Kentucky—15.
, NAYS—Messrs. Adams Bayard, Benjamin, Bright,
! Brown, Butler, Cass, Chase, Clay, Dixon, Dodge of Wh-
1 consin, Dodge ot Iowa, Evans, Fessenden, Fi.-h, Fitzpat-
■ rick, Gillette, Houston, Hunter, Mallory, Mason, Norris,
• Pettit, Pratt, Rockwell, Ku«k, Sebastian, Siidell, Stuart,
! Toucey, Wade, Walker, and Wilhatns—33.
! So the bill was rejected.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 27, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Sliclr.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
LIGHT-HOUSES ON THE PACIFIC COAST.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
i munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a copy of a letter addressed to the
Treasury Department by Gibbons & Kelly, con
tractors for building certain light-houses on the
Pacific coast, and of a report and resolution
adopted by the Senate upon the subject of their
claim for extra work done, expenses incurred,
and losses sustained, for which they claim to be
entitled to compensation to the amount of $59,434.
The Secretary submits the expediency of making
the appropriation required.
The communication and accompanying docu-
ments were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
EXPEDITION AGAINST CUBA-
Mr. HA RRiS, of Mississippi. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States he re-
quested to furnish to this House, as tar as m his opinion
may not be incompatible with Ihe public interest?, such in-
formation relative- ro citizens of the United States and
others, residing therein, being engaged in organizing and
fitting out a military expedition tor ihe invasion «>f the
Island of Cuba, as may have been in his. possession on the
i 31st of May iast, the date of his proclamation on that sub-
i ject.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
TERMINATION OF DEBATE.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to the House a
resolution to terminate debate on bill No. 405,
the treaty bill, on the meeting of the House to-
morrow, so as to give the House the entire day
to-day for debating it, if they see fit, to a late hour
in the evening. And if I am allowed to do so, I
desire to say this in relation to it. It is the gen-
eral desire, expressed all through this House and
the Senate, that we should terminate this session of
Congress on the 31st of" July next. 1 am as much
in favor of it as any member-, and I say this to
the House: on Monday next it will be m order to
move to take up the resolution for adjournment;
and if the business of the House shall progress
from this time up to Monday, so as that I may, for
a moment, believe it prcbable that there is a pros-
pect of getting through the public business by the
day indicated, I, as far as 1 am concerned, shall
most willingly vote for that adjournment.
2 therefore introduce, at this time, the resolu-
tion to close debate on the treaty bill; and on U I
ask for the previous question.
Mr. EWING. Will the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston} allow me to make a sug-
gestion? Why not move to close the debate in
five minutes?
Mr. MACE. I desire to ask the House to
allow the committee on ocean mail steamers a
clerk for twenty days, at the usual rate of com-
pensation. I would state to the House, that in
order to get the report from that committee pre-
pared, we have already a clerk actively engaged;
and if the House will not allow us the clerk for
twenty days, of course we shall have to make an
appeal to them hereafter, or pay the clerk out of
our own pockets.
Mr. HOUSTON. The resolution of the gen-
tleman from Indiana will be in order after mine is
disposed of
Mr. MACE. Then I will not press it now.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Alabama to withdraw his demand for the ^
previous question, as 1 would like to say a word
in reference to the closing of debate before the
resolution is passed upon.
The SPEAKER. If no objection be made, the
gentleman will be allowed to,make his suggestion.
No objection was made.
Mr. HAVEN. I was going to say tht to the
House, that from the turn debate has taken upon
this subject, it is evident that if the House does
not call for the correspondence upon this subject,
and for the instructions to our Minister who ne-
gotiated the treaty, this debate may as well be
closed as not; for it seems to be conceded upon all
! hands— by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
| Jones,] the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Ben-
| ton.] who asked for the correspondence yester-
i day, as well as by the gentleman from Virginia,
| [Mr Bayi.y]—that this House has theright, con-
■ stuutioiially, and as a matter of expediency, if it
i deems fit to do so, to withhold this appropriation.
It becomes, therefore, not a constitutional ques-
tion; for it seems that no one is desirous of raising
and debating thatquestion. Everybody concedes
