1538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
" It surely was never contemplated that the entire ex-
pense and responsibility of defending her territory agam&t
these incursions should devolve npon us. The language
of the treaty admits of no «?uch construction, and if it did
it would require of us what it would be obviously impos-
sible for us to perform.
<( As the United estates have no light to station their
troops wnhm the limits of Mexico, how is it possible for
them entirely to protect her against tribes, most of whom
Occupy the vast desert lying between the two countries?
All that we can do is to make common cause with her, to
make her wrongs our own; to chastise, if possible, the
tribes by whom they are committed; to compel them, when-
ever it is possible to do so, to make restitution of Mexican
prisoners and property : and finally, in our treaties with
them, to guard the interest ot Mexican citizens as carefully
as thosse of our own, and to punish any violation of the one
as severely as we do that of the other.
It is manifest, too, that whatever efforts we may make
for the protection'of Mexico, will not only be fruitless, but
absolutely prejudicial, unless iheyaie aided by cnirespond-
ing efforts on her part. The number of our military posts,
the vigilance, activity, and courage of our troops, all tend
to drive these marauders from our border towards that of
Mexico, where they can carry on their depredations with
almost certain impunity.
That, sir, was the view taken by the last Ad-
ministration in reference to this subject. That was
the view taken by Mr. Webster, and it is the view
I have always heard put forth by the friends of the
last Administration in reference to the pecuniary
and binding obligations of that treaty. I never
heard any other view taken of the subject by any
well informed American gentleman until now,
when some reason or pretense is- sought for, as
an excuse or justification for appropriating this
$10,01)0,000. .But, sir, t am bound to do the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania thejustice to say, that
whi'st, likean adroit counsellor, he insinuates that
others may take such a view of the eleventh article,
he boldly and honorably disclaims any such con-
struction for himself, and declares he holds the
same opinions I hold on the subject.
Now, sir, I shall not discuss this treaty further
upon its merits or its obvious demerits. 1 have
not, this House has not, any of the information
necessary to such a discussion; it is withheld from
us. Pretty much all the-value that any gentleman
here perceives, or pretends wegetby the treaty, is
the release from the eleventh article of the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo. Some gentlemen, it is true,
pretend to see value in the territory as a route for
a railroad to the Pacific. As to the value of thesoil,
the formation of the country, and us eligibility as
a railroad route, I know but very little. I know
that Colonel Cook, who led a regiment through the
country from El Paso on the Rio Grande to the
Pacific, but a few years ago, was entirely unable
to get over the almost interminable deserts and fear-
ful- mountain ranges himself with his regiment or
his teams, without going into Chihuahua and Son-
oru, south of the line fixed by this treaty, several
miles from the Guadalupe Pass, bv a circle sweep-
ing south of this line, and stnkmgSan Bernardino,
and coming back north on to this line again at
about the one hundred and tenth parallel of longi-
tude west of Greenwich. Noith of that route he
could not pass with his wagons or mules; so that
any railroad track upon this newly-acquired territo-
ry, must run up square against, or directly into,
mountains that a brave and enduring; man, skillful
in expedients, could not drive his mules or wagons
over.
Where, then, sir, is there any consideration in
our favor, on which we can justify ourselves m
voting this immense amount of money, under
these extraordinary circumstances? Still, Mr.
Chairman, I do not undertake to say, acting in
the dark as I am, that circumstances may not
exist which renderthisappropriation of ^10,000,000
proper. But I do say, and here 1 plant myself,
that this House has no means of determining
whether it is proper or not. We are left entirely
in the dark. We are required to vote this large
amount of money upon a blind confidence, and
without a reason rendered to us, or that we can
render to the country. I will vote cheerfully for
this treaty, if it is a fair one, made without fraud,
and not controlled by stock-jobbers, land sharks,
and speculators. Sir, for one, 1 want to see the
instructions to the negotiator, and the correspond"
ence with him, which this House has, in my
judgment, most improperly refused to call for.
What I might do if I could peruse that, I cannot
say; but I can say, if I found it all correct and
fair, I would cheerfully vote for this appropria-
tion.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from New
York certainly does not intend to say that the I
House has refused to give a call for this informa-
tion.
Mr. HAVjEN. I shall be very glad to listen
to any suggestions upon that subject; butcertainly
the gentleman from Alabama does not intend to
say this House has made the call; nor does he
intend to say that very strenuous efforts have not
been made to procure it. 1 did understand my
colleague [iVIr. Peckham] to make an effort to
obtain the passage of a resolution calling for this
information, and 1 understood, also, the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Benton] to make a very
decided demonstration for the purpose of obtain-
ing this correspondence.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is true, and at a time
which they themselves kn ew had been set apart for
the discussion upon this measure. If they really
desired to have this correspondence, they should
have called for it at the time the treaty was sent
to the House; and that is the time they would
have called for it, i| they had really wished to
have it.
Mr. HAVEN. I am glad that my friend from
Alabama manifests some little desire to set him-
self right in reference to thistransaction. It argues
that he begins to feel the impropriety of being so
far wrong.
Sir, does not the gentleman know that the mes-
sage communicating the treaty to this House bears
date only one week ago this very day, on the 20th
instant; that it was not received or opened here
until Wednesday the 21st instant, and that when,
on the next day, being only Thursday last, he
reported this bill, the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Benton] instantly arose and informed the
House that he wished to be heard in the matter,
and that, in his opinion, the privileges of this House
had been violated? Did the gentleman not know
then, sir, that this correspondence was wanted
here by the gentleman from Missouri? And does
he not now know that yesterday only, Monday
only, sir, was the very first clay when, by the
rules of this House, it was in order to offer the
resolution calling for this correspondence? Nay,
more, sir; has he forgotten in one day that almost
immediately upon the House convening on Mon-
day, he took the floor and moved to go into com-
mittee on this bill, and that then, which was the
first moment in oider, my colleague [Mr. Peck-
ham] and the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Benton] offered their resolutions, and desired him
to withdraw his motion to enable the House to
adopt them; and that he himself refused to with-
draw his motion to go into committee; and holding
the power in his own hands, absolutely used it to
exclude the call? But sir, I leave this subject.
I do npt know what I ought to do in reference
to this treaty and this appropriation. I cannot
know without some further light. I am told by
gentlemen here, the most learned in constitutional
law, both Democrats and Whigs,that this House
has the power to grant or withhold this appropri-
ation as it sees fit; that it is a question of expedi-
ency, which we must decide in good faith to the
country and to our constituents. But, sir, the
only information 1 can get, upon which to base
my action, is the simple, single, solitary tex-t of
the treaty, and the message which the President
has just sent to us in relation to it. Now, sir, here
let me say that, under ordinary circumstances, I
would take that and be satisfied, if I had heard
nothing against it; for I have no sectional or other
jealousies or feelings to gratify in reference to this
matter. I say I would take that and be satisfied,
if there were no suspicions in connection with it.
I do not know what disclosures may be made in
reference to it by the correspondence, if we had it.
I do not know but such disclosures may yet be
made as will lead me to vote for it. But, sir,
most unfortunately, it does not standalone. Most
unfortunately, it comes to us with a knowledge
oti our part of certain facts which throw grave
suspicions upon it, which attack its honesty and
good faith, and which most strongly tend to sap
the confidence of the public in persons connected
with the transactions.
And here 1 desire to take up and finish what I
desired to say in the morning, when I had the
floor in the House. No, sir, this treaty does not
come before us unaffected or unassailed, or with
many presumptions in its favor. On the contrary,
v/e know, and we know this a*s well as we know
anything which is going: on m this country; and if
I trespass or go too far in reference to this matter,
1 hope gentlemen will correct me: we do know,
sir, that this treaty came here in January last,
with a provision for the payment to Mexico of
$20,000,000 instead of $10,000,000. We do know
that, for certain reasons, but for what reasons we do
not know, the Senate refused to pay $20,000,000;
that it struck off $10,000,000 of the $20,000,000,
and made some other alterations in the treaty; and
that, as fast as post-horses and expi esses could
carry the negotiator back to Mexico, he went
there, and submitted this new concern, this treaty,
tp Santa Anna, who, without one word of question
or remonstrance, so far as we know or are in-
formed, accepted half of what he was to have
under the treaty, as originally ratified by him.
With the same fearful haste it is then posted and
expressed back to this place; and all we certainly
know further about it is, that here it is for the pay-
ment of $,10,000,000, instead of §20,000,000, on
the thirtieth of this month. I will not stop to
philosophize upon, or to discuss these strange
diplomatic maneuvers. I will not say that it 13
wholly unexplainable, although it certainly is to
me somewhat unaccountable. It may be one of
those contretemps which will sometimes happen
in diplomacy; but, in connection with certain other
facts I am about to mention, it ought to have
some explanation; and before plain men, hkemy-
self, can yield their assent to this appropriation,
it seems to me that it must have some satisfac-
tory explanation.
But, sir, although we know so much about this
treaty, as I have mentioned, yet there is reason to
beheve "the one half has not been told us.''
Certain things have leaked out here—things which
are whispered in this Hall,and which have found
their way into the newspapers. The atmosphere
is loaded with them; and it is known that certain
persons connected with the treaty-making busi-
ness aie proverbially leaky. These things, sir,
which have so leaked out are anything but credit-
able to some of the parties concerned, and they
throw gVeat suspicion on this treaty. I put it to
gentlemen whether they had not better call for
this correspondence now, and clear them up at
once and forever; or, if the correspondence will
not clear them up, then reject this bill, and repu-
diate the treaty.
Sir, I will recount some of these leading points;
and 1 ask, in behalf of this House, light upon
them.
Wc are told that the negotiator went out to
Mexico with his instructions properly framed, and
was making progress in negotiating a proper
treaty, and with no unusual appliances. We are
further told, that after lie had gone, and whilst he
was so engaged under his instructions, certain per-
sons—certain sets or cliques of men here and in the
United States—stock-jobbers and hungry politi-
cians, who are interested in some way in the Garay
and Sloo grants, which are considered by many
as improper things to control our foreign inter-
course—made a descent upon the Administration,
and placed their affairs before it in such a light
that it became willing the negotiator might agree
to pay, on account of these men—some of whom
are well and personally known in this Hall—
$10,000,000 of money, provided Santa Anna
would acknowledge it as paid to him, or to his
order, as an indemnity for pretended or prospect-
ive losses under these Garay and Sloogrants; and
provided further, that it could be done in such a
way that no hand at this end of the line could be
traced in doing it.
To accomplish this purpose, we are told that
some gentleman from Pennsylvania (a Mr. Ward,
I have heard; but in all this we may be mistaken)
was selected to go out to Mexico as a kind of se-
cret special agent, and to carry verbal instructions
to the negotiator how to act in the premises.
These instructions are said to have been verbal,
and outside of any record. We are further told
that this secret special agent was instructed to tell
the negori&tor at Mexico that he might add
$10,000,000 to what was provided in his regular
instructions, for the purpose of making the indem-
nify 1 have mentioned. We are further told—it
is in the atmosphere about us; 1 do not know
whether it is true or not; but I ask gentlemen to
give us the correspondence, that we may determ-
ine the fact—we are further told, I say, that the
negotiator, a gentleman and an honorable man,
said at once he would not do himself dishonor by
undertaking to negotiate outside of his written
