1542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
and pass, this body. And our Constitution enters
into, and constitutes a part of, every national com-
pact. In such case this body must act; we must
grant the money. In doing this, we must act
from knowledge* and not from the want of know-
ledge.
At this point I take my departure from my ex-
cellent friend from New York, [Mr. Smith.] He
says that the treaty becomes the supreme law of
the land when approved by the Senate; that it
is binding upon the nation. 1 surely so under-
stood him. Although, before he closed, he seemed
to say that we must pass upon it, and, that he
would in this case vote against it; and to use his
own words, would render it null and void. But he
surely declared the treaty to be perfect and binding
on us, as soon as the Se«ate approved it. Why,
sir, will he admit that we come here to carry out \
the behesf* of the President, or of the President
and Senate combined. He paid a glowing tribute ;
to freedom; he discoursed eloquently upon the lib- 1
erty of our people, and then he seemed to admit in
his remarks that we were the legislative servants
of the President. I cannot think he expressed ;
his views as he intended; for he afterwards sub-
stantially admitted the doctrine laid down by the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benton.]
To me, nothing can be plainer than the princi-
ple that when we are called on to act, we are to
exercise our ow,n judgment—that we act upon
the dictates of surrounding circumstances. This
is a treaty for the purchase of territory. Is the
territory needed by us? What use do we wish to
appropriate it to? What benefits can we derive
from it? Why, the gentleman from New York
said he would not vote for more than $5,000,000 j
for all the benefits we shall derive from this treaty.
Now, as it was originally negotiated, we were
bound to pay $20,000,000. But that sum shocked
the conscience of the Senate. They let it down
one half,and agreed to pay $10,000,000; and now
my friend from New York would divide it again,
and pay $5,000,000. But I would not pay $10,000
for all the benefits we are to derive from it. But
perhaps I am not possessed of all the information
necessary to act upon the subject. Indeed, I know
such to be the fact. I am called upon to vote for
or against the treaty; but the necessary informa-
tion to enable me to act understanding^ is with-
held by the Executive.
The gentleman over the way [Mr. Peckham] i
moved a resolution to obtain the information, but
the friends of the Administration objected and
defeated it. They say we should have called for
this information at an eailier day. It was the
President's duty to have sent us all the necessary
intelligence in his office when he sent us the treaty.
The papers should have come to us at the same
time. But it is quite certain we have not the
proper intelligence, at least I have not. It is said
that one great object of this treaty is to rid our-
selves of the eleventh article of the treaty of Gua-
dalupe Hidalgo, which binds us to protect the
Mexican frontier from Indian incursions; but no ;
one,it would appear to me, could suppose us liable, 1
under that article, to do more for the protection of
the Mexicans than we do for the protection of
our own people, and that we have done; yet the
friends of this bill insist that there were large
claims presented by the Mexican Government on
account of our failing to protect their people. Well,
sir, of those claims I know nothing; but I see the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. Houston*,] who reported this bill, in his
seat. I will ask him if he knows the amount
claimed ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know the precise
amount that is claimed. The claims filed are said
to be very large. I understand that Mexico
originally demanded as much as $30,000,000 or
$40,000,000 for our release from liability under
the article of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, to
which the gentleman alludes. My information,
however, is not authentic. I have not examined
the papers, which I suppose are on file in the State
Department, and open for the inspection of the
public. I suppose anybody could ascertain by
going there, and I think, perhaps, I will to-mor-
row. I understand, however, that as much as
$100,000,000 have been presented under that arti-
cle of the treaty.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Does the gentleman know
the number of claimants who call for indemnity ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Does he know the amount
claimed by any individual ?
Mr. HOUSTON, i do not.
Mr. GIDDINGS. This shows the degree of i
intelligence possessed by the committee who re- I
ported the Dili. We cannot act upon the under-
standing of that gentleman, although 1 admit him |
to be usually very accurate. He says we might
all have obtained the same intelligence which he
possesses. True; but 1 really would not be will-
ing to vote for $10,000,000, upon the same vague
understanding which he appears to possess. It
would not have been very convenient for two
hundred and thirty-four members to have thronged |
the Department for information, and then we !
should have obtained nothing on which we could j
have safely acted. Why, sir, we want official
data.; we want the documents to consult. But as
it is, I know nothing on the subject; the honor-
able chairman knows nothing definite; nor, so far
as I can learn, does any member of this body
possess the requisite intelligence to act under-
standingly. In short, sir, we appear to be a po-
litical convention of " Know-Nothings," so far
as this treaty is concerned.
I repeat, 1 see nothing in this treaty that would
induce me to vote $10,000, much less $10,000,000,
to carry it into effect. This is the people's money,
and when my friend from New York shall return
to his constituents, they will inquire for what did
you vote away $10,000,000 of our money? He
may be able to answer the question. 1 should
not. Nor shall I place myself m a situation to
have that interrogatory propounded to me.
But it is said we get from seventeen to twenty
millions of acres of land. Had the word territory
been used, it would have been more appropriate.
We get that quantity of land and rocks, volcanic
mountains, precipitous blufls, &c.,&c., but we get
very little land that is capable of cultivation. But
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Smith] says
he would be willing to purchase lands for that
purpose, either North or South. Why, sir, a
railroad through that region will be as much an
object of solicitude to the Mexican Government as
to ours; for they will derive the same benefit from
it that we shall. That Government would be glad
to furnish the land for such a road. Indeed the
Mexican Government, by her treaty of " Guada-
lupe Hidalgo," was bound to aid in such a road,
provided one could be built along the valley of the
Gila. The Mexican commissioners who nego-
tiated that treaty, thought it a great object to get
such a road, and so did the Mexican Govern-
ment; and no one can doubt that they would un-
hesitatingly have given what territoiy they cede
to us by this treaty, could they have obtained a
road through that country by so doing. We have,
however, by the present treaty, released Mexico
from this obligation, and have agreed to pay her
$10,000,000 for the privilege of'performing that
act of generosity. Now, sir, for these reasons 1
shall not hesitate to vote against the appropriation.
It has been remarked that when this treaty was
before the Senate, there were such evidences of i
: fraud and corruption that the Senate refused to
; ratify it until the amount was diminished one half,
i I verily believe that if we were now to divide it
again the Mexican Government would accept it
just as quick as they would in its present shape.
But we must leave it for time to develop the true
character of this treaty. At this moment we can
only say that we see no justice or propriety in it.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMaine,said: Mr. Chair-
man, I listened to the remarks which fell from the
distinguished and learned gentleman from New
York [Mr. Gerrit Smith] with astonishment.
He undertook to show that this House was bound
to vote, without investigation and without question,
any money necessary for carrying out a treaty
entered into by the President and the Senate; that
a treaty formed by the President and Senate was
perfect and complete in its obligations; that the
House had nothing to do in regard to it, except to
vote the money; that it had no right, moral or
legal, to question or inquire concerning it. 1 had
supposed, sir, that that heresy was exploded more
than fifty years ago, in the discussion which took
place in the House of Representatives on Jay's
treaty. The position was taken by Mr. Madison,
Mr. Gallatin, Mr. Livingston, and other able and
distinguished gentlemen, among the first states-
men of this country of that day—the cotempo-
raries of the Constitution—that in all cases where
treaties connected themselves with the legislative
power of the Government, there should be legisla-
tion by Congress; that where money was to be ap-
propriated, or where the revenue, the trade, or the
commerce of the nation was in question, then
the consent of Congress must be obtained, other-
wise it would be very easy to deprive the House
of Representatives of nearly all its power in the
Government. It would be easy for the President
to form alliances, treaties, and conventions with
foreign Powers in relation to duties on imports,
taxes, in relation to commerce generally, and so
take away from the House all right to legislate in
reference to these great questions. It would not
be difficult for the President and treaty-making
power to form alliances with foreign nations, by
which this nation would be bound to furnish them
arms, aid,and supplies, in all their wars,and thus
compel us to make appropriations annually with*-
out other cause or reason for an indefinite term of
years. Although the Constitution provides that
no appropriation for the support of the Army shall
be made to continue for more than two years,
yet, sir, under the gentleman's construction, it
may be in the power of the President and Senate
so to involve this country in alliances with other
nations as to bind us to make appropriations for
an indefinite period of time—not for two years
merely, but for ten or twenty years. Sir, the
doctrine is a heresy, from the beginning to the
end. We are under no such obligation. We
have a right, in all these cases, to inquire, and
are bound J,o decide upon our own judgments,
formed upon the best information we can obtain.
But, sir, the gentleman seems to deny his own
doctrine, when he says that he will not vote for
this bill. Why? Because the treaty provides for
the payment of too large a sum. So he exercises
a discretion, acts upon his own judgment, at the
same time denying the right of the House to call
for information which might satisfy him that the
amount to be paid to Mexico is not unreasonable.
The House of Representatives are the immediate
representatives of the people. They hold the
purse strings of the country, and they are directly
responsible to the people for the manner in which
they hold them. The House of Representatives
is now the conservative branch of the Govern-
ment. It is the great branch, I may say the
power, in the American Government. Strip it of
this right to examine into treaties, and deny it the
power to refuse to make appropriations, and you
practically annihilate it. I listened with amaze-
ment to the doctrine—I will say the monstrous
doctrine—of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Smith.] I am happy to know that that doctrine
meets with but little favor in this Hall. I believe,
with the distinguished gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bayly,] who is at the heard of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, when he gave us his
construction of what the right of this House was
in connection with treaties—if I have been cor-
rectly advised in relation to what he said, for I
did not hear him—a doctrine consistent with the
republicanism of the better days of the Old Do-
minion.
Believing that we have a right to investigate this
matter, that we have a right to all the information
the Executive can give us concerning this treaty,
that we are not bound to vote upon a measure of
this importance and magnitude, without we know
all about it, without we know all the circumstan-
ces attending it; have the aid of the correspond-
ence, the papers, the documents, and every thing
which can shed light upon it, I am not prepared
to vote for it upon the mere text of the treaty.
For one, as I must vote upon my own judgment,
I require information upon which to give my vote.
I do not know how it is. This treaty may be
right, may be proper, and just, and fit to be made.
, If the correspondence and papers in the case shows
it to be so, I will vote cheerfully for it; but it may
| be otherwise. There may have been frauds—I do
: not charge that there were—there may have been
j corruption permeating it through and through. I
I do not charge that there was. I do say, however,
that I have a right to know whether there was or
not. I know that there have been charges of this
kind made in the streets and through the papers,
that the air is fuli of rumors upon the subject, and
J want to know whether there is any foundation for
them. This information is in the Senate, and it
may be sent to us if gentlemen please to ask for
it. Will they not, then, give us that information
