1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1543
so easy of access? If it is imfjfeper to give
it*to us in open House, let them give it to us
confidentially. We may, I hope, be trusted with
the secrets of the State as well as the Senate upon
questions where our action is as necessary as
theirs. If I had the information, 1 could then
know whether there is any truth in the suspicions
in connection with this treaty, which have been
given to the winds, and are floating through these
Halls. If there have been any frauds—if this work
is full of jobs, and the creature of infamy—we
had better know it at once, and we ought to know
it; and we would, in such case, reject the treaty.
"When there are suspicions abroad of a most se-
rious character, coming, it is said, from quarters
which should be well informed, can I, and ought
1, to give a vote of which I shall be ashamed here-
after, and for which I can give no excuse except
that I had no knowledge in the premises? No,
sir. For that reason, and until I have inform-
ation which can be readily given, and which, if
not given, leaves strong implication in favor of the
suggestions and suspicions, 1 shall refuse to give
my vote for this bill. And yet the treaty may be
just, expedient and wise; but it is not of that trans-
cendent interest—the advantages to be secured
by it, or to be lost in case it fails, are not of that
high and controlling character—so far as I believe,
which can justify me to overlook the objections
which, I fear, exist, or to give any possible sanc-
tion to this sweeping and blindfold manner of
voting away the people's money.
Mr. BOYCE. This is a subject of great im-
portance in two points of view. First, in refer-
ence to the power of this House over the subject
of appropriations required by treaties; and second,
in regard to the expediency of passing the appro-
priation bftl for $10,000,000, now before the com-
mittee. The first question is, what degree of discre-
tion has this House the right to exercise when a bill
comes here asking an appropriation to carry out a
treaty? I have no doubt but that the House has a
right to exercise a full discretion, a free and entire
discretion on the subject. I have no doubt but
that we are at liberty, if we think proper, to
reject the bill, and to refuse the appropriation.
Mr. Chairman, it has been well said that ours
is a Government of checks and balances. Its
whole organization is such. The House of Rep-
resentatives represent the people; the Senate rep-
resent the States; the President represents both
the people and the States. By one form of elec-
tion he is elected'by the people. In the event of
a choice not being made at first, he is elected by
the States. Therefore, 1 say, our whole political
system is one of checks and balances. In con-
struing the Constitution, we are not to construe
any one clause by itself, but to construe it as part
of a whole. We are to look at all the clauses, to
put them all together, and, if possible, endeavor
to draw a harmonious conclusion. Let us do
that in this instance. In the first place, we find in
the Constitution, with regard to the House of
Representatives, two important provisions; that
no revenue bill shall originate except m the House
of Representatives, thereby giving to the Repre-
sentatives of the people the full, absolute, and
entire power to place all pecuniary burdens on the
people. Then, again, itis provided thatno money
shall be drawn from the Treasury but in conse-
quence of an appropriation to be made by law, to
the passage of which the action of the House of
Representatives is, of course, absolutely neces-
sary. Therefore no money can he taken, first,
from the people but by the action of the House;
and secondly, no money can be drawn from the
Treasury but by the like action of the House.
If there is any principle in the Constitution
more important than another, more characteristic
of the whole tenor of our Government, more es-
sentially American, it is the great principle that
the Representatives of the people are to act on all
subjects involving the raising of money or the
appropriation of money. I take it, then, that this
is the great principle which is impressed on the
Constitution. And if we examine thatinstrument
by the light of history, we see the importance of
this principle. Our ancestors derived it from
England. It was the principle which secured (he
liberty of the English people. It was the great
principle which they had struggled for for cen-
turies—the right of the Commons to decide upon
the pecuniary burdens of the people, and whether
they should give money to the King or not. We
derive that great principle from the history of
England; and it is the same for which our fathers
struggled in the American Revolution. It is the
principle on which the Revolution was success-
fully carried out, and on which its battles had
been fought—the right of the Representatives of
the people to tax in the first instance, and to ap-
propriate the money from the Treasury. With-
out it, liberty cannot exist. Therefore it is the
fundamental principle of ourGovemmentjand we
are bound to construe the Constitution so as that
this principle shall at any rate have its full force.
However any other principle may suffer disregard,
this principle must have efficacy. Let us now
construe the Constitution in that light. We find
another clause in the Constitution with regard to
the treaty-making power. The President and
Senate are authorized to make treaties. Well,
cannot these two powers stand together' Un-
doubtedly they can. When the President and
Senate make treaties which do not require the le-
gislative action of the House, and are not prohib-
ited by the Constitution, they are the law of the
land; but any treaties which they make involving
appropriations of money require the legislative
action of the Hoiise, and cannot be operative and
m full force until the House passes the necessary
appropriation.
Suppose, Mr. Chairman, that we transpose th ese
different clauses of the Constitution. Suppose we
put this clause which restricts any other body than
the House of Representatives from raising money
in the first instance, and that clause wMch requires
appropriation bills to be passed through both
Houses. Suppose, I say, we put these clauses
together, alongside of the clause giving the treaty-
making power to the President and Senate, how
will it read then ?
" He (the President) shall have power, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to make
treaties; provided two thirds of the Senators pres-
ent concur;" " but" or " and"—use either con-
junction, or neither—"all bills for raising revenue
shall originate in the House of Representative;"
" No money shall be drawn from the Treasury,
but in consequence of appropriations made by
law." Certainly if the clauses stood in this juxta-
position in the Constitution, the construction I
contend for would be conclusive; but the effect of
the various clauses of the Constitution are in no
degree dependent upon their local position in the
Constitution, nor are they in any degree affected
by it. To all intents and purposes the money
clauses I have just referred to are as efficacious
where they now stand as if they had a local posi-
tion in immediate connection with the treaty power
clause.
The President, with the Senate, two thirds con-
curring, have the right to make treaties; but where
any money is to be drawn from the Treasury, the
bill for that purpose originates in the House of
Representatives; and no money can be drawn
from the Treasury but by appropriation made by
a law, in which both Houses must concur. If
both clauses of the Constitution which govern
this matter stood together, side by side, there
would be no doubt about this question. If these
clauses were in juxtaposition, there would be no
room for doubt.
But there is no locality in the Constitution.
One clause has as much force as another, as far
as construction is concerned. I take it, then, that
there is no doubt that this House has the right to
pass and act freely upon money bills which come
before it (or its action, whether that money is to
carry out a treaty or not.
In construing the Constitution, I think it is
proper that we should endeavor to throw around
it every possible security in relation to the expend-
iture of the public money. If we secure the
public money against being wasted, we accom-
plish a great result. The construction which I
contend for does accomplish that purpose, as far
as it can be done. If treaties are the lav/ of the
land, and obligatory upon the House without its
action, we have no discretion, but must make the
appropriation from the public Teasury; and the
President and Senate may determine how much
shall be expended in that way, and for what pur-
poses.
"We are, therefore, bound to give that construc-
tion to the Constitution which will secure the
money of thepeople: and the construction I contend
foris the one best adapted to accomplish thatobject.
Again, we should so construe the Constitution
as to be in harmony with the genius of our insti-
tutions. -The whole genius of our institutions
looks to the fact that the money of the people shall
be expended but by the consent of the Represent-
atives of the people. That fact has been alluded
to by every one who has written upon the Con-
stitution and laws of England, as the great safe-
guard of the English people; and they maintain
the doctrine that the Commons, who are the rep-
resentatives of the people, have a right to pass
upon all questions involving the expenditure of
the money of the people. And that is the spirit
of our institutions. It cannot be supposed that
we have fallen behind England in that respect, and
that we are placed in a less favorable position than
the people of England occupy.
I beg leave here to read a few lines from the
celebrated work of De Lolme on the Constitution
of England, who, considering the powers of the
House of Commons, says;
" In Spading the foregoing enumeration of the powers
with whigh tlie laws of England have intrusted the King,
vvo are at n loss to leconcilo Ihem with the idea of a mon-
archy which, wo an: toJd, is limited. The King not only
mutes Hi I: I m-eifall the brandies of the Bxeeutive power;
he not only dispose without eontioi, of the whole military
power in the Stale, hut lie is, moreover, it seems, the man-
tel of the law itself, since he cnlls up aral dismisses at his
will the leg'slative bodies. We find linn, therefore, at first
sight, invested with alt the prerogatives that ever were
claimed by the most ahsolntemonarchs, and we are ata toss
to find that liberty winch the J£nglisii seem so confident
they possess.
"But the representatives of the people still have—and
that is saying enough—they still have in their hands, now
that the Constitution is fully established, the same power-
ful weapon which has enabled their ancestors to establish
it. It is still Irotn their liberality alone that the King can
obtain subsidies; and in these days, when every thing is
rated by pceumaiy estimation ; in these days, when gold
is become the in eat moving spring of affairs, it may be
safely affirmed that lie who depends on the will of other
men with tegai d to so impoitant an article, is, whatever his
power may be in other respects, m a state of real depend-
ence." * *****
" The King of Kngland, therefore, has the prerogative of
commanding m nnes and equipping fleets ; but, withoutthe
concurrence of his Parliament, he cannot maintain them.
He can bestow places and employments ; but, without his
Parliament, he cannot pay the salaries attending on them.
He can declare war; but, without ins Parliament, it is im-
possible for linn to carry it on. In a word, the royal pre-
rogative, destitute, as it is, ol the power ot imposing taxes,
is like u vast body winch cannot, of itself, accomplish its
motions ; or, if yoti will, H is iike a ship, completely equip-
ped, but from which the Parliament can, at pleasure, draw
off ihe water and leave it agiound, and also set it again
afloat by granting subsidies."
Sir, thut is the great basis of the English Con-
stitution—the right of the Representatives to de-
termine the pecuniary burdens that shall be im-
posed upon the people. And shall it be said that
the Representatives of the American people have
less power than the Commons of England? Cer-
tainly not. 1 "consider, then, this right of the
House of Representatives to pass upon all money
bills as the very corner-stone of this Constitution,
and the great safeguard of our liberties; and, I for
one, will never consent tp abandon it. I cannot
agree with the opinions on this subject expressed
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Phillips.]
I know that some of the ablest writers upon consti-
tutional law have held different doctrines—Federal
doctrines which were piomulgated by the earlier
fathers of the Federal school—that this House
have no right to pronounce upon appropriations
required by a treaty—that the treaty-making power
is absolute and unlimited; and that, after a treaty-
has been ratified, this House is under an absolute
and peremptory obligation to make the appropri-
ations required. That is, I think, the doctrine
set forth by the gentleman from Alabama. But,
sir, 1 hold that the House has a perfect, full,
and free discretion; that we are to do as we think
best according to our honest judgments; not that
we are wantonly to reject a treaty appropriation
without a sufficient cause, but that we have the
right to exercise a sound discretion as to whether
we will pass or reject it.
Why, sir, what was the practice of the British
Government at the time our Constitution was
formed? for the practice of that Government at
that time is of much importance in giving the
proper interpretation and meaning to our own
Constitution in reference to this subject, because
it was from that source our ancestors, in a great
degree, derived their ideas of government. It was
from that source they drew the very life-blood of
our institutions.
Now, sir, what was the practice in England at
