1544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
the time of the formation of our Constitution?
According to Blackstone and other elementary
writers, the King is invested with the absolute
right to make treaties. But, in point of fact, all
monetary propositions, or propositions affecting
in any way the internal regulations of the country
embraced in treaties, hail to be submitted to the
House of Commons.
Well, sir, our ancestors, in framing our Consti-
tution, could not but have been governed, in a
great degree, in framing the treaty-making power,
by the practice then in existence in England,and
■which is still in existence there. With the practice
then existing, that all propositions involving the
appropriation of money must be submitted to the
House of Commons, is it to be supposed that our
ancestors were ignorant of that practice? Or,
supposing them to be acquainted with it, is it to
be supposed they were blind to its force? Sir,
when they, in imitation of the practice in Eng-
land, constituted the President and two thirds of
the Senate the treaty-making power, and when
that practice gave to the House of Commons the
right to refuse appropriations if they*thought
proper, it cannot be supposed that the founders of
our institutions would endow our House of Rep-
resentatives with less power, with less authority,
than was given to the British House of Commons
—a body which nominally bad a very large con-
stituency, but which really had a very small one.
I must conclude, then, fiom these circumstances,
if from none other, that the true interpretation of"
the Constitution is to give to this House the power
for which 1 have contended. I cannot conceive
that our fathers, in forming our institutions,
would have given to this House fewer rights and
privileges than was given to the corresponding
body in England, but i must conclude that while
they gave to the President and Senate the power
of making treaties, they gave to this House the
right to grant or refuse appropriations.
Again, Mr, Chairman, the Constitution says,in
one clause, that Congress shall have power to pass
all laws necessary and proper to carry into effect
the expressly enumerated powers conferred on
any department. It does not pay that they shall
pass such laws, but that they shall have power to
do so. Well that meets this particular case. The
treaty-making power is conferred on two depart-
ments of this Government. It comes, then, ex-
pressly under this clause of the Constitution.
This clause of the Constitution then grants to
Congress, which includes this House, the power
to pass such laws as may be necessary and proper.
It does not say that they shall poss such laws,
but it says " they shall have power" so to do.
This implies discretion. They are at liberty to
pass these laws or not, as they think proper. If
they have any discretion on the subject, they
musthaveafulldiscretion. You cannothavea half
discretion. Such a thing is metaphysically impos-
sible. You cannot draw a line of 3f)° 30', or any
other line, through a discretion. It must be an
entire discretion, or no discretion. It is an unlim-
ited discretion. A reasonable discretion, I grant
you—-une to be exercised under a just sense of the
responsibility wei^hins; on this House. It is an
unlimited, but rational discretion; and it is for
that discretion I now contend.
There is another clause of the Constitution
which, it seems to me, is full of meaning on this
subject. It is the clause which has been just al-
luded to by the gentleman from Maine, who pre-
ceded me in this debate, that all appropriations for
the support of the Army must be renewed every
two years. So jealous were our ancestors of a
standing army, or permanent military establish-
ment, that they required appropriations for the
support of the Army should pass before the peo-
ple every two years, which was the limit of the
term of the members of the House of "Represent-
atives; so that every time the Representatives of
the people come fresh from the people, with the
ideas and instincts of the people, they should have
the right to pass on the subject as to whether the
Army should be longer continued or not. If we
were to admit this unlimited power in the Presi-
dent and Senate to pass, treaties, and we wen*
bound to make the appropriations, what would
become of this great power by which our ances-
tors intended to preserve their liberties and to put
it out of the power of any ambitious general or
chieftain, at any future time, to have a standing
army. If you permit this absolute power, con-
tended for by the gentleman from New York, the
President and Senate may enter into treaty stip-
ulations with some foreign nations and engage to
give subsidies or keep up standing armies for any
length of time, an8 this great clause intended to
secure the liberties of the country would be nuga-
tory. I cannot consent to any construction of the
Constitution which would lead to such disastrous
consequences.
Again, may not this House refuse to make ap-
propriations which have been commenced by a
previous Congress ? Suppose laws were passed
by a previous Congress by which it was enacted
that certain appropriations should be made for
certain works, or any particular purpose, has not
every House of Representatives, as it comes here,
the right to determine whether it shall carry out
those appropriations or not? Undoubtedly they
have. The law requiring them to do so is the law of
the land. Treaties can be no more at the utmost
than the laws of the land; but the law of one Con-
gress is not irrevocably binding on another'. One
Congress may enact that there shall be appropri-
ations, but the next Congress may refuse to make
these appropriations; if, therefore, we have the
right to refuse to make appropriations, though
called for by the President, House of Represent-
atives, and the Senate, how much moie have we I
the right to refuse to make appropriations under |
a treaty ratified by the Senate and the President? j
I think this view of the subject is conclusive, for i
even admitting treaties to be laws in reference to !
all the subjects of which they dispose, yet this !
House would not even then be absolutely bound
to make treaty appropriations. But I cannot and
do not admit that treaties are laws where they
undertake to provide for the payment of money.
They are not fully operative and efficacious on
this point until they have been affirmatively acted
upon by the House.
I would beg leave to call the attention of the
committee to this important fact, that the restric-
tions upon the powers of the Government con-
tained in the Constitution, are restrictions on the
legislative powers of the Government, not on the
treaty-making power. The Constitution, for
instance, prescribes that Congress shall pass no bill
of attainder, and that no preference shall be given
to the ports of one State over those of another,
and that no laws shall be passed concerning the
establishment of religion. Ali these great principles
of liberty which are en bodied in the Constitution are,
in form, restrictions only upon the legislative power
of the Government. They are not restrictions
upon the treaty-making power. What follows,
then, as a consequence5 If the legislative author-
ity granted to this House to lay taxes and pass
appropriation bills is no restriction upon the treaty-
making power, much less would the exceptions to
the legislative authority of this House be ar,y re-
striction on the treaty-making power. And thus
you would arrive at this monstrous result, that
the treaty-making power was an unlimited power,
and the President and the Senate might do what
they thought proper, without being bound by the
limitations of the Constitution. It is impossible
that such a construction of the Constitution can be
sound. And, therefore, we must admit what I have
been contending for, that the legislative powers
granted to this House over the purse are limita-
tions on the treaty-making power.
I was surprised to hear the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Smith] give the treaty-making
power so broad a construction as he did; but his
conclusion is entirely at variance with his argu-
ment. After assuming that treaties place us under
a moral necessity to vote the money they require,
he tells us he will not vote for this appropriation.
It is contended hy some that, the Constitution
imparts a peculiar sanctity and vigor to treaties,
when it declares they shall be the supreme law of
the land. But in what sense does the Constitution
say that? Supreme over what ? Not over Con-
gress, and not over the House of Representatives,
but they shall be supreme—I mean in the last
instance, when they become laws—supreme over
State laws and constitutions. That is the mean-
ing of the word " supreme," in this connection.
For instance, after this treaty shall have been
passed upon favorably by this House, if it is so
favorably passed upon, it is to become the supreme
law of the land m reference to State law.? and
State constitutions. The word "supreme," as
it is found in this connection in the Constitution,
is not intende&Mo mean that the treaty-making
power shall be supreme over the legislative power;
and that the action of the Senate and President,
upon the subject of a treaty, shall be supreme
over this House, where it concerns any matter
over which this House has legislative discretion.
No such thing. Suppose the ground contended
for by the honorable gentleman from New York,
is correct, that treaties are supreme, and that we
are bound to execute them under all circumstances,
what limit would there be to the power of the
President and the Senate in making treaties?
They would have a carte blanche to do whatever
they might think proper to do, there would be no
barrier to their discretion; and where there is no
limit to discretion there is no liberty.
The object of free constitutions is to throw
around Governments the barriers of laws and re-
straints. I think there is danger that this treaty-
making power may be carried too far. It is the
tendency of power constantly to increase; it is
continually stealing from the many to the few.
The tendency of this treaty-making power is to
absorb all other powers, and it behooves us, the
Representatives of the people, to see that it does
not trangress beyond its proper limits. Take the
instance of this treaty. If the treaty-making
power can appropriate money, and we are bound
to carry out their will, what limit will there be to
the treaty-making power? None, none whatever.
For there is no legislative power in all the grants
of the Constitution so closely hedged in, so care-
fully protected, as the money power. That is
expressly confided to this House. They are the
tribunes of the people. They stand between the
people and all pecuniary oppression, or extrava-
gance, or prodigality.
If, therefore, the ti eaty-mnking power can in-
vade this great principle, where is it to stop?
Who can place bounds to it at all? We are at
sea, then, without chart or rudder. I say, then,
that we are bound to take our stand upon this
point; that the House has a right to exercise a
fair, rational, and reasonable discretion on this
subject, and to say whether they will or will not
pass any appropriation bill which maybe required
to carry out the provisions of a treaty. The
power of the House on this subject is not an in-
jurious power, as has been said by some. It may
be said, as it has been said by some of the ele-
mentary writers on this subject, that if the House
of Representatives have a right to pass upon the
subject of treaties which come before them in
their legislative capacity, that the business of
making treaties would be greatly perplexed and
entangled, that the President and Semite would
be shorn of-their strength, and that the treaty-
making power would thereby lose much of its
efficiency and force. No such thing. The power
of the House in this regard is simply a negative
power. The House cannot initiate a tieaty. No-
body pretends that it can do any diplomatic act.
It cannot take the first step m such a matter. It
may express an opinion, but it can do nothing in
the way of action. The House may pass resolu-
tions which may induce the President to make
treaties, but it can do nothing in the way of open-
ing negotiations or closing them. Its power is
simply a negative power; and a most useful power
it is. It is a beautiful illustration of the workings
of the concurrent majority principle on which Mr,
Calhoun constructed his profound theory of gov-
ernment. The veiy fact that the [louse of Rep-
resentatives have this negative power to refuse to
make appropriations, if they, in the exercise of
their best judgment, think that the appropriations
ought not to be made, may be used as" a very
powerful weapon of negotiation, by the President
and Senate, because, if foreign Governments
require too much money in the treaties we are
forming with them, they may say to them, " we,
ourselves, might be willing to accept your offer, and
give this amount of money, but this treaty has to
pass through the ordeal of the House of Repre-
sentatives. The repiesentativesof the people have
to be satified on the subject; and they are a little
particular about the money of the people. They
might refuse to pass the appropriation hill to en-
able us to comply with the terms of the treaty,
and thus the treaty would become null and void."
So far, then, from the power of the House of
Representatives to pass upon this point being in-
jurious, it is a power which might be of the great-
est benefit, as it can be used by the President and
