1546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
to the security of tills Government. But I trust
the Administration has no; authorized the Union
to make any such statement, and to advocate the
treaty upon that ground.
The position has also been taken by one gentle-
man [Mr. Phillips] in this House, that we have no
right, or, at least, we ought not to reject the treaty
unless we h>/ ve a clear conviction that it is wrong.
Now, my position is, that when the Government
brings forward a measure for us to act upon, by
appropriating as in this case $10,000,000, it is for
them to show that it is right, and not for us to
show that it is wrong.
But, it has been said here that we get twenty mil-
lions of acres of land by this treaty. Now, sir, I
submit that we have no knowledge of that fact.
You do not know that you are gettingone acre of
land. All we get by the treaty is sovereignty over a
certain tract of land; but is there a particle of evi-
dence that it has not, every acre of it, been granted
*away long ago ? So far as the Mesilla Valley is
concerned—and thatis all, ormost of all, this treaty
comprises, of any value from the accounts we have
—it is a settled country, and, if settled, it has passed
from the ownership of Mexico. Now, sir, all the
right we acquire over it, is that held by Mexico;
and, I ask, is there a particle of evidence, is there
an allegation even, that every foot of this Mesilla
Valley has not been sold out? Or suppose it has
not. All the right Mexico ever had in or over
it was that of eminent domain, and is there a
particle of evidence that she has ever extinguished
the Indian title to one single foot of it? 1 there-
fore say that, so far from being certain that we
are to get this land, the facts before us are prima
facie evidence that we shall not get one foot of it.
Mr. HAVEN. Why a man served a notice to
every member of the House that he had a mort-
gage on the whole of it.
' Mr. PERKINS. Well, that would be some
sort of evidence that it had passed from the In-
dians. [Laughter.] Now, sir, in relation to this
call for information, I appeal to the opponents of
this call. They tell us we are too late, that we
did not call for it in time. I desire to make a
single remark upon that subject. My colleague
[Mr. Haves] has already alluded to it, and 1 shall
not present the facts as strongly as he did, but 1
think there are one or two considerations which
did not present themselves to his mind. Sir, this
treaty was formed with a stipulation that the rati-
fications should be exchanged within a little-more
than a week. I do not recollect the precise time,
after it could have arrived here. 1 do not remem-
ber how long it was before the Senate.
Mr. BOCOCK. I dislike very much to inter-
rupt the gentleman, but 1 desire, in good faith, to
make a statement upon this point. The treaty
came here some months ago, when the time for
exchanging the ratifications were fixed. The
Senate had it under consideration for a very long
time, made some alterations in it, and sent it back
to Mexico, wheie the Senate amendments were
accepted, and the treaty returned without changing
the time for its ratification. That is the reason
why it comes here so near the time fixed tor the
exchange of ratifications. The time itself was
fixed some months ago.
Mr. PECKHAM. That is, of course, what
the gentleman infers; what he imagines was the
fact. Of course, he does not know.
Mr. BOCOCK. How, do not know ? Do not
1 know that this is the treaty which came to the
Senate several months ago, that the Senate put in
an amendment, that it was sent to Mexico, and
returned as I have stated ? if I do not know that,
how did the gentleman and his colleague [Mr.
Haven] know all they have told the committee
about it to-day ?
Mr. PECKHAM. Did the gentleman ever see
the treaty before it came to this House?
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask the gentleman if, with
all his sophistry, he does not believe the facts I
have alluded to as much as he believes anything r
Mr. PECKHAM. The gentleman puts a ques-
tion to me instead of answering the one f put to
him. 1 ask him if he ever saw the treaty before
it came to this House ?
Mr. BOCOCK. I never saw it before it came
here.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from New York, I will
make a single sug?estion. This treaty was com-
municated to the" House on W ednesttay last. I
suggest to the gentleman whether, if the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, or the J
| chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
had been disposed, as they would seem to imply,
or as the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means would especially seern to imply in his
answer to the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Haven] to-day, that the House should have the
knowledge if there was time, it would not have
been competent for either of them to have asked
Wednesday last for unanimous consent for the
i adoption of a resolution calling for these papers;
! and whether he believes that anybody would have
I objected under their call?
1 Mr. BOCOCK. May I answer that question ?
Mr. PERKINS. Certainly, sir.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman from INew
York, over the way, made some allusion to that
'. subject when he was up. My friend, here, from
i Maine, has suggested it two or three times, but
! does my friend remember that those upon whom
he imposes this responsibility do not want this j
information ?
Mr. WASHBURN. Nor do they want any-
body else to have it.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman says, why did
not the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means offer the resolution? Why does he not
ask for information? Did my friend ask for it?
Suppose that he saw enough on the face of the
treaty to satisfy him that it was right. Suppose
that he saw on its face that the United States ac-
quired from Mexico enough to justify us in pay-
ing this money, and was satisfied to pay the
money, why should the gentleman from Alabama,
on his own motion, have asked for the infornm-
tion? "
But let me notice another thing. The gentle-
man has suggested that Monday was the first day |
! on which this resolution could have been offered, j
Well, how does it come that he has offered it to-
day? Why could he not have offered it as well
Wednesday. Why could he not have asked the
unanimous consent of the House Thursday, Fri-
day, or Saturday,as well as to-day? Did he wish
to sit still, say nothing, and expect the gentleman
from Alabama, who saw on the face of the treaty
enough to justify him in voting for the money, to
call for the information? He comes to-day and
asks unanimous consent, excusing himself for not
doing so on Wednesday last.
Mr. PECKHAM. I did not see the treaty
until Saturday or Monday, I think not until Mon-
day; but I was perfectly satisfied that if I offered
the resolution calling for the correspondence then,
that it would have been, beyond all question, ob-
jected to by some gentleman. Acts of the House
'satisfied me of that. Hence I offered it at the
first moment L could move to suspend the rules.
Then, if gentlemen had thought proper, we would
have had most abundant time to have got the in-
, formation.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. One word.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. 1 cannot yield
further. Gentlemen may cross-question each other
when 1 have finished.
This call for the correspondence is the only
other matter on which I am to speak. 1 desire to
address myself to ltbefore it is exhausted by other
gentlemen. As I have already said I never intend
to get up on this floor, and repeat over and over
m a different language ideas already expressed.
I have not done it as yet. 1 therefore cannot yield
further for fear they may exhaust the subject,
and leave nothing for me to say. [Laughter.]
Now they have the matter pretty well exhausted,
but 1 behtve I have one or two ideas yet left upon
the subject. I stated that this treaty was sent to
us at a'time when, by the rules of the House, we
could not offer resolutions calling for information j
upon the subject, and get to a vote upon it without
it was on Monday last, without unanimous con- ;
sent. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bocock]
.stjys that this treaty was negotiated months and j
months ago. . I
Mr. BOCOCK. Upon its face it appears that i
it was. i
Mr. PERKINS. I should not dare if the gen- |
tleman had not already done so, to have referred
to what took place some three or four months ago j
in reference to this treaty. It is tiue it was pub- i
lished in the Herald, and it was said to have |
been improperly obtained. If what was published ,
m the Herald was true, we have the strongest
reason under heaven for a call upon the Government
to know something about this treaty. According
to the statements published in that paper, we were
to pay #20,000,000, but the Senate sent it back
to Santa Anna, striking out one half of the sum,
and Santa Anna signed it immediately. If the
commissioner was grossly imposed upon, or
wheedled into this thing by speculators, I would
like to know why it was he was wheedled into
giving just as much as Santa Anna was willing to
take. I have the strongest conviction upon my
own mind, that it was never intended 1hat this
House should have accecs to these papers, and that
the parties concerned in it believed, if we obtained
that information, that it would be the means of
defeating the treaty. I predicate that belief upon
this fact: that this treaty was sent here in the mid-
dle of last week, and the day, or the next day after
it was sent here, the Presidenthad business to Old
Point Comfort. The mlesof the House do not
permit us to introduce a resolution calling for in-
formation, unless by a suspension of the rules on
Monday, except by unanimous consent. What
has transpired here to-day, whatever conviction it
may have upon other minds, satisfies me, beyond
all possible doubt, if a resolution of that character-
had been offered the day the treaty was sent here,
that objection would have been made to its recep-
tion. 1 have not been accustomed, either is the
Legislature of New York or here, to vote ap-
propriations of money blindly, and in the dark.
If I do not understand them, and cannot inform
myself about them, I either will not vote at all, or
I will vote against them. If I should vote to give
away money without a just conviction that it was
right, I should consider myself as thieving in the
pockets of the people.
Then, sir, I do not know the occasion which
called out from the Union the declaration and ar-
gument that it was absolutely incumbent on this
House to grant this appropriation. But I have a
sort of conviction that it grows out of, and is con-
nected with, a similar declaration to the effect that
if Spain does not want to sell Cuba to us, we must
declare war and take it Now, I do not know
anything about what price will be offered for
Cuba, but I do not think that I am going to vote for
paying Spain two or three hundred millions for it
without my knowing thoroughly the reasons
calling for that appropriation. And in this case
I am not going to set a precedent which will give
the Government an excuse for refusing such in-
formation as the Housemay deem necessary. So
far as 1 am concerned, I say, give me the inform-
ation necessary to enable me to act intelligibly,
or else, I will not, in this way, put my hands into
the pockets of the people.
Mr. MILLSON. Up to one minute ago, Mr.
Chairman, I had no purpose of addressing the
committee; but a remark which just now fell from
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Peckham,]
and a similar one made by his colleague, [Mr.
Perkins,] render it necessary that I should say a
word or two for the purpose of explaining to them
that 1, at least, was no party to any understand-
ing which both gentlemen say prevailed in com-
mittee, in regard to offering the resolution calling
for correspondence, and that I had nothing to do
with violating it.
Mr. PECKHAM. I, for one, did not intend
to intimate anything of the sort. I dirt under-
stand, from the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means—and 1 think he so stated to
the committee—that he had no objection whatever
to this information being laid before the House;
and with the view of procuring it, and with that
understanding, I made the motion that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman said that there
was a general understanding of the sort through-
out the committee.
Mr. PECKHAM. I meant my remark to be
in the shape I have mentioned.
Mr. MILLSON. When the motion was made
that the committee rise, it was evident to me that
the object which the gentleman had in view could
not be accomplished, as there was no quorum
present, there being not more than thirty or forty
gentlemen then in committee; and it immediately
occurred to me that if the committee rose, objec-
tion would be made to the offering of the resolu-
tion; and that if opposition should also be made
to returning into committee, which I thought prob-
able, the debate which was then going oil would
