1854.
TOT CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IWf
Mr. SMITH. Well, sir, then that has nothing
to do with the matter before us. But really, with
all due respect, it does seem to me that it does
not become gentlemen, who aiesetting their faces
against the laws of the Union, to speak of nulli-
fication. You h ive certainly had most lamentable
displays of nullification out of the slave States—
to wit, in the fiee-negro States.
Sir, whatever passes under our constitutional
forms, and under the authority of the Constitu-
tion, is the law of the land, and it becomes every
true man to give it his entire and undivided sup-
port. Practical nullification is found no where ex-
cept in the free States—nowhere else. Resistance
to the laws have alone been there developed. The
clause of the Constitution which enjoins on the
Federal Government the duty of suppressing do-
mestic insurrections has never been called into
exercise, except in the free States.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. It was called
into exeicioe in Georgia in reference to the In-
dians.
Mr. SMITH. 1 am not speaking of the In-
dians at all. I repeat, sir, that it is a remarkable
fact, that that clause of the Constitution which
imposes on the Federal Government the duty of
suppressing domestic insurrection has never been
called into execution, except in the free States. In
Shay's rebellion m Massachusetts,in the whisky
insurrection in Pennsylvania, m Rhode Island, in
the case of Dorr, and in other cases of less im-
portance, we have seen the power of the Fed-
eral Government, at a heavy tax on the public
Treasuiy, called into exercise; but at the South it
has never been called into exercise—never. Our
own conservative character, our own self-ielianee,
the perfect law and order which prevail among us,
have secured a quiet, faithful, and tiue execution
of the laws theie. I mention this because it is
proper that gentlemen should not forget it; for we
aie frequently taunted with that provision of the
Constitution which northern gentlemen say binds
them to suppress domestic insurrection.
The question now comes up; and God knows
that I have no feeling of ill-will—I never nurse
my wrath to keep it warm; for I would rather
laugh at any moment than to scowl—the question
comes up, shall this treaty, which secures to the
American Union the right of way across this con-
tinent for a railroad, be carried into execution by
the requisite appropriation or not? Louisiana is
now constructing, in the northern part of her ter-
ritory 
Mr. PECKHAM. If the gentleman refers to
the eighth article, it does not secure a railroad to
the Government.
Mr. SMITH. It secures a track for one.
Mr! PECKHAM. No; but to a chartered, in-
dependent company.
Mr. SMITH. I am speaking of a railroad.
It is in the family; and, therefore, what the gen-
tleman states does not matter, even if so.
Mr. PECKHAM. It is not even m our family.
Mr. SMITH. In Louisiana?
Mr. PECKHAM. I am speaking of- the Te-
huantepec route.
Mr SMITH, I am not. I was going on to
say that Louisiana was now engaged in building
a road in the northern part of her territory to the
line of Texas, and that the State of Texas had
alreadyappropriated most munificently to secure a
railroad m continuation through her territory of
eight hundred miles to the territory near El Paso,
ceded to us by this treaty. And thence a distance
of about six hundred and fifty miles, a consider-
able portion of which is through the State ot Cal-
ifornia, to the Pacific.
Mr. PECKHAM. That right of way was se-
emed to the Government by Mr. Walker long
before this treaty.
Mr. SMITH. You have got that from over
the way. . , ,
Mr. PECKHAM. I got it from the documents
of the Govei nment.
Mr. SMITH. We know nothing aboui, that,
except what we see in the newspapers. Even
conceding that Mr. Walker had secured the right
of way, did it secure to the American people the
rio-ht of eminent domain over that territory. i'o,
sir, without this treaty the first railroad from our
own territory that would connect the two oceans,
would still have to pass through a foreign land,
owned, if not occupied, by the most worthless
population of the earth. Does the gentleman de-
sire to see an improvement such as this, with all
its giganticconsequences, under the conti ol of for-
eigners, and foreigners such as those of Mexico?
I know his own patriotism and good feeling would
recoil from the idea, it such a result could be
avoided in any reasonable way.
By this tieaty, also, thete is a right of way
Gaston, of South Caroling, widow of Joseph Gas-
ton, praying that the invalid pension granted to
her husband in his life tune, may be also granted
to her; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr BRODB.EA.D presented the memorial of
Anne S. P. Chew, executrix of W. W. Chew., of
secured to us over a route of undoubted value, if ;j Pennsylvania, deceased, praying a claim for
we are to believe the current history of the times; j
and for winch Mr. Buchanan, when Secretary of 1
State, authorized Mr. Trist to give $15,000,000. f
I mean the Tehuantepec route. Then, too, by this j
treaty we are released from that unhappy provis- j
ion, the eleventh article of the treaty of Guadalupe ;
Hidalgo. And now, when such substantial and i
important advantages are secured, gentlemen j
pause, and complain that they are denied inform- ■
ation upon this subject. Gentlemen tall? about the j
correspondence relating to thjs treaty being confi- '
dentially communicated to this House—confiden- ,
tially communicated to two hundred and thirty-six !
men! Why,sir,in abody ofsixty-twomen only,
composed of Senators, complete confidence and
secresy is out of the question Then, what chance
is there in a body like this of keeping anything
confidential? It is too late now to call for the
information; and the question is really, mdepend-
entofall outside considerations—wjII this commit-
tee refuse to report to the House, for its adoption
or rejection, a bill winch shall enable the Presi-
dent to execute this treaty. If the appropriation
outfit of her testator, as charge d'affaires to Russia,
preferred by him during his lifetime, may beailowed*
to his estate; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, it was
0)dered% That Phtneas Njglniitga.!e, adirumstratorof Na-
tliatnel Git'cne, deceased, have leave to withdraw liisi peti-
' tiou and papers.
t reports from standing committees,
i Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Peu-
] sions, to whom was referred the petition of Abia.-
i ham Cutter, praying the payment of a balance due
| him for his servicers a lieutenant in the late war
i with Great Britain, and that he may be allowed a
! pension for injuries received while in thedischarge
of his duty, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for his relief; which was read, and passed to
a second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Gabriel Denton, pray-
ing that further relief may be extended to the
i i .i j 'i i i i mo- tnat lurtner renei may ue exienueu uie
is to be made.it must be m.ade without delay, * . noio woi.cn*
' i ) . II iA7.il ! so diers of the war of loli, submitted an adverse
or the treaty mov not be executed at a . Wiii j ' , , , ,
eaty may
gentlemen hesitate what course to adopt when
they take into consideration the compaiatively
small sum asked, when compared wiLh former-
sums demanded by the Mexican Government? J
do not believe they can hesitate a single moment
under the circumstances, and lam quite confident
that the appropriation now asked to carry into
effect the provisions of this treaty will be readily
granted.
Mr. HAVEN. I am about to make the motion
that the committee rise; but before doing so, I
wish to make a single remark. I have listened
with great pleasure and interest to the speeches ot
the last two gentlemen who addressed the com-
mittee, wherein they have undertaken to. show
that it was not of any importance that this House
should taiye information upon the subject of this
treatv. They will excuse me for saying that I
cannot concur with them; and I believe this House
and the country would rather have ten minutes
perusal of the correspondence upon this subject,
than two hourspeeches from thegentlemen them-
selves, eloquent as they are. I now move that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to. j
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having ■
resumed the chair, the temporary Chairman of the
committee [Mr. JoNES,ofTennessee,] reported that 1
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the i
Union had had under consideration the stateof the i
(Jft'ion generally, and particularly bill of the House
(No. 405) to " enable the President of the Uni^d ]
States to carry out the third article of the recent ;
treaty with Mexico," and had come to no resoiu-
j tion thereon.
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
! House do now adjourn.
I The motion was agreed to.
j The House thereupon (at ten minutes before
■ eight o'clock, p. m ,) adjourned to to-morrow at
1 twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 28, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer. #
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
j petitions, etc.
! Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Wil-
• liam Brown, praying compensation for services
! and losses in the war of 1812; winch was referred
! to the Committee on Claims.
j Mr. SL1DELL presented the petition of Gaston
1 Turner Raoul, of jLmngston, Louisiana, praying
: to be allowed the right of locating a floating claim
j of six hundred and forty acres of land, held by
' him, in the Greensburgh distiiot of Louisiana,
i which was referred to the Committee on Private
;! Land Claims. ..
SI Mr. BUTLER presented the petition of Jane
report thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a memorial of
Clements, Bryan & Co., praying indemnity for
losses sustained by the rescinding of a. contract
for furnishing supplies, asked to be discharged
I from its further consideration, and that it be re-
' t'erred to the Committee on Claims; which was
1 agreed to.
| personal explanations,
j Mr. PETT1T. Mr. President, I ask the con-
| sent of the Senate to make a short explanation,
; which will only take a few minutes, in reference
j to the publication of the remarks made by me on
I last Monday. 1 did not desire to proceed to the
! explanation until the Senator from Massachusetts
! came in, as he is somewhat involved in it. 1 see
! he is now in his seat, and I shall therefore pro-
! ceed.
It will be recollected that on last Monday I
made some remarks, which v/ere published on
Tuesday morning in the Globe, in which I, in
terms not very complimentary, spoke of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts having publicly avowed
that he disregarded the obligation of the oath he
had taken to support the Constitution. In those
remarks of mine I find the following words, pub-
lished as a response from that Senator:
"Mr. Sumner. I said I recognized no obligation in the
Constitution of the United States lo bind me to help to
reduce a man to slavery."
Mr. President, these remarks were not made
by that Senator at all (luring ray remarks. If
they had been made they would have been false,
; ai4 would have been promptly pronounced so by
1 me- „ ,, ,
! Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I call the
1 Senator to order. The Senator states with regai d
! to myself that certain remarks attributed to me
| there were not made by me at that time. To
' that, 1 reply they were made.
i Mr. PETTIT. I will prove in his teeth that
! it is what 1 have stated—utterly false.
j Several Senators. Order! Order!
! The PRESIDENT. The Senator must confina
! himself within the lules of order.
1 Mr. PETTIT. Mr. President, I charge in
| this place, and I will establish it before Isit down,
| that the Senator did not make those remarks upon
| this floor, but that he went to the reporter of the
I Senate, and got him to interpolate them and put
| them in after the Senate adjourned. I will not
>j leave any doubt upon that point, fori shall clearly
'' establish it. I say, further, that he made no such
I remarks; and that if he had made them, they
! would have been untrue, and I should haye re-
plied to them promptly.
■! Now, sir, before proceeding further, let me say
j a word m reference to the propriety of reports
|j and their publication. I hold that no Senator can
II be reported unless he has the 8oor. He musl
