1552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28.
A bill for the relief of Zadoc C. Inghram;
A bill for the relief of Llewellyn Washington;
and
A bill for the relief of Mopes Olmstead.
RAILROAD IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. STUART. I move to dispense with the
prior orders, m order to take up the bill from the
Jtiouse of Representatives " to aid the Territory
of Minnesota in the construction- of a railroad
therein." The Delegate from, that Territory is
exceedingly anxious that the bill should be dis-
posed of, in order that the interests of that Terri-
tory may not suffer.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Dixon] had- the floor yesterday
upon another subject, and he came here then pre-
pared to speak, but, in deference to whatseemed to
be the wish of a majority of the Senate, he gener-
ously yielded the floor. I submit to the honor-
able Senator from Michigan now that it would be
unjust to impose on that Senator another post-
ponement to-day. 1 think courtesy to him, as
well as the usual form of transacting; the business
of the Senate, requires that we should take up the
unfinished business, and he a* him or* that subject
1 hope, therefore, the Senate will not take up this
bill.
Mr, CLA,YTON. I desire to offer a resolution
which can take but a moment, and I ask the con-
sent of the Senator from Michigan to allow me
to submit it.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The consideration of
this bill will not take as much time as theieading
of that resolution, 1 care not what it ts. This
bill, or orfe similar to it, passed the Senate some
time ago, and was sent to the Hou>-e. The House
has passed the same bill with a slight amendment,
as a House bill, and sent it to us. It will not
consume five seconds, unless theie be objection to
it, and I do not think there can be objection, be-
cause we have passed twenty bills of the same
character at this session. I hope the Senate will
take up and pass the bill.
Mr. CLAYTON. During the morning busi-
ness, resolutions are in order, and, therefore, I
submit that the resolution which I wish to offer
ought to have priority. I have no objection at all
to taking op the Senator's bi/f.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator will allow the
bill to be taken up, I will consent, with great
pleasure, that his resolution shall then be disposed
of.
The motion of Mr. Stuaiit was agreed to; and
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill.
Mr. GRYER. I think it is unnecessary to
consume the time of the Senate in reading the bill,
for it is in the usual form.
Mr. STUART. It is in the usual form of all
the railroad bills which have been passed at this
flexion.
Mr. BAYARD. I prefer to have the bill read.
It certainly is not in the same form as the other
bills which the Senate have passed. These only
allowed lands nine miles back from the line of the
road to betaken, but this, I understand, allows a
selection at any distance.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. No, sir, only fifteen
miles back.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Its object is to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from the southern line of the Territory of
Minnesota, commencing at a point between town-
ship ranges nine and seventeen, by way of St.
Paul, to the eastern line of the Territory, in the di-
rection of Lake Superior For this purpose it pro
P'ises to grant to the Territory every alternate sec-
tion of public land, designated by odd numbers,
for six sections m width, on each side of the road.
If, when the route is definitely fixed, it shall appear
that the United States have sold any section, or
part of a section thus granted, or that the right
of preemption has attached to it, the proper terri-
torial authorities may select, in alternate sec-
tions, nearest to the tier of sections granted, but
withm fifteen miles from the road hne, lands
equal to those sold, and to which preemption
rights have attached. The lands gianted are to
be exclusively applied in the construction of the
road designaud, and arc to be disposed of only
as the road progresses. All lands along the route
heretofore reserved to the United States by com-
petent authority, are exempted from the opera-
tion of the bill, except that the right of way is
granted over such lands where it may be neces-
sary .
The lands reserved to the United States within
six miles of each side of the road, are not to be
sold for less than double the minimum price, nor
arc they to be subject to private entry until fhst
offered at public sale at the increased price. The
lands granted are to be subject to the disposal of
the Territorial Legislature, for the purpose of
aiding in the construction of the road, and are not
to inure to the benefit of any company heretofore
organized. The railroad when built is to be a
public highway for the use of the United States
Government, free from toll or charge on the' trans-
portation of any property or troops of the United
States. The United States mail is to be trail-s-
ported over it at such price as Congress may
direct, but until the price is fixed bylaw, the
Postmaster Genetal is to determine it.
No title is to vest in the Territory of Minne-
sota, nor is any patent to issue, for the lands
granted, until a continuous length of twenty miles
of road shall be completed through the lands
granted. Then a patent shall issue for a quantity
of land not exceeding one hundred and twenty
sections, included within a continuous length of
twenty miles, and so on at the completion of each
additional twenty miles; but if the road be not
completed within ten years, no further sale is to be
made, and the land unsold is to revert to the Uni-
ted States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
| Mr. BADGER. I call for the unfinished busi-
ness.
! The PRESIDENT. It is the petition of men of
j Boston, Massachusetts, praying for the repeal of
; the fugitive slave law. The pending question is
; on the motion made to refer the petition to the
! Committee on the Judiciary,
i Mr. HOUSTON* 1 wish to forward business
i as much as is withm the compass of my power;
j! and presuming that next Saturday will bealeisure
i day as we have been in the habit of adjourning
. over Saturday, I desire to give notice that I will
on that day, in my place, make a personal expla-
nation. 1 make the announcement in order that
the Senate may, if-it pleases, notadjourn overthat
day.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair. The floor was assigned to meupon
the bill which has been vetoed by the President of
the United States, at some time last week, I be-
lieve before this* petition from men of Boston was
presented. I wish to know whether this petition
has precedence of that bill ?
The PRESIDENT. This petition takes pre-
| ceclence during: the morning hour.
I Mr, BRODHEAD. 1 do not wish to throvy
| any obstruction in the way of the honorable Sen-
j ator from Kentucky, but 1 desire to say to him,
I and to the Senate, that 1 should like to have twenty
i minutes before we adjourn, tomakeafewremarks
! on the bill which has been vetoed. 1 desire to leave
i town to-morrow, and I should like to make those
| remarks to-day. Any time before or after three
' or four o'clock will suit me.
] Mr. DIXON proceeded to address the Senate
j upon the subject-matter of the petition. [A report
j of his speech will be found m the Appendix.]
1 Mr. CLAYTON. I propose that by unani-
mous consent this subject be now passed over
until to-morrow. If that be done, I desire to
submit a proposition to take up Senate bill No 316,
which will occupy the attention of the body but
a very short time.
Mr. GW IN. I hope that the Senator will move
that it lie upon the table.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have no objection to that.
Mr. GWIN. [ move then that it lie on the
table; and upon that motion I call for the yeas and
nays. 1 want to stop the debate altogether.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. GWIN. My object is to stop the debate
which will lead to no practical result.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 rise to a question of order.
I ask whether u is in order, when a motion to
refer a memorial is befoie the Senate, to move
that that memorial he on the table?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) Undoubtedly it is in orderto sub-
mit such a motion at any time. It is a privileged
question.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope that the Senator from
California will withdraw his motion. I trust that
there will be no more debate upon the question.
But by making his motion now, he will place a
number of us in a very false position. 1 am de-
cidedly in favor of the leference—
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This question
is not debatable.
Mr. GWIN. I desire to say why I make the
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator, then, to withdraw his
motion.
Mr. GWIN. 1 withdraw my motion, then, for
a moment.
I desire to give the reason why I made the mo-
tion that it he upon the table. I shall not go into
its merits. 1 look upon the reference of the sub-
ject to the Committee on the Judiciary, for the-
purpose of taking into consideration the propriety
of repealing that law, as being just like a propo-
sition to refer to that committee the question of
the propriety of dissolving the Union. We all
know, that by the repeal of the fugitive slave law
the Union wiil be dissolved. Now, Mr. Presi-
dent, we are 
Mr, BADGER'. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him? I wish meiely to suggest to him
that, before the subject-matter of the petition is
disposed of, I desire to submit a few remarks to
the Senate. 1 think it is due that that subject-
matter should be considered.
Mr. GWIN. Then I will move to postpone
its consideration until next Monday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Delawaie has submitted a proposition that,
by unanimous consent, the subject be postponed
until to-morrow. Is there objection to it?
Mr. CLAYTON. I trust my proposition will
be agreed to.
Mr. CHASE. I object.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 desire to inquire if the
proposition offered by the honorable Senator from
Delaware be taken up, and it leads to a debate,
whether he will consent to let it go over for the
purpose of taking up the special order—the indi-
gent insane bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proposi-
tion of the Senator from Delaware has been ob-
jected to, and therefore cannot be entertained.
Mr. BADGER. Then I move to postpone the
further consideration of the question until to-
morrow.
Mr. tHASE. I think, with great deference,
that we had better proceed with this matter until
it is disposed of. There are severalSenatois who
desire to address the Senate upon it; and if we
postpone it until to-morrow,it will takeup agreat
part of the day, and may occupy a great portion
of the time of the Senate for a week or more. I
think it would be decidedly better to proceed with
it to-day, and close the debate.
Mr. CLAYTON. The whole of this debate is
out of order. U interferes with the fixed order of
the Senate. The Senate was proceeding with the
regular debate on the special order, when upon
the mere presentation of a memorial, theresprung
up a debate which would usually be parliamentary
in the morning hour; but it has been protracted
until it has interfered with the special older. On
that ground I hope the motion to postpone will
prevail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on postponing the fuither consideration of the
subject until to-morrow.
Mr. MALLORY. I should regret to see that,
motion prevail. I think undue impoitance lias
already been given to this petition; and by post-
poning it from day to day we are but adding to
that importance. 1 think the deliberate judgment
of the Senate is in favor of the reference. I have
no doubt that, if the question could be taken now,
or had been taken at any time since the submis-
sion of that petition, it would have been- decided
m favor of the reference. I have no doubt it
could be done now. I have no doubt that is the
sens^ of the Senate. I do not, therefore, see that
any necessity exists for debating the subject from
day to day. I should exceedingly regret its post-
ponement until to-morrow.
