1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1555
it has been referred to me. At the time of the
Revolution, every sixteenth man in the State of
New York was a slave.
Mr. BUTLER. The Senator from New York
is right.
Mr. SEWARD. I am sorry for it.
Mr. BUTLER. Sir, I shall put the interrog-
atory in such a way that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will be ashamed of his historical prop-
osition. I intend to make it so palpable that he
cannot undertake to throw derision on me for the
statement which I have made. I continue: Was
not New Hampshire a slaveholding State ? Was:
not Pennsylvania a slaveholding State? Was i
not Delaware a slaveholding State? Was not !
Maryland a slaveholding State? Was not Vir- !
giniaa slaveholding State? Was not North Car-1
oliria a slaveholding State ? Was not Georgia a
slaveholding State? So far as it regards the j
relation of master and slave, were they not as much !
so as South Carolina, the State selected for the j
gentleman's prepared attack. j
Mr. SEWARD. I am requested to make my
answer a little more accurate, according to the
truth. I understand that, at the time of the Rev-
olution, every twelfth man in New York was a
slave.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not care about the pro-
portion; I do not think thatatall important. But
■were not the States which 1 have named slave-
holding Slates at the time of the Declaration of
Independence? History can recognize no distinc-
tion between them. In the progress of events
changes have taken place; this progress may go
on, and greater changes may take place. These
will afford no excuse for denying the irrevocable
certainty of the past. They can afford no refuge
for historical falsehood such as the gentleman has
committed in the fallacy of his sectional vision. I
have shown that twelve of the original States were
slaveholding communities. Now, sir, I prove j
that the thirteenth, Massachusetts, was a slave-
holding State before, and at the commencment of,
the Revolution. But why talk of proving what no
one can deny ? The gentleman cannot deny the
fact. As to the character of slavery in that State,
that may be somewhat a different thing, which
cannot contradict the fact stated in the newspapers
of the day, that negroes were held, were adver-
tised for sale, with another truth, that many were
sent to other slaveholding States in the way of
traffic. When slavery was abolished, many that
had been slaves, and might have been freemen,
were sold into bondage, with the consideration in
the pocket to afford a supply to the philanthropy
of the vendor. I have said that the independence
of America was achieved by the arms and treas-
ure of slaveholding States. I will never, in a par-
liamentary sense, be personalbut- I say that I
convict him of historical falsehood. Dare you,
sir, look me in the face and deny it?
Mr. SUMMER. Deny what?
Mr. BUTLER. That independence was won j
by the arms and treasure of slaveholding States?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The Senator must address the
Chair.
Mr. BUTLER. He cannot and dare not deny
it.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator yield the
floor?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir, because I want to
hear what you can say on that subject.
Mr. SUMNER. What I can say is very easily
said, and, 1 think, is very decisive. When,in our
history, we speak of slaveholding States, we mean ,
those in which slavery has been an established
policy, and professedly an essential element in their
civilization. This, 1 believe, is common, if not uni-
versal. Of such I spoke when 1 spoke of slave-
holding States—such as were regarded as slave- !
holding States at the adoption of the Constitution—
which, in those days, were called southern States,
in contrast to the northern States, sometimes called j
the non-slaveholding States. By slaveholding ;
States, of course I mean States which were pecu-
liarly, distinctively, essentially slaveholding, and
not States in which the holding of slaves seems to
have been rather the accident of the hour, and in
which all the people, or the greater part of the
people, were ready to welcome emancipation.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I think the re-;
marks of the Senator verify exactly what 1 said,
that when he chooses to be rhetorical it is upon an
assumption of facts, upon his own construction,
and by an accumulation of adjectives. I quit that
part of the subject, for it is too palpable to need
argument, and leave it to the country to say what
shadow of truth has the gentleman to cover him
in saying that i had made a remark betraying an
ignorance of the subject, or one made in irony?
Upon this remark of mine, thus characterized by
him, the gentleman has poured out what he would
have us regard as rebuking invective.
I again repeat, that the independence of Amer-
ica was won by the arms and treasure of slaveholding
States.
Sir, he made the assertion with a view to assail
South Carolina. That was his object. He did
it with a view to assail a State in which, I may
say, whatever have been her distractions and dif-
ficulties, there is scarcely a stream or a path that
was not sprinkled with the blood of men con-
tending for the liberties of the country. Does he
suppose that I can be required to defend South
Carolina, or can be provoked into an attack on
Massachusetts by anything that he—he—can say
of South Carolina? No, sir; I never made the
attack on Massachusetts imputed to me; but he
has assumed that I did so, with a view to make
his speech, exactly as he assumed the other day
that 1 asked him a question which I never asked,
as I will prove when 1 come to it. He assumed
that I asked him a question which I did not put.
it is a matter in regard to which 1 should have
said nothing, but for the display which he has
made to-day.
I never asked him the question which, it now
appears, he assumed to answer the other day.
But he had in his drawer, with his fingers fixed on
it, his reply, and he drew it out without exactly
knowing what 1 had said. I give him credit for
that; I believe he did not know what I asked; and
just in the same way now he has undertaken to
assume that I assailed Massachusetts. 1 said not
a single word in regard to Massachusetts, in the
way of censure on her history. God knows, as
I would say if I stood before his tribunal now to
be judged, the Senator could not provoke me to
it. An illustrious predecessor of the Senator,
[Mr. Webster,]—1 will not institute a compari-
son, much less a contrast between them—once
said: " Massachusetts needs no eulogy; there she
stands; she speaks for herself." I may add, that
she will borrow nothing from the Senator's rhet-
oric. No, sir; the pages of her history have been
written, and 1 shall read them, and let the northern
audience hear them. 1 shall read them with pride,
with pleasure, and here acknowledge that 1 have
been inspired by the lessons of her thrilling annals,
and have been animated by the examples of her
illustrious men. And in that history I did not
look for materials of a libel on her true character.
Do not suppose for a moment that I could not
find pages for censure. No, sir; as 1 would think
of Hancock and Laurens I will think of Massachu-
setts and South Carolina,as they were. The very
first mission, as I have learned from a respectable
source, that was sent for aid in counsel and treas-
ure, came from Boston to Charleston. It came
from a Colony that had taken th^, step in the Rev-
olution that would have lead to her destruction
but for the aid of the now denounced slaveholding
State, and from the libelled State of South Caro-
lina. The communications then were between
communities on whose soils had been fought the
firft battles of the Revolution—between the men
of Bunker Hill, and the men of Sullivan's Island.
But, sir, do you suppose that I shall be pro-
voked into an assault upon Massachusetts? No,
sir; Massachusetts and Boston, so far as I can
see, have done their duty, and stand vindicated
before the Confederacy, in spite of their misrepre-
senting advocate. Sir, what 1 said to the gentle-
man was not to him as the Representative of the
people of Massachusetts, either as they were or
as they are. I did not magnify himfnto the Rep-
resentative of Massachusetts. In assailing the
small target at which I shot, I never assumed that
I was going to make an assault upon the gravity,
the dignity, and the historical reputation of Mas-
sachusetts. He has thought proper, however, to
turn round, and, by his miseiable shifts, to dig-
i up, in the last night, I suppose, by the aid of
] jackals and hunters—worse than slave-hunters,
| men whose malice would lead them to do any-
i thing—musty records, m order to distort and mis-
1 represent history; and he expects ms to-day, in a
moment, to answer his libel. I can refute* and
might denounce it. I shall trust to transient indig-
nation.
Sir, in what I said the other day, and in what I
have said at all times, I never instituted the com-
parison which the Senator has chosen to make.
In the rather playful remarks which I made in
reference to Massachusetts some time ago, to
which the Senator has referred, I said that Mas-
sachusetts, like South Carolina, and all the other
States, had undergone a material change of opin-
ion on the subject of slavery; for at one time, as I
| showed, there was a statute in Massachusetts—
! illustrating opinion, I did not mention it by way
! of reproach—providing for whipping every negro
j who returned there. Now, in their philanthropy,
1 they are so much better off that, instead of their
| whipping negroes, they invite them there, with
I a view, I suppose, to exhibit this wonderful
I spirit of liberty called " a spirit of resistance to
i the Stamp Act —for the purpose that I referred
1 to the totees quotees statute, as I termed it, under
< which a colored man going into Massachusetts
was liable to be whipped as often as he did go there
from another State—I had a right to do so. It
was to show that Massachusetts had very little
1 sympathy then for the negro race. It was to
I show the state of opinion that existed then. The
1 truth is, Massachusetts at one time had the same
I opinions as other States in relation to the colored
j race. When she owned them, she used them as
I slaves.
; Well, sir, the Senator has said that Massachu-
1 setts was not a slaveholding State at the time her
distinguished heroes, statesmen, and poets illus-
trated her history. 1 might say now of the Sen-
ator and his confrSres, that, like some of the
degenerate poets of Rome and Greece, they could
praise Marathon, Thermopylae and Salamis, but
they never lived in a period when they were capa-
ble of the achievements of those whom they at-
tempted to praise. I distinguish between the ripe
orator, who is proud of the reputation of his State,
and the vapid rhetorician. The gentleman has
indulged himself in a tone of indignation in re-
sponse to me, for saying that Massachusetts was
once a slaveholding community. Nay, more; he
has denounced me for my ignorance on thesubject;
and he seems specially to think that the laurels and
honors of Hancock, Warren, and the Adamses,
will be tarnished by anything that can be said of
them, even by attribution, iri connection with the
character or relation of a slaveholding people.
Why, sir, if he had made true that these great men
did not live in slaveholding Massachusetts, would
he have it supposed that, on that account, they would
have claimed a superiority to their equally illus-
trious compeers ? But let the gentleman take the
truth, that these great men, with names illustrat-
ing a common history, were born and bred m a
slaveholding community, and that they were as
good as others born since.
Is it not now apparent that the gentleman has
selected his own positions, and hss erected his
batteries for the discharge of his sectional cannon
on grounds denied to him by truth? Has he not
falsified iTistory to make his production the vehicle
of his designs? Has henotdenied what I stated,
and what all must admit is true? And for what
purpose?—to take aim at South Carolina, from a
rest. It is like the conceited archer, who shot at
i the star because he had his arrow aimed at it.
Here there are two propositions in which I
| have refuted him upon the moment, without look-
i ing back through musty records to find out all
[ these things which are to be hunted up No doubt
his editors had them already prepared to throw out
i his speech upon Massachusetts to inflame the pub-
! lie mind. I know, sir, he said the other day that
■ all he said was the effusion of an impulsive heart;
' but it was the effusion of his drawer. Talk to
i me about the effusions of the heart! What kind
■ of effusions are those which escape from tables
I —from papers—played like cards sorted for the
' purpose? They are weapons prepared by contri-
' bution, and discharged in this body, with a view
of gratifying the feelings of resentmentand malice;
; with a view of wounding the pride of the State
| which I represent, and through her to stab the rep-
| utation of the other southern States. But, sir, we
i are above the dangers of open combat, and cannot
be hurt by the assaults even of attempted assas-
j sination.
i Sir, it is a sore thing to the gentleman that I
