1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1557
would assist to reduce a human being to bondage,
or to return him to bondage?—as he has put it.
I did not ask him any such question as that. I did
not approach anything like it. I asked him a
question of exactly the same import which I had
put to the other Senator from that State: " What
would you dor" I meant, what would you do as
a public representative, on that subject ? Would
you advise the abrogation of the present fugitive
slave law, with the understanding, on your part,
that when you go home you will advise your con-
stituents to do their duty m relation to this matter?
I turned to him and asked him what he would do?
Well, sir, what do you think he said? I have no
doubt he had his reply in his drawer fixed, ready
for me. It is a pretty thing, no doubt. He did
not, however, answer my question, nor did he
answer the question which he made for himself.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to correct htm ?
Mr. BUTLER. You may correct me, if you
can.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very reluctant to inter-
rupt the Senator.
Mr. BUTLER. I would rather you would not
interrupt me. 1 do not think you can correct me.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to call the Senator's
attention to a report to which I alluded before.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
Does the Senator from South Carolina yield the
floor to the Senator from Massachusetts?
Mr. BUTLER. I think the Senator had better
let me finish.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to show this now.
Mr. BUTLER. Very well.
Mr. SUMNER. The New York papers, which
came to-day, under the telegraph head, give a
report of what passed, which is necessarily more
brief than that in the Globe. The statement here
is as follows:
" He [Mr. Btjtler] would like to ask the Senator, if
Congress repealed the fugitive slave law, would Massachu-
setts execute the constitutional requirements, and send
back to the South the absconding slave??"
That is the statement of the Senator's interrog-
atory m the New York papers, as addressed to
my colleague. Then the report in the Globe,
which, I presume, has been revised by himself 
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir, not that part; I never
will touch personal matters; I give you to under-
stand that.
Mr. SUMNER. The report in the Globe goes
on, " Will the honorable Senator [Mr. Sumner]
tell me that he will do it?"
Mr. BUTLER. That was my inquiry.
Mr. SUMNER. Then the New York papers
represent me as saying, " Do you ask me if I
would send back a slave?" Then they go on to
say, that the Senator from South Carolina an-
swered, "Why, yes." Thatis to say, the ques-
tion was, would I send back a fugitive? to which
I replied as you know.
Mr. BUTLER. I will not undertake to say
here what was the Senator's exact interrogatory.
1 know what mine was. Of that 1 have a right
to speak.
Mr. SUMNER. Unquestionably.
Mr. BUTLER. Though I have been asked
frequently by others, X will not say what his in-
terrogatory was; for I never will do injustice.
Mr. SUMNER. I cheerfully concede the Sen-
ator that right. , I know he could not misstate on
this floor; but what 1 concede to him I claim for
myself; and I believe it is reasonable to suppose
that what I said is better within my memory than
within his.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, will the honorable
Senator from South Carolina allow me to state
my recollection ?
Mr. BUTLER. I am perfectly willing that the
Senator shall do so.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe the Senator from
Maine sat at some distance from me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 sat on this side of the
Chamber, and listened very attentively to what
was said. My recollection is, that the Senator
from South Carolina first addressed himself to the
Senator from Massachusetts, on this side of the
Chamber, [Mr. Rockwell,] and, as I understood
the inquiry, though I cannot pretend to give the
precise language, it was to this effect: Suppose
the fugitive slave law to be repealed, will Massa-
chusetts then pass laws, or see that fugitives are
feturne'd ?
Mr. BUTLER. Under the Constitution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir, I believe the
words " under the Constitution" were in the in-
quiry. The Senator from Massachusetts, on this
side of the Chamber, did not immediately reply
to the Senator from South Carolina, and then
turned to the other Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner,] and put the same inquiry to him.
Mr. BU l'LER. 1 think so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts immediately said, as I understood him,
" Does the Senator ask me if I would return a
fugitive slave," or something of that kind; 1 can-
not tell his exact language; and then he made the
quotation.
Allow me to state one thing further that has
come to my knowledge. The Senator from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Clay,] as I understand, has ad-
dressed the Senate on the supposition that there
was a misunderstanding and contradiction between
the Senator from Massachusetts and the reporter;
and he alluded to the letter from the reporter
which was read by the Senator from Indiana.
That letter states that the remark of the Senator
from Massachusetts, as published in the Globe,
was not in the reporter's notes. Now, sir, lhave
very good reason for saying, and I can substan-
tiate it very readily, although it may not be pre-
cisely in order for me to show how, that there is
no contradiction whatever between the reporter
and the Senator from Massachusetts; because,
although the remark, as given in the precise words
in which it is given, was not in the reporter's
notes—and that is all the reporter meant to say—
the substance of the remark,.the same idea, was in
the reporter's notes, and written out; but the
mere phraseology, not changing the idea, was
altered by the Senator from Massachusetts, as
stated. On that the debate has proceeded, being
predicated on an entire misapprehension. That
misapprehension is, that, as to the substantial
remark, there was a dispute between the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts and the reporter,
which, I say, with very great confidence, does not
exist.
I may say further, that after the scriptural quo-
tation made by the Senator from Massachusetts,
the Senator from South Carolina made some re-
mark to the Senator from Massachusetts, which
I distinctly observed, in regard to his unwilling-
ness to support the Constitution. What the pre-
cise phraseology was 1 do not know. The answer
made by the Senator from Massachusetts was in
these precise words: " I recognize no such obli-
gation." I did not understand that Senator as
meaning to say that he would not obey the Con-
stitution, or would disregard his oath; nor, allow
me to say, was he so understood by many gentle-
men on this side of the Chamber; but he simply
meant to say (1 certainly so understood him) that
he did not consider that the Constitution imposed
any such obligation upon him. That is all.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, what I mean
to say the honorable Senator from Maine of course
does not undertake to controvert. I meant to put
the same proposition to this Senator [Mr. Sum-
ner] that I had put to his colleague. When he |
answered, he answered a question which, perhaps, j
he put himself; but it was not the inquiry 1 pro- !
pounded. « I
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to say to the Senator |
from South Carolina—and I do say it most un- j
feignedly—that, in answering him at that time, I i
answered him honestlyand frankly, according to j
my position. He addressed me, and I regarded j
the appeal as addressed to me individually—as, if i
1 may say so, an argumentum ad hominern. Will I
you join in doing this? I so understood it; I so I
declared, and then I answered the Senator, under-j
standing him to ask me if I would individually, ;
personally, join in sending back a slave. That
was my interpretation, and accordingly I an- ]
swered, and by that answer 1 stand. I state this j
with all frankness and simplicity before the Sen- j
ate. I think the controversy does not justly arise '
on the facts.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from South Carolina yield the floor? j
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir, I do, in connection j
with this matter; for 1 do not undertake to recol-;
lect anything, except the question which I put j
myself. That 1 do recollect. !
Mr. RUSK. I have no desire to be a volun-
teer in this matter; but I happened to b« sitting
very close by both Senators, and I think I have a
very distinct recollection of what occurred. The
honorable Senator from South Carolina was ad-
dressing the Chair on the subject of the reference
of this petition to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Among other remarks, he said that he had not
put a very high estimate upon the fugitive slave
law passed by Congress, and that he was very
willing to investigate the subject; but that, before
investigating it, with a view to its repeal, there was
a question which it would become necessary to
ask the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
alluding to the Senator on the other side of the
Chamber, [Mr. Rockwell,] or, at all events, ad-
dressing him. It was whether, if Congress^hould
repeal the law in regard to fugitive slavesjpdas-
sachusetts would execute the provision of the Con-
stitution. What the other words which he used
in that connection were, I do not exactly remem-
ber; but they were to this effect, that he did not
ask for a direct answer from him, but that it would
become a material inquiry, in the investigation of
the question, whether the fugitive slave law should
be"repealed. He then turned round to the other
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] I
was under the impression he did it as a matter of
politeness—that having asked one Senator, he
thought he ought, perhaps, to ask the other.
Mr. BUTLER. That was my real feeling.
Mr. RUSK. He put the question to him,
"What would you do, sir?" The Senator from
Massachusetts became very mueh excited, and
I think he was not in a condition to remember
exactly what he did say. He said, "Do youask
me if I would do so and so," and he immediately
said, "Is thy servant a dog, thathe should dothis
thing?" That is about the way I understood it.
I was sitting close to both Senators, and I think I
heard fully all that passed.
A word now in answer to a remark which fell
from the Senator from Maine. The observations
to which he alluded last occurred in a question
between the Senator from Massachusetts and the
Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pratt.] The Sen-
ator from Maryland said something, and the ob-
servation which the Senator from Maine repeated
was in reply to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It might have been so;
but I remember that the statement to which so
much exception was taken in the remarks of the
Senator from Massachusetts, was made distinctly
in the terms I have stated, according to my recol-
lection.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not think this matter very
important, and I shall not detain the Senate longer
upon it; but I will say what I know to be the true
explanation of it. The same interrogatory which
I proposed to the Senator from Massachusetts on
the other side of the chamber, I intended to pro-
pose to the Senator on this side. When he chose
to make his reply by a quotation, he assumed
that 1 had made an interrogatory which I had
never made, but it verifies again what I said be-
fore, that all his rhetoric has been upon issues of
his own creation. I did not make them. I did
not ask him whether he would join with the police
as an individual, to pursue a slave, and he knows
I did not. His elaborateimpromptu,in hisquoted
answer, was an affair of his own altogether.
I make novPthe qualified remark—for upon per-
sonal matters I wish always to be correct—that
whatever may have been the Senator's assump-
tions, in nothing that I did say, in no interpreta-
tion that could be given of what I did gay, ought
he to have supposed that I would have asked the
question, whether he, as a Senator of Massachu-
setts, was bound to join with the police and appre-
hend a slave. He may have been expecting such
a question, and was prepared for it. Sir, I asked
a graver question, whether he, in his plape, as a
Senator of Massachusetts, would say here that
Massachusetts would execute the Constitution of
the United States, and whether he would concur
in carrying out that Constitution ? That was the
interrogatory I proposed to him; and he evaded'it
by saying, "if the gentleman saye so and so, then
I answer by this quotation." I made one issue
by my interrogatory, and he made another. I do
not say that it may not have been a misconcep-
tion. 1 will be qualified on the subject; but when
he made that remark, I assumed that he regarded
himself absolved from the obligation taken "by his
