1558
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
oath here to maintain that provision of the Con-
stitution which required every State in this Union
to perform its duty in returning a fugitive slave.
I assumed it, and i denounced it. At first I did
not say much about it; but I treated it rather with
ridicule, until it became a subject of more than
ridicule by a subsequent remark of the Senator,
and then I did denounce it in a very few sentences.
I do not think he could take much exception to
even those sentences, compared with what others
have said. But before them he cannot find a
place where I bestowed a single epithet on him,
except that I characterized his speech as vapid
rhetoric. I had a right to do so. On some occa-
sions 1 had thought and spoken well of his taste;
but thought there was justice modifying that judg-
ment^ saying that the same thing, attenuated and
repewfcd, had lost something of even its original-
ity. In this criticism he may have been touched.
Now, by way of episode, let me say, as the Sen-
ator has referred to me, that it would have been my
■wish to have him perform the part which I would
have assigned him. If he would'discharge the
duties for which I think he is fitted, I should be
satisfied Perhaps I ought not to indicate w^at
those duties are. f have never shown an un-
friendly feeling. Now, he witl allow me to state
the reason why I was excited on that day. I wish
him to understand why I was fairly excited in
regard to the matter which has been the cause of
so much controversy here. Considering that the
remark to which 1 have referred came from a man
of his responsibility, talent, and scholarship, I
think I had a right to be excited at it. Why,
sir, did not that Senator rise and say in the
Senate of the United States—not speaking in an
adversary Commonwealth, whose flag had been
erected by the voice of his own State, not as
standing upon Bunker Hill and inspired by the
spirit of liberty—he was willing to run the hazards
and risks of battle; not that he was willing to
-encounter the pains and penalties of a separate
movement against the Federal Government ? But
what 1 was excited at was that, in this Senate
he should say that the provision of the Consti-
tution of the United States, a compact into which
Massachusetts entered, recognizing the existence
of slavery and the obligations of the non-slave-
holding States to perform their duties in return-
ing a fugitive, imposed no obligation xipon him !
When I saw him rise upon this tloor, and heard
him say that that clause, and all laws intended to
carry it out, were worse than the Stamp Act, and
that before God he would be as much justified in
resisting them as our forefathers were in resisting
the Stamp Act, I was excited. When a coequal
Senator stood on this floor, and said it would be
as lawful, as heroic, as glorious, to resist this pro-
vision of the Constitution, as to resist the Stamp
Act, I was indignant. As I understood him, he
justified combined communities, mobs, in resisting
the fugitiveslave law, or that provision of the Con-
stitution. Sir, he identified with the glorious re-
sistance to the Stamp Act, as exhibited in Boston
and elsewhere, resistance which he was willingto
make to the Constitution of his own country !
Did he suppose that I, as a southern man, in-
terested in the institution of slavery, representing
a slaveholding Commonwealth, could stand here
and hear myself denounced, and my community
denounced, for maintaining.an institution of that
kind, and for insisting upon the constitutional ob-
ligations of others, to conform to the terms of the
Confederacy? When he said, that befoie God—
I do not know whether he used those words, but
he made some solemn asservation—the enormities
of the Stamp Act sunk into insignificance, com-
pared with the enormities of this provision of the
Constitution, or any act intended to carry it out,
it was enough to excite me. It was, however,
but a temporary excitement; and if the Senator had
not this morning come here, and indited a libel
against South Carolina—not m the name of Mas-
sachusetts, for she would not do it—if he had
not come here this morning, and with concocted
malice, poured out a prepared speech, on the
assumption that I had said a thing which I never
said; if he had not come here deliberately pre-
pared to take materials brought together in a fell
spirit, with a view to make a distinction between
the North and the South, and against South Car-
olina, I should have said nothing;. God knows
South Carolina has had her difficulties through-
out the whole period of her existence. Her his-
tory is written in blood and trial. But I forbear.
When she invited Greene, and he took command of
her militia and regulars, I will not say certainly, but
i do not think there was a Massachusetts soldier
who followed him. Perhaps some of the officers
might have been from Massachusetts. Greene
was invited to take command of the southern army.
He had good taste enough to appreciate the grati-
tude and the offerings of friendship bestowed upon
him by Georgia and South Carolina. His grave
is there. They bestowed upon him fortune. They
rewarded him with something more than thelaurels
which the rhetorician can bestow upon the hero
whose merits I am afraid he cannot appreciate.
Sir, when he speaks of my honored State by cull-
ing history which I have not had an opportunity
of examining, I admit we had our difficulties. The
truth is, it is a wonder that South Carolina ever
went to the rescue of Boston. Boston made the
war with Great Britain. She was the first. She
made it in the spirit of hardy Massachusetts, of
slaveholding Massachusetts. 1 do not say, how-
ever, that the fact of her being or not being slave-
holding had anything to do with it. I do not say
that a State is better or worse for being slaveholding
or non-slaveholding. But, sir, when Massachu-
setts made the declaration and involved the country
in the issues of war, we came to her rescue, and
our history will illustrate the annals of that day.
I will not say more, for more would not become
me or him on that point.
It might be expected that I should reply more
specifically to some things said about South Caro-
lina. I will do so when there is a real occasion.
So long as the names of Kirkwood, Howard,
Morgan, and Rutherford; of Marion, Clarke, and
Elbert, shall remain in history, the southern States
will require no vindication on this floor. And so
long as the names of Lincoln, Greene, Stark, Put-
nam, and Knox, shall remain, they will serve to
shed their rays on a common history. That is
secure from the North or the South. They will go
to show that slaveholding communities can achieve
an organized independence, and can institute con-
stitutions for the maintenance of rational liberty.
I will now conclude by saying that what I have
said has been the effusion of the moment, and
not the effusion of the drawer; but what the Sen-
ator has said this morning has been the deliberate
preparation of two or three nights' lucubrations,
collecting the materials of history, and making
them subservient to the maintenance of falseissues.
With that proposition I leave the subject. Upon
false issues he has made his speech.
Mr. CLAY. I do not rise to make a speech;
I have no idea of trespassing on the time of the
Senate at this period of the day; but I rise to re-
peat—and I call the attention of the Senator from
Maine to it—that there is a material difference
between the Senator from Massachusetts and the
reporter. Before 1 allude to the evidence to estab-
lish the truth of the position assumed by the Sen-
ator from Indiana, and reassumed by myself, I will
say to the Senator from Maine that 1 do not doubt
that he labors under an honest misapprehension,
arid that he really believes what he has stated.
Now, I wish to call his attention, first, to the fact,
that the Senator who put the question, and who
stood immediately before the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, understood him as denying the obli-
gations of his oath to support the Constitution of
the United States; that he so treated it, and con-
tinued to treat it throughout the remainder of his
speech. And that the Senator from Massachu-
setts so intended at the time, there is confirmation
in the record itself; and I call the Senator's atten-
tion to it. Here it is, found in the following re-
marks of the Senators from South Carolina, from
Maryland, and from Massachusetts, as exhibited
in the report before us:
<e Mr. Be ri.fr. Then you would not oboy the Constitu-
tion. Sir, [turning to Mr. Sumner,] standing here before
this tribunal, where you swore to support it, you rise and
tell me that >ou regard it the office of a dog to enforce it.
You stand in my prer-ence, as a coequal Senator, and tell
i me that it is a doc's office to execute the Constitution of
the United States?
tk Mr. Pratt. Which he has sworn to support.
"Mr, Sumner. I recognize no sueh obligation.}J
That is 4< confirmation strong as proofs of Holy
Writ" that he was not misapprehended, and that
he reasseverated what he had before asserted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I donotundertaketosay
how the Senator from South Carolina understood
it, nor do i undertake to say how the Senator
from Alabama, or any other gentleman, under-
stood it. I only say that the language was such
as I have stated, and that i did not understand the
Senator from Massachusetts as conveying such an
idea as is imputed to him, nor did many other gen-
tlemen, to my knowledge, on this side of the
Chamber.
Mr. SUMNER. Nor had I any such idea to
convey.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 imputed at the time the
construction which was put upon the language of
the Senator rather to the heat of the debate and,
perhaps, a want of capacity—not a general want
of capacity, but a want of capacity under the ex-
citement of the occasion—properly to appreciate
the real meaning which the Senator intended to
convey.
Mr. GILLETTE. I will state,sir, that I was
in my seat, paying very close attention to the re-
marks which were made that day. As the Sena-
tor from South Carolina turned to the Senator
from Massachusetts, the latter Senator rose, and
in this manner asked the question, " Do you ask
me whether I would return a slaver"—emphasiz-
ing the " me" and the $< I," which, to my mind,
banishes all doubt as to the matter. That is the
way in which 1 understood him.
Mr. PETTLT. Mr.President, there may pos-
sibly have been some mistake as to one point, but
there can be none as to the last. Did the Senator
from Massachusetts make use of the following
language: il I recognize no such obligation ?" No
Senator, not even that one himself, pretends to
deny it. Now, what is that obligation which he
says he does not recognize? Gentlemen may
fix up as many beautiful sentences as they please,
but 1 shall very easily show what it means. The
Senator from Massachusetts asked the Senator
from South Carolina, according to the report,
(which 1 contend was an interpolation,) whether
ne interrogated him so and so? Then, after his
answer, the Senator from South Carolina went on
thus:
"Mr. Butler. Then yon would not obey the Consti-
tution. Sir. [tiiniing to Mr. Sumner,] standing here before
this tribunal, where you swore to support it, you rise and
tell me that you regard it the office of a dog to enforce it.
You stand in my presence, as a coequal Senator, and teM
me that it is a dog's office to execute ihe Constitution of
the United States ?
" Mr. Pratt. Which he has sworn to support."
This remark of the Senator from Maryland did
not change at all what the Senator from South
Carolina was saying; for he had already told the
Senator from Massachusetts that he had sworn
to support the Constitution. But to that, what
was the response of the Senator from Massachu-
setts ? Here is the issue, and it is narrowed down.
He promptly responded:
(> Mr. Sumner. I recognize no such obligation."
What, sir? The Senator from Massachusetts not
recognize the obligation of the Constitution, and
the oath he has taken to support it 1 That is what
the Senator from South Carolina and the Senator
from Maryland alike charged upon him. They
notified him, they warned him, they advised him,
they refreshed his memory, that he had sworn to
support the Constitution; and directly,in the face
of both these advices, warnings, ana remmdings
that he occupied such a position, he expressly
said, " I recognize no such obligation."
Now, sir, how does the Senator attempt to get
out of it? How can he, or how can his numerous
friends, undertake to excuse him, and get around
it? He may quibble as to the other question,
" whether you asked me whether I would do so
and so," emphasizing the me and the I; but I say
that he said he recognized " no such obligation"
as the Constitution of his country, and the oath
he had taken before the Presiding Officer of this
body, upon the Gospel of God, to_support it; and
that he boldly stated here in our presence, (and
was the first high official that ever did utter such
words; and no man can say he did not utter them,)
that he recognized no such obligation. No such
obligation as what? The Constitution of his
country, and his oath to support that Constitu-
tion. His words are, " I recognize no such obli-
gation ."
Sir, the Senator stands convicted, not by my
testimony alone, but by the testimony of your
reporter, the testimony of the Senator from Ala-
bama, the testimony of the Senator from Florida,
the testimony of the Senator from South Caro-
