1560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
But he does object; and I hope that the House
will make the reconsideration and modification of
the bill as desired.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to say to the
House thatl do desire the reconsideration to take
place. I do not wish, and would not seek to ac
complish, anything by indirection; and if I had
wanted the Postmaster General authorized to abro-
gate the existing contract, i should have so stated
in plain terms. I sought nothing of the kind, as
1 stated on a previous occasion in my place here.
I hope the House will allow the reconsideration
to take place, that the proper amendment to ex-
press the views of the committee, as well as my
own, may be made.
Mr. McMULLlN. Mr. Chairman, I am dis-
posed to favor the proposition of my friend from
California; but before doing so, I should like to
have some information on the subject, from either
the gentleman himself, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, or the
chairman of the select committee on steamship
contracts. It is my desire to increase, within
reasonable limit, the mail facilities for California.
The cost of the present facilities, if I am correctly
informed, is $838,000 the year; my friend's prop-
osition authorizes and requires the Postmaster
General to increase that expenditure $'250,000.
There seems to be some difference of opinion
between the gentleman from California, the chair-
man of the Post Office Committee, and the chair-
man of the select committee to investigate the
subject of contracts with steamship companies for
carrying the United States mails as to whether
the contract immediately under consideration can
be abrogated. Now, sir, while I am anxious and
willing to afford all the mail facilities to California
which justice may demand, still I cannot vote for
this $250,000 increase unless I can have some as-
surance, or see my way clear in regard to the
abrogation of the existing contract with this mail
steamship company. Let the gentlemen to whom
I have alluded give the House their reasons why
the appropriation is a proper one.
Before 1 yield the floor, however, for the inform-
ation I have asked, I repeat what I said on a
former occasion when the question was before us,
that we ought not to act on the bill until we
had seen the conclusions of the investigating
committee on steamship contracts, and the action
of the House on its report. I understand from
my friend that he intends to notice this point after
the reconsideration; and when we get back to the
merits of the bill, I shall not trammel, by any
objection of mine, any of the friends of the bill.
1 think that the people of California need, and
are entitled to, increased mail facilities; but I hope
that the House may be now furnished with the
information which 1 have indicated. On that in-
formation will, to some extent, depend the vote
which I shall give. If we cannot give up the
contract with this steamship company, so as to
make better arrangement than that now existing,
I am willing to vote what is asked; but I can-
not consent to tax the Post Office Department
§1,000,000 for mail facilities for California, when
I know that there are other sections of the coun-
try similarly situated, and who demand at our
hands further mail facilities.
Mr. OLDS. I am, perhaps, unable to give the
gentleman from Virginia the information he has
asked relative to the power of Congress to put an
end to existing contracts for the transportation of
the mails between New York and San Francisco.
It depends entirely on the construction of the
contract, involving, perhaps, some nice legal
points that the House can decide for themselves.
But I cannot, for the life of me, see what that has
to do with this bill. The question is a simple one.
Do we need increased mail facilities between the
Atlantic arid Pacific? If we do, let us-have them.
Then, if you have the power to put an end to the
existing contract, and make a better one for that
mail service, let us have that also. But it appears,
if we need an increase of mail facilities, we should
pass this bill without any reference to the other.
Believing that the matter has been fully discussed,
and to save the time of the House, I move the
previous question upon the reconsideration.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. Will the gentleman
withdraw his demand for the previous question,
to enable me to make an inquiry ?
Mr. OLDS. I will withdraw it if the gentleman
will renew it.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. Do I understand this
bill as contemplating that the same contractors shall
perform the service as have performed it hitherto?
Mr. OLDS. No, sir. The contract will be
open for any bids for carrying the mails, by any
other route, at a sum not exceeding $250,000.
It has not the most distant thing in the world to
do with the existing contract for carrying the mail
between Panama and Chagres.
Mr. MACE. It has been out of the power of
the select committee on ocean mail service, up to
this time, to submit a report to the House. The
report, however, will be completed and submitted
next week. I, like the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Olds J can see no immediate connection between
the Collins line of steamers and the steamers en-
gaged in the Pacific mail service. But the point
involved, in my opinion, in the whole matter of
ocean mail service, is this: The contract with the
Collins line of steamers needs overhauling, and a
critical examination upon the part of members of
the House. In addition to that, the mail service
between the Atlantic and Pacific stands identically
in the same condition, though these routes are
disconnected with each other, so far as the con-
tracts are concerned. In my opinion, it will be
found, after a careful examination, that, if the
Congress of the United States have the legal au-
thority to interfere with the transportation of the
mails for a violation of contract, the same principle
will apply, and, perhaps, to a greater extent, to
the steamers engaged in the transportation of the
mails from the Atlantic to the Pacific. I remarked
upon a former occasion, that I will go as far as
the gentlemen from California to give them these
increased mail facilities; but 1 am not prepared,
at this time, to saddle this Government with an
additional expense of $250,000 per annum for a
weekly service.
1 do believe, after a full investigation of this
matter, and after the committee shall have sub-
mitted the report which they design making, that
the House will have it in its power to curtail greatly
the expenses of our ocean mail service, and afford
equal facilities that they now do between New
York and Liverpool; ana also, afford the facilities
which the gentleman asks for California.
With these remarks, I move the previous ques-
tion, as I promised to do.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put, being upon
the motion to reconsider.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for a count
of the House, that we may see whether we have
got a quorum.
Mr. OLDS. I ask for tellers. That is the best
way to ascertain the fact.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dean and
Cox were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 101, noes 24.
So the molion to reconsider prevailed.
The question then recurred upon ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. COBB. I now make a motion to recon-
sider the next stage in the bill, so that we can get
back to a point where we can amend it.
The SPEAKER. It is amendable now.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I now propose the amend-
ment which I offered before; and I call the previous
question upon its adoption.
Mr.*30NES, of Tennessee. I ask for tellers
upon the second.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Wheeler, were appointed.
The House was then divided upon the demand
for the previous question, and the tellers reported
92 in the affirmative, and 32 in the negative.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
| The question now being upon the amendment
, proposed by Mr. McDougall,
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis
Allen, Appleton, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Ranks, Barksdale,
Bell, Benson, Carutliers, Chastain, Churchwell, Cook,
Cos, Crocker, Curtis, Dawson, Dean, DeWitt, Dick, Dis-
ney, Dowdeli, Eastman,Thomas D. Eliot, English, Failey,
Fenton, Flagler, Gamble, Green, Greenwood, Sampson W.
Harris, Harrison, Hasting?, Haven, H*>nn, Hillyer, Howe,
Hughes, Hunt, Daniel T. Jones, J Giancy Jones, Roland
Jones, Knox, Kurtz, Latham, Lindsley, McDougall, Mc-
Nair, Mace, Macy, Matteson, Maxwell, Middleswarth,
Morgan, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Parker,
Peck, Peckham, Bishop Perkins, Pnngle, Puryear, Reese,
Riddle, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritehey, Kowe, Seward,
Skelton, Gernt Smith, Sanmel A. Snuih, William Smith,
William R. Smith, George W. Smyih, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Hestor I,.
Stevens, John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Thurston, Trout, Tweed, Upham, Vail, Walker,
Walley, Walsh, EHihu B. Washburn*, Israel Washburn,
Wells,Wheeler, Daniel B. Wright, Yates, andZolheofler—
100.
NAYS—Messrs. Belcher, Bocock, Bridges, Campbell,
Carpenter, Chamberlain, Cobb, Corwin, Craige, Cullom,
John G. Davis, Dickinson, Eddy, Ellison, Etlieridge, Flor-
ence, Giddings.Goode, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Hiester,HilI,
Houston, Johnson, George W. Jones, Keitt, Leiclier, Lilly,
Lindley, McCulloch, McMulhn, Mayall, John U, Miller,
Murray, Olds, Moidecai Oliver, Pennington, Phelps, Ready,
Rulii n, Russell, Sapp, Shannon, Singleton.Tracy, Vansant,
Wade, John Wentworih, Tappan Wentworth, and Witte—
50.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Pending the call of the yeas and nays,
,, Mr. McDOUGALL asked consent to make a
brief statement as to the effect of the amendment.
Mr. LILLY. I object.
Mr. READY. I hope the gentleman will not
object. Very few of us know what the amend-
ment is.
Mr. LILLY. I object, for the reason that the
gentleman from California himself called the pre-
vious question upon the bill without giving any
one else an opportunity of saying anything upon
it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I propose to make a sin-
gle statement in reference to the bill.
Mr. JONES. I ask whether debateis in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. PHELPS. Is it in order to move that the
rules of the House be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is aot; the main question
having been ordered to be now put.
The question was then put on ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time; and there
were—ayes 61, noes 63.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I demand tellers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the House will
let the bill pass to a third reading, I shall call for
the yeas and nays on its passage.
The SPEAKER. The House has refused to
do so, unless in division, by tellers, it otherwise
orders.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Witte and
Cox were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 82, noes 76.
Before the Speaker announced the result of the
vote,
Mr. COX said: I desire to correct the report
made by the tellers. "In our first count we re-
ported sixty-six as voting in the affirmative. Since
then six more voted in the affirmative, making
seventy-two; and seventy-six have voted m the
negative.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I then ask the
yeas and nays upon the engrossment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Have I a right to move
to recommit the bill?
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
not yet exhausted, and the motion indicated by
the gentleman from California would not be m
order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. OLDS. Is it in order to move that the
House resolve itself.into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union 1
The SPEAKER. No motion is in order, ex-
cept to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. BRIDGES. I move to lay the bill upon
the table; and upon that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Is it in order to move to
postpone the further consideration of this bill?
The SPEAKER. The motion can be made
only by unanimous consent.
Several Members objected.
The yeas and nays were ordered upon Mr.
Bridges's motion.
The questfen was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 71; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barksdale, Barry, Belcher, Boeock,
Bridges, Campbell, Carpenter,Chamberlain, Oobb,Corwm,
Cox, Craige, Crocker, Cullom, Curtis, Thomas Davis,
Dick, Dickinson, Dowdeli, Eastman, Thomas D. Eliot, El-
lison, English, Faulkner, Fenton, Flagler, Gamble, Gid-
