1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1561
dings, Goode, Goodrich, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Wiley P.
Harris, Harrison, Hiester, Hill, Houston, Johnson, George
W. Jones, Kent, Knox, Letcher,Lilly, Lindley, Lmdsley,
McCulloch, MeDougall, Mace, Middlesvvarth, Millson,
Morgan, Murray,Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Packer, Parker,
Pennington, Phelps, Pringle, Puryear, Keady, Thomas
Kitchcy, Euffln, Kussell, Satan, Sage, Sapp, Shaw, Sin-
gleton, Skelion, Gerru Smith, John J. Taylor, Nathaniel
G. Taylor, Tracy, Trout, Vail Vansant, Wade, Walley,
Walsh, Ellthn B. Washbume, Tappan Wentworth, Yates,
and Zolhcofler—84.
NAYri—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Alien, Appleton,
Ashe, David J. Bailey, Banks, Bell, Beuson, Chandler,
Chasiam, Ciirisman, Churchwell, Clark, Cook, John G.
Davis, Dawson, Dean, Disney, Eddy, Everhart, Ewing,
Farley, Florence, Green, Greenwood, Sampson W. Harris,
Hastings-, Hendncks, Henn, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Inger-
soll, Roland Jones, Kurtz, Latham, McNair, Maey, Mat-
teson, Mayall, Smith Miller. Nichols, Olds, Orr, Peck,
Peckham, Phillips, Preston, Reese, Richardson, Riddle.
Uavtd Ritchie, Bobbins, Rovve, Seward, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, RiehatdH. Stanton,
Alexander H. Stephens, Hestor L. Stevens, Straub, David
Stuart, John L. Taylor, Thurston, Tweed, Upham, Wal-
ker, Westbrook, Wheeler, and Daniel B. Wright—71.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to lay that motion
upon the table.
Mr. PECKHAM. I ask if the morning hour
has expired ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the rules of
the House be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. PECKHAM. If the morning hour has
expired, I move now that we proceed to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table, with the view of taking
up the resolution from the Senate fixing the day of
adjournment of the present session of Congress.
W e may as well dispose of it now as at any other
time- - ^
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. McDougall] has moved that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole ofi the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a point of
order. The motion to reconsider is a privileged
question, and takes precedence of every other
motion, except a motion to go into committee.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider is
a privileged motion*, the motion to lay on the
table is also a privileged motion; at the expiration
of the morning hour it is in order under the rules
to move to go to the business on the Speaker's
table. The motion, however, to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the XJmon is
in order at any time, and is to be first put to the
House. ,
The question was taken on Mr. McDotjgall s
motion; and on a division there were—ayes 66,
noes 90.
Mr. ORR. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. LETCHER. I suppose the question is
upon the motion to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table. .
The SPEAKER. That motion is pending, and
is the question next in order.
Mr. PECKHAM. Is not my motion next in
order?
The SPEAKER. The motipn to reconsider,
and the motion to lay that motion on the table,
take precedence of the motion to go to the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana, asked for tellers on
Mr. Letcher's motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Keitt and
Campbell were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellersreporteil
79 in the affirmative, and 48 in the negative.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. . ,
Mr. PECKHAM. I ask theChair if thatmo-
tion has not been just made and voted down?
The SPEAKER. It has; but business has
since intervened.
Mr, PECKHAM. Well, sir, I hope the mo-
tion will be voted down.
The question was put on Mr. Phelps s motion,
and, on a division, there were—ayes 78, noes / .
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the af-
firmative.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell
and Keitt appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes ninety-one, a further count not
being demanded.
So the motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asburv Dtceins, Esq., their Secretary, noti-
fying the House that the Senate had passed bills
of the following titles, in whichTie was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House:
An act (No. 403) creating a collection district
in the State of California;
An act (No. 418) creating a collection district in
Texas and New Mexico; and
An act (No. 305) to direct a reexamination of
the account between the United States and the
State of Maryland. (
That the Senate had agreed to the amendment of S
the House to the bill (S. No. 209) entitled "An act
for the relief of Ira Day, of Vermont;" and to the
bill (S No. 344) entitled "An act for the relief of
James Jeffries and Jeremiah M. Smith."
Also, that the Senate had rejected the bill (H.
R. No. 404) entitled " An act to change the day
for the annual assembling of Congress." ;
Also, informing the House that the Senate had j
passed the following bill and joint resolution: ;
H. R. No. 342. An act to aid the Territory of j
Minnesota in the construction of a railroad therein, j
H. R. No. iil. Joint resolution directing the;
connection of the public surveys in Alabama, with
the houndary line between the States of Alabama
and Florida.]
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bills; which thereupon received the signature of
the Speaker:
Act for the relief of Joseph Jeffries and Jere- -
miah M. Smith; and j
Act for the relief of Ira Day, of Vermont. j
The House then resolved itself into the Com- i
mittee of fhe Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Disney in the chair,) on
THE MEXICAN TREATY. I
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee last rose it had under consideration a bill
" to enable the President of the United States to
fulfill the third article of the treaty between the
United States and the Mexican Republic of the
30th December, 1853, as amended by the Senate
of the United States," and that the pending quea- |
tion was on the motion to strike out the enacting ,
ClaMr." JONES, of Tennessee. The general de- j
bate having been closed to-day at twelve o'clock,
m., by order of the House, 1 ask the unanimous j
consent of the House to withdraw the motion to
strike out the enacting clause.
There was no objection, and the motion was
withdrawn. . ,
The CHAIRMAN. The question then recurs
on the amendment of the gentleman from Ala-
^Mr! HOUSTON. My amendment was made
for the same purpose as the motion of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, and I now ask the unani-
mous consent to withdraw it.
There was no objection, and the amendment was
withdrawn. . ,
Mr. HOUSTON then obtained the floor, and
addressed the committee an hour. At the com-
mencement of his remarks, he caused to be read
the resolutions adopted by the House of Repre-
sentatives in 1796, after President Washington had
declined to furnish the House with the corres-
pondence connected with the Jay treaty, as em-
bodying his views on the rights and duties of the
House respecting appropriations for carrying out
treaties; they having the right to deliberate on the
expediency of the appropriation, and to determine
and act thereon as in their judgment may be most
conducive to the public good.
He said it was a fair deduction from the course
of several gentlemen who spoke of the necessity
of obtaining the correspondence, that they did not
desire the 'information they seem to call for, be-
cause they slept on their ngnts until the moment
when he said that he would call up the bill now
pending.
He justified the President for not sending in the
correspondence; and denied that the rights of the
House had been invaded because the President
did not consult the House before the recent treaty
was made. It was not the duty of the President
to do so, although the gentleman from Missouri
argued to the contrary.
He then proceeded to show that every Admin-
istration, from the days of Washington to the
present day, without a solitary exception, (except,
perhaps, in several cases of Indian treaties,) has
committed itself over and doubly over to the doc-
trine for which he (Mr. Houston) contended.
There is not one case to sustain the gentleman
from Missouri.
He denied that Mr. Jefferson ever consulted the
House on the subject of the Louisiana treaty,and
challenged Mr. Benton to produce proof to the
contrary. He referred to the course of the suc-
ceeding Administrations in support of his views.
His speech, withheld for revision, will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.
Mr. BENTON. Debate is terminated; but I
desire to propound a question to the gentleman
from Alabama.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is terminated on
the bill, under the order of the House, except as
it is provided for under the five-minute rule.
Gentlemen may propose amendments, and speak
five minutes in explanation of them.
Mr. BENTON. Without going through the
formality of a pro forma motion to amend, I sup-
pose that gentlemen will hardly refuse to-allow me
to say a word upon two points.
Several Members. Adhere to the rule.
Mr. BENTON. Then I move to reduce the
appropriation one dollar.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is better to settle that
point at the start.
Mr. PRESTON. 1 will makeapointof order,
at the request of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, at this stage of the proceed-
ings. I conceive that a motion to alterthe amount
appropriated by the bill for carrying out the treaty
is not in order, because that would be to exercise
the treaty-making power, in fact, by the House,
which is reposed by the Constitution in the Pres-
ident and the Senate. We must take the appro-
priation bill as it stands, exercising our discretion
to accept or to reject it as it stands, and making no
substantial amendment. I do not muke my point
of order for the purpose of precluding other amend-
ments.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inquire
if the gentleman from Kentucky rises to a point
of order in reference to the amendment submitted
by the gentleman from Missouri?
Mr. PRESTON. I do raise it with all respect
to-him. But he can make an informal amendment
to the bill. I desire the decision of the Chair now
upon that point.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will be com-
pelled to overrule the point of order presented by
the gentleman from Kentucky, and the Chair does
it. The Chair thinks that it is competent for this
House to vote any particular sum of money
which,in its discretion, it thinks fit to be applied
for any particular purpose for which it is asked;
either to refuse it entirely, or to give any amount,
consulting its own discretion. Whether it be or
be not inconsistent with functions devolved upon
the President and the Senate, is not for the House
to inquire.
Mr. PRESTON. I shall not take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair, though I do not
think it would be a bill for an appropriation at all.
My impression is, that it would nntbe in order to
vote any other sum than that which the treaty
contemplates.
Mr. BENTON. I move pro forma to reduce
the amount one dollar, and will consume my five
minutes. The Representative from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] falls heavily upon two gentlemen from
New York, [Messrs. Haven and Peckham,] for
having slept upon their rights; for not having
applied in time for these papeis; for not having
applied when the message came in; for not having
applied to the,committee to call for them.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 rise to a question- of order.
I understand the rule to be that when an amend-
ment is offered, thegentleman who offers itis com-
pelled to confine his remarks to the subject- matter
of theamendment. Thegentleman from Missouri
is not so doing, and consequently is out of ord«r.
