1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1568
XJsage, however, has given a wider latitude in too
many cases.
■ Mr. BENTON. Mr. Chairman, i believe that
that amendment opens the question as to the
papers. I therefore repeat what 1 think I did the
moment the President's message was delivered to
this House and referred. I think I went to the
member from Alabama, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and af>ked him if the
papers were sent down. I think he said not. 1
think, then, that 1 spoke to him several different
times about the committee getting these papers;
and the last time I insisted that the committee
ought to get them. That is $hat I think; and
that he thought very differently from me, and we
parted with different opinions upon that point.
This is what I believe in respect to it; and if 1 aijsi
right in my recollection, the two gentlemen from
New York are not subject to the censure which
has, perhaps, been thrown upon them, of delaying
to make application for these papers. I applied
to the committee, because I felt ihat it would be
hardly possible to get a resolution through the
House, and because 1 thought it was a case in
which you could not expect that no member of
this House would object.
This is what I think; and I shall not object to
the member from Alabama giving his recollection
upon the same point.
Now, Mr. Chairman, with respect to the cases
which I cited, in which there were laws of Con-
gress appropriating money before the treaties were
ratified, I limited myself to the instances in which
the negotiation had ripened into an acquisition. I
did not go into others at all. I took the three
cases of Louisiana, Florida, and California) m
each of which, before any treaty was made, a legis-
lative act was passed appropriating the money. 1
knew there had been many more than those
which the gentleman quoted. During Mr. Polk's
administration, Secretary Buchanan authorized
§100,000,000 to be offered for Cuba. 1 knew of
these incipient steps, and I might have used
broader language, but 1 was confining myself to
cases in which negotiation had ripened into acqui-
sition; the whole point was, that there was a
legislative sanction before there was an acquisi-
tion .
Now, sir, Mr. Jefferson did not send down a
message in writing; but, sir, nobody can make
me believe that his friends did not all talk about
it, and that Mr. Smith, of Maryland, and his
closest supporters and counselors—for Mr. Jeffer-
son had counselors in Congress—did not agree
upon the matter between them, and that they were
not supported by all the power of Mr. Jefferson's
friends in the House. The measure passed the
House, and it was sent to the Senate. That was
in 1803; and when the treaty came back, Mr.
Jefferson, in communicating it to the Congress of
the United States, used these remarkable words—
I quote from memory, though j[ presume 1 can
state the language correctly—"that the provis-
ional appropriation of' two millions, made the
preceding session, was considered as conveying
the sanction of the House to the proposed acquisi-
tion." Consequently it was done before the ac-
quisition.
So much for the act of 1803. Afterwards, I
know Mr. Jefferson—and if I did not mention it
in my speech, it was because 1 was in a hurry,
although the House had given its previous sanc-
tion to the acquisition by this two million appropri-
ation—m his message, did not demand the money
as a matter of right under this treaty, but sent it
in for the legislative consideration of the House,
with a full acknowledgment of their right to grant
it, or not to grant it, even after they had given
their sanction. If I did not mention this fact—
and the gentleman thinks I did not—it was upon
my mind to be used as an argument, and one of
the strongest arguments to show that Mr. Jeffer-
son sent it to the House for their legislative con-
sideration, leaving it to them to confirm or reject
it, although he had their previous sanction.
In 1800, exactly the same thing took place in
relation to the acquisition of Florida, and the same
process was gone through. A motion was made
m the House, and the sum was voted; and at-
tempts were made to acquire Florida. Spain was
willing to sell; but, irritated by the expeditions
continually gotten up in the United States to
invade her territory, she would not yield her con-
sent as soon as she otherwise would have done.
I will merely say that the California treaty went
through exactly the same process.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Mis-
souri has attempted to state personal matters
between him and myself, or 1 should not have
troubled the committee again on this subject.
Now, sir, while I reprobate in thestrongest terms
any attempt upon the part of any one to bring
into a public debate private conversations that are
not intended to be made public, I confess I feel
rather humiliated that a gentleman with the expe-
rience of the gentleman from Missouri should
bring before this committee a private conversation
which he alleges to have taken* place between
him and myself.
Mr. BENTON. I should not have done it if
the gentleman had not made charges against me.
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir,rt never should have
been done. Now, sir, so far as any conversation
between the gentleman from Missouri and myself
is concerned, before last Monday morning, 1 say
again that 1 have n-i recollection of it. And 1 will
say, further, that I never either promised or inti-
mated to that gentleman thatl would call for these
papers. I did no such thing.
Mr. BENTON. No; you told me expressly
that you would not call for them, and I so stated.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then why all this child's
play in bringing the matter before the committee?
Why disclose a private conversation to sustain it?
Why bring this matter before the committee, when
the gentleman says that 1 promptly told him that
I would not call for the papers?
Then, sir, the gentleman stands upon his rights.
Well, sir, why did he sleep upon his rights until
Monday morning, at which time I had given notice
that I would attempt to call up this bill ? If 1 told
him what he says I did, it was his province and
his right to demand the correspondence. He
makes no charge upon me, although he has seen
fit to bring in a private conversation.
Mr. BEINTON. No, I did not bring it in.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir, bring in a private
conversation; and yet there is not even a charge
made against me by him. Now, sir, I attempted
no censure upon the gentlemen from New York,
[Messrs. Haven and Peckham;] but yet the gen-
tleman from Missouri speaks of my censuring
them. Sir, I did no such thing; I attempted no
such thing; and if the language 1 mate use of
would imply anything of the sort, I did not so
intend it. I merely said, that as the gentlemen
slept over the matter for days, until it was too
late, and then complained that they could not get
the correspondence, I had a right to draw the
deduction that they did not want it for their own
information.
But the gentleman says that he confined him-
self to the cases of Louisiana, Florida, and Ciili-
fornia.^JUiave already shown, that in the former
case, ccflmlspondence forthe purchase was actually
commenced more than twelve months before the
§2,000,000 were appropriated. I say, further-
more, that in my poor comprehension, it is a very
lame get-out for the gentleman to say that the
friends of Mr. Jefferson asked for the appropria-
tion. The gentleman got up in the House the other
day, and, without qualification, alleged that Mr.
Jefferson did not make a move in the matter of the
tieaty referred to until after he had consulted the
House of Representatives, and had the money
placed at his disposal. He did so without any
message or anything else to bear him out. The 1
gentleman speaks of consultation. Yes, sir, con-
sultation. When the President wishes to commu- ■
nicate anything to either branch of Congress he
does so by message; and unless the gentleman can ;
show one, I say his argument goes for nothing. !
Mr.PECKHAM. I move to amend the amend-
ment so that the bill shall not take effect until two ,
days after the communication of the correspond-
ence.
Mr. SEWARD. I notify the gentleman that
I shall insist on his confining his remarks to
the amendment. Personal explanations are now
through with, I believe. j
Mr. PECKHAM. 1 do not know about that.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to say a few words in
answer to the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. SEWARD. I make the point of order
here. I insist that the gentleman must confine his
remarks to his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is bound to
presume that the gentleman will conform to the
rule. As yet, he has said nothing to indicate to
the Chair that he will not do so.
Mr. SEWARD. He announces that he is
going to reply to the gentleman from Alabama.
The CHAIRMAN. The announcement of an
intention is not a violation of the rule.
Mr. PECKHAM. The gentleman from Ala-
bama has chosen to tell the committee that the
application for these papers should have come on
Thursday, or some subsequent day of last week,
and that the delay until last Monday showed
that the desire to obtain them was not really sin-
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must arrest
the gentleman in his present course of remark.
The rule is express that remarks must be in ex-
planation of, or opposition to, the amendment
pending.
Mr. PECKHAM. I wish to show, sir, the
propriety of having these papers; and then, that
they should be here for so long a time, before the
appropriation can be used or passed.
The CHAIRMAN. That is legitimate, and
the gentleman will proceed.
Mr. PECKHAM. The gentleman took that
position. He has now told the committee and the
country that we could have as well applied for
these papers any day after last Wednesday as we
could on Monday last; that it would have been
as regular. That the committee know is not cor-
rect. Monday is resolution day; and if objection
to the introduction of a resolution be made on that
day, a motion can be made to suspend the rules;
and if two thirds agree to it, the resolution may
be introduced; whereas, on any other day than
on Monday, a single objection defeats the resolu-
tion. On Monday last the gentleman from Ala-
bama deprived me of the opportunity of moving
to suspend the rules, by previously moving to go
into committee, and refusing to withdraw his mo-
tion, which had a preference.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. PECKHAM. Has the gentleman from
Georgia risen again to a point of order? I hope
that he will not make it on me.
Mr. SEWARD. I will withdraw it.
Mr. LETCHER. I renew it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will rule that
the gentleman must confine himself to the amend-
ment he has offered.
Mr. PECKHAM. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] told us that he was really
willing to have the papers laid before the House,
if we had only applied within a reasonable time.
Pray, sir, whst would have beena reasonabletime
in the gentleman's view? Would last Thursday
or last Friday—three days before we applied ?
Would sixty or forty-eighthours before have been
a reasonable time? How accurate and close the
gentleman is in his time of reason—or reasonable
time. Monday, the very first regular moment,
was just too late; and, sir, Thursday or Friday
would have been justtoo early. The time would
have been irregular and out of time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must again in-
terrupt the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Peckham.]
[Cries of " Go on !" " Go on '."]
Mr. LETCHER. I object to the gentleman
from New York going on. Let us have the rules
enforced.
The CHAIRMAN. Any remarks of the gen-
tleman from New York as to the propriety of fur-
nishing the papers within two days would be
legitimate, but outside of that they would not be
m order.
Mr. PECKHAM. I leave this point, sir. If
one half of the time spent by the gentleman from
Alabama and his friends in efforts to avoid and
evade the presentation of the papers connected
with this treaty, and in giving excuses for object-
ing, had been appropriated to furnishing them,
we would have had them in time, and this com-
mittee and the country would have had the benefit
of them. The gentleman from Alabama makes
the pretense now that he was very willing to favor
the production of these papers, if the application
had only come in time. Has not the course pur-
sued by the gentleman warranted me in saying
that his purpose was fixed never to trust those
papers to this House?
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the Chair to enforce
its decisions. The Chair has decided three or
four times that the gentleman from New York
