
POWHATTAN STATION, May 13, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

We have just arrived at Powhattan, 5 p. m. Powhattan depot is burned and some of the track taken up. Repairs of track can be made in half a day when we can begin. Yankee pickets at present are half a mile beyond this point. There has been firing for an hour or two at the bridge, 5 miles from here, but it has ceased; result not known.

Track is taken up at a point between here and Coalfield, but can be repaired in an hour. Will try and go beyond this point to-night and telegraph you further. Confederate cavalry has not come up yet. I understand they took the Snipsville road, which passes railroad at this station.

C. G. TALCOTT.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 126. May 14, 1864.

* * * * * * *

II. The Stonewall Brigade, J. M. Jones' brigade, and the Tenth, Twenty-third, and Thirty-seventh Virginia Regiments, Steuart's, Johnson's division, will be temporarily united to form one brigade, under the command of the senior officer present, and until further orders will be attached to Early's division.

III. Hays' brigade and Stafford's brigade, of Johnson's division, temporarily united for service by previous orders, will for the present be attached to Early's division.*

IV. The corps commander will dispose of the field, staff, and other officers of these several commands to the greatest advantage to the service.

V. Until further orders, the three divisions of cavalry serving with this army will constitute separate commands and will report directly to and receive orders from these headquarters of the army. VI. The officers of the Adjutant and Inspector General's Department now on duty at the headquarters of the cavalry are temporarily assigned, and will report for duty as follows: Major McClellan, with the headquarters of the army; Major Freanor, with Major General Fitz. Lee, and Major Venable, with Major General W. H. F. Lee. The other officers of the general staff will report to the chiefs of their respective departments at army headquarters, and will be used for service with the cavalry. These officers will be employed by the chiefs of departments to the best advantage in providing for the wants and enhancing the efficiency of the entire cavalry of the army.

VII. The chief of artillery will assign the batteries of horse artillery, and the field officers on duty with the same, to service with the three divisions of cavalry in such manner as will most subserve the interests of the service.

By command of General R. E. Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See Special Orders, Numbers 123, May 8, 1864, p. 974.

---------------

