
toward Chula, to protect that bridge. If men are wanted, there are about 75 of the railroad hands under arms at the company shop, Manchester, and they might do good service.

J. L. MORROW,

Supt. Telegraph, Richmond and Danville Railroad.

DREWRY'S BLUFF, May 15, 1864.

General BRAGG:

Slight firing last night. All quiet this morning. Whiting cannot be here until Tuesday afternoon. Attack will commence Wednesday morning. Gun-boats must participate. Send General Ransom to confer with me as soon as practicable.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

[First indorsement.]

Received Richmond 8 a. m., and respectfully submitted to His Excellency the President.

JNO. B. SALE,

Colonel and Military Secretary.

[Second indorsement.]

MAY 15, 1864 - 10 a. m.

Respectfully submitted to the President.

May I be pardoned for saying that this proposed delay seems to me fatal. By Wednesday our fate will in all probability be settled, and, besides, it is almost certain that by that time the enemy will have the aid, either on his side of the river or by co-operative attack on this, of 10,000 or 12,000 more cavalry. I cannot conceive why General Whiting could not have moved yesterday or may not today. My judgment is that the attack has been already too long delayed, and should now be made at the earliest practicable moment, and I take the responsibility of recommending that you give positive orders to that effect.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Third indorsement.]

MAY 15, 1864.

I concur in the necessity for a prompt attack for the reasons given and others not less important. General Whiting can, I hope, reach here to-night so as to take part in the attack to-morrow. Inform General Beauregard of the probability of the return of Sheridan's cavalry.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

SPECIAL ORDERS,HDQRS. DEPT. N. CAROLINA AND S. VA., Numbers 7. Drewry's Bluff, May 15, 1864.

1. The following temporary organization of divisions for attack is hereby announced:

Major-General Hoke's division: Corse's brigade, Johnson's brigade, Clingman's brigade, Hagood's brigade.

Major-General Ransom's division: Barton's brigade, Gracie's brigade, Kemper's brigade, Hoke's brigade.

