HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 16, 1864.

Lieutenant-General EWELL:

The latest reports from Smith's Mill (Telegraph road) represent that the force which advanced to that point was only cavalry and about two regiments. Everything appears perfectly quiet in this direction (Early's and Anderson's front). I hope you will keep your pickets on the alert to-night, and it would be well for you to send a scout out on your left in order to discover any movement of the enemy that may be made that way. I feel no apprehension for your front if the men do their duty. McGowan's brigade is in reserve on Early's left and Kershaw's division is in reserve on the extreme right.

Most respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 113. Richmond, May 16, 1864.

I. Brigadier General James L. Kemper will take immediate command of the reserve forces of the State of Virginia. He will complete their organization and place them at once in service. To this end he is authorized to employ all enrolling officers, who are hereby directed to obey his instructions. He will establish his headquarters at such point as he may deem best. Officers of the Quartermaster's, Commissary, Ordnance, and Medical Departments are required to furnish all necessary facilities. All officers from the State of Virginia of the Invalid Corps and such of the regular forces as are for any reason unassigned will immediately report to General Kemper, who is authorized to assign them temporarily to duty with the reserves.

* * * * * * *

VI. Major General Samuel Jones, commanding, &amp; c., will send to this city with the greatest possible expedition a good brigade of infantry from Florida, taking those troops that are most accessible.

VII. Captain R. C. Macmurdo, assistant quartermaster, in addition to his other duties, is assigned to duty with the troops for local defense, commanded by Brigadier General G. W. C. Lee, and will report accordingly.

* * * * * * *

XIV. The Seventeenth and Thirtieth Virginia Regiments will immediately proceed by the Petersburg railroad to rejoin their brigade, under General Hoke, near Drewry's Bluff.

* * * * * * *

XVIII. The Twelfth and Eighteenth Georgia Battalions, the Forty-seventh, Fifty-fifth, and Fifty-sixth Georgia Regiments, the Twenty-sixth Alabama Regiment (Colonel O'Neal), and the Tenth and Nineteenth South Carolina Regiment, will proceed immediately by railroad to this city with the greatest possible expedition. If the Twentieth South Carolina Regiment (Colonel Keitt) has not moved to Dalton it will also be sent.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

