
VI. The following-named officers will report to Major General Robert Ransom, jr., for assignment to duty on his staff: Majors T. O. Chestney, Thomas Rowland, T. P. Branch, Captain J. T. Brown, assistant adjutants-general.

* * * * * * *

VIII. The following-named officers will report to Brigadier General James L. Kemper, commanding reserve forces of Virginia, for assignment to temporary duty: Brigadier General F. T. Nicholls, Provisional Army, C. S.; Colonel M. S. Langhorne, Eleventh Virginia Volunteers; Colonel E. G. Lee, Provisional Army, C. S.; Colonel P. P. Slaughter, Fifty-sixth Virginia Volunteers; Captain Richard Laidley, Twenty-second Virginia Volunteers; Captain W. T. Fry, assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant W. H. Crank, Provisional Army, C. S.

IX. As soon as it is ascertained with certainty that the enemy has retired within his intrenchments on the south side of James River, Major General Robert Ransom, jr., will return to his command in Richmond.

* * * * * * *

XVIII. The provisions of paragraph X, Special Orders, Numbers 44, current series, to wit, "The issues of forage to the private animals of officers stationed at posts in Virginia and North Carolina are hereby restricted to such animals entitled to forage as the commandants of those posts shall certify to be absolutely necessary to the discharge of the official duties of these officers, in no case allowing more than 1 horse to such officer. Mill offal shall be used at these posts when it can be procured, and in the absence of this the grain ration shall not exceed six pounds of corn or its equivalent in shelled oats. Whenever practicable the corn ration shall be converted into meal and fed with cut long forage as chopped food. The ration of long forage shall not exceed nine pounds of hay or its equivalent in straw, which is to be used in preference as long as the same can be procured in sufficient quantities," are extended so as to embrace all posts east of the Mississippi River.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Drewry's Bluff, May 17, 1864.

General BRAGG:

It is now 7 a. m. The enemy has been reported by General Hoke and by deserters to have fallen back on their intrenchments in front of Bermuda Hundred Neck. Our general advance has commenced. My first headquarters will be at Winfree's house.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. C. AND S. VA., May 17, 1864.

No.--.

* * * * * * *

II. In accordance with orders of the War Department, Major-General Ransom is relieved from duty in this command. He will proceed to Richmond and resume command of his department. The

