
commanding general takes occasion to express his cordial appreciation of General Ransom's brilliant conduct in the battle of yesterday, and his great regret in relinquishing his valued services at this moment.

By command of General Beauregard:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,

Friend's House, May 17, 1864.

I. In obedience to the within order I hereby assume command of Ransom's division. The following staff officers are hereby announced:

Captain W. T. Blakemore, aide-de-camp; Captain R. E. Foote, aide-de-camp; Major George O. Watts, assistant inspector-general.

B. R. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers --. Hancock's House, May 17, 1864.

The brigade of Brigadier-General Johnson is assigned to Ransom's division, and Kemper's brigade to Hoke's division. The exchange will be made at the earliest practicable moment. Mean time Brigadier General B. R. Johnson will forthwith assume command of Ransom's division.

By order of General Beauregard:

SAML. W. MELTON,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BURKEVILLE, May 17, 1864 - 4 p. m.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

Major Trenholm's squadron of about 190 men, which has been detained by order of General McLaws following up the movements of the raiders under General Kautz, will assemble at Blacks and Whites on the South Side Railroad to-night, and will proceed by rapid marches to Richmond, going by way Bevill's Bridge on Appomattox. I can learn nothing of Rutledge's Fourth South Carolina, nor any other cavalry en route between here and Danville. What disposition shall I make of the troops here since the enemy have left this vicinity?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. D. WYLIE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., May 17, 1864.

General MCLAWS,

Burkeville Junction:

Intelligence last received shows the raiding party to have passed toward Lawrenceville, and afterward proceeded to attack some forces of ours at Belfield. They do not seem to be aiming at the

