
Staunton bridge. Any cavalry that may have been detained and others coming on, should be sent forward to this city, not, however, by rail, as that would intercept supplies. A permanent guard for the Staunton bridge should, if possible, be provided of reserves and any veteran troops you can spare.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

WILMINGTON, May 17, 1864.

Major-General JONES,

Charleston, S. C.:

I command here and have orders not to send stores north, at present. Want of storing room here makes me suggest that stores be stopped south.

LOUIS HEBERT,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 1. - JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-eighth Regiments of North Carolina troops.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do resolve, That the thanks of Congress are eminently due, and are hereby tendered, to the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-eighth Regiments of North Carolina troops, for the promptness and unanimity with which they have re-enlisted for the war.

Approved May 17, 1864.

Numbers 2. - JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to the Texas Brigade in the Army of Northern Virginia.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do resolve, That the thanks of Congress are due, and are hereby tendered, to the Texas brigade, composed of the First, Fourth, and Fifth Texas and Third Arkansas Regiments, for their eminently patriotic conduct in re-enlisting for the war.

Approved May 17, 1864.

SPOTSYLVANIA COURT-HOUSE, May 18, 1864 - 7 p. m.

(Via Milford. Received 9.30 p. m. 19th.)

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

The enemy opened his batteries at sunrise on a portion of Ewell's lines, attempted an assault, but failed. He was easily repulsed. Subsequently he cannonaded a portion of Hill's lines under Early. Casualties on our side very few.

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS,May 18, 1864 - 9 p. m.

Brigadier General E. P. ALEXANDER,

Chief of Arty., First Corps, Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: An attack is expected in the morning. The enemy will probably open fiercely with artillery very early on the front be

