HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,Richmond, May 18, 1864.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: Please cause the following orders to be issued, viz:

1. The Third North Carolina Regiment Cavalry, Colonel Baker, belonging to Gordon's brigade, Army of Northern Virginia, now on duty with General Beauregard, to report immediately to Major-General Fitz. Lee, north of Richmond.

2. Lieutenant-Colonel Elliott's Virginia Battalion, local service troops, to be detached from Hunton's brigade, and remain in the defenses around Richmond.

Your obedient servant,

JNO. B. SALE,

Colonel and Military Secretary.

For BRAGG,

General.

MAY 18, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Richmond:

Your order regarding one brigade to be thrown over the river has been obeyed.

R. F. HOKE,

Major-General.

HANCOCK'S HOUSE,

Chesterfield County, Va., [May] 18, 1864.

General BRAGG, Commanding Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Your communication of this date has just been received. The cavalry ordered to Virginia from the Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, Special Orders, Numbers 29, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series, was turned over to Major-General Hampton, who was charged by the War Department with the movement. They are now en route, in accordance, I presume, with the order of movement prescribed by General Hampton. The two companies of the Fifth South Carolina Cavalry reached here with General Whiting's division. They are under Lieutenant-Colonel Jeffords, and will be sent to rejoin the regiment across the James River at the earliest practicable moment.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

[Memorandum.]
HDQRS. DEPT. N. CAROLINA AND SOUTHERN VA.,Hancock's House, 2 1/2 miles North of

Walthall Junction, Va., May 18, 1864 - 9 p. m.

The crisis demands prompt and decisive action. The two armies are now too far apart to secure success, unless we consent to give up Petersburg, and thus place the capital in jeopardy. If General Lee will fall back behind the Chickahominy, engaging the enemy so as to draw him on, General Beauregard can bring up 15,000 men to unite with Breckinridge and fall upon the enemy's flank with over 20,000 effectives, thus rendering Grant's defeat certain and decisive,

