
HANCOCK'S HOUSE,

Turnpike, 2 1/2 miles north of Walthall Junction, Va.,

May 19, 1864.

Major General W. H. C. WHITING,

Commanding, &amp; c., Petersburg, Va.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your letter of the 18th instant has been received, inclosing an article of the Petersburg Daily Register of same date reflecting severely on your conduct in connection with the battle of Drewry's Bluff. I have only time to answer you in a few words. I regret sincerely, as your friend, that the Register should have published the article referred to, which, I regret still more to say, seems to contain the opinion of your brother officers in your failure to co-operate with me on Monday last. I shall not be able to express the opinion you desire until after having read your official report, and those of your subordinate commanders, which, I hope, may yet clear your military reputation of the cloud which rests at present upon it.

Yours, sincerely,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS,Petersburg, May 19, 1864.

General BEAUREGARD,

Hancock's House:

GENERAL: Your order, detaching General Walker and four regiments, has been received and issued. I was on the point of reporting all in readiness for Colston's expedition to-night; but this, of course, puts an end to it for the present, as we have now but the Sixty-Fourth Georgia, on Swift Creek, and the militia, with Colonel Tate (Sixth North Carolina), in town. I have directed General Dearing to scout all the approaches, including those to Level Ford, until further orders.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Petersburg, May 19, 1864.

General DEARING,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: By reason of an order of the general commanding, detaching General Walker, the proposed expedition will not take place. In view of our exposed position now without him, I wish you to scout all the dangerous approaches to the city, including that to Level Ford, and enjoin your men not only to scout, but to prepare to fight, in case of enemy's approach. Report to me at once should you receive orders from higher authority not coming through this office.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

