
were almost impenetrable roads, high fences, ditches, both deep and wide, with a belt of soft marsh in front of the railroad embankment. These difficulties were all well surmounted and the railroad, though swept by a direct and enfilading fire of artillery and infantry, successfully carried, a large portion of the track torn up, and the ties, with a saw-mill and a large quantity of sawed lumber, burned. The position was held until the troops were ordered by General Brooks to retire, which they did very deliberately, carrying off their dead and wounded. The casualties in this engagement amounted to 196, including several officers.

May 12.-Skirmishing with the enemy.

May 13.-At daylight occupied his first line of works near Drewry's Bluff.

May 14.-Heavy skirmishing with artillery fire during the entire day.

May 15.-The enemy attacked the brigade's right flank and were handsomely repulsed, after which, both flanks becoming exposed through the withdrawal of troops, he attacked in force both right and left, showing on each flank three battle-flags. The left suddenly gave way, but was immediately rallied and returned to its former position, temporarily repulsing the enemy, recapturing many prisoners, and taking a number in return, when orders came to retire, which were successfully carried out under a heavy fire, bringing off most of their dead and wounded. Casualties, 217, including many valuable officers.

May 16 to 27, inclusive, constantly engaged at the front, erecting breast-works and acting as reserve.

May 28.-Left Bermuda Hundred, crossing the Appomattox River on pontoons same night, and marched to City Point.

May 29.-Left City Point per steamer in the afternoon and arrived at Forth Monroe on the morning of the 30th; from thence proceeded to the White House, Va., on the Pamunkey River.

May 31.-Disem barked and at once received marching orders, its designation being changed from Second Brigade, Second Division, Tenth Army Corps, to First Brigade, Third Division, Eighteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 39. Report of Lieutenant John H. George, Fourth New Jersey Battery, of operations May 10.

BERMUDA, VA., May 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in accordance to your orders, issued and delivered to me at 2 a. m. May 10, I proceeded with my section to report as directed to Major Butler for duty on outpost. Having found the officer designated at a point near the outer entrenchments covering our front, I awaited his orders.

Under his directions I marched my command to a point upon the Petersburg and Richmond turnpike, accompanied by two companies of the One hundred and sixty-ninth Regiment New York Volunteers,

