
Numbers 41. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry Boynton, Eighth Maine Infantry, of operations May 9-10.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH MAINE VOLUNTEERS, In the Field, May 11, 1864.

I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders, this regiment marched from bivouac at Gill's farm at 4.30 o'clock on Monday morning. May 9. On reaching the Richmond and Petersburg railroad, 3 miles distant, three companies were sent to the right, and did very effective service in tearing up the track and destroying the rails. The other seven companies were then formed by the side of the track, and turned it directly over; then, moving the length of the battalion to the right, turned over another long section of rail track, and sent it sliding down a steep embankment. It was a grand sight, the long line of track turning over like a huge farrow. After proceeding down the track about 2 miles, we turned off on the Richmond turnpike toward Petersburg, and reached Arrowfield just as the heaviest firing commenced, and formed line of battle under a heavy fire. The enemy fired high, their shot and shell mostly flying high over us, and wounding only 1 man, Privat W. E. Sherwin, Company F. After the battle was over we slept in line of battle on the field in an advanced position. The next day we were ordered to make a forced march to aid General Terry, who was engaging the enemy several miles distant, on the right of the Tenth Army Corps. We advanced there shortly before the enemy finally retreated, and formed in support of Battery D, First U. S. Artillery, whose six guns were in position in an open field. This battle having closed by the defeat of the enemy, we returned to Gill's farm. The regiment suffered much from the extreme heat on both days. Both officers and men exhibited hardy endurance, and behaved in the most admirable, manly, and soldier-like manner. Everything was done in good order.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,HENRY BOYNTON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Eighth Regiment, Maine Volunteers.

Lieutenant GEORGE W. HUNCKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 42. Reports of Colonel Jeremiah C. Drake, One hundred and twelfth New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations May 6-16.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 10TH ARMY CORPS, Near Bermuda Hundred, May 20, 1864.

COLONEL: Pursuant to directions from department headquarters, received through intermediate headquarters, I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by my command while on expeditions under command of Major General W. F. Smith, commanding Eighteenth Army Corps, which embrace the operations of the 6th instant:

On the 6th instant, in the affair under Brigadier-General Brooks, my brigade by order followed that of Colonel Plaisted. When we

