
right and report to General Heckman, as I understood him to occupy the right with his brigade; or, if he failed to find him, to report to any officer whom he might find commanding on the right. Suspecting from the sound of battle that the only other regiment that I had with me, Ninth Maine Volunteers, would soon be wanted, I ordered it to be in instant readiness. In about five minutes I was ordered to send that also to the right, and went with it myself, with my staff, hoping to make connection with the one first sent. Accordingly, under guidance of a staff officer, I conducted the Ninth Maine Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Z. H. Robinson commanding, to the right, going up the pike a short distance and turning to the right on a cross-road leading to the road parallel to the pike, and between it and the river. On reaching this road, I found that the enemy had crushed everything before them to a point near General Heckman's headquarters; that he was missing, and no organized forces of his were to be found in the vicinity. Lieutenant-Colonel Carpenter, while leading his regiment up this road toward the front, and when near General Heckman's headquarters, had been dangerously wounded, and the adjutant of his regiment, Lieutenant S. P. Hedges, had been captured by the enemy. Captain William H. Chaddock, upon whom the command of the regiment had devolved, had promptly formed his regiment in line of battle across the road, and thrown out skirmishers, who effectually resisted the farther advance of the enemy. Under direction of Brigadier-General Weitzel, who soon appeared upon the ground, I posted my little brigade so as to cover and defend and hold this road, which was of vital importance to us. During the remainder of the day my brigade formed the right of the line. I threw out and maintained a strong line of skirmishers, which was hotly engaged with the advance of the enemy during most of the day, and suffered some loss, but effectually resisted the enemy's advance. About 2 p. m., in conjunction with the whole line, I advanced my brigade, and my skirmishers drove the enemy over the whole ground of the battle and into the rifle-pits occupied by Heckman's brigade in the morning. All the officers and men of my command behaved with commendable coolness and bravery during the whole day with-out any exceptions that have come to my knowledge. Inclosed is a list of the casualties suffered in the affair.*

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. DRAKE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel NICOLAS BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighteenth Army Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 10TH ARMY CORPS, May 11, 1864-5.40 p. m.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that the whole of this brigade was industriously employed on the defenses of this position during the 9th and the night of the 9th instant. At 3 a. m. on the morning of the 10th I sent to the front to report to Colonel Voris, per order of Major-General Gillmore, two regiments, viz, the Thirteenth Indiana Volunteers, Colonel C. J. Dobbs commanding, and the

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 enlisted men killed, 2 officers and 17 enlisted men wounded, and 1 officer and 1 enlisted man missing.

---------------

