
One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, Colonel John McConihe commanding. These regiments were engaged at the front on the 10th instant almost immediately after their arrival and suffered severely, behaving with great gallantry.

The casualties were as follows:

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.

13th Indiana	 6	 a67	 29

Volunteers

169th New York	 9	 34	 13

Volunteers

Total	 15	 101 	 42

aPresent, 41; missing, 26.

Fuller reports will be sent from each regiment as soon as possible. I am, very respectfully,

J. C. DRAKE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant CHARLES A. CARLETON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 43. Report of Colonel Cyrus J. Dobbs, thirteenth Indiana Infantry, of operations May 10.

HDQRS. THIRTEENTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLS., Camp in the Field, May 11, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with instructions, I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 10th instant I proceeded with my command to a point about 1 mile beyond the Richmond and Petersburg turnpike and took up my position, throwing forward skirmishers, resting my left on the Richmond and Petersburg Railroad, 1 1\2 miles below Chester Station, the right connecting with the One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, Colonel McConihe, who had been placed on the extreme right. One section of the First Connecticut Battery and four companies of the Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers having reported to me, I placed the artillery in position, supported by the detachment to me, I placed the artillery in position, supported by the detachment of the Sixty-seventh Ohio. Immediately after the disposition of this small force, comprising the command, the enemy was in force, I ordered the artillery to open fire and sent to the rear for re-enforecements. The enemy formed promptly and advanced in fine style. I threw forward all my reserve but one company on the advanced line. We allowed the enemy to advance within easy range, when a volley from our entire front threw them in confusion and finally in hasty retreat. They promptly re-enforced their lines, renewed the attack, with the same result. By this time I was re-enforced by the Sixth Connecticut Volunteers, Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers and four pieces of Captain Rockwell's battery. I ordered the Sixth Connecticut Volunteers to the right of the road the Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers to the left, as supports to the advanced line, and etched Major J. C. Burnton with five companies of the Thirteenth Indiana Volunteers to the extreme right of the One hundred and sixty-ninth New York

