
Volunteers. The enemy now reappeared from the woods beyond in largely increased force, displaying five stand of colors in our front and two on our right, advancing in splendid our. Again they were allowed to advance within easy range, when a murderous fire opened from both sides, with both musketry and artillery. This contest was final and desperate. The enemy broke and rallied, but was finally compelled to take cover in the woods. The detachment under Major Burnton, of the Thirteenth Indiana, advanced under a severe fire and charged the enemy in a hand-to-hand conflict, recapturing two pieces of artillery, but being unsupported on the right, and flanked, were compelled to retire to another position. Captain Rockwell's battery did excellent execution in this assault. The enemy was now evidently making preparations for a final assault. Our troops were in excellent spirits, feeling strong in their superiority over their enemy. At about noon the last advance was made by the enemy, but was soon driven back with heavy loss, and retired from view. The line on the left occupied by the Thirteenth Indiana and Sixty-seventh Ohio was maintained during the whole affair.

The officers under my command without an exception behaved in such a gallant manner that it would be doing injustice to name one and not all. I regret to report that out of 400 of the Thirteenth Indiana the loss was 102. Inclosed please find a list* of casualties sustained by the Thirteenth Indiana Volunteers. I would also state that the number of prisoners taken from the enemy on the 10th instant by the Thirteenth Indiana Volunteers is 37.

C. J. DOBBS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant PIERCE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 44. Report of Captain William H. Chaddock, One hundred and twelfth New York Infantry, of operations May 4-16.

HDQRS. 112TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, In the Field, May 17, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the One hundred and twelfth Regiment New York Volunteers, left Gloucester Point, Va., May 4, 1864, and embarked on board the transport Thomas Powell and landed at Bermuda Hundred on the night of the 5th of May, and bivouacked for the night. Next morning, in conjunction with the troops of the Tenth Corps, marched to a point distant from the Petersburg and Richmond Railroad about 2 miles, and threw up entrenchments.

On the morning of the 7th of May received orders to march, and approached the Petersburg railroad, encountering the enemy about 1 mile from camp and drove them to the railroad, where they had a battery in position, fully supported by infantry, with skirmishers thrown to the front. Here a lively engagement followed artillery and skirmishers. No casualties occurred at this front. At sunset we returned to our defense. On the 12th of May we again approached the railroad, and succeeded in gaining the track without

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 14.

---------------

