
attack upon Smith's line and forced it back in some confusion and with considerable loss." I beg leave to respectfully say that so far as this division is concerned-there being present, however, only one and one-half brigades, Burnham's and part of Sanders'-it was not forced back, in confusion or otherwise, one inch. Sanders' two regiments were brought from my left to strengthen my right, resting on the turnpike, while Burnham held one side of the enemy's entrenchments until orders were given to withdraw. In this position he resisted several vigorous charges of the enemy and captured some --hundred of them, caught and tripped by telegraph wire stretched in our front. The withdrawing of the Eighth Connecticut by Lieutenant-Colonel Smith from my right, on the plea of being turned, was unjustifiable and is no exception to the statement above made.

Very respectfully,

W. T. H. BROOKS,

Brigadier-General.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, 18TH ARMY CORPS.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, May 25, 1864.

SIR: On the 9th instant I proceeded with two brigades of this division-Marston's and Burnham's-to cover the movement of General Weitzel's division, which was to strike the railroad at the point struck by my command on the 7th instant.

There being no enemy to oppose the movement, as so as General Weitzel crossed the railroad my command advanced to it, and then marched along it in the direction of Petersburg. About a mile beyond Walthall Junction a country road crosses the railroad, running obliquely toward the turnpike. Marston's brigade took this road and proceeded to form a connection with General Weitzel's division on the turnpike. Marston's brigade took this road and proceeded to form a connection with General Weitzel's division on the turnpike. Burnham's brigade continued to follow the railroad, and as soon as the country would admit was deployed to the left, with its right resting on the road. The country between the railroad and turnpike was almost impassable by reason of the dense undergrowth. General Marston was ordered by me to connect his left with Burnham's right on the railroad. Without my knowing, he had been ordered by General Smith to maintain a connection with General Weitzel on the right. In moving over to the left, one of his regiments, Ninety-eight New York, Colonel Wead, became engaged for a few moments with the enemy that had crossed the pike and drove him back. The order of General Smith was afterward carried out, and General Marston's right connected with General Weitzel. One regiment of Burnham's brigade was thrown to the right of the railroad, connecting with the First Brigade. These positions were maintained throughout the night, and while we were in front of Swift Creek. During the night the enemy appeared three times in some force in front of General Burnham's pickets, driving them back until the Tenth New Hampshire, Lieutenant-Colonel Coughlin, moved forward to their support and soon dispersed the enemy. An ineffectual effort was made by Lieutenant Hunt to destroy with his battery the railroad bridge across Swift Creek.

