
The casualties of this expedition were few, as the command was only opposed by a skirmish line of the enemy and the fire of sharpshooters.

The Third Brigade, of this division, was put under the orders of General Martindale, and operated almost independently on our extreme left. No report has been received from the brigade of its operations.

I respectfully inclose Brigadier-General Marston's report* of the operations of his brigade, Brigadier-General Burnham's+ was forwarded with a former report.

Very respectfully,

W. T. H. BROOKS,

Brigadier-General.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, 18TH ARMY CORPS.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, May 25, 1864.

SIR: On the 12th instant this division left camp, following General Weitzel's until he became engaged with the enemy on the turnpike, when I took position on Weitzel's left, my right resting on the turnpike. In this position an advance was made in which a line of the enemy's skirmishers was driven before us. As I was ordered to maintain a connection with the troops on my right this advance was not over half a mile when the troops went into bivouac. From this point General Marston was detached with his brigade and ordered to join General Gillmore's corps. Nothing was seen nor heard of the brigade by me during the rest of the operations. I understand that General marston took three regiments with him and that the Ninety-eighth New York, Colonel Wead, was under General Weitzel's orders. This left me with only a brigade and a half, two regiments of Colonel Sanders' brigade having been left as a camp guard.

On the morning of the 13th, by a slight reconnaissance, it was discovered the enemy had withdrawn from his position near the Half-Way House and retired to his entrenchments, running from the turnpike to our left in front of a belt of lumber, supposed to border on Kingsland Creek, leaving a heavy picket in front of his line, and occupying with sharpshooters the brick house known as Friend's. Our picket-line was pushed up to close proximity and in a portion to have quite a number of casualties. On the morning of the 14th the enemy evacuated this line of entrenchments. We took possession of the works, cutting down the exterior slope in such a way as to have a slight banquette on which a thin line could stand, protected by the original parapet. This position was maintained during the night of the 14th and 15th by Burnham's brigade, while Sanders was advanced to the edge of the woods beyond the entrenchments, advanced to the edge of the woods beyond the entrenchments, and took position to Burnham's left, where he remained until the morning of the 16th. The picket-line in our front was almost constantly engaged in skirmishing with the enemy. On the 14th Hunt's and Easterly's batteries were put in position in rear of Burnham's line, and directed to open on the enemy's large high work to our front

---------------

*Not found.

+See p. 132.

---------------

