
and right, which was done, but without any particular effect. On the morning of the 16th, after the attack on our right, the enemy made his appearance in front of General Burnham's line, and made several vigorous attacks, which were handsomely repulsed by the One hundred and eighteenth New York and the Tenth and Thirteenth New Hampshire. I regret to have to report that the commanding officer of the Eighth Connecticut, occupying the extreme right, withdrew that regiment from a position that was susceptible of being turned, but before it was sufficiently endangered. It might have caused trouble to the rest of the line.

On the whole, the conduct of this brigade was very exemplary. They held their ground until ordered to retire, and this was only given after the withdrawal of the division on my right. Sanders' two regiments were moved and placed in a second and third line, resting with their right on the turnpike.

I submit with this Brigadier-General Burnham's report* of the operations of his brigade, and respectfully call attention to its details. I submit also Colonel Sanders' report.*

It is my disagreeable duty to report a very disgraceful performance of the Nineteenth Wisconsin, that can only be traced to a general and entire want of proper discipline-a performance that would have been shameful on the part of the rawest militia. While lying in the edge of the wood just in front of the Half-Way House, an order was sent to throw back the right of the first company or division, so as to meet, if necessary, any force likely to turn the right. From the unskillfulness of the officer in command, Lieutenant-Colonel Strong, the whole regiment rose to its feet and began to fall to the rear.

When ordered to resume their position, the regiment moved forward at a double-quick and with cheers, as though this was the only way to get them to advance. On reaching the woods, they completed the performance by delivering a volley from nearly all the regiment, firing into the One hundred and eighty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers that was in their front, killing and wounding quite a number of them.

I also inclose Major Schenck's report* of the artillery brigade during all the time we have been on this peninsula.

I beg leave to call attention to Brigadier-General Burnham's commendation of officers, which I concur in, as being judicious and well deserved. Commendations are also due the officers of my staff for faithful performance of duty. They are: Captain Theodore Read, assistant adjutant-general; Captain William R. Howe, assistant adjutant-general and acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenants Parsons and Wheeler, Fourth Vermont Volunteers, aides-de-camp; Lieutenant William J. Ladd, Thirteenth New Hampshire Volunteers, commissary of musters.

On the receipt of special reports in regard to the conduct of individuals, I shall make one in regard to conduct of those that came under my observation.

Very respectfully,

W. T. H. BROOKS,

Brigadier-General.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, 18TH ARMY CORPS.

---------------

*See pp. 132, 141, 146.

---------------

