
the regiments. Taking advantage of the momentary check thus occasioned, I charged the front of my regiment to rear upon its left company, and received the leading regiment (the Twenty-third Virginia) with an unexpected fire, which threw him into confusion. He therefore marched by his right flank, with the evident purpose of turning my left, but was then again repulsed by the Eighth Maine, which occupied the breast-works was attacked by a rebel regiment (said to be the Fourteenth Georgia), which it handsomely repulsed. After maintain this position some time, and exposed to a severe fire from front, flank, and rear, and finding that the regiment on my left (the Eighth Maine) had withdrawn, by order of Major-General Smith, I marched by the right flank through the woods to the road running at right angles from the turnpike to the river, whence it was conducted by a staff officer to the hill at the Half-Way House, and again advanced, by order of General Weitzel, to the road above mentioned, on which were afterward found the Ninth New Jersey, the Eighth Maine, and Twenty-first Connecticut.

Here, being the senior officer present, I was placed in command of the line, and, under directions of General Weitzel, advanced the same into the woods, where we found a line was withdrawn by order of General Weitzel. The Eighth Maine, Twenty-first Connecticut, and Ninety-eighth New York Volunteers were posted on the crest of the hill, on either side of the road nearest the river, where they remained until the withdrawal of the column, to which, with a light battery and the Second U. S. Colored Cavalry, they acted as rear guard.

All the regiments last mentioned behaved with much bravery. The Ninth New Jersey sustained its well-established reputation, but, reduced by sickness and losses in the previous engagements, was overpowered by the superior numbers of the enemy. The Eighth Maine throughout exhibited much steadiness and tenacity. The Twenty-first Connecticut, while under my observation, fought gallantly.

My own regiment obeyed its orders. I have not received the list of casualties of the Ninth New Jersey and Twenty-first Connecticut, but those of the Eighth Maine and Ninety-eighth New York prove them not neglectful of their duty. The Eighth Maine lost in killed, wounded, and missing, 4 officers and 84 men; the Ninety-eighth New York Volunteers, in killed, wounded, and missing, 4 officers and 99 men.

After I was in command of the brigade Captain William Kreutzer, my senior officer, commanded my regiment and managed it with much bravery and ability. He was of much service during the first engagement.

Inclosed you will find the report* of Major McArthur, commanding the Eighth Maine Volunteers.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. F. WEAD,

Colonel Ninety-eighth New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant E. E. GRAVES,

Aide-de-Camp.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

