
execution, causing the complete disorganization of his regiment. On the return of Captain Kreutzer, I ordered the change from front to rear upon my left company, which maneuver, executed in perfect order, notwithstanding the fire from the fort and front, was no sooner completed than the leading regiment of the attacking column (the Twenty-third Virginia) came in sight and demanded my surrender, to which we replied with a fire, which, delivered while he was in the act of deployment, threw him into confusion and stooped his advance. Shortly afterward another regiment, said to be the Fourteenth Georgia, came into line opposite to and overlapping our right wing, and opened a galling fire on the right companies. Dressing back the right wing slightly, so as to meet their new attack, we engaged both these regiments until they withdrew, when, finding the regiments on my left, the Eighth Maine and Twenty-first Connecticut, gone, withdrawn by order of Major-General Smith, we marched by the right flank, guided by the sound of the retreating batteries, to the field in front of the Half-Way House. Here the remainder of the brigade was reformed and placed by General Weitzel under my command as senior officer present. Under his directions, I advanced the brigade about one-third of a mile into the woods, and engaged the enemy until the troops of General Brooks had debouched upon the turnpike, the regiment being under the command of Captain William Kreutzer, when it was withdrawn by direction of General Weitzel and placed in line upon the crest of the hill to the right of the Half-Way House, which position they occupied until the withdrawal of the army, to the right column of which it acted as rear guard.

The losses of my regiment during the two battle and the out-post skirmishing during operations are as follows: one officer killed, 3 officers wounded; 14 men killed, 62 men wounded, and 23 men missing; aggregate loss, 103.

Although such commendation might more properly come from some other source, yet I cannot refrain from expressing my entire satisfaction with the conduct of officers and men, and my admiration of the coolness and bravery which enabled them while under fire to obey these orders with precision of parade. Of my whole regiment but one man manifested symptoms of cowardice, and but two improperly left the ranks.

I am, sir, very restfully, your obedient servant,

F. F. WEAD,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. H. LAWRENCE,

A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 18th Corps.

Numbers 52. Report of Brigadier General Hiram Burnham, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of operations May 7-16.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 18TH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, Va., May 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command during the recent engagements with the enemy:

In the movement of the 7th instant, to cut the Richmond and Petersburg Railroad, this brigade took the advance, with the ex-

