
mg of Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols, and brought the regiment off with ranks well closed and every man in his place, notwithstanding the fact that regiment had lost nearly 200 men in killed and wounded. The gallant conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel Coughlin, of the Tenth New Hampshire, on the night of May 9 at Swift Creek and also in charging the enemy on the 12th, in worthy of special mention. I have also to bring to your notice the good conduct of Major J. F. Angell, of Tenth New Hampshire, who commanded my skirmishers on the night of the 13th in front of the enemy's works, on which occasion he was severely wounded. I have already mentioned the gallantry of Colonel J. E. Ward, of the Eighth Connecticut Volunteers, and the good conduct of his regiment in the engagement of the 7th. There are numerous other instances of gallant and meritious conduct which can only be enumerated in a special report for that purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. BURNHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain THEODORE READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

Itinerary of the Second Brigade, First Division, Eighteenth Army Corps, May 4-31.*

May 4.-The brigade embarked on transports at Yorktown and set sail for Bermuda Hundred.

May 5.-Arrived at that place.

May 6.-Disembarked.

May 7.-Fought the enemy on the Richmond and Petersburg Railroad.

May 9 and 10.-Were engaged with the enemy at Swift Creek.

May 12 to 15, inclusive, skirmishing with the enemy along the Richmond and Petersburg turnpike and in the vicinity of Drewry's Bluff.

May 16.-The brigade participated in the battle of Proctor's Creek; returned to camp at Bermuda Hundred at night.

May 27.-Moved camp back near landing at Bermuda Hundred.

May 29.-Embarked on transport.

May 30.-Arrived at While House and disembarked.

May 31.-Marched to camp near New Castle.

Numbers 53. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Martin B. Smith, Eighth Connecticut Infantry, of operations May 7-16.

HDQRS. EIGHTH REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VOLS., Near Petersburg, Va., May 18, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my regiment in the recent engagements with the enemy from the 6th to the 16th instant:

The regiment left camp at daybreak on the morning of the 7th, was ordered to the front as skirmishers, driving the enemy from a strong position in the woods and then advanced in line of battle and

---------------

*From return for May.

---------------

