
Numbers 54. Report of Colonel Aaron F. Stevens, Thirteenth New Hampshire Infantry, of operations May 7-16.

HDQRS. THIRTEENTH NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS, May 19, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 18, dated headquarters Second Brigade, First Division, Eighteenth Army Corps, May 19, 1864, I have the honor to report to operations of the regiment under my command in the recent engagements with the enemy from the 6th to the 16th instant:

On the morning of the 7th instant we left camp in light marching order; proceeded toward the Richmond and Petersburg Railroad. About 4 miles from camp the column came up with the enemy. The Eight Connecticut being deployed as skirmishers, my regiment, in connection with others of the brigade, deployed in line of battle to the right of the road and supported the skirmishers. We advanced in line and occupied the position from which the enemy had been driven. We afterward moved to the right of that position in order to support the Eighth Connecticut, who were then skirmishing with the enemy. The last named regiment was soon withdrawn, and my regiment, in connection with the Tenth New Hampshire, held the advance until orders were given to retire. We lost in this day's operation one man only-Sergt. Gilman Davis, Company A, who was mortally wounded.

Monday, the 9th instant, the regiment left camp about 5 a. m., and marched over the same road and deployed in line on the left at a point nearly opposite the position occupied on the Saturday preceding. A line of skirmishers from the Eighty-first New York having been deployed on our front, my regiment moved forward in support on the left of the brigade, Company C being thrown out as flankers on the left. We moved without meeting the enemy to the line of the Port Walthall Branch Railroad. From this point we moved to the right and down the Petersburg road and by the Petersburg and Richmond Railroad to within a mile of Swift Creek, where we were again deployed in line, and Companies B and E, under command of Captain Juliam, were deployed as skirmishers on the left, the remainder of the regiment remaining in support of the skirmish line. The enemy having been driven by the skirmishers across the creek, my regiment took position in the brigade line in rear of Shippen's house. This position was maintained until the next day about noon, when we retired under orders. At night my skirmishers were relieved by Companies F and G of my regiment, under command of Captain Stoodley. About 8 o'clock that night the pickets of the Tenth New Hampshire, in advance of the line, were driven in upon their supports by a charge of the enemy, but he was repulsed and driven back promptly by the Tenth. We remained in support of the Tenth during the night, firing being renewed from time to time by the enemy. In this day's operations Privates George E. Bodge and William F. Staples, of Company B, were severely wounded while skirmishing with the enemy. In the operations of the succeeding day Private Charles Heath, of Company H, was severely wounded in the head by a musket-ball, and Corpl. James L. Glenville, of Company D, was wounded in the wrist, as he states, while

