
absent from his company in the line of skirmishers. On the afternoon of the 10th instant we returned to camp.

The regiment left camp about 7 o'clock on the morning of the 12th instant and moved with its brigade to the Richmond and Petersburg turnpike, which it crossed and took its position on the west side of the turnpike near Dr. Cheatham's house (Company K, Captain Betton, were deployed as flankers to protect our left). At this point Company H (Captain Smith) and Company I (Captain Goss) were deployed as skirmishers. The remainder of the regiment moved in line through the woods and a swamp to the turnpike, capturing 4 prisoners. For some cause a gap had been opened in the line of skirmishers and I found my regiment when we again reached the turnpike unexpectedly under the fire of the enemy's artillery and considerably in advance of the line of skirmishers. I at once withdrew it from its position to the line of support. We encamped that night near the position to the line of support. We encamped that night near the position last mentioned. In the operations of that day Private George F. Harmon, Company a, was killed, and Private Robert Oliver, Company C, and James Mooney, Company D, were wounded, by the enemy's shell. On the 13th instant we moved forward with the command across Falling Creek and skirmished with the enemy during the day, Companies A, C and D of my regiment being on duty as skirmishers that day and actively engaged with the enemy during the day and night. In this day's operations Sergt. Nathaniel F. Meserve, of Company A, was killed, Sergt. Charles W. Batchelder, Corpl. John E. Prescott, Private John McCarty, of Company D, and Corpl. W. D. Carr, of Company G, were wounded.

On the morning of the 14th instant we started at 6 o'clock and moved forward in support of the line of skirmishers. We soon came upon the outer works of the enemy at Drewry's Bluff and took position in connection with the brigade on the left of the turnpike, where we remained until the morning of the 16th. My regiment lost in the operations of the 14th Privates George W. Hutchins, of Company A, Eli Huntoon, Austin Gilman, and Henry Lynch, of Company D, Jeremiah Morrow, of Company H, and Joseph F. Lampson, of Company I, wounded. Company I (Captain Goss) relieved the three above-named companies in the skirmish line and there remained until relieved by Company B (Lieutenant Gafney), who remained on the skirmish line until about the time we were ordered to retire on the morning of the 16th. On Sunday, the 15th, the regiment was not engaged, but occupied its position at the earth-works.

At 3.30 a. m. on Monday, the 16th, the regiment was under arms. Soon after daylight a brisk firing was heard on our right and soon extended to our front. The fog was dense, but it was apparent that our skirmishers in front were hotly engaged with the enemy. About and hour after sunrise the fog lifted sufficiently to enable us to discover the enemy maneuvering and apparently massing his troops in the edge of the woods in front and to the left of us, with a view to an assault upon our position. My regiment opened fire, and about the same time Lieutenant Gafney with his skirmishers retired and rejoined the regiment. They had captured 24 prisoners, including 2 officers. At this time the enemy in large numbers was plainly to be seen in the edge of the woods. They kept up a continuous fire upon our position. The fighting continued until about 9 a. m., when we received peremptory orders to retire from the position. We crossed the field in our rear without casualty and took position in the edge of the woods on the west of the turnpike. Company E (Captain

