
By Company E, Captain Julian commanding.................... 3

By Company I, Captain Goss commanding...................... 13

By Company K, Captain Betton, commanding................... 8

Total...................................................... 59

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[A. F. STEVENS,]

Colonel 13th New Hampshire Vols., Commanding.

Captain C. A. CLARK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 55. Report of Colonel Horace T. Sanders, Nineteenth Wisconsin Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations May 12-16.

HDQRS. NINETEENTH Regiment WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS, Point of Rocks, Va., May 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following detailed report of the movements of the Third Brigade, First Division, Eighteenth Army Corps, in the late march to the front, commencing on the 12th and ending on the 16th instant, both days inclusive:

The Nineteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel R. M. Strong, and the One hundred and eighty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel George K. Bowen, moved from camp near Point of Rock at 6 a. m. of the 12th instant, following the brigade commanded by Brigadier-General Marston. At 10 a. m. the Nineteenth Wisconsin Volunteers were drawn up in line of battle, the One hundred and eighty-eight Pennsylvania Volunteers in column of divisions, in an open field near the pike. At 12 m. we were ordered to advance in the same order. After a march of about one-half mile through a dense thicket or chaparral, the brigade halted at the brow of a hill on the left of and near the pike. At this point Companies A, C, and F, Nineteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, were thrown out as skirmishers on the left of the brigade, the right of the line of skirmishers resting on the pike.

May 13, at daylight, the brigade moved by the left flank to a field about one-half mile instant and halted for a short time, the skirmishers deployed the day previous not having been called in. An advance was then ordered across the field, fording Kingsland Creek by the right flank, arriving in front of the Half-Way House at 11 a. m. The brigade then formed in column of divisions in the woods on the left of General Burnham's brigade. In the mean time the line of skirmishers had advanced and taken possession of the out-buildings of the brick house near Drewry's Bluff. They were attacked by a superior force and compelled to retire to the open field with a loss of 11 men wounded. At this point a re-enforcement of three companies of the One hundred and eighty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, under command of Major Reichard, was sent out. A charge was instantly made and the enemy driven back to his former position in rear of the brick house. This timely move checked the enemy when he least expected it. In this charge the One hundred and eighty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers sustained

