
a loss of 1 sergeant killed and 4 privates wounded. The command maintained this position during the night. At 6 p. m. the skirmishers of the Nineteenth Wisconsin Volunteers were relieve by the One hundred and eighty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

May 14, at daylight, the brigade was advanced under a severe fire to the enemy's first line of works, comprising the defenses of Drewry's Bluff. In the advance across the open field in front of the works, we sustained a loss of 2 privates in the Nineteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, and 4 privates in the One hundred and eighty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, wounded. At 9 a. m. this line advanced to the woods and formed a line of battle under shelter of the timber. The enemy occasionally shelled our position during the day without injury until 3 p. m., when a shell from the enemy killed 2 and wounded 2 men of the Nineteenth wisconsin Volunteers and 1 man of the One hundred and eighty-eight Pennsylvania Volunteers. During the day and night of the 14th and 15th instant the command was under arms and ready to move at a moment's notice.

May 16, at 6 a. m., the One hundred and eighty-eight Pennsylvania Volunteers moved and took a new position in line of battle on the pike in rear of corps headquarters. Owing to the density of the fog I am unable to give the exact location. From this front the right wing made a vigorous and determined charge on the enemy for the purpose of retaking a portion of Captain Belger's Rhode Island Battery. In this charge the loss of the One hundred and eighty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers was severe, a detailed statement of which had been heretofore forwarded in the list of casualties. About 9 a. m. the Nineteenth Wisconsin Volunteers was ordered to retire and take position under cover of the woods in front of the Half-Way House. Here the One hundred and eighty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers rejoined the brigade and took position on the left. At 1030 a. m. the command moved and formed line of battle on the left of Brigadier-General Weitzel's division. At 2.30 p. m. we moved in order of battle in echelon to the woods on the left. In this advance the loss of the Nineteenth Wisconsin Volunteers was severe, being 2 killed and 10 wounded. We then retired to camp near Point of Rock without further accident.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient,

H. T. SANDERS,

Colonel Nineteenth Wisconsin Volunteers.

Captain THEODORE READ,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Eighteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 56. Report of Colonel Arthur H. Dutton, Twenty-first Connecticut Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations May 16.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 18TH ARMY CORPS, May 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from headquarters Eighteenth Army Corps, calling upon me for a statement of orders carried or given by me during the engagements of the 12th to 16th instant, I have the honor to submit the following:

I have no recollection of any orders given by me during any engagement prior to that of the 16th instant. If any was given it in-

