
Numbers 59. Report of Major Theodore H. Schenck, Third New York Light Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade, of operations May 6-16.

HDQRS. ARTY. Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 18TH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, May 22, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that Batteries L, of the Fourth, and A, of the Fifth U. S. Artillery, a part of this command, arrived at Bermuda Hundred on the morning of the 6th of May, and were immediately disembarked, and joined the First Division about 3 p. m. of that day.

On the 8th day of May the Fourth Wisconsin Battery, Captain George B. Easterly, reported for duty. Battery K, Third K, Third New York Volunteers Artillery, was left at Newport News when the command was embarked, and has not yet reported. On the 6th, by order of Major-General Smith, a section of Battery L, Fourth U. S. Artillery, under the command of Lieutenant Stelges, reported to General Heckman for duty, and engaged the enemy for about one hour, with what success is not known. Loss, 1 man slightly wounded. On the 7th a section of Battery L, Fourth United States, Lieutenant Hunt commanding, engaged the enemy near the Richmond and Petersburg Railroad, the enemy having four rifled guns in position. The fire of the section was well directed,and the enemy, having changed position several times, was silenced after and engagement of about one hour, without loss to us; enemy's loss unknown. On Monday, May 9, Battery A, of the Fifth U. S. Artillery, and the Fourth Wisconsin Battery, were ordered to report to General Martindale, commanding brigade. Battery L, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant J. S. Hunt commanding, remained under the immediate command of General Brooks, commanding First Division.

On the 9th and 10th four guns of this battery (Battery L, Fourth U. S. Artillery) were engaged at different time s in shelling a bridge on the Richmond and Petersburg Railroad, with but little apparent damage to the bridge, though the fire evidently prevented the enemy from placing a battery at the end of the bridge held by them. On the 9th the Fourth Wisconsin Battery engaged an earth-work of the enemy near the Appomattox River, at a distance of 2,300 yards, the enemy opposing the battery with one 32-pounder gun. The fire of the Fourth Wisconsin silenced that of the enemy after an engagement of one hour. The battery did not sustain any loss. Battery A, Fifth U. S. Artillery, was not engaged. On the 13th the whole command moved on the Richmond and Petersburg turnpike, toward Richmond. Near the Half-Way House Battery L lost 1 horse, being posted in a field near the turnpike in the rear of Battery E, Third New York Volunteer Artillery, which was engaged with the enemy. On the 14th Battery L, Fourth United State, and the Fourth Wisconsin Battery, were engaged in shelling an earth-work of the enemy near Drewry's Bluff. Here, the batteries being subjected to the fire of a battery of the enemy concealed by the woods, 1 man was wounded in the Fourth Wisconsin Battery by the explosion of a case-shot. On the 15th none of the batteries of the command were engaged. Battery L, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and the Fourth Wisconsin Battery, were posted on a hill about 900 yards from and in rear of the position of the day previous. Battery A, Fifth U. S. Artillery, was in position on the right of the turnpike and about

