
1,000 yards in front of the earth-work of the enemy. On the 16th the three batteries of the command were in position in line to the right of and front of the Half-Way House. At daybreak the fog was so dense as to render artillery almost useless, and about one hour after daybreak the command was withdrawn, by command of Major-General Smith, to a hill about 1, 200 yards in rear of the Half-Way House, on the left of the turnpike. Battery A, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant Beecher commanding, was ordered to the front occupied by the battery in the morning. An attack was made by the enemy, in the repulse of which Battery A was engaged, using canister at 400 yards. On the afternoon of this day the command returned to its present camp, with the exception of one section of the Fourth Wisconsin and one section of Battery A, Fifth U. S. Artillery, ordered to report to General Gillmore, which sections joined the command that night.

The losses of the command have been previously reported. From remaining constantly in harness, the necks of the artillery horses are much galled.

Respectfully submitted.

THEO. H. SCHENCK,

Major, Commanding Arty. Brigadier, First Div., 18th Army Corps.

Captain THEODORE READ,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Eighteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 60. Report of Captain George B. Easterly, Fourth Wisconsin Battery, of operations May 7-21.

CAMP FOURTH WISCONSIN LIGHT BATTERY, Near Petersburg, May 21, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Fourth Wisconsin Light Battery from its arrival at Bermuda Hundred to the present date:

The battery disembarked at Bermuda Hundred on the 7th instant, with the exception of 53 horses, on board of a schooner, which, on account of getting aground in the James River, did not arrive until the forenoon of the 8th instant. On the evening of the same day the battery reported for duty at the headquarters of the First Division, Eighteenth Army Corps. At daylight on the morning of the 9th instant the battery marched with one day's rations, under command of Brigadier-General Martindale, in the direction of Petersburg, on right bank of the River Appomattox. At 11 a. m. position was taken near the river on a small bluff to the left of Forth Clifton, a rebel work on the junction of Swift Creek and the Appomattox, at a distance of 2,350 yards. The enemy immediately opened fire, throwing 32-pound shrapnel. The fire from the battery soon silenced them. The only casualty occurring was the loss of my private horse, a shrapnel shell passing through him. In about an hour I retired from this position, leaving one section with directions to keep up a fire at intervals. I moved forward with four guns, with the Third Brigade, First Division, Eighteenth Army Corps, and camped with it until next morning near Swift Creek. On the morn-

