
ing of the 10th instant I was ordered to report to return to camp occupied the 8th instant, the section posted by itself to return as the infantry in its front retired by it. Friday, the 13th instant, at 1 p. m., I received orders to move with my battery to the front on the turnpike road. I reached there and remained over night on the road. I reached there and remained over night on the road 2,000 yards in rear of the Half-Way House.

At 8 a. m. the 14th instant I was ordered into position close to the first line of works abandoned by the enemy, in a field to the left of the Friend brick house, and opened fire on a redoubt of the enemy's second line, 1,00 yards distant. No reply was elicited. While in this position I was subjected to an oblique fire from the enemy's guns concealed from view by a strip of woods. On cannoneer was wounded by the explosion of a case-shell. I expended during the day 232 rounds of ammunition. At night I camped on the extreme right of the open ground in front of the Half-Way House, with battery in position. At daylight the 15th instant I returned with battery and occupied the same position as the previous day, and was shortly ordered to a position about 700 yards to the rear, still commanding the enemy's redoubt. I did not open fire during the day, and at night I retired and camped as the night before. At daylight of the 16th instant I occupied the position held the 15th. The dense fog prevented me from opening fire. I remained here until ordered to gain the turnpike. While leaving my position I received a few shots from the artillery of the enemy. I was again posted on a hill to the left of the turnpike and 1,500 yards in rear of the Half-Way House and remained there until late in the afternoon, when I was ordered to return to camp now occupied, which I reached at 5 p. m. While returning one section of my battery was detached and ordered to report to Major-General Gillmore, who immediately, on its reporting to him, ordered its return.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. B. EASTERLY,

Captain, &amp;c.

Major THEODORE H. SCHENCK,

Commanding Arty. Brigadier, First Div., Eighteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 61. Report of Brigadier Godgrey Weitzel, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations May 9-16.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Cobb's Hill, Va., May 11, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in accordance with orders I move, with my whole command, excepting my picket-line and Ashby's battery, at 5.30 a. m., on the 9th instant, following Brooks' division in the direction of the Petersburg and Richmond Railroad. As soon as Brook's deployment was complete I commenced the deployment of Heckman's brigade, so that its left should connect with Brooks' right. This deployment being complete, having in the mean time discovered that the enemy had left our immediate

