
front, and that a brigade of Ames' division, of the Tenth Corps, had already possession of the railroad in my rear, I moved, as ordered, down the turnpike in the direction of Petersburg, Heckman's brigade in advance, followed by Wistar's brigade, Follett's battery, and one section of Belger's battery, the other two sections of Belger's battery having been detached by order of the commanding general. I met with no serious opposition until I had crossed Tinsberry Creek, when I found the enemy in position with artillery and infantry. I deployed Heckman's brigade, its center resting on the road, put one section of Follett's battery in the road, and with Wistar's brigade in reserve moved forward until I came up with Marston's brigade, of Brooks' division, my artillery and skirmishers engaging the enemy, soon driving off the enemy's artillery, while Marston's brigade was getting in its proper position. The fire of the enemy becoming heavier, I moved wistar's brigade in line on the right of Heckman's brigade. About the time when Marston's brigade was in its proper position and our skirmishers had been drawn in, preparatory to an attack on the enemy's position, we were charged on by the enemy. This charge was handsomely repulsed by Heckman, who pursued, assisted as much as possible by Wistar, and drove the enemy in confusion until our line had advanced some distance beyond the church. The enemy then opened with artillery from a field-work, commanding the road on the south side of Swift Creek. I ordered up a section of Follett's battery to engaged the enemy's artillery, and Heckman to fill his cartridge-boxes. This section of artillery was soon forced to retire by the heavier fire of the enemy, after having nearly all the cannoneers and two horses of one piece disabled. About this time the general commanding left it discretionary with me whether I should continue the attack. Being convinced that there was but a small force of the enemy left on the north side of Swift Creek, and believing that no adequate advantage-to compensate for the loss which would ensue from an advance to the bank of the creek-could be gained, I resolved not to continue the attack, but threw out a strong line of pickets, as directed, and bivouacked for the night in the position the division then held. One brigade of Ames' division, of the Tenth Corps, came into position on the right of Wistar during the fight, and one brigade of Turner's division, of the same corps, took position in the reserve of my line at the same time, both at my request and remained in these positions during the night.

On the morning of the 10th, at about 11 a. m., Ames' brigade relived Wistar's, and Turner's brigade relived Heckman's, as I was ordered to withdraw my division and return to camp. This movement had scarcely been begun when I was ordered to expedite matters and march at once to the support of General Terry, who was reported hard prossed by the enemy, several miles in our rear. I sent Wistar's brigade, which was the first out, at once to report to General Terry. He remained with him until nearly dark, when he was ordered back to my coma by General Gillmore, of the Tenth Corps, and arrived here safely. I followed with Heckman's brigade. As soon as it was relieved sent a staff officer ahead to report to General Terry, to ascertain where my services were needed. I received in reply the thanks of General Terry for the services I had already rendered him and the message "that he needed on further assistance," and therefore ordered Heckman to return to camp, which he reached without any annoyance from the enemy.

