
cut Volunteers, and inspector-general on my staff, and Lieuts. E. E. Graves and H. B. Fitch, my aides, particularly distinguished themselves; also Lieutenant-Colonel Boynton, Eighth Maine Volunteers. He was commanding his regiment, although severely wounded, when I ordered him to relinquish his command. Colonel Drake and his command rendered me the most important service.

My aggregate loss in killed, wounded, and missing was as already specified in previous detailed reports, being 1,334.

The following is an extract General Wistar's official report:

Captain Edwin E. Bedee and Second Lieutenant James W. Saunders, both of Twelfth New Hampshire Volunteers, with some men of same regiment, for some time loaded and fired one gun (abandoned) of Battery F, First Rhode Island Artillery. They report one of the officers of that battery as lying concealed in a ditch during the time. The same officers limbered up a 20-pounder Parrott gun, one of Ashby's battery, deserted by its gunners, and moved it by hand some distance of the rear on the turnpike, where they turned it over to some men of the battery with instructions to take it to the rear, which was neglected and the piece abandoned, owing, as they alleged, to the want of horses. The guns lost were abandoned without spiking. Captain Barker, commanding Twelfth New Hampshire Volunteers, had previously thrown forward sharpshooters, who dispersed and drove away the enemy's sharpshooters who attacked these guns.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel N. BOWEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Eighteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, U. S. ENGINEER'S OFFICE,In the Field, May 27, 1864.

COLONEL: In addition to my previous report of the action on the 16th instant, I desire to submit the following, viz:

While I was posting the regiments under Colonel Drake on the road on the right, which had been uncovered by the crushing of Heckman's brigade, the officer in charge of the skirmishers on our right flank reported the enemy moving to our rear and parallel to the road. Several persons were struck at the same time by shots fired from that direction. I at once reported to the major-general commanding the corps this movement of the enemy, and shortly afterward I received the order to fall back on the same line with General Brooks, who had retired.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General and Chief Engineer.

Lieutenant Colonel N. BOWEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Eighteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 62. Reports of Brigadier General Charles A. Heckman, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations May 6-7.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 18TH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, May 6, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that pursuant to orders from headquarters Eighteenth Army Corps, I marched with my brigade,

