
sition of my force, and while waiting for information from General Brooks, the enemy opened upon us with artillery, having perfect range of the Ninth New Jersey Regiment. By moving them slightly to the right the enemy lost the range. I placed my artillery in position, and after firing a few rounds succeeded in blowing up their caisson, which silenced them entirely. Upon receiving a message from General Brooks I made arrangements to attack the enemy's right at the same time that General Brooks attacked them in front, but finding the enemy were in too large force on my left to admit of my advancing, and as it was very important to hold the position I occupied, and being within easy range of the enemy, I deemed it most prudent to hold my position, and at the same time engage them with my artillery, which I did with telling effect. Upon learning that General Brooks had accomplished his objects and was retiring, I continued firing, and in compliance with orders made my arrangements to return to camp. Upon learning that Captain West and party, who had undertaken an expedition, had not returned, I sent out parties for them and held my position until their return, when we returned to camp, arriving at 7.30 p. m. The sun being oppressively warm my men suffered very much, having nearly 100 cases of sunstroke. Our loss during the action was as follows: One officer of Ninth New Jersey Volunteers, wounded; 1 officer of Twenty-seventh Massachusetts, wounded; 1 enlisted man of Ninth New Jersey Volunteers, killed; 9 enlisted men of Ninth New Jersey Volunteers, wounded; 4 enlisted men of Twenty-seventh Massachusetts, wounded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A HECKMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel N. BOWEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Eighteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 63. Report of Colonel Josiah Pickett, Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Infantry operations May 9-10.
HDQRS. 25TH MASSACHUSETTS VET. VOL. INFTY.,In the Field, May 18, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders from brigade headquarters, the Twenty-fifth Regiment left camp on the 9th instant at 5.30 a. m., moved in the direction of Petersburg without serious opposition till 4 p. m., and until within about 5 miles from Petersburg; there line of battle was formed, and I moved up, supported by the Twenty-third Massachusetts Regiment, and with the Twenty-seventh Massachusetts on my right, the enemy using their artillery and constantly shelling us. I had advanced about a mile when the enemy was met in force; I opened fire and became closely engaged; the enemy finding our fire very severe, charged our line in heavy force. I reserved my fire until the last moment, and then opened upon them, firing right oblique. It was impossible for men to stand against such fire, and they broke and fled, leaving their dead and wounded upon the field. Immediately their artillery opened a fierce and destruc-

