
tive fire; they had been punished so severely that they did not attempt again to force our lines. Pickets were thrown to the front, and I sheltered my men in the woods, and prepared to bivouac for the night. We were so near the enemy's lines we could not build fires, and though expecting an attack during the night, were not disturbed by any movements in our front. On the 10th instant, about 11 a. m., the men being very much exhausted by the excessive heat, the severe fighting of the previous day, and being out of rations, we were relieved and marched to the rear to obtain a little rest, and that the men might have an opportunity to make coffee, but instead of so ding we continued our march to camp, reaching it about 4 p. m. My loss on the 9th amounted to 1 commissioned officer and 11 enlisted men killed; 2 commissioned officers and 47 enlisted men wounded. First Lieutenant Upton, in command of Company I, was killed. In the loss of this officer the regiment and service has lost one whose place it will be difficult to fill; young, brave, and patriotic, he was among the first to offer his services to his country, entering into all the trials and hardships of a soldiers' life with cheerfulness of disposition and buoyancy of spirit's which won for him the respect and confidence of his superior officers; prompt in the performance of an attentive to all his duties, kind and affectionate to all under his command, he won the respect and love of all who knew him. He met a soldier's death, dying at the head of his command as victory crowned our efforts. I inclose of killed and wounded with names, nature of wounds, &amp;c.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. PICKETT,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Vet. Vol. Infty.

Captain W. H. ABEL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., 18th Army Corps.

Numbers 64. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Orson, Moulton, Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Infantry, of operations May 6-16.
HDQRS. 25TH MASSACHUSETTS VET. VOL. INFTY.,In the Field, May 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in compliance with orders from brigade headquarters, the Twenty-fifth Regiment left camp on the afternoon of May 6, at about 3 p. m. Marching rapidly the distance of about 4 miles in the direction of the Petersburg and Richmond Railroad, the enemy were discovered in force, posted in front of said road and on the left of the Walthall branch road. Forming in line of battle and marching into an open field on the left of the Twenty-seventh Massachusetts, we advanced a short distance to the front, then formed double column at half distance, passed the Twenty-seventh, and deployed into line of battle. While in this position the enemy opened a severe fire upon us. At this juncture I broke my three right companies to the rear into column to allow the Ninth New Jersey Volunteers to pass between my command and the Twenty-seventh Massachusetts. I had fired but a

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 16.

---------------

