
couple of rounds per man when this movement took place, and on its completion I was compelled to cease firing. Shortly after I received orders to move the right wing to the rear and support the artillery, of which we had one section. The left soon joined the right, and I received orders to move to the rear. Moving to the rear cross-roads just in rear of the field upon which the action occurred, I formed line of battle and thus remained till the ambulances with the wounded had passed. I then moved in the direction of camp, reaching there about 10 p. m.

My loss during the engagement was 3 killed and 14 wounded, 2 of the latter mortally. I was compelled to leave my dead upon the field.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. MOULTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain W. H. ABEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Heckman's Brigade.
HDQRS. 25TH MASSACHUSETTS VET. VOL. INFTY.,In the Field, May 19, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders from brigade headquarters I left camp with my regiment on the morning of the 12th instant at 5.30 o'clock. Moving in the direction of the Richmond turnpike about 3 miles, the brigade formed line of battle in a belt of timber and facing a large field. Remaining in this position about one-half an hour we moved on the Richmond turnpike. Getting on to that road and marching in a southerly direction a short distance, brigade line was formed behind a section of Belger's battery, which was engaged with the enemy. Our next position was in line in an open field a short distance north of Proctor's Creek; toward night moved across the field into the woods and remained there in line all night, throwing out one company on picket. 13th instant moved in a southerly direction upon the Richmond road, crossed Proctor's Reek, and went into position in the woods about a mile from the enemy's entrenchments near Drewry's Bluff, throwing out pickets. On the 14th instant, soon after daylight, moved up to the front of the enemy's works and formed line in the woods; had one company on the skirmish line; there was no general engagement this day, though the skirmish line was closely and constantly engaged. On the 15th threw up log breast-works immediately in front of our position; had two companies on the skirmish line this day. After dark was relieved in this position by the Twenty-first Connecticut, and moved my regiment to the right a short distance. During the night my men were aroused and in line five times, the enemy being almost constantly demonstrating along the front of our lines. On the morning of the 16th instant, about 5 o'clock, the enemy in force moved own upon my front heavily supported by artillery, and under cover of a dense fog made a furious attack. I reserved my fire until they were within close range, then delivered it with telling effect, causing their colors to drop three successive times and partially checking their advance. While being thus engaged in the front word was brought to me that our right had been turned, that the Ninth New Jersey, Twenty-seventh, and Twenty-third Massachusetts had been overpowered by

