
the enemy and retired, also that the regiment on my left had given way and that the rebels in heavy force were coming in on my right and had already gained my rear. I immediately faced the regiment by the rear rank, delivered what few remaining rounds of ammunition there were left, then ordered a charge, which temporarily checked them, but owing to their superior numbers did not succeed in breaking their lines; it however gave me an opportunity to face my regiment by the right flank and marched them to the rear. I was compelled to leave my dead and all my wounded who could not help themselves off on the field. General Heckman and Colonel Lee having been taken prisoners, Colonel Picketts took command of the brigade. I was by him ordered to form my men in line a short distance in rear of the battle-field, supporting a battery; shortly afterward moved to the right and rear, holding the approaches to the Richmond and Petersburg turnpike. About 4 p. m. was ordered to return to camp, which was reached at 9 o'clock. In concluding this report, I have to mention in terms of highest praise the conduct of both officers and men during the entire time of their absence from camp. All the hardships incident to four days and nights under a drenching rain, without shelter of any kind, so close to the enemy's lines that but once could fires be built, almost constantly under fire and some part of the regiment on picket or skirmishing all the time, were borne without a murmur or complaint; and their behavior on the morning of the 16th, when our-flanked and surrounded by the overwhelming forces of the enemy, they kept up a deadly fire upon them until ammunition was expended; then finding

all support gone, their desperate but unsuccessful charge in the vain hope to break the rebel lines, this failing, still maintaining their line and awaiting orders, their marching under a galling fire without confusion by the flank to the rear, merits and receives my utmost commendation. I would state also that Colonel Pickett, though sick and unable to perform duty, was present with the regiment on the morning of the 16th instant, and remained until the close of the engagement. I inclose list of killed, wounded, and missing.*

O. MOULTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel

Captain W. H. ABEL,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Second Div., 18th A. C.

Numbers 65. Report of Lieutenant William Daley, Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Infantry, of operations May 14-15.

CAMP TWENTY-FIFTH Regiment MASSACHUSETTS VOLS.,

Cobb's Hill, Va., May 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Having been called on for a report while on duty on the night of the 14th instant, I beg respectfully to state that about 7 p. m. I relieved Company B, Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, doing picket duty near Drewry's Bluff. There were no shots exchanged after my command had been posted till between 1.30 and 2 a. m., when the enemy opened a sharp fire, which was replied to

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 16.

---------------

