
and continued for more that half an hour. Firing cease until near 4 a. m., then a brisk fire was opened, which was kept up to 6 a. m., when I relieved by Lieutenant O'Neill, of this regiment.

Captain, I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. DALEY,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Co. K, Twenty-Fifth Regiment Mass. Vols.

Captain W. H. ABEL,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Second Division.

Numbers 66. Report of Lieutenant James O'Neill, Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Infantry, of operations May 15-16.

CAMP 25TH Regiment MASSACHUSETTS INFTY. VOLS.,

Cobb's Hill, Va., May 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report as one of the officers in command of the pickets in front of Heckman's brigade on the night of the 15th and morning of the 16th of May, near Drewry's Bluff:

I posted the picket, under the direction of Captain Abel, on the brow of a hill in an open field in front of the brigade line in rifle-pits 20 paces apart, which were dug by my pickets that night, as the old line of pits occupied by our men before were so low under the brow that they were comparatively useless. When I reached the right of our brigade line I ascertained that we had a post in an old barn to the right and front of our line some 80 rods. I took a sergeant and corporal and went to the barn, but could find no one there. On leaving the barn I received a volley from the enemy, not more than 20 paces from me. At the same time the enemy's cavalry charged on a house on our picket-line occupied by a company of the Ninth New Jerssey. This caused a general alarm all along the whole picket-line. This was about 10 p. m. After that, scattering shots occasionally were exchanged until about 3.30 a. m. of the 16th, when there was a general assault all along the picket-lines.

Your obedient servant,

JAMES O'NEILL,

Second Lieutenant, Co. E, Twenty-fifth Mass. Vet. Vol. Infty.

Captain W. H. ABEL,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Second Division.

Numbers 67. Report of Captain Henry C. Dwight, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Infantry, of operations May 15-16.

CAMP TWENTY-SEVENTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLS.,

Cobb's Hill, Va., May 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the duty performed by the companies (A and B) of the Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers as pickets during the night of the 14th instant:

Companies A and B were detailed on picket guard Saturday p. m., at 5 o'clock, and reported to Lieutenant Colonel W. G. Bartholomew,

