
Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, commanding picket guard, at 7 o'clock, on the road in front of line of battle of brigade, and directly in front of Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers. Company B was deployed as skirmishers, marching directly to the front, nearly to the position occupied by our skirmishers during the day. They then were assembled, 3 men on each picket post. They remained during the night without firing or being fired upon until daylight, Sunday a. m., when they were deployed, and fired until relieved by a company of Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers. The right of this line of pickets was nearly opposite the center of Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers. This company was commanded by Second Lieutenant Justus Lyman, who remained with pickets during the night. Company A was the reserve (commanded by myself); was posted nearly opposite the left of Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers and a few rods in rear of picket-line of Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers. This line of pickets was fired upon by the enemy at about 12 o'clock, when I moved my company a short distance to the rear, occupying ground more favorable for the pickets to rally upon the reserve, and the pickets having retreated a short distance the reserve would be too near the pickets. The firing was light and of short duration. At intervals during the night a few shots were exchanged.

At daylight Sunday a. m. my company was ordered to fall back to the road and remain there as reserve, which it did until about 7 a. m., when it was relieved and rejoined the regiment.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY C. DWIGHT,

Captain Co. A, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Vols.

Captain W. H. ABEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 68. Report of Captain Peter S. Bailey, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Infantry, of operations May 15-16.

CAMP TWENTY-SEVENTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLS.,

Cobb's Hill, Va., May 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the duty performed by Company D, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, as pickets during the night of the 15th instant:

Company D was detailed as picket Sunday p. m., between 10 and 11 o'clock, and ordered to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Stewart, Ninth New Jersey Volunteers. I did not find Colonel Steward at the place designated; reported to you and was sent to the picket-line to Lieutenant O'Neill, Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, who gave me instructions as received from Lieutenant-Colonel Steward to run my line from the right of the Twenty-third diagonally to a point of woods, connecting there with Eighth Maine, who continued the line nearly to the James Rivere. While posting my men we were fired into by the pickets of the Eighth Maine, wounding 3 men. While trying to explain to them we were friends, &amp;c., received a volley from a company of rebel infantry, who deployed

