
pany of colored cavalry, which I posted on the extreme right, the only position that they could take, as the rifle-pits which we had dug in front of the brigade would have prevented their advance. The enemy gave us but little peace during the night, feeling of our lines frequently, and causing three general alarms. The last was made about 3 a. m. of the 16th, and was caused, the pickets said, by squads of rebels (2 or 3) creeping up to our lines at several points. During this alarm I visited the whole line again, cautioning the men not to fire at supposed objects, but to be sure it was an enemy before they fired. I had but just reached my regiment when the whole picket-line opened fire. I at once started for the front and met my pickets coming in, who reported that the enemy were advancing in force. The whistling of balls soon convinced me of the truth of what they said. I at once joined my regiment, which was already in line and awaiting the onset of the enemy.

I have nothing further to report, as about this time my tour of duty terminated very abruptly so far as the pickets were concerned. I am gratified to add, however, that my guards all returned to their regiments, except those killed or very severely wounded. None of the others were captured by the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. STEWART, JR.,

Lieutenant Colonel Ninth New Jersey Volunteers.

Captain W. H. ABEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 70. Report of Colonel Griffin A. Stedman, jr., Eleventh Connecticut Infantry, Second Brigade, of operations May 12-16.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VOLS.,May 17, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Eleventh Regiment Connecticut Volunteers marched with Wistar's brigade on the morning of Thursday, May 12, and accompanied the brigade during the movement toward Drewry's Bluff. During the advance skirmishers were at times thrown out, relieving those of other regiments.

On the morning of Monday, May 16, they occupied their position in the brigade line when the enemy attacked General Heckman's right. No shot was fired by the regiment until the enemy charged in line of battle their immediate front, when, opening fire, the advance of the rebels was checked, and their line, after about an hour, was driven back. At this time, and within a few moments after the regiment ceased firing, an order reached me from General Wistar to fall back, facing my regiment about. I reluctantly obeyed, and marched through thick woods to a road a quarter of a mile to the rear. At this point I was was ordered to advance and reoccupy the breast-works. Moving without delay, the regiment returned, and, under a heavy fire from the rebel line which occupied the fortifications, took its old position. No other regiment of the brigade was there, nor could any Union troops be seen along the

