
whole line to the right or left. A rebel battery enfiladed the regiment from the left, and after twenty minutes I saw a movement on the part of the rebels indicating an intention to charge in front, and saw a column filing into the road in the position before occupied by the Second New Hampshire Volunteers, and within 30 yards of my right flank. Finding myself unsupported, and in danger of annihilation or capture, I faced the regiment about and marched to the rear, constantly obliquing to the right to avoid the enemy, who were following the movement with yells. Debouching upon the open field, the regiment retook its position in the brigade, and continued with it during the day, reaching camp between 8 and 9 p. m.

I respectfully ask the attention of the brigadier-general commanding to the fact that the regiment, more than two-thirds of whom were recruits, marched faced to the rear rank to retreat twice through a wide section of dense woods and thicket under a very heavy fire, and that alone and unsupported they reoccupied the old position under the fire of a large body of the enemy behind earthworks, and accomplished all without losing their formation or becoming confused. During the second engagement the flag-staff was broken. The regiment lost throughout the day 14 killed, 54 wounded, and 112 missing, most of whom are supposed to have been killed or wounded during the second engagement, and left upon the field. Those only are reported as killed or wounded in regard to whom a certainty exists. Two officers were wounded, 1 of whom is a prisoner; 1 other is missing, supposed to be wounded and a prisoner.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GRIFFIN A STEDMAN, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Eleventh Connecticut Volunteers.

Captain S. R. REYNOLDS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 71. Report of Captain George E. Ashby, Battery E, Third New York Light Artillery, of operations May 12-16.
HDQRS. BATTERY E, THIRD NEW YORK ARTILLERY,In the Field, Va., May 25, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken in the advance of the army on the 12th May, 1864, by the battery under my command, which constituted the Reserve Artillery of the Eighteenth Corps:

Left camp at Cobb's Hill, Va., May 12, 1864, at daybreak and marched to the Petersburg and Richmond turnpike. After a halt of an hour, the battery was ordered back within the line to camp until further orders. Next morning (13th May) ordered up to the front, which reached about noon. The battery was placed in position in front of the Half-Way House, and on the right of the pike. Afterward sent the section of Lieutenant Fuller to take position in the road. This having been done, fire was opened from both sec-

