
tions at 3 p. m. upon a work which the enemy had thrown up a mile distant and on the road. They replied with two 12-pounders, land knowing the ground, had good range upon the battery, but did little damage. After an hour's firing succeeded in silencing their guns, and at dark ceased firing. Next morning about 9 o'clock the battery was ordered to a position near the line of works which the enemy had left during the night, and opened fire on an earth-work which was about 1,000 yards distant. The enemy replied with a heavy fire of artillery and musketry. After firing an hour or more, the guns were ordered to be moved up under the breast-work. The enemy opened a field battery from the road directly in front of our position. With the aid of Battery D, First U. S. Artillery, they were soon compelled to retire with these guns, and the guns of the fort were also silenced. I kept up a slow fire during the afternoon, and the enemy only replied with an occasional shot. During the day several men and horses were wounded. At dark received orders to retire for the night.

On Sunday, 15th, resumed my position at daybreak. The battery lay all the day under a galling fire of musketry without firing a shot. Several horses were killed and wounded. At night received orders to retire at dark and resume my position before daybreak on Monday morning.

Shortly after resuming my position on Monday morning, 16th, the enemy opened upon me with a heavy fire of artillery. I immediately replied with all my guns. Under cover of this fire and the heavy fog, a large force of the enemy advanced up the road and charged on the battery. At the same time their artillery ceased firing, and changing the direction of my pieces, I ordered them to be charged with canister, which was poured into the column of the enemy. As they advanced the first charge was repulsed, but they only retired behind the line of breast-works, from which they pureed continuous volleys of musketry. The fog and smoke was so dense that they could not be seen, and their exact position was doubtful. Very soon they again charged. As long as the canister held out I used it, and when it gave out ordered percussion shell to be used. At this time I was struck in the head by part of a case-shot, and carried to the rear. The chiefs of sections, Lieutenants Fuller and Mowers, used their guns until the enemy were in their midst and on the left flank of the battery. They then ordered them to be limbered to move off the ground; only one was saved. The horses belonging to the others were shot down as they were driven up, the guns being deeply mired and the enemy close upon them. the men were ordered to save themselves, which most did by retiring through the swamp or up the road in a shower of bullets. Lieutenant Fuller was shot through the arm and leg, but succeeded in escaping. I would remark that a verbal order from the commanding general for the battery to fall back, instead of being, which were parked at the Half-Way House, and thus the opportunity for retiring safely was lost.

I cannot forbear to express my satisfaction at the steadiness, determination, and courage with which the men of my command stood to their guns until ordered to retire. My thanks are dire to Lieutenants Fuller and Mowers, commanding sections, for the efficient manner in which they handled their sections. I have the report a loss in killed, wounded, and missing of 2 commissioned officers and

