
the river road to Spring Hill, and returned to the middle road, socalled, and pushed up to within about 4 miles of Petersburg, drawing the fire of the enemy's batteries; after which I returned to City Point, arriving at 11 o'clock at night.

On Tuesday, 10th instant, went personally to Fort Powhatan and directed the constructions of earth-works. Learned that Clingman's brigade, three regiments of infantry, and a battery of six guns came down from Petersburg to within 2 miles of the works at City Point, and returned by the river road. Two companies of Thirteenth New York Heavy Artillery, under command of Captain Pendrell, and a detachment of 93 men of the Third Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery, under command of Captain von Schilling, reported for duty at City Point.

Thursday, 12th instant, proceeded with two regiments of Duncan's brigade, one section of Choate's battery, and one section of Angel's battery, to a point in the bight of the Appomattox River, nearly opposite the Point of Rocks, and directed the construction of a work, which is now progressing favorably, in charge of Colonel Duncan. The work when finished will consist of two lunettes connected by an infantry parapet, or curtain, of about 150 yards in length, with flanks of like parapets running toward the river. The position is a very strong one, and with the assistance of gun-boats on the flanks may be held by the force now there against greatly superior numbers. Communication with the river is established directly to the rear of the works, and the garrison my be easily increased by throwing troops across the river.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDW. W. HINKS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina, in the Field.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,City Point, Va., May 22, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of my operations since May 13, 1864:

Regular daily communication by water is now established between all the points occupied by my division. The works in the bight of the river opposite Point of Rocks have nearly reached completion, and the position is one of considerable strength. Colonel Stafford has been relieved of the command at Fort Powhatan, and ordered with his regiment to Wilson's Wharf. Colonel Kiddoo, commanding Twenty-second U. S. Colored Troops, has been stationed at Fort Powhatan. A detachment of the Third Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery, commanded by Captain F. von Schilling, had been stationed at Fort Powhatan. I have now mounted at Fort Powhatan three 20-pounder Parrotts and one 4 1/2-inch siege gun, and one additional gun, 32-pounder Rodman, mounted on my works at City Point. On the 16th instant a foraging party of 20 men, under the command of Lieutenant Cunningham, of the Thirty-seventh U. S. Colored Troops, sent out without orders from these headquarters, were attacked by a largely superior force, with the loss of 1 killed, 4 wounded, and 2 captured. An investigation of the whole

