
matter by a military commission is now in progress. The questionable behavior of Lieutenant Cunningham, Thirty-seventh U. S. Colored Troops, in this affair stands in strange contrast with the soldierly behavior of Sergeant Frazier, Fifth U. S. Colored Troops.

On the morning of the 18th instant Colonel Duncan's command at Spring Hill was attacked by the enemy with a force consisting of about 600 cavalry, two companies of infantry, and two 12-pounder guns. After a brisk cannonade of thirty minutes; duration the enemy were compelled to retire, apparently with considerable loss.

Our loss was 2 slightly wounded.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDW. W. HINKS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Va. and N. C., in the Field.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,City Point, Va., May 22, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that between 5 and 6 o'clock yesterday p. m. I received a dispatch in the following words:
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,May 21, 1864.

Captain SOLON A. CARTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Fort Powhatan is attacked, and General Wild has gone thither with one regiment. He desired me to inform you of the fact by the first opportunity, and requests General Hinks to send assistance.

Your obedient servant,

H. W. ALLEN,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

In response to the call for assistance I immediately proceeded with the Fifth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops to Fort Powahatan, where I found everything quiet, a demonstration merely of the enemy's cavalry having been made against the place about 12 m., and his force having dispersed by a few well-directed shots from our guns. After inspecting the lines of our troops I returned to City Point, arriving here at 1 a. m. The dispatch signed by Lieutenant Allen was not in obedience to any demand for assistance from Colonel Kiddoo, who is well prepared for any attack of the enemy, and equal to any emergency that is likely to occur at that point. A copy of Colonel Kiddoo's report of the affair will be forwarded when received.

I deem it necessary to send one squadron of cavalry to Colonel Kiddoo, and I respectfully urge that at least one entire regiment of the colored cavalry be returned to my division at once.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDW. W. HINKS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina.

