
We fired 44 shots, 13 shells, and 31 spherical case. The enemy fired 25 or 30, some of which exploded directly over the works, the most fell short.

Much credit is due the gun-boats for the prompt and efficient service which they rendered.

I remain, captain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. A. DUNCAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain SOLON A. CARTER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Hinks' Division.

Numbers 75. Report of Colonel Benjamin F. Onderdonk, First New York Mounted Rifles (unattached troops), of operations May 7-19.
HDQRS. FIRST Regiment MOUNTED RIFLES, N. Y. VOLS.,In the Field, near Bermuda Hundred, Va., May 25, 1864.

COLONEL: Agreeable to instructions from corps headquarters, I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment in the late engagements:

At daylight on the 7th instant, pursuant to orders received from the major-general commanding, I left camp with eight troops-350 men-and was ordered in the advance toward the Petersburg and Richmond Railroad, under Brigadier-General Brooks. Mistook the road, and marched in the direction of Port Walthall Junction; met and captured 7 of the enemy; returned and moved out on correct road; passed through the line of infantry skirmishers, when the advance guard, reporting the enemy in line of battle oblique in thick woods across swamps, from left to right back, threw out skirmishers and opened fire. The enemy replied by volley. I should judge a brigade was in position. My own horse was wounded, 2 of non-commissioned staff killed, and 2 others in troops. Was then ordered out of range, and infantry advanced; moved to the mills to hold the position. On retiring, assisted the wounded men of all arms from the field, and returned to camp as rear guard. On the 9th moved out in the same direction, covering the right flank; moved with advance line of skirmishers through the woods to the railroad, without finning the enemy. Was then ordered in the advance on the turnpike toward Petersburg; met the enemy near Swift Creek in force; skirmished with them until command was ordered under cover.

On the 10th ordered to the right on turnpike toward Richmond to make reconnaissance and find the enemy; found the right generally engaged; was ordered to picket the left front. In the evening returned to camp, covering the rear. On the 12th moved to the front in advance, via Ware Bottom Church; a short distance beyond met the enemy's pickets, at the school-house, and moved by the left to the turnpike, picketing the left and covering that flank. 13th, ordered to report to General Gillmore; moved toward Chester Court-Huse, covering the left, and moving through the woods was ordered to hold Salem Church with two troops, the balance of my command to extend the line from the left of infantry to Salem Church. 14th, performed same service. 15th, performed same service. On the

