
Numbers 77. Report of Colonel Simon H. Mix, Third New York Cavalry, commanding First Brigade, of operations May 5-10.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, KAUTZ'S CAVALRY DIV.,In the Field, near Hatcher's, Va., May 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: As commander of the First Brigade, Kautz's Cavalry Division, on the raid from near Portsmouth to Stony Creek, Nottoway River, &amp;c., Va., I have the honor respectfully to report:

That in obedience to orders from your headquarters I moved from near Getty's Station at daylight on the morning of the 5th of May, instant, with my brigade, composed of the Third New York Cavalry and a detachment of six companies of the First District of Columbia Cavalry, numbering in all 970 men. Passing through Suffolk about noon, I marched my brigade to Andrews' Corners, distant from Getty's Station about 38 miles, which place was reached about 9 p. m., where I halted, rested, and fed men and horses, remaining there until 12 o'clock at midnight.

At 1 a. m. of the morning of the 6th, agreeable to orders, I moved from Andrews' Corners in the direction of Fearnsville, which place was reached during the forenoon. Here a halt was made until 2 p. m., when the march was resumed in the direction of the Suffolk [Norfolk] and Petersburg Railroad at a point known as Wakefield, distant from Andrew's Corners, by the route traveled, about 47 miles, which place was reached after crossing the Blackwater at Birch Island Bridge, about 9 p. m. I bivouacked my command at Wakefield, remaining there until 2 a. m. of the 7th, when I was ordered to take the right of the division and resume the march. Leaving Wakefield at 2 a. m. of the 7th, I proceeded through Littleton in the direction of the Petersburg and Weldon Railroad. At Littleton Captain Pierce, Company K, Third New York Cavalry, having command of the advance guard of the column, captured 1 rebel lieutenant and 7 men, with several wagons loaded with commissary stores en route from Bacon's Castle to Petersburg. Reaching Bolling's Bridge, a carriage structure which crosses the Nottoway River near Stony Creek Station, on the Petersburg and Weldon Railroad, about 3 p. m. same day, a force of rebels was found there in position to resist the crossing of the column. Major Jacobs, who was in command of the Third New York Cavalry, and in advance, assisted by Major Hall, commanding First Battalion, same regiment, dislodged the enemy after a sharp skirmish, in which the Third lost Lieutenant John Mayes, a valuable officer, killed, and 2 men wounded, both of whom have since died. The railroad station at Stony Creek was seized and held by my command. The bridge across the stream, depot buildings, water-tanks, &c., were burned and utterly destroyed, and 1 rebel major, 8 other officers (captains and lieutenants), and 46 men, comprising the entire force, were captured.

Halting near Bolling's Bridge for the night, a march was made on the morning of the 8th for Nottoway River railroad bridge, which was reached about 10 a. m. This bridge, after a fight lasting for over an hour with the enemy, was burned by my command, assisted by the Second Brigade, under command of Colonel Spear. I must here mention the important part taken in this affair by the First District of Columbia Cavalry, commanded by Major J. S. Baker. A portion of

