
Major Baker's command, deployed as skirmishers in the woods at our right, drove the enemy from a strong position, and, assisted by a small force of carbineers from the Third New York Cavalry, compelled him to retreat to a fort which commanded the bridge. In this engagement my command lost 2 men killed and 7 wounded. Captain John Ebbs, of the Third New York Cavalry, and Lieutenant Jackson, of the First District of Columbia Cavalry, were both severely wounded in this fight, the latter of whom has since died. Our dead having been buried and the wounded cared for, I marched my brigade on the left of the column, about 5 p. m. of the 8th, to within 1 mile of Sussex Court-House, where I bivouacked for the night. Early on the morning of the 9th I resumed the march, crossing the Nottoway River at Allen's Bridge, and proceeding on the plank road toward Petersburg, struck the road leading to City Point, bivouacking for the night near Prince George Court-House, and resuming the march early on the morning of the 10th, reached City Point, about noon of that day, bringing in with me all of our wounded and the prisoners captured. The men and horses of the command, considering the severity of the labor performed of the raid, were in better condition than might have reasonably been expected.

I desire to make favorable mention of the officers and men of the First District of Columbia Cavalry throughout the entire affair. The Third New York Cavalry also bore a conspicuous part, and performed all the work required of it in a commendable manner. All the officers and men of my brigade behaved with a degree of energy and valor to excite admiration.

I transmit herewith reports of regimental commanders, and lists of casualties* as furnished by the surgeon-in-chief of my brigade.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON H. MIX,

Colonel Third New York Cavalry, Commanding First Brigadier

Captain M. J. ASCH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Kautz's Cavalry Division.

Numbers 78. Report of Major Ferris Jacobs, jr., Third New York Cavalry, commanding First Brigade, of operations May 12-17.

CAMP THIRD NEW YORK CAVALRY,

In Trenches, near Appomattox River, May 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor, as commander of the First Brigade, Kautz's Cavalry Division, on the late raid no enemy's communications south of Richmond, to make the following report:

On the morning of the 12th instant, being assigned to the right, I moved with my brigade (the First District of Columbia Cavalry in advance) through General Butler's lines, near Proctor's Creek (my advance guard receiving a slight fire from the enemy's extreme right line of skirmishers), across the railroad, without further opposition taking the road to Chesterfield Court-House, at which place several

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 17.

---------------

12 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT II

