
prisoners were found confined in the jail, and released. Reached Coalfield Station, on the Danville railroad, about midnight, seized the telegraph office, destroyed the wires, and procuring tools from the mines near by succeeded in tearing up the track for a considerable distance, burned several cars and all the appurtenances of railroad station. The Second Brigade then took the advance, and about noon of the 13th arrived at Powhatan Station, destroying it, crossed Goode's Bridge, and bivouacked in the woods for the night. The morning of the 14th moved on Chula Station, destroyed a locomotive, and was ordered to move with the carbineers of the Third New York Cavalry upon the enemy's position at the bridge over Flat Creek. Moved down upon the track with 120 carbineers of the Third and one piece of Richardson's howitzer section, under Lieutenant Burke. Found the enemy in considerable force, and deploying to the right and left of the track, moved down in line of skirmishers upon the bridge. A portion of my left (about 50 men, under Captain R. M. Hall) reached the bridge, and reported that there timbers were partly covered with tin and very wet, rendering it impossible to destroy it without prepared combustibles. The fire of enemy at this point became very deadly, and their position was so low as to be out of range of my piece. They were also supported by a heavy line of skirmishers and sharpshooters on a high ridge immediately in their rear, but beyond the range of my carbines. I succeeded, however, in holding the position until ordered to withdraw, which I did, the enemy pursuing closely and in largely superior numbers. My loss was almost entirely from Captain Hall's command, and numbered 25 men killed, wounded, and missing. I regret to state that my missing were nearly all men wounded in attempting to bring off their wounded comrades, the ambulance and horses having been left 1 mile to the rear. Resumed the march First District of Columbia in advance, and reached Wilson's Station, on South Side Railroad, and Blacks and Whites about night-fall, destroying them and 15 cars loaded with grain, &amp;c. Marched all night in the rain through Jonesville, and halted for the night at Lawrenceville.

On the 16th took the advance, crossed the Petersburg and Weldon Railroad at Jarratt's Station, avoiding Belfield, First District of Columbia on the right, and burning a pontoon bridge and watertank. Finding Freeman's Bridge destroyed, it was rebuilt by the First District of Columbia, under Major Baker, and the command moved on, with frequent skirmishing, toward City Point, where it arrived on the afternoon of the 17th in a completely exhausted condition. The casualties of the First District of Columbia Cavalry were 1 lieutenant slightly wounded in leg, 1 enlisted men killed, and 5 enlisted men wounded. The casualties of Third New York Cavalry were 1 lieutenant slightly wounded in neck, and 25 men killed, wounded, and missing.

The conduct of the command, both officers and men, in action and along the line of march, was such as to merit my warmest commendation, and highly creditable to their discipline and reputation as soldiers.

And, captain, I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. JACOBS, JR.,

Major, Commanding First Brigade, Kautz's Cavalry Division.

Captain M. J. ASCH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Kautz's Cavalry Division.

