
Tuesday, 10th.-Reached City Point before noon and encamped for the night.

Wednesday, 11th.-Crossed the Appomattox to Bermuda Hundred, halted a short time, then marched to near General Butler's headquarters.

J. STANNARD BAKER,

Major, Commanding First District of Columbia Cavalry.

Colonel S. H. MIX,

Commanding First Brigade, Kautz's Cavalry Division.
HDQRS. FIRST DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CAVALRY,Bermuda Hundred, Va., May 26, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the doings of the First District of Columbia Cavalry while on the last raid of General Kautz's Cavalry Division in Southern Virginia:

On the morning of the 12th of May orders were received by Major Baker, commanding the regiment, which was then in camp near General Butler's headquarters, to march at once, leaving all wagons, pack-mules, baggage, led horses, and sick in camp. By order from General Kautz this regiment took the advance, the first squadron acting as advance guard. Very soon after having passed the outposts of General Butler's army the advance guard was fired upon by a picket-station at a crotch of the roads near Swift Creek. The fire being sharply returned the pickets were driven in. During the entire day the advance guards exchanged frequent shots with pickets and small parties of the enemy along our route, and in some cases charged them with sabers, capturing a few prisoners. At Chesterfield Court-House the jail was broken open and number of rebel conscripts were released. At Coalfield Station, which was reached about 11 o'clock in the evening, the telegraph was cut, railroad torn up, depot building, water-tanks, wood-sheds, and also a tannery were burned. Six cars standing upon the track at this station were also burned. Major Baker, by order of General Kautz, remained with the regiment at this station to see that the orders in relation to the destruction of rebel property were executed, and upon the march to fall in the rear of the column. Upon the next day (13th of May), being in the rear, nothing of importance was done by the regiment. On the morning of the next day the regiment was again placed upon the advance, Company C being the advance guard. During the afternoon Wellville Station was reached, where the railroad and telegraph were cut, and a large quantity of grain and bacon and other stores were taken. The advance guard reached Blacks and Whites Station about 8 o'clock on the evening of the same day, where large quantities of grain, bacon, and other stores were taken and destroyed, depot, store-houses, water-tanks, woodshed, and thirteen cars, mostly loaded with forage, were burned. Major Baker, by order of General Kautz, remained with his regiment at the station to see that the orders in relation to the destruction of property were carried out, and upon the march the column to take the rear.

On Sunday, the 15th, the regiment was in the rear. One squadron was acting as rear guard. As the rear guard was crossing a

