
bridge across the Appomattox River, Major Baker received orders from Major Jacobs, commanding brigade, to destroy the bridge after the column had passed over it, which order was executed. That night the command encamped in the town of Lawrenceville. During the march of the next day nothing occurred until about noon, when the regiment was again ordered to the front, one squadron acting as advance guard. Jarratt's Station was reached in the afternoon, where the water-tank was burned and several prisoners captured. A train of pontoons was destroyed by the pioneers of the regiment near Jarratt's Station Pickets and small parties of the enemy were frequently encountered by the advance guard during the afternoon and evening of this day. The advance guard reached Freeman's Bridge about 12 o'clock at night and found two spans of the bridge cut away and the bridge guarded by a force of the enemy, which was quickly driven off. In accordance with orders from General Kautz operations were immediately commenced by Major Baker with his command in repairing the bridge, and in just two hours and a half the bridge was in readiness for the command to cross. During the following day this regiment still retained the advance. During the day the advance guard had frequent skirmish with the enemy's pickets. Some prisoners were captured and City Point was reached in the afternoon. The casualties in the regiment on this raid are as follows: 1 lieutenant wounded in the leg slightly, 1 enlisted man wounded, and 5 enlisted men missing.

All of which is very respectfully submitted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. STANNARD BAKER,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

[Major FERRIS JACOBS, Jr.,

Commanding First Brigade.]

Numbers 80. Report of Major Ferris Jacobs, jr., Third New York Cavalry, of operations May 5-10.

CAMP THIRD NEW YORK CAVALRY,

In the Trenches, near Petersburg, Va., May 26, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor as commander of the Third New York Cavalry on the late raid from Suffolk against the Petersburg and Weldon Railroad to make the following report, to wit:

Left Gatty's Station near Portsmouth, Va., May 5. Marched with one short halt at night, and on the noon of the 6th passed through Fearnsville, near the Blackwater. Crossed the Blackwater at Wall's Bridge and camped at Wakefield Station, on Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad.

Reached the Nottoway River on the 7th and crossed near Littleton, passed on through Coman's Well, and again crossed the Nottoway at Bolling's Bridge, after a slight skirmish, in which 1 man of M Company was killed. Upon arriving in the immediately vicinity of Stony Creek bridge on the railroad, my advance received a sharp fire from the body of the enemy in position there. Finding it to be impossi-

