
ble without severe loss to dislodge them by a direct attack, I ordered Major Hall with a battalion to attack them with dismounted skirmishers upon the extreme left, while I crossed the river with Companies G and E on the right, both bodies arriving at the bridge almost simultaneously, capturing 1 major, 8 other officers of inferior grade (captains and lieutenants), and 46 men. This action cost the regiment the life of Lieutenant John Mayes, one of its most valuable and gallant officers, and 2 men wounded. Major Newton Hall commanded the battalion on the right, and conducted the advance with excellent coolness, judgment, and gallantry. Remaining at Stony Creek Bridge the remainder of the night, I again received the right, and upon arriving at White's Bridge, on the railroad and over the Nottoway River, who were strongly entrenched on the opposite side. While organizing the attack, I perceived that a body of the enemy, numbering about 500 men, were leading the bridge and fort and pushing rapidly to our left. Reported the fact to the general, who ordered me to take command of the First District of Columbia Cavalry, move though the woods on our left dismounted, and attack, which I did, leaving the immediate command of the regiment to Major Hall, previous to which I had sent Lieutenant Dern with L Company to reconnoiter the enemy's position along the river on the right. From Major Hall's report I find that contemporaneously with the movement of the First District of Columbia Cavalry on our left about 100 carbineers, of Companies C, E, G, D, and M, where moved into the woods on the right of the First District of Columbia, under command of Lieutenant P. Jeffries, deployed as skirmishers and moved up to the railroad. Captain John Ebbs also commanded a body of skirmishers near the same place. Upon arriving near the track, they were received by a heavy fire from the enemy posted mainly on the opposite side of the track. Although most of the attacking party consisted of raw recruits, for the first time under fire, they behaved with spirit, and with the assistance of the First District of Columbia in a few moments drove the enemy from their position. All these detachments being united under Colonel Spear, who arrived with Second Brigade a few moments after, a combined massed attack was made upon the enemy's position at the bridge, which resulted in its capture and destruction. Captain John Ebbs fell severely wounded while charging the enemy and driving them from their position behind the track. The other casualties were 9 men wounded, 1 falling on the bridge while assisting to burn it, falling into the enemy's hands, but afterward recovered on flag of truce. Privates John Gray and Hubbard Carr, of B Company, behaved meritoriously in assisting Major Curtis, of the First District of Columbia, to burn the bridge under a galling fire. The column then sent out to return, bivouacking the night of the 8th near Sussex Court-House.

On the 9th crossed the Nottoway at Allen's Bridge, struck plank road, moved toward City Point, passing the night near Prince George Court-House, and entered City Point on the afternoon of the 10th instant, the command, both horses and men, in a greatly exhausted condition.

And, I am, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

F. JACOBS, JR.,

Major, Commanding Third New York Cavalry.

Colonel SIMON H. MIX,

Commanding First Brigade, Kautz's Cavalry Division.

