
to Stony Creek; the balance of my command (Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry) proceeded to Nottoway River bridge to feel the enemy. After remaining there about an hour the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry withdrew and joined the other regiment, about 9 p. m., near Stony Creek, where all bivouacked. During the day the howitzers of the Eleventh Pennsylvania were left in the rear, owing to the fact that the horses attached to them gave out.

May 8.- The brigade took up the line of march about daylight, and went toward Jarratt's Station, on the Petersburg and Weldon Railroad, the Eleventh Pennsylvania being in the advance. On arriving at the station we were met by a portion of the Holcombe Legion; the carbineers of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry dismounted, and, after a desperate conflict (taking into consideration the number engaged), were repulsed. The Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry was then ordered forward (they all carrying carbines), were dismounted, and ordered to charge the enemy. At the same time the howitzers of the Fifth were playing upon the enemy. After a short fight the place was carried; 37 prisoners were taken, among whom were several line officers. Previous to this time about 2 miles of railroad and telegraph line had been destroyed near the station and at it; the office, depot, and a number of public buildings, together with a large amount of Confederate Government stores, were destroyed. My brigade was then countermarched and moved toward Nottoway River bridge, the Fifth Pennsylvania marching by file on the railroad, the Eleventh going by the road. A short time served to bring us to the bridge. Here we found the Fifty-ninth Virginia, under command of Colonel Tabb, and a portion of the Holcombe (South Carolina) Legion. Here the First Pennsylvania was dismounted and made the first charge. The First Brigade, together with Lieutenant Morton's battery, Eighth New York Artillery, and the howitzers of both cavalry regiments (those of the Eleventh Pennsylvania having joined us) assisted in the fight, which lasted about an hour, at the expiration of which time our object was accomplished and the railroad bridge burned. The brigade then, in conjunction with the First, halted for a few hours, then took up the line of march, and bivouacked at Sussex Court-House.

May 9.- Marched at daylight, in advance, crossed the Nottoway at Allen's Bridge, and took the plank road to Petersburg. When within 9 miles turned to the right; destroyed a culvert on the Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad; lost 1 man there (prisoner); bivouacked at Mount Sinai Church.

May 10.- Reached City Point about 10 a. m. Remained till next day.

May 11.- Crossed to Bermuda Hundred and bivouacked, and remained until morning.

May 12.- Again left camp. The forces stationed near Bermuda Hundred made a feint, by which we were enabled to pass beyond the enemy's lines; reached Chester Station about 2 p. m. 3.30 p. m. reached Coalfield Pits, where the Danville railroad was destroyed; bivouacked about 3 miles from Coalfield Pits.

May 13.- Started about 4 a. m. in the direction of Powhatan Station, reached there about 8.30 a. m., Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry in advance, destroyed the railroad, a number of public buildings, and the telegraph line; also seized the apparatus, seized and destroyed eight cars laden with baled hay; also a large amount of corn and other stores. Moved rapidly to the high iron bridge on the Mattoax.

