
Finding it defended by four pieces of artillery and a regiment of infantry, moved back and proceeded to Goode's Bridge, 6 miles below; found that the bridge had been destroyed. Major Stratton, of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, was detailed to superintend its reconstruction, which work he accomplished in three hours. The bridge having been crossed was again destroyed, Eleventh Pennsylvania in advance; reached Chula Station about 12.30 p. m. Here brought a train of cars loaded with troops to defend the station; bivouacked near there.

May 14.- Took up the line of march about 4.30 a. m., First Brigade in the advance; proceeded to Flat Creek bridge, Eleventh Pennsylvania on left and Third New York on right; deployed to make a demonstration on Flat Creek bridge. Here, after a lively engagement, some men of the Eleventh Pennsylvania were lost; also 1 officer killed in a charge of carbineers; destroyed the railroad and telegraph line at this point for a considerable distance. Was ordered by General Kautz to fall back. Took the road to Bevill's Bridge. Captain Bayley, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, in command of advance guard, took charge at Deep Creek bridge. Saw some 30 or 40 rebel cavalry. On arriving at the Petersburg road, the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry was pushed as a feint down it, and, after the command passing, it brought up in rear. After leaving this bridge about 3 or 4 miles in our rear, the brigades were separated, the Second Brigade going to wilson's to destroy the South Side Railroad at that point, which was effectually done. Here a courier from General Kautz brought an order for us to report with the brigade at Blacks and Whites, to which point the other brigade had gone. This we did, and upon arriving were directed to move out about 3 miles and bivouac, which was done at Booth's plantation, about 4 miles from Blacks and Whites Station, on the South Side Railroad.

May 15.- Started late, marched to Lawrenceville. Nothing important occurred on the way. Bivouacked at the Brunswick County Court-House. In an outbuilding found and destroyed about 125 sacks of salt. This was done by the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.

May 16.- Left at daylight. Started on the direct road for Belfield. When within about 4 miles made a detour which brought us to Jarratt's Station, the place where the railroad was destroyed by us a short time before. Here nothing was done by us, the First Brigade having effectually demolished all Government property, they being in the advance. Made a forced march to Freeman's Bridge, which crossed the Nottoway, which we reached at 3.30 a. m. and crossed; bivouacked at Major Belcher's farm.

May 17.- Started early. Nothing of importance occurred during the day till about 4 p. m., when the command was within a few miles of City Point. Here a small command of 60 or 70 rebel cavalry charged by a side road, halted with 20 yards of L Company, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, and delivered a fire from shotguns. The company halted and returned the fire, whereupon the rebels took to the woods. One man killed by a fire from the woods. Arrived at City

Point and bivouacked.

The following is a list of the casualties in my brigade: Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, 1 commissioned officer and 6 privates killed; 1 commissioned officer, 1 sergeant, and 12 privates wounded. Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, 2 men killed, 1 captain and 16 men wounded, and 4 men missing.

