
The above I believe to be a correct report of the operations of my brigade. Of the Eleventh Pennsylvania I need say nothing as I am colonel of the regiment. All I would say is that they have behaved as usual. To the Fifth Pennsylvania I would particularly call the attention of the commanding general. Every order given them was promptly obeyed, and under fire no regiment could have behaved better. The manner in which the officers and men of this regiment behaved at Jarratt's Station and at the taking and destruction of the Nottoway bridge proved the material to be most excellent and deserves my especial commendation.

I am, sir, with high respect, your obedient servant,

SAML. P. SPEAR,

Colonel Eleventh Pa. Cav., Commanding 2nd Brigadier, Cav. Div.

Captain M. J. ASCH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Kautz's Cavalry Division.

Numbers 83. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Christopher Kleinz, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of operations May 8.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Near Bermuda Hundred, May 24, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the following as the operations of my regiment during the late raids:

On the morning of the 8th instant, previous to which nothing of importance had occurred during the march, we arrived near Jarratt's Station, on the Petersburg and Weldon Railroad. The Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, having been repulsed at the station, my regiment was ordered to the front and directed by Colonel S. P. Spear, commanding Brigade, to take the place. I dismounted 4 out of 4 of my men, and made such disposition of the led horses as would secure them from the confusion and danger of the right. The Firts Battalion was directed by Colonel Spear to be deployed as skirmishers on the left of the railroad. The First Squadron of the Second Battalion I then ordered to deploy on the right of the railroad, with directions to advance and wheel to the left so as to make the enemy on the flank and rear. The section of howitzers of my regiment had already been ordered into position and commenced firing, while the line of skirmishers advanced rapidly, attacking the enemy in the most gallant and vigorous manner, the reserves advancing in close supporting distance. The enemy was strongly posted in houses and behind the bank of the railroad, numbering about 500 men, and as we advanced, poured a most terrific fire into my men, who were without cover. At this time I ordered a charge, and with a yell my men rushed upon the foe, who either surrendered or fled in wild confusion. We captured 37 prisoners, including a captain and 2 lieutenants during the engagement, which lasted about three-quarters of an hour. The howitzers of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry arrived during the engagement and assisted in shelling the enemy's position. We immediately proceeded to destroy the depot and railroad buildings with everything that could be of use to the enemy. The following is a list* of the casualties of my

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 8 men wounded and 2 killed.

---------------

