
the Blackwater River. At this point the advance guard discovered a small party of rebels engaged in destroying the bridge. The advance guard, composed of a portion of Company A, Eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry, immediately dismounted and charged upon the bridge, driving the rebels from their position. Lieutenant L. F. Prud'homme, acting assistant adjutant-general to Colonel S. P. Spear, commanding Second Brigade, was severely wounded. No other casualties in my regiment. We crossed the bridge at about 5 p. m. Thence continued to Wakefield Station, arriving there at 6.30 p. m., my regiment being in advance since leaving Portsmouth. Bivouacked until 4 a. m. May 7, my regiment in rear. Crossed the Nottoway at Peter's Bridge. About noon arrived at the Nottoway railroad bridge (Petersburg and Weldon Railroad). At sundown found the enemy in force at the bridge and on the railroad; also discovered a large train of cars which had but recently arrived from Weldon, N. C., loaded with troops. Received orders from the colonel commanding brigade to prepare to attack the enemy. I immediately ordered my carbineers to dismount, form in line of battle, and await further instructions. The brigade commander, in his judgment, deemed it best not to attack the enemy in consequence of the approaching darkness. I then received orders to return up the river road about 2 miles and bivouacked at 8 p. m. At 3 a. m. received orders to march to Jarratt's Station, about 4 miles down the river road, past the Nottoway bridge. Arrived at Jarratt's Station soon after daylight. Was directed by Colonel Spear to send forward all my carbineers to attack the enemy, who were in superior force in a strong position at the station. My carbineers made two distinct charges, but each time were repulsed, owing to superior numbers and to the concentrated fire of the enemy. I received instructions from the brigade commander to fall back along the railroad and commence destroying it until re-enforcements arrived, when Jarratt's Station would again be attacked. I placed a large body of men in charge of Major F. A. Stratton, Eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry, with instructions to tear up the track and twist the rails. Said duty was effectually performed by Major Stratton. Some time during the day the Fifth Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry arrived, which, together with all my carbineers, including two howitzers of my regiment, made the second attack upon Jarratt's Station, driving the enemy, capturing 37 prisoners, among them several officers, completely destroying the station, containing a large amount of rebel Government stores. After the destruction of Jarratt's Station I was ordered by the brigade commander to send two companies of my regiment down the railroad toward Nottoway railroad bridge and to proceed with the remainder of my regiment (seven companies) and attack the enemy at the Nottoway railroad bridge at the point where the line was first formed on the evening of the 7th. At this point found the general commanding already engaged with the enemy. The enemy was charged from the railroad, driven across the bridge, and the structure completely destroyed. I received orders from the general commanding to communicate by flag of truce with the officer commanding the rebel forces, and, if possible, effect and exchange of prisoners, it having been ascertained that a few of our men had fallen into the hands of the enemy. I found upon communicating with Colonel William B. Tabb, of the Fifty-ninth Virginia, commanding the rebel forces, that he had but 1 officer and 4 privates in his possession as prisoners. The officer and 2 of the privates were severely wounded.

