
The following is a correct list of horses lost and abandoned: Nine killed in action, 45 necessarily abandoned and died along the roadside.

GEO. STETZEL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel S. P. SPEAR,

Commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 85. Report of Colonel Henry L. Abbot, First Connecticut Heavy Artillery, commanding Siege Train and Siege Artillery, of operations May 10-June 4.
HDQRS. SIEGE TRAIN AND SIEGE ARTILLERY,Broadway Landing, Va., December 5, 1864.

GENERAL: In accordance with your instructions I have the honor to submit the following report upon the operations of my command from the opening of the campaign in May to the 31st day of October. It comprises all the siege artillery in front of Richmond, and hence has served in part with the Army of the James and in part with the Army of the Potomac. Finding it impossible to subdivide its operations in a satisfactory manner, I have made this report a complete record of the Siege Artillery in front of Richmond:

On April 20, 1864, I received a confidential memorandum from Major-General Halleck, chief of staff, Armies of the United States, directing me to organize a siege train. I was informed that this memorandum was based upon a project drawn up by Brigadier General H. J. Hunt, chief of artillery, Army of the Potomac, and that it was intended to order me to report to him when the train was brought into use. Its composition was the following, viz: Forty rifled siege guns (4 1/2-inch ordnance or 30-pounder Parrotts), ten 10-inch mortars, twenty 8-inch mortars, twenty Coehorn mortars, with a reserve of six 100-pounder Parrotts. Subsequently ten 8-inch siege howitzers were added to the list. The necessary mortar wagons, battery wagons, forges, &amp;c., were to be provided, together with the following supply of ammunition: One thousand rounds per gun, except the 100-pounders, which were to have 500 rounds each, 600 rounds per heavy mortar, and 200 rounds per Coehorn. All this train was to be afloat at the Washington Arsenal as soon as possible; and twenty siege guns complete, with 200 rounds each, were to be afloat at that depot by April 30 without fail. Very little of this material was in depot at the Washington Arsenal, but it was collected from all quarters with great rapidity by the Ordnance Department. About a dozen schooners of about 200 tons burden were furnished without delay by the Quartermaster's Department. I detailed Captain S. P. Hatfield, First Connecticut Artillery, as ordnance officer of the train, and placed him at the arsenal, assisted by Firs Lieutenant L. W. Jackson, to superintend the loading. As the ordnance arrived it was promptly placed on the schooners. The decks were shored up and ten 30-pounder guns placed amid-ships side by side, resting on skids. Their carriages, platforms, and 3,000 rounds of ammunition complete were packed in the hold. The masts and rigging afforded facilities for loading this material,

