
and rendered the schooners far superior to the canal barges used for the siege train of 1862. The 10-inch mortars with 2,200 rounds were loaded on one schooner; the 8-inch mortars with 2,300 rounds, together with the Coehorn mortars, were loaded on another; the 8-inch howitzers, with their carriages, the mortar wagons, platforms, and miscellaneous articles filled another; the six 100-pounders with 2,000 rounds loaded another. The rest of the vessels carried ammunition, &amp;c. This material was essentially afloat by May 10. On that date my regiment, the First Connecticut Artillery, was ordered forward in advance of the train to report for duty to Major-General Butler, then near Bermuda Hundred, Va.

We arrived on May 13, about 1,700 strong, but 349 men were discharged in ten days on account of expiration of term of service. I had been notified by General Halleck that if General Butler desired it, a part of my train might be sent forward at once. Upon leading, however, I found four 30-pounder Parrotts and five 20-pounder Parrotts already disembarked, and as other pieces were subsequently received from Fort Monroe, this was not judged necessary.

On May 14 I was ordered to report to Colonel Howell, Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania, commanding the line of defenses of Bermuda Hundred. My regiment was at once put to work getting the heavy guns into position, making magazines, strengthening the line, &c.

On May 16 the main army fell back to the line of entrenchments.

On May 17 General Butoler placed me in command of the siege artillery of his army, then consisting of my regiment and Company M, Third Pennsylvania Artillery, Captain Korte, serving two 8-inch howitzers, ordering me to report direct to his headquarters. First Lieutenant W. C. Faxon was immediately detailed by me as ordnance officer, assisted by First Lieutenant C. Gillett. A reserve depot of ammunition, to consist of 100 rounds per gun, was established near Hatcher's house, and a regular system of supply for the batteries was organized. From this date, until the arrival of the Army of the Potomac in the latter part of June, a heavy artillery fire was kept up much of the time along the lines. On May 20 a strong demonstration was made by the enemy upon our position, in which they drove in the pickets, but were repulsed on the left by the artillery fire of the works, and on the right (in woods) by the First Division, Tenth Corps. My guns in position were then the following:

Batteries	 30-	 20-	 8-inch	 32-	 24-	 Total

 pounder	 pounder	 siege	 poun-	 pounder

 Parrotts	 Parrots	 howit-	 der	 howit-

 	 	 zers	 howit-	 zer

 	 	 	 zers

Battery	 .......	 3	 2	 .....	 ......	 5

Drake

Battery	 ........	 2	 ......	 .....	 .......	 2

Perry

Battery	 2	 2	 ......	 .....	 .......	 4

Anderson

Battery	 2	 1	 ......	 2	 1	 6

Pruyn

Total	 4	 8	 2	 2	 1	 17

The fire of those guns bearing on the point of attack (ten in number) was effective and contributed much to the easy repulse of the

