
the charge and fighting on his left, he did not do, but moved back across the field half a mile. My command and howitzer, still keeping close to the woods, escaped harm from the enemy's shells, as they passed over mostly, except 1 horse killed and Surgeon Manly wounded. The left post of my line at this time captured 3 prisoners, lost in the fog. Here my line and command remained until after the fight was mostly over, when I was ordered by an aide to place my men back of the artillery and infantry in position in the field in my rear. I moved my command back 500 yards in cover of ravine and waited orders. Captain

------

, General Smith's aide, then ordered me to make a new line of pickets in rear of the creek and traced this line, which I did, moving my command on the hill in rear. Here I soon received orders to move to the front and did so, except the new picket-line, and reported in person to General Smith. Being ordered, charged one squadron in skirmish line of some houses near my former reserve station, failing to dislodge entirely some sharpshooters in the log buildings. Lost 1 man wounded and 1 horse shot. Having rallied, was ordered by Captain

-------

, aide to General Smith, to make a reconnaissance to the front and right; did so, and found about a regiment of rebel cavalry in line and close column beyond the ravine (formerly our front line) on the right. My skirmishers fired into them and skirmishing ten or fifteen minutes found my reserve shelled by the rebel boat. Again drew back to the line of infantry skirmishers. Then reported to General Weitzel, and as skirmishers, with some of the Eleventh Pennsylvania, covered the retiring column under considerable firing, but no damage was done. I omitted to mention that the two regiments after first sent down to General Heckman's support did not form line facing the enemy, but the river, and in answer to my inquiry as to why, said that two brigades of the enemy were on our right, and upon my assurance that my line was entire and far to our front, changed his base and fronted the woods, forming line of battle 200 or 300 yards in rear of my command. I think it was Colonel Drake's command. This line soon fell back to the edge of the field, near where I reported in person to General Smith for orders on the 16th. At no time was there more than 100, or thereabouts, of the enemy visible on the other side of the river, or any boats except the small gun-boat and two or three skiffs, noire for about a mile above our post, so far as the river was visible, no bridge nor sign of crossing.

I have the honor to submit the above report.

With sincere respect, yours,

GEO. W. COLE,

Colonel Second U. S. Colored Cavalry.

Lieutenant-Colonel BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 88. Reports of General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army, commanding Department of North Carolina and Southern Virginia, of operations May 16-June 2.

DREWRY'S BLUFF, May 16, 1864.

It is 8.30 o'clock. Our progress is very satisfactory. Ransom turned enemy's James River flank early this morning, and is driving him toward our right. We hold well on the right, and are

