
end we shall attack and turn by the river his right flank, now resting on James River, while his center and left flank are kept to prevent him from re-enforcing his right flank. Major-General Ransom's division will to-night take position, the most favorable for attack, on the enemy's right flank-to be made by him at daybreak to-morrow morning. His skirmishers will drive back vigorously those of the enemy in his front, and will be followed closely by his line of battle, which will, at the proper time, pivot on its right flank, so as to take the enemy in flank and rear. He will form in two lines of battle and will use his battalion of artillery to the best advantage. Colonel Dunovant's regiment of cavalry will move with this division under the direction of General Ransom. Major-General Hoke's division, now in the trenches on the right of the position herein assigned to General Ransom, will, at daylight, engage the enemy with a heavy line of skirmishers, and will hold the rest of his forces in hand ready to attack with vigor the enemy's line in his front as soon as he shall find it wavering before his skirmishers, or so soon as Ransom;s line of battle shall have become fairly engaged with the enemy. General Hoke will form in two lines of battle, 400 yards apart, in front of his trenches at the proper time, and in such manner as not to delay his forward movement. He will use his battalion of artillery to the best advantage. Colonel Baker's regiment of cavalry will move in conjunction with Hoke's division, so as to protect his right flank. he will receive more definite instruction from Major-General Hoke. Colonel Shingler's regiment of cavalry will move with the reserve division.

The division commanded by Brigadier-General Colquitt will constitute the reserve, and will to-night form in column by brigades in rear of Hoke's present position,t he center of each brigade resting on the turnpike. The division will be massed under cover of the hills now occupied by Hoke's troops, so as to be sheltered at the outset from the enemy's fire in front. During the movement the head of the reserve column will be kept at a distance of about 500 yards. The reserve artillery, under General Colquitt, will follow along the turnpike about 300 yards in rear of the last brigade. He will use it to the best advantage. Simultaneously with these movements, Major-General Whiting will move with his division from Petersburg along the Petersburg and Richmond turnpike, and attack the enemy's flank and rear.

The movements above indicated must be made with all possible vigor and celerity.

The generals commanding divisions and Colonels Baker and Shingler, commanding cavalry, will report at these headquarters at 6 p. m. to-day.

In the mean will give all necessary instructions for providing their respective commands with 60 rounds of ammunition issued to each man, and at least 20 rounds for each in reserve. They will cause their commands to be supplied with two day's cooked rations.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

TO DIVISION COMMANDERS.

Ransom moved at 4.45 a. m., being somewhat delayed by a dense fog, which lasted several hours after dawn and occasioned some embarrassment. His division consisted of the following brigades, in the order mentioned, commanding from the left: Gracie's, Kemper's (commanded by Colonel Terry), Barton's (under Colonel Fry), and Colonel Lewis' (Hoke's old brigade).

He was soon engaged, carrying, at 6 a. m., with some loss, the enemy's line of breast-works in his front, his troops moving splendidly forward tot he assault and capturing 5 stand of colors and some 500 prisoners. The brigades most heavily engaged were Gracie's and Kemper's, opposed to the enemy's right, the former turning his flank. He then halted to form, reported his loss heavy, and troops scattered by the fog, his ammunition short, and asked for a brigade from the reserve. Colquitt's brigade was sent him at 6.30 a. m., with orders for its return when it ceased to be indispensable. Before either ammunition or the reserve brigade had arrived, he reported the enemy driving Hoke's left, and sent the right regiment of Lewis brigade forward at double-quick toward the point of supposed danger. This held the enemy long enough for the reserve brigade to

