
conjunction with Johnson, five pieces of artillery-three 20-pounder Parrotts and two fine Napoleons. He then took position in the works, his left regiment being thrown forward by Hoke to connect with Ransom's right. In advancing, this regiment encountered the enemy behind a second line of works in the woods, with abatis interlaced with wire. Attack at that point not being contemplated it was ordered back to the line of battle, but not before its intrepid advance had brought on it considerable loss. This circumstance has been referred to before as the occasion of a mistake by Ransom. Johnson meanwhile had been heavily engaged. The line of the enemy bent around his right flank, subjecting his brigade for a time to fire in flank and front. With admirable firmness he repulsed frequent assaults of the enemy moving in masses against his right and rear. Leader, officers, and men alike displayed their fitness for the trial to which they were subjected. Among many instances of heroism I cannot forbear to mention that Lieutenant Waggoner, of the Seventeenth Tennessee Regiment, went alone through a storm of fire and pulled down a white flag which a small isolated body of our men had raised, receiving a wound in the act.

The brigade, holding its ground nobly, lost more than a fourth of its entire number. Two regiments of the reserve were sent up to its support, but were less effective than they should have been through a mistake of the officer posting them. Hoke also sent two regiments from Clingman to protect Johnson's flank. These partially partook of the same mistake, being posted in the woods where the moral and material effect of their presence was lost. i now ordered Hoke to press forward his right for the relief of his right center, and he advanced Clingman with his remaining two regiments, and Corse with his brigade. They drove the enemy with spirit, suffering some loss, but the gap between Clingman and the troops on his left induced him to retire his command to prevent being flanked and reform it in the intermediate lines. Thus Corse became isolated, and earning from his officers that masses were forming against his right flank, he withdrew some distance back, but not quite so far as his original position. These two brigades were not afterward engaged, though they went to the front-Corse about one hour after he fell back, and Clingman at about 2.15 p. m. The enemy did not reoccupy the ground from which they drove him before they retired.

In front of Hagood and Johnson the fighting was stubborn and prolonged. The enemy, slowly retiring from Johnson's right, took strong position on the ridge in front of Proctor's Creek, massing near the turnpike and occupying advantageous ground at the house and grove of Charles Friend. At length Johnson, having brushed the enemy from his right flank in the woods, with some assistance from the Washington Artillery, and cleared his front, rested his troops in the shelter of the outer works. One of the captured pieces having opened on the enemy's masses, he finally fell back behind the woods and ridge at Proctor's Creek, though his skirmish line continued the engagement some hours longer.

Further movements were here suspended to wait communication from Whiting or the sound of his approach, and to reorganize the troops which had become more or less disorganized. Brief firing at about 1.45 p. m. gave some hope of his proximity. I waited in vain. The firing heard was probably an encounter between Dearing and the enemy's rear guard. Dearing had been ordered by Whiting

