
CHAFFIN'S FARM.*

Major ALEXANDER W. STARK.

Mathews (Virginia) Artillery, Captain A. D. Armistead.

McComas (Virginia) Artillery, Captain David A. French.

ARTILLERY.

Colonel HILARY P. JONES.

Moseley's Battalion.

Lieutenant Colonel EDGAR R. MOSELEY.

Cumming's (North Carolina) battery.

Miller's (North Carolina) battery.

Slaten's (Georgia) battery.

Young's (Virginia) battery.

Cit's Battalion.

Major JAMES C. COIT.

Bradford's (Mississippi) battery.

Kelly's (South Carolina) battery.

Pegram's (Virginia) battery.

Wright's (Virginia) battery.

Unassigned.

Sturdivant's (Virginia) battery.

Numbers 89. Report of Major General Daniel H. Hill, C. S. Army, of operations May 16.

CAMP NEAR WALTHALL JUNCTION, May 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the following order:

It the desire of the commanding general that you render to these headquarters as soon as practicable an official report of the movements of the command of Major-General Whiting from his line on Swift Creek in this direction as ordered by these headquarters, including the engagement with the enemy while en route.

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

On the morning of the 16th instant, at General Whiting's desire, i accompanied his command, consisting of the brigades of Wise and Martin and Dearing's cavalry. Swift Creek was crossed by the whole command about sunrise, and soon after the Yankee pickets were encountered on Timberry Creek. General Whiting then requested me to accompany the advance on the turnpike, while he attended to the movements of Martin's brigade on the right. I urged that Dearing's cavalry should be brought back and move on our left flank, as I had originally proposed, to gain the rear of the Yankee cavalry on the pike. This was done, but Dearing gained the point just in time to see the escape of the negro cavalry. I had no official position, but General Wise promptly and cordially carried out all my suggestions as though they were responsible orders. When we neared Walthall Junction his brigade was drawn up in line of battle and a battery of Read's battalion opened upon some woods in front, not merely to feel the Yankees, but to inform the commanding general of our presence. Wise's brigade was now ordered forward to the railroad cut, and advanced with all the precision of a parade day and gained that point. Blount's battery was placed in the field on

---------------

*On May 10 belonged to Ransom's command.

---------------

