
In moving to the right to hurry Barton's brigade in that direction, I discovered that my line was moving by a flank to the right, and that Colquitt's and Lewis' brigades had already lapped upon Hoke's division. Inquiry was made and General Hoke replied (he being near me) that he had been using these brigades to good purpose. report was at once sent by a staff officer to General Beauregard as to what had happened, and the whole line had to be moved again to the left and take position just in front of the enemy's rifle-pits and breast-=works, which had been recently taken. After re-establishing this line, which was about 10 o'clock, I reported in person to General Beauregard, and he directed a halt for further arrangements. The infantry held the last position throughout the day. The artillery, under Colonel Lightfoot, was used when it seemed it could be done with effect, but it acted a small part. Colonel Dunovant with his cavalry was well to our left and front, and his regiment did admirable service.

The conduct of the troops throughout was unexceptionable, but the brigades of General Gracie and Colonel Terry deserve special notice; also the regiment of Colonel Lewis, which he so gallantly led at the double-quick against the enemy. It has been impossible to get reports from subordinates, and I trust this meager outline may answer for immediate requirements. In my fully report I shall endeavor to do justice to the gallant men it was my privilege to command on that occasion.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

R. RANSOM, JR.,

Major-General.

Colonel SAMUEL W. MELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of N. C. and Southern Va.

P. S.-In taking the breast-works, 5 stand of colors, 1 brigadier-general, and about 400 prisoners were captured. During the day several parties of prisoners were brought in. Our losses wee not very heavy, but until the returns are made I will to venture a statement.

R. R., JR.

Numbers 91. Report of Brigadier General Seth M. Barton, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations May 10.

RICHMOND, May 16, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose a report of the operations of my brigade on the 10th instant near Drewry's Bluff, and to inform the Department that I have been relieved from command of my brigade by order of Major-General Ransom, dated the 11th instant, a copy of which is herewith inclosed. This order not only violates General orders, Numbers 141, paragraph I, 1863, and General Orders, Numbers 35, paragraph IV, current series, but deprives me of command under circumstances necessarily implying grave censure without informing me of the charges against me, if any there be, or allowing me to be

