
applications for his return was made by his regimental commanders (a copy of which is inclosed*), which application was followed by a similar one from the remaining officers of the brigade, requesting the restoration of General Barton to his command, and expressing their entire confidence in his ability and gallantry. More than three months have elapsed without definite action in the case, during which time much undeserved obloquy has been cast upon the officers and men of the brigade. The indorsement of General Ransom's on the application of regimental commanders for the return of General Barton presents such conflict that justice requires an investigation. We, therefore, respectfully request of the commanding general such action as will tend to elicit all the facts connected with he battle of May 10, 1864, near Chester, touching the conduct of the officers and men of the brigade. The inclosed papers are respectfully forwarded for examination. We respectfully renew the request for the return of General Barton to his brigade.

We have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servants,

WM. WHITE,

Colonel Fourteenth Virginia Regiment.

GEO. K. GRIGGS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Thirty-eighth Virginia Regiment.

W. H. RAMSEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifty-seventh Virginia Infantry.

JAS. J. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding Ninth Virginia Infantry.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. BARTON'S BRIGADE, PICKETT'S DIVISION,August 22, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

Application of regimental commanders warmly approved. Major General R. Ransom, jr., in his indorsement on the paper of May 11, sent up by the regimental commanders of Barton's brigade, makes and tenders an issue of veracity with those officers. We accept it. Justice tot he officers and men of this command, to the memories of those who fell on May 10, 1864, to the service, and to the honor and reputation of this brigade as an integral part of the Army of Norther Virginia, all require that this matter shall be brought to such a conclusion as that the allegations of Major General R. Ransom jr., if susceptible of proof, shall be made good or fail of substantiation.

WM. R. AYLETT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS PICKETT'S DIVISION,August 24, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

A recommendation for an officer to command this brigade was sent up some time since.

G. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.

---------------

*See p. 219.

---------------

