
Thirteenth Indiana Veterans. My loss in the regiment was heavy (64), and none are more regretted than the brave and noble Colonel Cabell, who fell mortally wounded early in the action.

I cannot mention particular instances of gallantry where all acted so well.

The regiment was engaged after this in the trenches around Richmond, operating against Sheridan's raiders, until the battle of Drewry's Bluff, May 16. The brigade, under command of Colonel Fry, formed a part of the attacking force on the left, supporting Hoke's (North Carolina) brigade. Owing to the density of the fog, this brigade was invisible at 40 paces, and having left my front without my knowledge, my regiment was precipitated against the enemy's works, and many were shot down without firing a gun while laboring under the delusion that General Hoke's troops were in our front, and it was not until we were within 20 paces of the enemy that we returned his fire. Then with much reduced ranks a few of the right and many of the left wing entered the enemy's works and captured a good many prisoners. I lost here many good men who had attested their gallantry on many bloody fields.

On the 18th the regiment, with the brigade, took the train for Milford, and marched thence for Spotsylvania. Finding the army falling back, we returned to Hanover Court-House, having marched two days and night on short rations and with little rest. On May 27 the division was recruited and General Pickett took command, to the great joy of all.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. K. GRIGGS,

Commanding Thirty-eighth Virginia Regiment.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR.

Numbers 93. Report of Major General Robert F. Hoke, C. S. Army, commanding division, of operations May 16.
HEADQUARTERS HOKE'S DIVISION,May 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: On Sunday, the 15th instant, the intention to attack the enemy on the morning of the 16th at early light was made known to me by the commanding general while occupying the intermediate line of intrenchments around Drewry's Bluff, and confronting the enemy, who occupied the outer line of said intrenchments, extending his right through the woods in the direction of James River, while his left rested upon an elevated position across the railroad, with his masses immediately in front of our right and resting upon the railroad. The commanding general seeing the right was the weak point of the enemy, determined upon this as the point of attack. The brigades of Colquitt and Ransom were ordered relieved by an extension of my line to the right, which placed my division in line of battle, commencing at Fort Stevens, with Hagood's brigade on the left, Johnson's on his right, then Clingman, with Corse upon his right. These two brigades, under command of General Colquitt, were held

---------------

*For continuation of report, see Vol. XL, Part I.

---------------

