
on my right, but necessity compelled me. In order also to relieve the position of General Jackson, which was our key, I ordered forward Corse with his brigade and Clingman with his two regiments. They went forward in good style, and drove the enemy from their front, but owing to the superior numbers and strong intrenchments they were not able to drive them entirely from their positions.

The commanding general will recollect that I before stated that the strength of the enemy was in front of these two brigades, both in position and forces, and therefore great credit should be given them for their actions. They were both small commands, but did their duty well. At the time the attack was made the enemy left as if our forces were coming on them from all sides, and commenced retreating hastily. The losses of these commands were necessarily heavy, owing to a front attack.

I cannot refrain from calling the attention of the general commanding to the fact that his desire to relieve my command of a front attack by the flank move was in no portion of the line accomplished, in consequence of which my losses are very heavy. My brigade commanders entered into the move with spirit, and rendered every co-operation, for which I am under many obligations. A report of casualties has been furnished. I respectfully call attention to the names who are spoken of for gallantry mentioned in the inclosed reports of the brigade commanders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. HOKE,

Major-General.

Captain J. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 94. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George C. Cabell, Eighteenth Virginia Infantry, Corse's brigade, of operations May 16.

The Eighteenth Virginia at this action [Drewry's Bluff] was still attached to Corse's brigade, then serving in Hoke's division.

The action commenced on the morning of May 16 by an attack on the enemy's right by our left wing. This attack pressing the enemy back induced them to commence a heavy attack upon our front. Several advances of the enemy upon our works were repelled, when at about 9 or 10 o'clock we left the fortifications, having driven back their first line of battle (they advanced in three lines), charged them, and, after a very heavy fight, indeed, beat them, killing and wounding great numbers and taking many prisoners. We suffered, too, very heavily. We pursued the enemy 2 miles or more. While on the charge above alluded to, I was shot down by a minie-ball entering my face and coming out below and behind my left ear, having passed entirely through my face. I was, of course, taken from the field and the command turned over to Colonel Carrington, who, I learned, pushed forward on the charge and made a very brilliant thing of it. This was one of the hardest fought battle s of the war, and the results ought to have been magnificent for our country.

GEO. C. CABELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eighteenth Virginia.

