
of artillery, and driven them gallantly from the field. Their skirmishers at dark were still ont eh skirt of the woods southeast f the Junction. The report of Colonel R. F. Graham is forwarded herewith. I immediately occupied the railroad excavation just southwest of the Junction with my brigade, placing skirmishers in front, Colonel Graham's command occupying a position on my left and front. During the night the remainder of the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-seventh South Carolina Regiments, with their brigade commander (Brigadier-General Hagood), arrived. Major General D. H. Hill, of General Beuregard's staff, reached the Junction in the morning, and by his skill, counsel, and active supervision throughout the period of these operations contributed in an eminent degree to the success attained. At daylight on the 7th instant it was ascertained that the enemy had entirely retired from our immediate front. Through scouts we learned that their forces were in the vicinity of Ware Bottom Church and at Cobb's farm. For the most reliable information I wa indebted to Roger A. Pryor, who was active, tireless, and daring in reconnaissances. At about 10 o'clock it was resolved to advance toward the church, with a view to feel the strength and position of the enemy. General Hagood was ordered to move in front, with Johnson's brigade in support. The head of the column had not advanced more than a mile when General Hill, who had gone to the front to make a personal examination, returned and reported the enemy's cavalry advancing immediately upon us at about 300 yards distance from our column. General Hagood was directed to bring his leading regiment into lien and advance its skirmishers. Subsequently another regiment was advanced and formed on a line with the first. These regiments were for nearly an hour engaged in a sharp skirmish with the enemy. The movements of the enemy's infantry seeming to indicate a purpose to flank these regiments on their left, they were retired to our line of battle on the railroad.

In the mean time the enemy had shown a considerable force in two lines-four regiments of infantry and a battery of artillery-in front of our right, near the house of Mrs. Dunn. Skirmishers from Colonel Graham's regiment wee advanced to attract the attention of this force, and a section of Hankins' battery, supported by two regiments of Johnson's brigade, was advanced under cover of the woods on the right of Pot Walthall railroad to fire on the enemy's infantry. A few rounds from the artillery drove the infantry under cover of adjacent grounds. The fire of the artillery appearing no longer effective, and the movements of the enemy indicating a purpose to make a general attack, I thought it best to preserve a compact line; consequently, our artillery and infantry were withdrawn to the line of the railroad. The enemy soon appeared in two lines on the open grounds and skirting the woods ont he high ground east of the Junction and of Ashton Creek, fronting Hagood's brigade, stationed on my left. At the same time they also reappeared int heir original force in the vicinity of Mrs. Dunn's house, threatening Johnson's brigade on my right. Aided by General Hill, I placed two pieces of artillery on the left of Craig's house, threatening Johnson's brigade on my right. Aided by General Hill, I placed two pieces of artillery on the left, of Craig's house to pen on the enemy in the vicinity of Mrs. Dunn's, and fur pieces behind the railroad or west of it, near the water-tank, to play upon the enemy's infantry east of Ashton Creek.

Subsequently one of these latter pieces was removed to a piece of high ground farther north, on the south side of the railroad, affording a more direct fire on the enemy. Tow other guns which came

