
was anticipated and finding that he was moving to our right, we retired to our first position on the line of the railroad, now become the right of our line of battle. Here we remained during the rest of the day. The enemy did not advance on our position, consequently, with the exception of some skirmishing and cannonading, we were not otherwise molested. Our casualties are as follows: Wounded, 7 privates; missing, 1 private.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. FULTON,

Colonel.

Captain R. E. FOOTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 97. Report of Colonel R. H. Keeble, Twenty-third Tennessee Infantry, commanding Seventeenth and Twenty-third Tennessee Infantry, of operations May 4-16.
HDQRS. 17TH AND 23rd TENNESSEE REGIMENTS,May 22, 1864.

GENERAL: In compliance with circular orders from your headquarters of this date, I herewith most respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the battle of Drewry's Bluff, May 16, 1864:

Before, however, entering upon a detailed account of this action it may not be amiss to take a cursory view of the movements of this regiment for some days previous. After an arduous and fatiguing campaign in East Tennessee during the winter and spring, under Lieutenant-General Longstreet, we were ordered from Abingdon, Va., to Richmond on May 2, which point we reached on our about May 5. Having remained in the city one night, we were ordered to Chaffin's Bluff, to relieve a brigade which had been stationed there for some months past. To this point we proceeded, and, in comfortable quarters, thought that here for awhile we would rest, recruit up; become more thoroughly organized for future operations. It was not thus destined, however. One brief hour was our stay at this apparently comfortable encampment, when we were ordered to proceed without delay to cross the river to Drewry's Bluff, the enemy having been reported as advancing on the south side of the river.

We succeeded in getting all over by sunrise the next morning. Here we remained for a few hours, when we were ordered to Walthall Junction, where we remained in line of battle until the night following, being under fire and skirmishing with the enemy. Thence we marched to Petersburg, where, having forme dour line, we remained until ordered back to Drewry's Bluff. While here we were constantly skirmishing with the enemy during the day and throwing up intrenchments during the night.

Finally we moved from Petersburg on the 11th instant in the direction of Drewry's Bluff, and reached the outer line of fortifications on the 12th instant. I was immediately put in position on the right of the road, my left resting upon the Petersburg and Richmond turnpike and my right resting upon the left of the Sixty-third Tennessee Regiment. This position we occupied until ordered to evacuate the line and retire to the inner of fortifications on the 14th instant.

