
most distinguished gallantry, and are all entitled to marks of distinction for their skill and ability. Lieutenant-Colonel Floyd was mortally wounded in the faithful discharge of his duty. Among the privates who deserve special mention is Archer Neill, a young man of great worth and fine military education. he fell mortally wounded among the foremost in the charge upon the breast-works. There are many others who deserve credit for the manner in which they acted, but whose names are unknown. I trust that in due time justice will be done them all.

Soon after the action General Ransom's division came up, when the brigade-all that was left of it-reformed and moved to the left of the turnpike. While there I was put temporarily in command of the brigade, and the command of the regiment devolved upon Major J. G. Lowe. There we remained until we were moved by the right flank and ordered to close up on General Clingman. The battle, however, was then over.

Most respectfully submitted.

R. H. KEEBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

General B. R. JOHNSON.

Numbers 98. Report of Captain William N. James, commanding Twenty-fifth and Forty-fourth Tennessee Infantry, of operations May 16.
HDQRS. 44TH AND 25TH TENNESSEE REGIMENTS,May 22, 1864.

I have the honor to make a report of the part taken by the Forty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Tennessee Regiments in the engagement of May 16 instant, near Drewry's Bluff.

About 3 a. m. skirmishers were sent out from this regiment, composed of First, Fourth, and a detachment of 10 men from second company. A brisk fire was opened upon the enemy's skirmishers, who were drive back tot their intrenchments. In this skirmish we sustained a loss of 5 men wounded from first company and 1 man missing from fourth company. About 4 a. m. the regiment moved with the brigade by the left flank from our second line of intrenchments along the Richmond and Petersburg dirt road, where we came under fire of the enemy's batteries, and on reaching the cabins recently used as brigade (Johnson's) headquarters we formed line o battle by the movement of "forward into line" in double-quick time, and moved against the enemy, who were now occupying our first line of breast-works, and who were delivering upon us an extremely heavy and fatal fire of both musketry and artillery.

We were about 100 yards from the breast-works, or less, when Lieutenant Colonel J. L. McEwen received a severe wound in the right leg, disabling him from further command. he ordered Major McCarver to hold the position at the risk of the loss of every man. Major McCarver took command and pressed forward, and we engaged the enemy. We were now near our first line of breast-works, then occupied by the enemy in position on the east side. The left of the regiment got to the breast-works first, a marching a little obliquely. The enemy met the left wing of the regiment with a well-directed fire of musketry and demanded a surrender.

