
boats in the James. It was from this latter station that the enemy's movements across the James were discovered and reported, and some of their important signal dispatches intercepted.*

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Dept. of Va. and N. C.

Major R. L. DAVIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Va. and N. C.

5. Reports of Captain Gustavus S. Dana, Signal Corps U. S. Army, including operations April 17-June 19.
HDQRS. SIGNAL DETACHMENT TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., June 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations from the time of leaving the Department of the South until May 31, 1864:

On the 17th of April, 1864, I embarked on the steamer Northern Light, in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 163, headquarters Department of the South, accompanied by First Lieuts. Wilson Bryan and Charles F. Cross, and Second Lieuts. Charles Weihl, Fred, J. Amsden, W. W. Clemens, Oscar B. Ireland, Nathan B. Roberts, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, and Second Lieutenant Frank L. Morrill, acting signal officer, and 36 men. Arrived at Gloucester Point, Va., where we encamped, April 22. An officer was immediately stationed at corps headquarters, Fort Keyes, to communicate with General Smith's headquarters at Yorktown. In obedience to orders received from headquarters Department of Virginia and North Carolina, I reported to Captain L. B. Norton, chief signal officer, Department of Virginia and North Carolina, on the 24th of April. Soon after reaching Gloucester Point I made requisition for the necessary supplies for the outfit of my party, which was only partly furnished; even now not half my men are mounted. On the 3rd of May I received orders from General A. H. Terry, temporarily commanding Tenth Army Corps, to assign an officer to each division and brigade, as far as possible, and accordingly made the following disposition of my party: First Lieutenant Charles F. Cross, First Division; First Lieutenant Wilson Bryan, Second Division; Second Lieutenant F. J. Amsden, Third Division; Second Lieutenant N. B. Roberts, First Brigade, First Division; Second Lieutenant Charles Weihl, Third Brigade, First Division; Second Lieutenant W. W. Clemens, First Brigade, Second Division; Second Lieutenant F. L. Morrill, First Brigade, Third Division; Second Lieutenant Oscar B. Ireland and myself to accompany corps headquarters. I also assigned Sergts. S. M. Reed and J. D. Emerson with signal equipments, for temporary duty to Second Brigade, First Division, and Second Brigade, Second Division, respectively. Communication between headquarters Tenth Army Corps, and Yorktown was discontinued on the evening of May 4 and by daylight the next morning the troops had all embarked on

---------------

*For continuation of reports, see Vol. XL., Part I.

---------------

