
Numbers 99. Report of Colonel Abraham Fulkerson, Sixty-third Tennessee Infantry, of operations May 9.
HDQRS. SIXTY-THIRD TENNESSEE INFANTRY,Before Bermuda Hundred, June 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken in the affair at Swift Creek, May 9, 1864, by the Sixty- third Regiment:

When the brigade occupied the line behind Swift Creek my regiment was posted at Level Ford, 1 1/2 miles below the Dunlap house, from which point Captain Millard, Company E, was deployed as skirmishers to the right and left-connecting with the Seventeenth and Twenty-third Tennessee on the left, and the Forty-fourth and Twenty-fifth on the right-at a point half a mile from Fort Clifton, holding a line near 2 1/2 miles in length. This was on May 8.

Early on the morning of the 9th the enemy appeared on the bluffs on the opposite side of the creek, when sharp skirmishing commenced and was kept up from the ford or center to the left throughout the day and until a late hour at night. About 12 o'clock on the 9th I was ordered to leave a heavy line of skirmishers along the line of the creek, and occupy the rifle-works in front of Dunlap's house with the reserve. The skirmish line was strengthened by the addition of Companies B, H, and I, and Lieutenant-Colonel Aiken place din charge of the line. This part of the line was successfully held until relieved on the morning of the 10th, though during the night the enemy effected a crossing at the angle opposite the Dunlap house, and succeeded in getting a piece of artillery to the water's edge. This force was driven back promptly with a detachment from the right of the line, under Captain C. R. Millard. Late in the evening of the 9th the enemy's line of skirmishers was advanced to a fence within 500 or 600 yards of Dunlap's house. From this position their sharpshooters were enabled to annoy our line considerably. About dusk General Johnson, through Captain Blakemore, requested me to drive the line back. Companies A and K, under Captain J. W. Robertson, were detached and directed to cross the creek near the left of the enemy's line and to attack it in flank. The companies were then deployed in front, and a charge ordered and executed satisfactorily. The line fell back in confusion, with a loss of 2 killed. The enemy's reserve, supposed to be a brigade, fired a volley into our line and made an effort to charge it, but to no purpose. Captain Robertson held the line until a late hour at night, when he was relieved by two companies from a North Carolina regiment.

James Carroll, Company A, was slightly wounded in the charge on the night of the 9th. Several others were slightly injured, but did not leave the field and were not reported as wounded. Captain Robertson was among the number.

After being relieved by a North Carolina regiment, the reserve of my regiment marched back to Level Ford, where it remained until relieved on the morning of the 10th instant.

Very respectfully,

A. FULKERSON,

Colonel.

Captain R. E. FOOTE, Asst. Adjt. General

