
without serious loss, the brigade capturing the battery of five pieces before referred to and several prisoners. My men now occupied this outer line, a desultory exchange of shots going on between it and the enemy's second line of works. Three companies of the Twenty-fifth Regiment, on my extreme right, were also at this time thrown back perpendicular to my front, to assist by a flank fire Johnson's brigade, which was driving the enemy from the portion of the outer line on my right.

General Ransom's division had now, in accordance with the plan of battle, advanced some 300 yards in front of my left and was pivoting upon its right, to sweep the enemy by a flank attack from the woods and works in front of our center. At this time I was ordered by the division commander to change front toward to the right and form line of battle parallel to the turnpike. In accomplishing this, my left drove the enemy from that portion of their second line of works, which it struck, and the whole movement was much impeded turnpike with, my line at right angles to the general line of battle, General Ransom's division advancing in echelon full 800 yards upon and in rear of my left; the enemy firing obliquely upon my rear from the woods between General Ransom and myself, and I was immediately attacked by a heavy force in my front. The position was obstinately held, in the hope that the advance of the division on my left and the brigade on my right would relieve me. Seeing, however, that the brigade was suffering severely, and the regiment on the left having, under orders of its colonel (properly given under the circumstances), begun to retire from the heavy pressure of the enemy upon its flank, I directed the resumption of our former position, behind our outer line of works. The enemy almost immediately retreated from my immediate front.

Subsequently my brigade was put in position to protect the right flank of the division from an apprehended attack, which did not occur, and Colonel Gaillard's regiment (Twenty-seventh) was detached to assist General Ransom's farther advance down the general line of battle.

The brigade generally behaved with a steadiness and gallantry that was extremely gratifying. Colonel Gantt, Colonel Gaillard, Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson, Major Glover, and Captain Wilds, commanding regiments, discharged their duty with marked ability. Major Rion, of the Seventh South Carolina Battalion, and Captain Brooks, of the same, behaved with conspicuous gallantry, continuing with their commands, the former throughout the day, and the latter until I ordered him to the rear after he had received three severe wounds. The severity of the fire of the enemy is illustrated by the fact that fifty-seven bullet marks were found upon the flag of the Seventh Battalion South Carolina Volunteers, after the fight, and in one of its companies there were 65 casualties, of which 19 were killed outright. The general list of casualties appended will show that the losses of this battalion were scarcely exceptional.

My staff-Captain Molony and Lieutenants Mazyck and Martin-behaved with great gallantry and marked efficiency. They were all dismounted by the enemy's fire during the fight, Captain Molony having a second horse, which he obtained during the day, killed. I also desire to mention for meritorious conduct, coming under my immediate observation, the name of Private J. K. Williams, of the Twenty-seventh. The casualties of the brigade were 433. Its field

