
return of the preceding day was 2,235. I append a list of names mentioned for gallantry by regimental commanders, many of which came also under my observation.

A number of prisoners were captured by the brigade, but as they were hurried immediately to the rear, I can only estimate the number loosely at 300, including several officers. The battery captured consisted of three Napoleons and two 20-pounder Parrotts, fully equipped, and was turned over to Colonel Waddy, with a request that it be assigned to Captain Owen, of the Washington Artillery, whose fire assisted us materially in its capture.

I am, captain, respectfully,

JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain ADAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Officers and men mentioned for gallant conduct by regimental commanders.

In Twenty-seventh Regiment South Carolina Volunteers: Lieutenant Gelling, Company C, acting adjutant; Color Bearer Tupper; Private H. P. Foster, Company D, of color guard; First Sergt. Pickens B. Watts, Company F.

In Seventh Battalion South Carolina Volunteers: Sergt. J. H. Outz, Company H, color-bearer, killed.

In Eleventh Regiment South Carolina Volunteers: Lieutenant H. W. G. Bowman, Company B; Color-Sergeant Hickman, Privates J. Jones, A. P. Bulger, and G. W. Hicks, Company K; A. Mixson, Company F.

In Twenty-fifth South Carolina Volunteers: Privates W. A. Doterer, Company A, and Wise, Company F; Sergt. Benjamin P. Izlar, Private Ira T. Shoemaker, Company G; Sergt. H. J. Greer, Company B.

Numbers 101. Report of Colonel Robert F. Graham, Twenty-first South Carolina Infantry, of operations May 6.

HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST SOUTH CAROLINA VOLS.

Port Walthall Junction, May 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I arrived at Petersburg on yesterday, the 6th instant, with three companies of the Twenty-first South Carolina Volunteers and three companies of the Twenty-fifth South Carolina Volunteers, numbering about 300 men; that I was immediately ordered with this force to port Walthall Junction by Major-General Pickett, with instructions to defend the railroad at that point. I arrived at the Junction at about 4.45 p. m., and there found 300 men of the Twenty-first South Carolina Volunteers, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Dargan, who had arrived there from Drewry's Bluff about one hour previous. I discovered soon after arriving that the enemy were in heavy force in front. i immediately chose my position and formed my line of battle some 300 yards east of railroad. I had hardly formed my line when I was attacked by a force estimated to be at least two brigades, with several pieces of artillery. They were driven back in confusion. They again formed for an attack and attempted to turn my left flank.

