
Numbers 107. Report of Major Alexander W. Stark, Stark's Battalion Virginia Artillery, of the captured of the U. S. gun-boat Shawsheen, at Turnkey Island, May 7.
HEADQUARTERS BATTALION LIGHT ARTILLERY,Taylor's Farm, near Chaffin's, May 8, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to instructions on the evening of the 6th instant I proceeded with eight pieces of artillery, manned by Armistead's and French's batteries, in company with a detachment from the Twenty-fifth Battalion Virginia Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Elliott commanding, in the direction of Deep Bottom, to attack the enemy's gun-boats reported off that point. A halt was made at Sweeny's until the exact position of the boats could be known. At sunrise on yesterday it was ascertained that about thirteen vessels, seven being iron-clads, were anchored abreast of Curl's Neck Swamp, or Marsh, and could not be approached within 2 miles. About 10 a. m. a gun-boat was observed at anchor near Turkey Island plantation, engaged in burning barns, houses, &amp;c. Five 12-pounder Napoleons and one 12-pounder howitzer were moved down and placed in position and opened upon the steamer, which surrendered in about ten minutes. The vessel proved to be the gun-boat Shawsheen, armed with one 30-pounder Parrott, one 20-pounder Parrott, and one 12-pounder Dahlgren howitzer, and manned by about 35 men. The prisoners, to the number of 27, were immediately landed, and the boat destroyed to prevent her recapture by two iron-clads that were rapidly bearing down upon us. No casualties occurred on our side. The artillery returned to camp last evening.

Respectfully submitted.

A. W. STARK,

Major, Commanding Artillery.

Captain C. F. LINTHICUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Though Lieutenant Colonel Elliott, comdg. 25th Batt. Va. Infty.)

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF RICHMOND,May 20, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

This affair reflects credit upon the parties concerned, and it gives me pleasure to bring to the favorable notice of the Department Major Stark, commanding battalion of artillery.

R. RANSOM, JR.,

Major-General.

Numbers 108. Report of Brigadier General Stephen Elliott, jr., C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations June 2.
HEADQUARTERS ELLIOTT'S BRIGADE,June 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in pursuance of orders, I pushed forward at sunrise this morning a strong line of skirmishers along the entire front of my brigade in the direction of the enemy's

