
of which one must come up with the enemy to-day. This being a central point, I shall await further information before leaving it, but will have a courier stand at Blacks and Whites. If there were a telegraph station there it would contribute much toward the embarrassment of the enemy.

It is rumored that General Dearing (Confederate) with his cavalry brigade is near Petersburg, waiting an opportunity to come up with Kautz.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. THENHOLM,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain G. B. LAMAR,

Aide-de-Camp, Burkeville.

I think Dearing is only a colonel, and has but a regiment.
HEADQUARTERS SQUADRON CAVALRY,Blacks and Whites, May 16, 1864-p. m.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, upon information received from Mr. Crenshaw, the railroad agent at this place, who rode post after me with it, that the enemy had certainly encamped at Jonesborough last night, and had there burned the mill known as Crallis'. I returned here with my command to await advices from my scouting parties. Had there been any other cavalry between Jonesborough and the Danville railroad, I should have gone on south of the Nottoway, but under existing circumstances considered it imprudent to run any risk whatever of not being able to get between the enemy and the railroad, would he turn in that direction. It now appears that Mr. Crenshaw's information was not correct, but that the enemy have marched with great rapidity directly to Lawrenceville, where they encamped last night, and that this morning they went on toward Belfield, leaving Lawrenceville at 8 o'clock. I had written this much when, expecting a courier from my own scouts, I delayed the letter to send the information so received. General McLaws' courier has now arrived with his letter. my dispatch of 6 o'clock was written: "The enemy did not encamp in this vicinity last night, but at Lawrenceville, "&amp;c., and I regret that it was not correctly rendered. The only information I have so far is from citizens, except that a courier from the party of the Fifth South Carolina, who are following the enemy, passed here at dark and told me that their whole force encamped at Lawrenceville and left there at 8 o'clock this morning, in the direction of Belfield. I have received no report yet from my scouts, but have heard from others of their whereabouts, one party on each side of the enemy's route. I therefore infer that the enemy must be marching directly forward and that neither party has yet come up with him.

It is certain that no force of the enemy encamped at Jonesborough last night, and that no mills were burned by them in that vicinity. I have been able to find no ene now who will own having originated the story of their movement toward Lunenburg, and have no intelligence of their being in that county, beyond the information received this morning from Mr. Crenshaw, which now is ascertained to have been incorrect. The moment I receive anything certain I will forward it with the utmost speed, but having suffered the morti-

