
It affords satisfaction to report that in this affair the troops engaged under my command were fully equal to the requirements of the occasion, and i desire especially to commend the excellent performance of the artillery under Major A. W. Stark, who did everything which the occasion demanded of them with energy and promptness. There is occasion also for thankfulness that in this affair we sustained no loss whatever.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. M. ELLIOTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. F. LINTHICUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 24, 1864.-Action at Wilson's Wharf, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Benjamin F. Butler, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Edward W. Hinks, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, Eighteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 3.-Brigadier General Edward A. Wild, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 4.-Lieutenant Julius M. Swain, Signal Officer, U. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Benjamin F. Butler, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina.
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD,May 25, 1864-7.30 a. m. (Received 5 p. m.)

Major General Fitzhugh Lee, lately promoted, made, with cavalry, infantry, and artillery, an attack upon my post at Wilson's Wharf, north side of James River, below Fort Powhatan, garrisoned by two regiments, all negro troops, Brigadier-General Wild commanding, and was handsomely repulsed. Before the attack Lee sent a flag, stating he had force enough to take the place, demanded its surrender, and in that case the garrison should be turned over to the authorities at Richmond as prisoners of war, but if this proposition was rejected he would not be answerable for war, but if this proposition was rejected he would not be answerable for consequences when he took the place. General Wild replied, "We will try that." Re-enforcements were at once sent, but fight was over before their arrival. Loss not yet reported. Dispatch relating to Lee being over South Anna received. Will be ready to move on the instant.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

May 25, 1864-11 a. m. (Received 9 p. m.)

General Fitzhugh Lee abandoned his attack on our post on Wilson's Wharf during the night, having completely failed. He lost 20 killed, whom he left on the ground in our hands. Among these is re-

