
ported Major Breckinridge, of the Second Virginia Cavalry. He removed his wounded. We took 19 prisoners from him. Our own loss is 1 man killed, 20 wounded, and 2 missing. The defense was commanded by Brigadier-General Wild in person, commanding a force of 1,800 men, all of whom were negroes.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Edward W. Hinks, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, Eighteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,City Point, Va., May 25, 1864.

GENERAL: All is now quiet at Wilson's Wharf, the enemy having abandoned the attack during the night. Our loss is 1 man killed, 20 wounded, and 2 missing. The enemy's loss, Major Breckinridge, of the Second Virginia Cavalry, and about 20 men killed and left on the ground; 19 prisoners. Their wounded were removed.

E. W. HINKS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina.

Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General Edward A. Wild, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 18TH ARMY CORPS,Wilson's Wharf, Va., May 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that this post was attacked yesterday at noon by a considerable force of the enemy, supposed to be cavalry, having three guns, probably horse artillery. The attack was evidently made in earnest, with a design of rushing in upon us suddenly, but they received so decided a check from our pickets, that a large portion of the force dismounted and made their approach more cautiously. They encompassed our front, and filling the woods on the river bluff to the north, tried to stop all communication with steamers coming to our aid, and harassed our landing place. They also made it uncomfortable for the gunners to serve their pieces on our gun-boats. After fighting an hour and a half, they sent forward a flag of truce, with a note containing a summons to surrender in the name of Major General Fitz. Lee. This note was forwarded to department headquarters yesterday. I declined. We then went at it again. They massed troops on our extreme right, concealed by wooded ravines, and made a determined charge, at the same time keeping up a steady attack all along our front and left flank. This charge approached our parapet, but failed under our severe cross-

