
Numbers 8.-Lieutenant Colonel Lorenzo Meeker, Sixth Connecticut Infantry.

Numbers 9.-Captain Theodore Bacon, Seventh Connecticut Infantry.

Numbers 10.-Lieutenant Colonel Josiah I. Plimpton, Third New Hampshire Infantry.

Numbers 11.-Colonel Joseph C. Abbott, Seventh New Hampshire Infantry.

Numbers 12.-Brigadier General Edward W. Hinks, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division Eighteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 13.-Brigadier General August V. Kautz, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division.

Numbers 14.-Lieutenant Colonel Everton J. Conger, First District of Columbia Cavalry, First Brigade.

Numbers 15.-Colonel Samuel P. Spear, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 16.-Lieutenant J. Frank Cummings, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 17.-Lieutenant Colonel Christopher Kleinz, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Numbers 18.-Congratulatory orders from Brigadier General Henry A. Wise, C. S. Army, commanding First Military District, Department of North Carolina and Southern Virginia.

Numbers 19.-Brigadier General Raleigh E. Colston, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Benjamin F. Butler, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina.
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD, June 10, 1864.

(Via Fort Monroe, 1 a. m. 11th. Received 9.20 a. m.)

All quiet along our lines. Yesterday General Kautz charged enemy's works at Petersburg, and carried them, penetrating the town, but not being supported by General Gillmore, who had withdrawn his forces without a conflict, General Kautz was obliged to withdraw without further effect. General Kautz captured 40 prisoners and 1 piece of artillery, which he brought away with him. It is a misfortune that General Gillmore did not support him. Might I not have the Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Regiment from Point Lookout? The regiments ought to hold the prisoners there.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,Major-General, Commanding.

Ho. EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, June 10, 1864-1.20 p. m.

General GILLMORE:

Between now and 5 o'clock you will forward to me a written report of the orders under which you acted in the movement on Petersburg, stating specially the times at which you were ordered to act and move; the times in which you did move; the attack made; the nearness with which your column reached the enemy's works; how far in the advance or rear you were of General Hinks' column; how far you were separated from him; who was to make the feint, and who the real attack. Give the plan agreed upon by you; the number of men lost in killed or wounded in any attack made, and a full description of the attack, with such a report as shall give a clear and concise

18 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT II

