
narration of what you did and what was omitted to be done; the time you left your most advanced position, and also a duplicate of all orders, either verbal or written, given to General Hinks, distinguishing between the two, and giving the [time] they were sent. You will carefully note each particular of this order, and see that each is answered that you had with you, independent of General Kautz' and Hinks' commands. You need not give any report of the operations of either Kautz or Hinks.

I have ordered a specific hour for this report because I have never yet received from you any report of your operations since you have been on this line. This order is imperative. You will acknowledge receipt by telegraph.

By command of Major-General Butler:

C. J. PAINE,

Colonel, Acting Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, June 11, 1864.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding Tenth Army Corps, &amp;c., Line of Entrenchments:

GENERAL: I have received your official report* sent to me in obedience as to time but not in compliance with my orders of the 10th of June in regard to the movement upon Petersburg. Your note to Colonel Shaffer, chief of staff, has been shown me acknowledging receipt of that officer's note containing the indorsement upon your report of June 10, and requesting a copy of the orders you have disobeyed. Of course you know the orders you have received, and I will with care and in detail set forth wherein I believe them to have been disobeyed. This is due to you as well as myself.

In relation to your request for a court of inquiry, it shall be granted you so far as the operations of the 8th, 9th and 10th of June, of which alone I have any report thereof, are concerned. Such I expected and hoped would be the legitimate result of the indorsement on your report. Your demand of a court of inquiry into all your official acts and conduct while serving in this department is entirely inadmissible, and as it seems to me from the very good reason that no report having been made by you of any of your other operations, I have no official knowledge by which I can either approve or condemn that conduct, and it would seem to be manifestly improper to grant a court of inquiry upon conduct never officially reported for approval or disapproval. It is possible that when your report of your other operations shall come in there may be no difference of opinion, and therefore nothing go be the subject of inquiry.

I must call your attention to the mistake in your note of this day which states that I ask for details which could only be obtained from subordinate reports. If you will turn tot he order of the 10th, you will find that you were expressly required only to state your own acts and omissions, and the orders you yourself gave to General Hinks. Instead of complying in this particular, you sent

---------------

*See p. 287.

---------------

