
bank of the Appomattox River via Battery Numbers 6, thence to Spring Hill. The accompanying map* shows the stations worked by this party also those with which we are in communications.

I take pleasure in stating that I have been ably seconded in all my efforts since leaving the Department of the South, each and every officer and man having done his whole duty nobly, nearly every station being worked under fire frequently, gaining, much praise from the commanding officer. Having suffered from ill health almost continually since leaving the Department of the South, I applied for and received leave of absence to go North for thirty days,

leaving this department June 19.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, yours,

G. S. DANA,

Captain, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

Captain L. B. NORTON,

Chief Signal Officer, Dept. of Va. and N. C.

Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant Silvester B. Partridge, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, of operations May 9.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, 18TH ARMY CORPS,City Point, Va., May 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of operations during yesterday May 9:

I accompanied General Hinks, on a reconnaissance toward Petersburg, Va., taking with me 1 flagman. I endeavored from several points do discover the position of General W. F. Smith and to communicate with him, but he was not at any time in sight. General Graham moved up the Appomattox River with his gun-boats. When he came within range of the rebel battery called Fort Clinton it opened on his boats. General Hinks brought his force into position in sight of the battery. The gun-boats replied with apparently some effect, but as the enemy occupied a very elevated position, he had a decided advantage.

The following messages passed between General Hinks and General Graham by signal, there being a signal sergeant with the latter officer:

General HINKS:

Have you heard anything from Smith?

1.30 P. M.

GRAHAM,

General.

General GRAHAM:

No.

HINKS,

General.

1.45 P. M.

General HINKS:

Will you send a battery to take that fort?

GRAHAM,

General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

