
surprise and capture of the city was on the Jerusalem plank road coming to Petersburg from a southerly direction. On the two first roads (i. e., the City Point road and the Prince George Court-House road, upon which was General Gillmore's column) the enemy appeared in considerable numbers as early as 7 o'clock, and this skirmishing was kept up for some time.

I also inclose a copy of the map* furnished General Gillmore, with a sketch of the line of fortifications, and an indication of his and General Hinks' position and General Kautz's attack.

I inclose official copies of General Hinks' and General Kautz' reports of the same movement without indorsement, as they have been sufficiently commented upon in my reply to General Gillmore, furnished at his request.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Near Point of Rocks, Va., June 14, 1864.

Major General Q. A GILLMORE,

U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor respectfully to inform you that an official copy of your report has been forwarded to Washington, with the indorsement thereon suggested in the note from the chief of staff. Also that the paper headed "Statement of conversation between Lieutenant Barnard, aide-de-camp, and General Hinks"+ was not received until the day after your report was received an acted upon, and as it is a paper not called for by my order directing your report, and is not such a paper as should, in my judgment, be the foundation of official action, it has not been forwarded to Washington. Your attention is called again to the fact that it does not state the orders which you gave, but is what it purports to be a statement of conversation passed between General Hinks and that officer. I have also the honor to inform you that a steamer will be ready at once to take you to Fortress Monroe.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS.] HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. CAROLINA,In the Field, near Point of Rocks, Va., June 14, 1864.

I. Major General Q. A. Gillmore, having requested a court of inquiry upon his official action in the expedition to Petersburg because of the indorsement of disapproval upon his report of his conduct made by the commanding general thereon, his request is granted, and the court will be convened as soon as the interest of the public service will permit.

II. Major General Q. A. Gillmore is relieved of his command, and will proceed to fortress Monroe forthwith, to await the action of the court of inquiry requested by him.

III. The staff of Major-General Gillmore, except his aides-de-camp, will report to Brigadier-General Terry, the senior officer, com-

---------------

*To appear in Atlas.

+See p. 295.

---------------

