
[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS.] HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. CAROLINA,In the Field, Va., June 17, 1864.

So much of special orders from these headquarters as relieved Major-General Gillmore of the command of the troops of the Tenth Army Corps, serving in this department, is withdrawn as of the date of its issue, to wit, June 14, 1864.

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 36. City Point, Va., June 17, 1864.

* * * * * * *

2. Major General Q. A. Gillmore, U. S. Volunteers, is, at his own request, hereby relieved from command of the Tenth Army Corps, serving in the Department of Virginia and North Carolina, to take effect and date from June 14 instant, and will proceed to Washington, D. C., and report to the Adjutant-General of the Army for orders. His personal staff has permission to accompany him.

* * * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Major General Quincy A. Gillmore, U. S. Army, commanding Tenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Hatcher's Va., June 10, 1864.

GENERAL: I have to report as follows in regard to the movement on Petersburg yesterday;

On the day before, about noon, I was directed by you to get ready 1,800 infantry of my command to take part in this movement. You also informed me that General Kautz, with about 1,200 cavalry, and General Hinsk, with 1,200 or 1,300 infantry, would co-operate in the movement. On the evening of the 8th I received your verbal instructions to take command of the movement and get the troops that were to be drawn from the entrenchments across the Appomattox by midnight. Generals Kautz and Hinks had received all their preparatory instructions from yourself. Colonel Hawley commanded the infantry drawn from the entrenchments. His command comprised the Seventh Connecticut, [Third New Hampshire], Seventh New Hampshire, Sixth Connecticut, and the Sixty-second Ohio Volunteers. Owing to the darkness of the night some of the regiments lost the road to the pontoon bridge, so that General Kautz and Col-

