
outside. As soon as the nature of the works in our front was ascertained I was convinced that an assault upon them would in all probability fail, and I ordered the two positions to be maintained, expecting every moment to hear of General Kautz, who was expected to reach the enemy's works at 9 o'clock. General Hinks and Colonel Hawley were about a mile apart. About 1 o'clock, in order to get them together, I directed them to withdraw to junction of road in front of Baylor's, where I waited until after 3 o'clock to hear from General Kautz. Receiving no information from that quarter I concluded that he had taken his command on a raid, as directed or authorized by you. I then withdrew to saw-mill, where I remained about an hour, and then marched back to our entrenchments. I received no communication from General Kautz during the day. It was no part of the plan to assault the enemy's works on the right, where it was known they have an interior line of redoubts, unless there was a strong probability of success, or until General Kautz's attack should divert them. It was and is my opinion, coincided in by my principal officers, that the works could not have been carried by the force we had.

I had no official returns of killed and wounded. My loss was very slight-25 killed and wounded will probably cover it all outside of Kautz's command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina.

[Indorsement.]

Report of the expedition of which General Gillmore volunteered to take command entirely unsatisfactory; it fails to comply in many particulars with the order requiring it; states tiems, orders, and occurrences with much inaccuracy. The conduct of the expedition, as disclosed by it, and in fact, was dilatory and ill-judged. The demonstration, too feeble to be called an attack, was in direct disobedience to orders. The whole affair, in view of the forces known to be opposed, was most disgraceful to the Union arms.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,June 10, 1864. (Received 8 p. m.)

In my report sent in this afternoon please insert the Third New Hampshire as part of Hawley's brigade.

Very respectfully,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

General BUTLER,

Commanding.

19 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT II

