
ADDENDA.

JUNE 9, 1864-8.25 [p. m.]

General GILLMORE:

I have ordered your escort back. General Kautz is at my quarters, having come from the inner line of entrenchments of Petersburg, having carried the outer and only line of entrenchments.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,June 9, 1864-9 p. m. (Received 9.10 p. m.)

Major-General BUTLER:

It seems very strange that General Kautz did not communicate with me at all, knowing as he did that my command was in two parts, beyond supporting distance of each other, and that circumstances might render it necessary to draw them back and get them together, as was the case. It was not until after 3.15 that my command was more than twenty minutes' march from the entrenchments, waiting there to hear from General Kautz.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND N. CAROLINA,In the Field, June 11, 1864.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding Tenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your report of the demonstration upon Petersburg will be forwarded to headquarters of the Army, and a copy to the War Department, with the following indorsement:

Report of the expedition of which General Gillmore volunteered to take command is entirely unsatisfactory; it fails to comply with the order requiring it in many particulars; it states times, orders, and occurrences with much inaccuracy. The conduct of the expedition, as disclosed by it, and in fact, was dilatory and ill judged; the demonstration upon the enemy too feeble to be called an attack-was in direct disobedience to orders. The whole affair, in view of the forces known to be opposed, was disgraceful to the Union arms.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

This should have been sent you this morning, as it was forwarded to me this morning for transmittal, but overlooked.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. SHAFFER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,June 12, 1864-1 a. m.

Colonel J. W. SHAFFER,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c.:

Your note of last evening is received. As I consider the indorsement, which you say the major-general commanding intends to send to Washington with my report of the demonstration against Petersburg on the 9th, to be not only unmerited and unjust, but not sustained by facts, it only remains for me to deny respectfully, but

