
ing consulted my watch just before mounting. At a little after 6 a. m. a small party of cavalry belonging to your escort, and marching a short distance in advance of the head of the column, was fired upon by the enemy's pickets. Colonel Hawley deployed skirmishers from his column and gradually drove the enemy back. This was on the City Point road, just this side of Jordan's house.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

U. S. Volunteers.

Numbers 5. Statement of Brigadier General Alfred H. Terry, U. S. Army, commanding First Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, June 14, 1864.

At the request of Major-General Gillmore, I make the following statement of facts:

On the evening of the 8th instant I received an order from him to detail one of the brigades of my division to form part of the expedition to Petersburg, which was to take place the next day; 1,400 was also mentioned to me as the number of men that would be wanted. In accordance with this order, I detailed my Second Brigade, under command of Colonel J. R. Hawley, of the Seventh Connecticut Volunteers. General Gillmore directed me to send this force down the entrenchments to the pontoon bridge across the Appomattox near Point of Rocks. I suggested to him that the moving of so large a body of men along the entrenchments might attract the notice of the enemy's outposts, and, as the movement was to be a secret one, that it would be better to send them by the road from Hatcher's. After some conversation, General Gillmore assented to my suggestion, and Colonel Hawley was directed to take that road, and furnished with a guide to conduct him over it.

ALF. H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel B. Taylor, Sixty-second Ohio Infantry, First Brigade.

HDQRS. SIXTY-SECOND Regiment OHIO VETERAN VOLS.

Point of Rocks, Va., June 12, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my regiment while under the command of Colonel Hawley, commanding brigade:

Being assigned to the left of your brigade, I moved forward about 4 a. m. the 9th instant. The enemy's pickets being driven in about 8.30 a. m., I was ordered forwarded as a reserve to the skirmish line.

