
I took up a position about 600 yards in their rear, and formed line of battle. Remained in this position until 11 a. m., when I was ordered to move some 500 yards to the rear and form line of battle, for the purpose of drawing in the skirmishers. After the line of skirmishers had passed through, I was ordered to move my regiment to the rear. After marching about 1 mile, I was ordered to file into the field for the purpose of getting dinner. Took up the line of march about 1 p. m., my regiments bringing up the rear of the infantry. Moved steadily forward to the pontoon, where I arrived a few minutes before 6 p. m., and on being ordered by the general commanding, I moved my regiment to its old camp, where I arrived at 6.15 p. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant E. L. MOORE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 7. Report of Colonel Joseph R. Hawley, Seventh Connecticut Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH CORPS,Bermuda Hundred Entrenchments, Va., June 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the expedition toward Petersburg on the 9th instant:

That command consisted of my own brigade, the Seventh New Hampshire, Colonel Joseph C. Abbott; Third New Hampshire, Lieutenant Colonel Josiah I. Plimpton commanding; Sixth Connecticut, Lieutenant Colonel Lorenzo Meeker commanding, and the Seventh Connecticut, Captain Theodore Bacon commanding, numbering about 1,500 rifles. Upon crossing the Appomattox I found the Sixty-second Ohio Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Samuel B. Taylor commanding, which had been ordered to report to me for the day. Its numbers have not been given, but I judge that it had at least 450 men. Lieutenant J. P. Sanger, Battery D, First U. S. Artillery, reported to me there also with four guns, two 3-inch rifles, and tow light 12-pounders. My orders were to be ready to march at 9 p. m. on the 8th, with two days' cooked rations. Three of the regiments were already there on their color lines. The Seventh New Hampshire was a little late, having got in late from outpost duty, but it soon after reported ready. Twice during the evening I sent a request for a guide to the pontoon bridge; my command being entirely unacquainted with the country toward the Appomattox. At about 10.30 orders came from Brigadier-General Terry to move my brigade across the Appomattox, assume command there of the Sixty-second Ohio and Lieutenant Sanger's artillery, and await orders. I was directed to call at Major-General Butler's headquarters for a guide to the pontoon bridge, and to retain the orderly bringing the dispatch as a guide to those quarters. I ordered the brigade started immediately, saw it in motion, and leaving two aides with it with directions (as I was ordered) to bring it to Major-General Gillmore's quarters, I rode on and

