
Petersburg, a distance of about 600 yards, and within about 200 yards of the enemy's battery. At 9 a. m. the enemy's line of skirmishers was observed by this company to fall back out of the woods on our right, being driven by our forces, and establish their line in an open wheat-field. Shortly afterward they (the enemy) were re-enforced by about 50 men from Petersburg. About 10 a. m. Company G was sent to support Company D, and both companies engaged the enemy's line of skirmishers until ordered to fall back. The companies rejoined the regiment about 1 p. m. and with it returned to camp.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LORENZO MEEKER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Sixth Connecticut Volunteers.

Lieutenant E. LEWIS MOORE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, second Brigade.

Numbers 9. Report of Captain Theodore Bacon, Seventh Connecticut infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,Near Bermuda Hundred, Va., June 12, 1864.

SIR: This regiment numbering 14 officers and 370 men, left camp at 11 p. m. Wednesday, June 8, in light marching order and with two days' rations. About 2 o'clock in the morning of the 9th we crossed the pontoon brigade over the Appomattox and lay down in line, just beyond the bridge, until shortly after daylight. Within the rest of the column, under Colonel Hawley's command, we then moved forward toward Petersburg, immediately following the Seventh New Hampshire, which had the advance. About 8 o'clock, having moved slowly on account of the condition of the roads, the cavalry in our front came upon the enemy's outposts of the companies into which this battalion was temporarily organized, under Lieutenant Wildman, was at once sent to the front and deployed as skirmishers, followed almost immediately by the second company, Captain Townsend; the rest of the battalion was formed into column of companies closed in mass. The enemy's skirmishers being back, a farther advance of nearly a mile made by several successive movements, this regiment still following the Seventh New Hampshire by the flank in the road. At the farther point reached the regiment lay in the road for two hours on more, or until noon, under such cover as could be found from the enemy's shells, which toward the end were thrown at us with considerable accuracy, the two companies meanwhile engaging the enemy's skirmishers quite sharply. About noon, in obedience to orders from the brigade commander, my regiment was withdrawn by the left flank, following the Sixth Connecticut and preceding the Seventh new Hampshire. The movement in retreat was from this point by successive lines, this regiment alternating with the orders in the column. At the first position, nearly a mile to the rear at which this regiment came into line, the two companies of skirmishers (which had been re-enforced toward the last by about 20 men from the third company) rejoined us a nd took their place in line. At 2 p. m. a halt of an hour was made for rest and dinner. About 6 the bridge over the Appomattox was reached and crossed,

