
Numbers 11. Report of Colonel Joseph C. Abbott, Seventh New Hampshire Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS,Bermuda Hundred, Va., June 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the reconnaissance of the 9th instant:

I moved from camp at about 10 p. m. of the 8th instant, and, occupying the right of Hawley's brigade, marched toward the Appomattox. I reached and crossed the pontoon bridge at a little before 3 a. m . of the 9th, when a halt was ordered. At about 4 a. m. the march was resumed on the road toward Petersburg. Other troops to were in advance of me. Nothing worthy of note occurred until the column had advance about 5 miles, when the cavalry, which was in advanced, encountered the enemy's pickets. This was not far from 7 a. m. By ordered of Colonel Hawley, my regiment was deployed in line of battle, and, proceeded by skirmishers from the Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, advanced across an open field. The enemy's skirmishers retired, and by ordered of Colonel Hawley I returned my regiment to the road, and proceeded through a belt of woods across the Petersburg and City Point Railroad, down a slight ravine, and came into an open meadow which extended for half a mile on the right on the road, while on the left of the road was partly open field partly wood. The road here took a southerly direction. I was first direction by Colonel Hawley to form a line of battle on each side of the road and at right angels with it, which I did, but soon after, by his ordered, return to the road again, still following the skirmishers. After passing about 500 yards from the edge of the woods. I was ordered to halt. At the point where I halted there was thick woods on the left, and the meadow above mentioned on the right of the. This position I occupied until about 12 m. On the left of the road, at a distance of about 500 yards, was an earth-works, from which spherical case-shot and canister were occasionally thrown, but with little effect. At about 12 m., receiving the order to retire, I proceeded back on the road, followed by the skirmishers. I halted a short time where the enemy's pickets were first encountered, and then with several halts to the Appomattox. I arrived at the bridge at about 7 p. m. After a brief halt at this point I crossed and returned to camp, where I arrived about 8 p. m. My casualties in the reconnaissance were, wounded, 2.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully,

JOSEPH C. ABBOTT,

Colonel Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers.

Lieutenant E. LEWIS MOORE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. SEVENTH NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS,Bermuda Hundred, Va., June 12, 1864.

Colonel JOSEPH R. HAWLEY,

Second Connecticut Vols., Comgd. second Brigade:

COLONEL: In reply to your request, made at the suggestion of Major-General Gillmore, that I would give an opinion at to the propriety of an assault on the enemy's work on the Petersburg and City Point Railroad, encountered by your brigade on the 9th instant,

20 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

