
upon right or left, and sent General Gillmore word that I was in position, that my right flank was advance beyond the enemy's work and exposed to an enfilading fire, and that I would advance as soon as I could get my battery to bear upon some point of the enemy's line. Finding it impossible to bring the battery into action unless I left it without a support, and exposed to a cross-fire, I sent in back to Ruffian's house, and advanced some 50 yards farther with my infantry. Hearing no firing on my right, where I exported a co-operative attack, I now notified General Gillmore that the enemy was in considerable force in the works in my front, which were too strong to be carried by assault with the troops at my disposal for the purpose, as I was exposed to a fire from the works on my right, and should be obliged to protect my flank by sending back part of my force, and received from him a verbal dispatch that he should immediately drive the enemy into his works and hold him there, whereupon I retained my position, hoping that the enemy's works would be engaged on my right and an opportunity given me to go in. It was now about 10 a. m. Shortly afterward I was notified by General Gillmore taht the enemy was advancing in a strong line against his left, which, upon the expiation of his staff officer, I found to be in the rear of my line, the swamp. At about 12 o'clock I was notified that General Gillmore's force were withdrawing, and thereupon moved my artillery and reserve across Bailey's Creek to Bryant's house. At 1 p. m., on an order from General Gillmore, I withdrew my line from front of the enemy's works to Bryants's, and at about 2 o'clock was ordered to return to Bailey's house, where I joined the column of General Gillmore.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDW. W. HINKS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

A. A. G.,m Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. HINKS' DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Petersburg, June 22, 1864.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a communication from in the following words, to wit:

HATCHER'S, VA., June 18, 1864.

Brigadier General E. W. HINKS:

DEAR SIR: When before the defenses of Petersburg, on the 9th instant, your opinion was decidedly adverse to making an assault with force you had (some 1,200 of 1,300 men.) In your report of the operations of that day you give expression to similar views. Will you oblige me by stating whether, now those works are in your possession, you are confirmed in the opinion entertamed on the 9th, and also, in case the works in our front been carried bay an assault on the day, whether in your opinion the city could have been taken on that day?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

And respectfully inform you, in reply, I am now confirmed in the opinion expressed to you on the 9th instant,and repeated in my report of the operations of that day, which "opinion was decidedly adverse to making an assault with the force I had (some 1,200 or

