
1,300 men)." The works are very much stronger than I had any idea of at that time, and are continued along almost all the interval to Petersburg, rendering it very doubtful whether the city could have been taken even had we succeed in carrying the first line. Fifteen hundred men it these works ought to have held in check at least 7,500 men assaulting from this front.

EDW. W. HINKS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Numbers 13. Report of Brigadier General August V. Kautz, u. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,In the Field, near of Rock, June 11, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the cavalry of my command, on the 9th instant, gains petersburg; also reports of regimental and brigade commanders:

in obedience to instructions previously received, the command consisting of portions of the Eleventh and Fifth Pennsylvania and First Direct of Columbiads Cavalry, and a section of the Eighth New York Battery, about 1,300 men in all, commenced moving from camp between 11 and 12 o'clock the night previous. The infantry of General Gillmore's command, which should have preceded the cavalry, was delayed, and a portion of the cavalry also, in consequence, did get across the Appomattox River until daylight. The cavalry then took advance, marching south to the City Point road, where we captured 3 of the enemy's picket, about 10 miles out from their entrenchments. The march was continued on roads nearly parallel to the enemy's works to the Jordan's Point, Prince George, and Norfolk and Petersburg roads. Near the prince George road we were deployed in driving Colonel Taliaferro's (Sixty-second Georgia Cavalry) [Seventh Confederate Cavalry] regiment out of their camp near their entrenchments, as skirmishers of his command were annoying the column. This regiment was reported by several prisoners that we captured to be between 300 and 400 strong. The march was continued to the Jerusalem plank road, which we struck at a point about 4 miles from the entrenchments. The circuits proved greater than I expected, and we did not reach the enemy's lines midday, marching continuously, as we were meeting the enemy's pickets on every road and they all retreated to a common center, except 4 or 5 that we captured. The enemy had the advantage of knowing our movements. on reaching the enemy's lines, it was evident that they were not strongly deferended. The force seemed about 200 strong, with one piece of artillery. The First District of Columbia Cavalry were dismounted and deployed as skirmishers with a portion of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry on the right of the road. The Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry (mounted) moved forward in line on the works on the left to the entrenchments, where they dismounted and fired from the paraded. In about an hour we had carried the works and killed, wounded, or captured almost the entire force, with the piece of artillery and caisson.

As soon as a squadron or two could be mounted we moved on toward row. A deep ravine intervening just before reaching the city,

