
Report of Lieutenant Colonel Everton J. Conger, First District of Columbia Cavalry, First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CAVALRY,In the Field, June 11, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward the following as the report od the First Regiment District of Columbia Cavalry on the recent march to Petersburg, Va.:

Received instruction in person from the general commanding division to be in readiness to march at 12 midnight, June 8, 1864.

Cressed the Appomattox on pontoon brigade and joined the rear of the column, as per of march. By a circuitous and unknown route, arrived at the first line of entrenchments for the defense of Petersburg 12 m. June 9, 1864, and found the enemy displayed in some force behind a long of earth-works supported by artillery. By order of the general commanding moved forward two squadrons and deployed on our right. This force turned the left of the works across the pike; was here support by the third squadron ordered to the front by the general. Passing to the enemy's left we captured 1 brass 12-pounder howitzer and 35 prisoners, including 4 commissioned officers, as per verbal receipt of the officer in charge of provost guard, to when they were turned over.

By actual count of officers, from 30 to 40 of the enemy were killer and some 15 were wounded and lying on the ground on our right of the pike. One captain and 2 lieutenants were among the killed. The officer who had command on the extreme right reports that many dead and wounded were lying in the of the camp (which was burned and not included in the above, also an adjutant (G. G. Johnson) and some dead and wounded were on the left of the enemy's works to be burned. It if were found 72 boxer spherical case of shell and 20 boxer small-arm ammunition. The house was used as defense and headquarters of the enemy. It is unnecessary to enumerate the names of officers and men for gallant conduct, when all did well. Returning, brought up the rear of the column and arrived at our old camp at 12 midnight. The following is a list of the casualties: *

I am, general respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. J. CONGER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Brigadier General A. V. KAUTZ.]

Numbers 15. Report of Colonel Samuel P. Spear, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, comnmanding Second Brigaded.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE,In the Field, June 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: i have the honor to make the following report concerning the operations of my brigade during the expedition to Petersburg on the 9th instant:

Pursuant to instructions from division headquarters, my brigade,

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shown 2 officers and 4 men wounded.

---------------

