
consisting of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, 640 men, two mountain howitzers, command by Lieutenant Colonel George, 450 men and two howitzers commanded by Major Kleinz, left camp at 11.30 p. m. on 8th instant, crossed the pontoon bridge over the Appomattox, and marched for ward about 2 miles. There halted until 4.30 a. m. on the 9th, when I took the line of march toward the Jordan's Point road, the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry in advance. The advance guard soon came upon and charged enemy's picket, capturing 4 of them, 2 being wounded. I them marched on to the above-named road, and out in the direction of the Petersburg plank road. When within 7 miles of the plank road the advance was again fired upon by the enemy. I ordered the carabineers of the Eleventh to dismount skirmish the woods to the front, and two squadrons of the Fifth to the right and left. The enemy opened upon the Fifth with howitzers. One squadron from that regiment charged them, driving them from their camp into entrenchments. In the flight they left arms, horse equipments, and clothing in considerable quantity, and which we destroyed. The front being cleared by the Eleventh, the command was mounted and proceeded on the route. On approaching the Norfolk and Petersburg. Railroad, the advance guard again came the enemy's pickets, charged them and wounded 1 mortally. The remainder made their escape to the woods. On reaching the plank road at 10.30 a. m., 5 miles from Petersburg, I received instructions from the general commanding to march in the direction of Pettersburg. I did so, driving in and capturing some of the enemy's picket ion the road. Within 1 mile of the city I came in sight of the earth-works, consisting of four redoubts and a line of entrenchments about half a mile in length. I ordered one squadron of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry to charge the works with drawn sabers, which they did in gallant style, but owing to the superior force and position of the enemy, they were compelled to fall back, forming line again in advance of the main column. After due consultation with the general commanding, I made a careful reconnaissance of the enemy's position, and ordered the following disposition of my command: On the right, carbineers of the Eleventh to dismount and advance as skirmishers. One squadron, mounted, of the Eleventh was ordered to the extreme right one to the extreme left, with orders to charge in concert with dismounted line of skirmishers; the remainder of the Eleventh were posted on the center and right center, with orders to charge mounted on the appearance of wavering or confusion among the enemy. The Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry was ordered and took position on the left of the road, with orders to storm the two redoubts in their front and penetrate the line of entrenchments. The line moved forward simultaneously, under cover of two 6-pounder rifled guns, commanded by Lieutenant Morton, Eight New York Battery, and two 12-pounder mountain howitzers of the Fifth, the right being assisted by a detachment from First District. The enemy received us with a determined and vigorous musketry fire along the whole line; also on the left with grape and canister from one piece of artillery. The position occupied by the enemy was chosen and defended with obstinacy. Our Assaulting party continued to press forward in the face of the fire, captured the redoubts, and occupied them, then prepared to charge the line of entrenchments, which was done, and the works carried, with a loss to the enemy of 30 killed, many wounded,

