
among whom were several officers left on the field, and about 40 prisoners, besides one piece of artillery and large quantity of small arms. The latter were destroyed by our men. The squadron on the right charged around the works to within one-half of a mile of Petersburg; there halted for the main column. Owing to obstenctions the squadron on the extreme left could not move forward, whereby the principal portion of the enemy made their escape into the woods close by. These works were said to be defended by two regiment of militia and once of regulars under the supervision of General Beauregard. On the approach of the main column the advance squadron moved forward. It was ascertained that during the engagement mentioned the enemy had received large re-enforcements, and when the advance reached within 150 yards of Petersburg the enemy opened with musketry, grape, and canister from four pieces of artillery posted on a bluff immediately in front of the town. The fire was so severe that I ordered the advance to wheel to the left about and retired about 50 yards to the cover of a bluff along the road. The I halted about then minutes until it was ascertained the column had left and the enemy approaching force. I retired slowly, soon met the general commanding, stated the condition of the enemy's force, and ordered to fall back slowly, which was done, after aw delay of one hour and a half, in ordered to prosecute a search for wounded and missing. My rear guard was followed by infantry, cavalry, and artillery for a distance of 2 miles from Petersburg. A detachment of the First District them formed in the rear of my column, and I returned to camp with my command, reaching here at 10.30. a. m.

Inclosed please find the reports* of my regimental commanders, with list of casualties.

I am, captain, with high respect, your obedient servant,

S. P. SPEAR,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain M. J. ASCH,

A. A. A. G., Kautz's Cav. Div., 18th Army Corps.

ADDENDA.

HATCHER'S VA., June 18, 1864.

Colonel S. P. SPEAR,

Second Cavalry Brigade:

DEAR SIR: You led the advance of Kautz's attack on the left on the fortifications of Petersburg on the 9th. Will you please answer the following interrogatories: First. What force did you estimate in your immediate from on outer line? You mentioned three regiments in you report. Second. Where were the other troops for the defense of the other line, and whose command were they under? Give your sources of information. Third. Do you consider that on that day the interior defenses near the town were strong or weak? Fourth. Where could the enemy have got re-enforcements from, and where did they get the from? Give sources of information. Fifth. Give your estimate of force adequate, if it were practicable, to force the inner line and reach the bridge across the Appomattox on that day. Sixth. Was the resistance you met on approaching

---------------

* Report of commanding officer Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry not

found.

---------------

