
outer works. I saw, however, two, but in the inner line of works there was at least a whole battery. I saw four guns as least, all of which opened on us with a terrific fire and compelled us to full back and seek a shelter.

JOHN G. SAMPLE,

Second Lieutenant, Commanding Co. D, 11th Penn. Cav.

Numbers 16. Report of Lieutenant J. Frank Cummings, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Acting Assistant-General.

SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE,

June 18, 1864.

The following are extract from me memoranda book of the operations of the Second Cavalry Brigade, on the 9th instant (the time stated is correct by the watch):

Reached first line of enemy's entrenchments on Jerusalem and Petersburg plank road about 11.30 a. m. morning of the 9th; carried the works and got inside of them at 1.15 p. m. Wounded officers captured then report the enemy's force on the outer line at that point at one regiment of regular infantry and two militia, and one piece of artillery. Marched on the city of Petersburg; met with a very heavy fire from both artillery and infantry. The force met at the town came from Beauregard's force, which was lying between Swift Creek and the Appomattox River; this information gained from citizens and wounded officers left on the field. One Mr. Griffith, who was wounded and left on the field, gave the most information General Wise's force was on our right, and in front of the Prince George and City Pointroad, where General Gillmore's force was support to have gone; could not find out his (Wise's) exact force, but was at least one battery and a brigade of infantry, as we were informed by contrabands, citizens, and captured wounded officers. The next line of defenses consisted of stockades on very high bluffs. That battery that opened on the Second Cavalry Brigade was behind the stockades. The stockade was defended by both infantry and artillery.

J. FRANK CUMMINGS,

Lieutenant 5th Pa. Cav., and A. A. A. G., 2nd Cav. Brigadier

No 17.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Christopher Kleinz, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,In the Field, near Bermuda Hundred, June 10, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment, with list of casualties thereto, during the Petersburg expedition of the 9th instant:

The regiment proceeded without interruption to a point about 7 miles distant Point of Rock. At this place, and about 10 a. m., the enemy fired upon our right flank from the wood. I immediately ordered the First Battalion to dismount and skirmish the woods, for the purpose of ascertaining strength and position of the enemy. Captain Ker, with his squadron, skirmished to the left, Captain Gal-

