
lisath to the right. Captain Ker drove the enemy from the wood on his front and across a ravine, after which the enemy opened fire upon him with howitzers. But 2 shots were fired from the pieces when Captain Gallisath charged upon them and drove them from their position. He then charged into their camp with 35 men and routed over 100 of the enemy, driving them into their entrenchments, and after a few minutes' engagement drove them a quarter of a mile beyond. The enemy left in their precipitate flight arms, horse equipments, and clothing, all of which were destroyed by my men. The regiment having been ordered to closed up with the division, the battalion was called in and the regiment proceeded on the march. No casualties occurred during this engagement. The command arrived about a half mile from the Petersburg fortifications about 11.30 a. m. Shortly after the advance of the division had become engaged, I was ordered to from my command in line of battle on the left of the road and immediately in front of the enemy's works, about a quarter of a mile distant. During the formation, which was done promptly, the enemy opened on our right with shell, disabling 3 horses. Our howitzers at the same time opened fire upon the rebels, one of the shells killing 2 and wounding 3 of their men. I was then ordered to move my command forward and charge the enemy's works; the nature of the ground, obstacles in my front, and the general position being such as to render a mounted charge impossible, I moved forward to a depression in the field, where I dismounted Nos. 1. 2. and 3 of my men and charged the breast-works and outer redoubts. The enemy made an obstinate resistance and succeeded in holding their position. I then secured a position I could hold, and there remained,keeping the enemy engaged until they were attacked on the right. Simultaneous with charge on their right, my men charged the works, driving the enemy from their gun, which was then in position and had done considerable execution among the horses of the dismounted men. After they had been driven from the gun we charged after them and the caisson which they had taken off. This was captured with 3 horses, the driven having been killed. On returning with the caisson in the direction of the gun (which we had captured), for the purpose of bridging it away, we were informed that the First District of Columbia Cavalry had taken it while we were charging after the caisson and carried it off as one of their trophies. The works having been carried, I was ordered to bring my men back and form the regiment, after which I was ordered to countermarch my command and fall in rear of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry. This was done about 2 p. m., when the command retired. The casualties are as follows: Wounded 13 enlisted men; missing, 1 officer (Captain G. D. Hart, K Company. When last seen was about 2 miles from the field of action, returning with the regiment. It is supposed that he dismounted to rest, when the regiment halted, fell asleep, and has been captured on the road); 1 enlisted man.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHRIS. KLEINZ,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. F. CUMMINGS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Cav. Brigadier

P. S.-The caisson and ammunition captured were destroyed by the pioneer corps of the regiment.

