
inspires the confidence that Petersburg is indomitable, and which fenceless and compensates for every drop of blood which has been spilt at Nottoway, at Walthall Junction, and at Drewry's Bluff and Howlett's Neck for the defense of the Old Cockade City. Let the reserves and second-class militia of the surrounding counties now come in promptly, one all, and emulate this bright and successful example; let it hotly hiss to blood-red shame the laggard and full example; let it hotly hiss to blood-red shame the laggard and skulkers from the streets and alleys of the city to the lines, and let it proclaim abound that Petersburg is to be and shall be deferended other outer walls, on her inner lines, at her corporation bounds, on every street, and around every temple of God altar of man, in her every heart, until the blood of that hears is spilt. Roused by this spirit to this pitch of resolution, we will fight the enemy at every step, and Petersburg is safe.

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 19. Report of Brigadier General Raleight E. Colston, C. S. Army.

PETERSBURG, June 10, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the affair of yesterday:

I reported for orders to General Wise about 9.30 a. m. and he ordered me to take position at Lunette Numbers 16, and hold that position. I repaired to that point and remained there until 11 a. m. At that time a courier reported to me that the enemy were advancing upon the Jerusalem road, and threatening Major Archer's position. I started immediately to that point, leading orders to my aide-de-camp, Tosh, to remain at Lunette Numbers 16, to received any orders that might come. Before I reached Major Archer's position at Lunettes Nos. 27 and 28, I heard the firing of musketry at Archer's position. i immediately ordered a 12-pounded howitzer to repair to Lunettes 27 and 28, at the intersection of the Jerusalem road and the entrenchments. When I reached that point I found that Major Archer's front had repelled a charge of cavalry of the enemy on the Jerusalem road. Shortly afterward the enemy advanced again and formed a line of dismounted cavalry in front of Lunette 27, keeping also a line of mounted men back of Gregory's house. They advanced toward our entrenchments and began deploying to the right. About that time the 12-pounded howitzer up and I placed it in position, but, to my extreme mortification, found that we had not a single round of canister. Just when the enemy were within ease range I ordered to open fire upon the enemy with shell, which was done with some execution. The enemy soon began replying with four pieces of artillery. The militia under Major Archer stood their ground with great steadiness. the enemy them began to spread out on our right and left. I directed Major Archer to spread his men out toward the right or front, if possible, to check the enemy, but at the same time they began deployed and extending on our left. Their total force in view was at least 1,000 men. Our entire force-composed altogether of militia, only about 170 men-less than 150.

