
on the right. This I did, relying on your experience and skill to guide the militia assured that you would more than aid Major Archer in supplying their want of discipline, and that their confidence would be increased as it was, by your presence example. Your example was everything i could ask; you held the militia as long as regulars and veterans could have been held, and yourself, on foot, assisted in saving the retreat after having seize a musket and fired upon the enemy with you own hand,and after 2 men had been shot from the saddle of your horse. You did all that was possible with the men and means I had it in my power to place at your disposal.

While Archer and his militia will ever be gratefully remembered, it must not be forgotten that they were led and command by you, that you shared their danger to the last and doubtless taught them how to win the glory and gratitude now shed upon their gallantry.

Very truly and faithfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-general.

CORRESPONDENCE, ORDERS, AND RETURNS RELATING TO OPERATIONS IN SOUTHEASTERN VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, FROM MAY 1, 1864, TO MAY 19, 1864.*

UNION CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

CULPEPER, VA., May 1, 1864-10.30 a. m.

(Received 11.25 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch giving information derived from rebel lieutenant received. It will not be necessary to send the lieutenant here, as the dispatch is very full. I do not place great reliance on the information, became I do not now an officer of the rank comes to know so much of future planks, but I will watch.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 1, 1864-2.45 p. m .

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper, Va.:

The Twenty second New York was not dismounted, as General Burnside represented that they were required for his command. Four hundred and twenty-five cavalry horses were shipped for Culpeper yesterday; 200 or more will be sent forward per day. Messenger just returned from General Banks with dispatches for you, which have been forwarded. He left Grand Ecore on the 21st [April], and represents the condition of affairs more favorable. Admiral Porter sent a verbal manage that they were all right. Navy Department closed and I can get no further information about iron-clads to-day. See in New York papers that two more have sailed from that city. Will order Colonel McIntosh as soon

---------------

* For Correspondence, &amp;c., from May 20 to June 12, 1864, see Part III.

+ See Vol. XXXIII, p. 1022.

---------------

