
landing on a station which was in use by the rebel signal corps up to the hour of our arrival. Communication was opened with signal party who remained with the general in steamer Greyhound, the same being in use by General Butler as his headquarters, and with signal station at City Point, Va., a distance between 2 and 3 miles, separated from Bermuda Hundred by the Appomattox River. During the time signal station was on the Greyhound, which was up to the 8th or it of May, communication was open from the general's headquarters through mine to station at City Point, where General Hinks was in command. During the time many important messages were received and transmitted for General Butler and the general commanding at City Point. On the [7th?] May our force at the landing was startled by explosion which happened some few miles from the landing up the James River. At the time I received orders from Captain Norton, chief signal officer, by signals, to proceed up the banks of the James, find out all particulars concerning the explosion, and report the same on returning. Mounting my horse and taking flagman along I was soon on the banks of the James nearly opposite the spot, and I learned then that the explosion was caused by one of our gun-boats being blown up by the enemy. Not satisfied with this intelligence I started up the river, swung my flag, and almost instantly my call was answered by signal officer on board Admiral Lee's flagship. Through this signal officer on flag-ship I received from Admiral Lee for General Butler a long and very important message giving the account of the accident which happened at the time, of others, and news of much importance which Admiral Lee had obtained from prisoners and contrabands from Richmond. On or about the 7th General Butler moved his headquarters from the James River to near Point of Rocks. During this time communication between my station and City Point continued the same, and messages from City Point for General Butler were received the same and sent to the general's headquarters by mounted orderlies. My duties continued the same at this station to the 10th of the month. Orders received on the 10th to report at headquarters. The day following I was sent to Cobb's Hill signal station, near Point of Rocks, to relieve signal officer who was in charge, with orders from chief signal officer to keep communication open with City Point and on gun-boat on the Appomattox, headquarters of General Graham, besides making observations of the enemy around Petersburg, Va. I remained at this station several days, transmitting and receiving many important messages for the generals commanding, rendering them much service.

On the return of General Butler, with his force, the front, I was relieved from duty on this station, and received orders to proceed to Fort Monroe to bring up stores and supplies for the detachment. On my return I reported at headquarters, and again received orders to take charge of Cobb's Hill station, while the signal officer who was in charge at the time accompanied General Smith on his expedition. On taking charge of station, communication was then open with City Point and on gun-boat on the Appomattox, including station at Spring Hill, on the opposite bank of the Appomattox, including station at Spring Hill, on the opposite bank of the Appomattox. At this time many messages were received and sent, and nearly all orders from General Butler to officers commanding at Spring Hill and to General Graham on gun-boat were sent by our signals. On the morning of the 31st a message by flag was received from Colonel Ames, who was at the time in command of the force at Spring Hill,

