
that they were attacked by the enemy in heavy force. This message was delivered immediately after receiving, and others, which followed quickly, soon had re-enforcements under way to assist Colonel Ames in holding his position. The re-enforcement called for arrived in time to meet and drive the enemy back toward Petersburg, Va.

During the shelling by the enemy of the fort at Spring Hill and the signal station, Sergeant Garrett, who was in charge of the detachment at the time, was obliged to leave his station, but kept the flag working, sending the message, which was sent correctly, and there had the same communication with the commanding officer at that post. I continued in charge at Cobb's Hill station to the 3rd of June, and received orders same day to turn over my command to Lieutenant D. L. Craft, signal officer, and to take charge of signal camp near headquarters. On the 6th of June, by order of Captain Norton, chief signal officer, I received into my camp a detachment of 50 new recruits from Signal Camp of Instruction, at Georgetown, D. C. From this date to the present time my duties as acting assistant quartermaster for the detachment have kept me close at camp, attending to the stores, issuing clothing to the men, drawing forage and stores, making out returns and tending of the wants of detachments in the field, besides the men in camp.

Before closing this report I have to state that on the morning of the [9th] of June I received orders to take charge of tower signal station near Point of Rocks, and report by signal to headquarters all intelligence I could gain by making observations in and around Petersburg of the enemy's movements and of our advanced forces, who were advancing toward Petersburg from our lines nearly opposite Fort Clifton. Shortly after commencing my observations General Butler, accompanied by a staff officer, came upon the station and made the desired observations himself. The general appeared pleased with the prospects and what little assistance I rendered him. About noon the enemy opened on the station with their guns from a masked battery and made several good line shots, though failed to do any damage whatever.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. F. YOUNG,

Lieutenant Fifth Arty., New York, Vols., Acty. Sig. Officer and Acting Assistant Quartermaster Detachment.

Captain L. B. NORTON,

Chief of Signal Officer, Dept. of Va. and N. C.

Numbers 10. Report of Major General Quincy A. Gilmore, U. S. Army commanding Tenth Army Corps, of operations May 4-25.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Washington, January 24, 1866.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL, U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of my report to General Butler of the operations of the Tenth Army Corps, while under my command in the Department of Virginia and North Carolina

3 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT II

