
MAY 2, 1864-9 A. M.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Brigadier-General Rowley has been tried by court-material and is now awaiting the promulgation of proceedings, the record having been transmitted to Washington. He is without command and desire to go to Harrisburg, Pa., to await further action. I would be glad if an order to that effect can be issued or authority to that effect given me.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CULPEPER, May 2, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

You are hereby authorized to make the necessary orders for Brigadier-General Rowley. *

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,Washington, D. C., May 2, 1864. (Received 4.40 p. m.)

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

There are some detachments of cavalry belonging to your army here mounted but not fully equipped; shall they be sent as they are or wait until fully equipped?

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.

MAY 2, 1864-8 p. m.

Major-General AUGUR:

We will take all mounted men as they are, and would like to have them sent out on the cars to-morrow, if possible.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

STONY MOUNTAIN SIGNAL STATION,

May 2, 1864.

Captain B. F. FISHER,

Chief Signal Officers:

CAPTAIN: I was at Raccoon and Somerville Fords this a. m.: found the enemy still fortifying at the former; saw no charge in camps in those vicinities and no unusual stir. Nearly all the fortifications between Morton's and Somerville Fords have been masked with brush. A new camp has appeared to-day behind Raccoon Ford, about 1 mile from the river. A party of 20 have been throwing up a small work this p. m. near Dr. Morton's house. No further movements observed, up to the time the storm set in. The rebel signal station established at Gibson's house, directly opposite us, is for the purpose, I judge, of deceiving us; they make wild and un-

---------------

* Ordered by Special Orders, Numbers 133, Army of the Potomac, May 2, 1864, to proceed to Harrisburg.

---------------

