
meaning motions with their flags, while at the same time they appear to be watching our station their glasses. The following message and part of massage was taken by me from Clark's Mountain this p. m. Parties standing in front of their flag on the mountain top prevented my getting the whole of the last:

To STATION C.

Is General Ewell at his headquarters? If not please let us know.

STATION J.

Hoke's brigade 11111, 22222,- - Dt. Ga.- - 11114, 22231, N. C. regts here - -.

P. A. TAYLOR,

Captain Signal Corps.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 23. May 2, 1864.

The commanding general Having learned taht, notwithstanding the caution contained in General Orders, Numbers 22. of April 25, 1864, from these headquarters, * there are men in its army who refuse to do duty on the ground that their term of service has expired, it will be made known to such men that their conduct, being open mutiny, will be punished with death without trial unless they promptly return to duty; and, hereafter, any soldier who refuses to do duty on a similar plea will instantly be shot without any from of trial whatever. The honor of the service, and the necessities of the hour, admit of no other disposition of such cases. The commanding general again express the hope that the soldiers of this army will respectfully ask for and cheerfully abide by the decision of the War Department with respect to their term of service, but he has no further word of warning for those who, at at a time like the present, choose to defy lawful authority. Corps and other independent commanders are charged with the execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

May 2, 1864.

1. The army will move on Wednesday, the 4th of May, 1864.

2. On the day previous, Tuesday, the 3rd of May, Major-General Sheridan, commanding Cavalry Corps, will move Gregg's cavalry division to the vicinity of Richardsville. It will be accompanied by one -half the canvas pontoon train, the engineer troops with which will repair the road to Ely's Ford as far as practicable without exposing their work to the observation of the enemy. Guards will be placed on all the occupied on or in the vicinity of the route of the cavalry and in advance toward the Rapidan, so as to prevent any communication with the enemy by the inhabitants. The same precaution will be taken at the same time in front of the First and Third Cavalry Division in may be considered necessary. At 2 a. m. of the 4th May, Gregg's division will move to

---------------

* See Vol. XXXIII, p. 970.

---------------

