
Elly's Ford, cross the Rapidan as soon at the canvas pontoon brigade is laid, if the river is not fordable, and as soon as the infantry of the Second Corps is up, will move to the vicinity of Piney Branch Church, or in that section, throwing reconnaissances well out on the Pamunkey road, toward Spotsylvania Court-House, Hamilton's Crossing, and Fredericksburg. The roads past Pinkey Branch Church Todd's Tavern, &amp;c., will be kept clear for the passage of the infantry the following day. The cavalry division will remain in this position two cover the passage of the army trains, and will move with them and cover their left flank. At midnight of the 3rd of May, the Third Cavalry Division, with one-half the canvas pontoon bridge train, which will join it after dark, will move to Germanna Fors, taking the plank road, and cross the Rapidan as soon as the bridge is laid, if the river is not fordable, and hold the crossing until the infantry of the Fifth Corps is up. It will move to Parker's Store, on the Orange Court-House plank road, or that vicinity, sending out strong reconnaissance of the Orange pike and plank roads and the Catharpin and Pamunkey roads, until they feel the enemy, and at least as far as Robertson's Tavern, the New Hope Churdch, and Almond's or Robertson's. All intelligence concerting the enemy will be communicate with promptitude to Headquarters and to the corps and division commanders of the nearest infantry troops.

3. Major-General Warren, commanding Fifth Corps, will send two division at midnight of the 3rd instant, by way of Stevensburg and the plank road, to the crossing at Germanna Ford. So much of the brigade train of the Fifth Corps as may be necessary to bridge the Rapidan at Germanna Ford, with such artillery as may be required, will accompany these division will be followed by the regiment of the corps at such hour that the column will cross the Rapidan without delay. Such disposition of the troops and artillery as may be found necessary to cover the bridge will be made by the corps commander, who after crossing, will move to the vicinity of the Old Wilderness Tavern, on the Orange Court-House pike. The corps will move the following day past the head of Catharpin Run, crossing the Orange Court-House plank road at Parker's Stone.

4. Major-General Sedgwick, commanding Sixth Corps, will move at 4 a. m. of the instant, by way of Stevensburg and the Germanna plank road to Germanna Ford, following the Fifth Corps, and, after crossing the Rapidan, will bivouac on the heights beyond. The canvas pontoon train will be taken up as soon as the troops of the Sixth Corps have crossed, and will follow immediately in rear of the troops of that corps. So much of the brigade train of the Sixth Corps as may be necessary to bridge the Rapidan at Culpeper Mine Ford will proceed to Richardsville in rear of the Reserve Artillery, and soon as it is ascertain that the Reserve Artillery are crossing, it will move to Culpeper Mine Ford, where the brigade will be established. The engineers of this bridge train will at once open a road from Culpeper Mine Ford to Richmondsville.

5. Major-General Hancock, commanding Second Corps, will send two divisions, with so much of the brigade train as may be necessary to brigade the Rapidan at Ely's Ford, and such artillery assay be required, at midnight of the 3rd instant to Ely's Ford. The remainder of the corps will follow at such that the column will cross the Rapidan without delay. The canvas pontoon brigade at this ford

