
will be taken up as soon as the troops of this corps have passed, and will move with it at the head of the trains that accompany the troops. The wooden pontoon bridge will remain. The Second Corps will enter the Stevensburg and Richardsville road at Madden's, in order that the route from Stevensburg to the plank road may be free for the Fifth and Sixth Corps. After crossing the Rapidan, the Second Corps will move to the vicinity of Chandler's or Chancellorsville.

6. It is excepted that the advanced division of the Fifth and Second Corps, with the wooden pontoon trains, will be at the designated points of crossing not later than 6 a. m. of the 4th instant.

7. The Reserve Artillery will move at 3 a. m. of the 4th instant, and follow the Second Corps, passing Mountain Run at Ross' Mill of Hamilton's, cross at Ely's Ford, take the road to Chancellorsville, and halt for the night at Hunting Creek.

8. Great care will be taken by the corps commanders that the roads are promptly repaired by the pioneers wherever needed, not only for the temporary wants of the division or corps to which the pioneers belong, but for the passage of the troops and trains that follow on the same route.

9. During the movement of the 4th and following days the commanders of the Forth and Sixth Corps will occupy the roads on the right flank, to cover the passage of their corps, and will keep their flankers well out in that division. The commanders of the Second Corps and Reserve Artillery will, in a similar manner, look out for the left flank. Whenever practicable, double columns will be used to shorten the columns. Corps commanders will keep in communication and connect with each other, and co-operate whenever necessary. Their picket-lines will be connected. They will keep the commanding general constantly advised of their progress and of everything important that occurs, and will send staff officers to acquaint him with location of their headquarters. During the movement of the 4th instant headquarters will be on the route of the Fifth and Sixth Corps. It will be established at night between these corps on the Germanna plank road.

10. The infantry troops take with them 50 rounds of ammunition upon the person, three days' full rations in the haversacks, three days' bread and small rations in the knapsacks, and three days' beef on the hoof. Each corps will take with it one-half its infantry ammunition, one-half the entrenching tools, one hospital wagon and one medicine wagon for each brigade, one-half the ambulance trains, and the light spring wagons and pack animals allowed at the various headquarters. No other train or means of transportation than those just specified will accompany the corps, except such wagons as may be necessary for the forage for immediate use (five days). The artillery will have with them the ammunition of the caissons only.

11. The subsistence and other trains, loaded with the amount of rations, forage, infantry and artillery ammunition, &amp;c., heretofore ordered, the surplus wooden pontoons of the different corps, &c., will be assembled under the direction of the chief quartermaster of the army in the vicinity of Richardsville, with a view to crossing the Rapidan by bridges at Ely's Ford and Culpeper Mine Ford.

12. A detail of 1,000 or 1,200 men will be made from each corps as guard for its subsistence and other trains. This detail will composed of entire regiments as far as practicable. No other guards whatever for regimental, brigade, division, or corps wagons will be allowed. Each detail will be under the command of an officer selected

