
for that purpose, and the whole will be commanded by the senior officer of the there. This guard will be so disposed as to protect the trains on the march and in pork. The trains are likewise protected by cavalry on the flanks.

13 Major-General Sheridan, commanding Cavalry Corps, will direct the First Cavalry Division to call in its picket and patrols on the right on the morning of the 4th instant, and hold itself ready to move and cover the trains of the army. It will and watch the fords of the Rapidan from Rapidan Station to Germanna Ford. On the morning of the 5th the First Cavalry Division will cross the Rapidan at Germanna Ford and cover the right flank of the trains while crossing the Rapidan and during their movements in rear of the army. The signal stations on Cedar, Pony, and Stony Mountains will be maned as long as practicable.

14. The wooden pontoon bridges at Germanna Ford and Ely's Ford will remain for the passage of General Burnside's army. That at Culpeper Mine Ford will be taken up, under the direction of the chief engineer, as soon as the trains have crossed, and will move with the trains of its corps.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

May 2, 1864.

Hereafter the designation flag for these headquarters will be a magenta-colored swallow flag, with an eagle in gold, surrounded by a silver wreath for an emblem.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 2, 1864.

Major-General HANCOCK:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have received your note, and having since seen your inspector-general, have given him what you ask. Should anything occur of the kind you suggest our to the moment of departure we will let youknow. We expect to be able to send you two good men as guides. One of them may have to ride in an ambulance having lost part of one of his feet while lying within the enemy's lines during the late snow-storm. I have the letter, and will see that it gets thought.

With respect and esteem, general, yours,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel.

STONY MOUNTAIN SIGNAL STATION,

May 2, 1864.

General HANCOCK:

Indications of a move this morning by the enemy. Heave column of infantry is now morning toward our left, on road near heavy flank

