SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 165. Washington, May 2, 1864.

* * * * *

9. Company H, First Battalion, Twelfth U. S. Infantry, now at the regiment deport, Fort Hamilton, New York Harbor, will at once be put en route to join that regimen, now with the Fifth Corps. Army of the Potomac. Major D. Woodruff, Twelfth U. S. Infantry, superintendent regiment recruiting service will assign to this company such officers as can be spared from the recruiting service. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GERNETT'S MOUNTAIN, May 2, 1864.

General WARREN:

Enemy busy working on rifle-pits. No change in camps. All quit.

FULLER.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES

Culpeper Court-House, Va., May 2, 1864.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The movement of this army will commence at 12 o'clock to-morrow night. The attempt will be made to turn the right flank of the enemy-that is, to cross the Rapidan east of or below the railroad. Ely's Ford, Germanna Ford, and Culpeper Mine Ford will be the crossing place. At Ely's Ford and Germanna pontoon trains will be left your use. You will send a suitable guard to take charge of these bridges and crossing by the morning of the 5th. So soon as the crossing of Meade's army is perfectly assured I will notify you of the face, by telegraph, which will be the signal for you to start. Make all your preparations on the 4th instant to move at a moment's notice. Select your own route, or reports, to the Rapidan. When you reach there Meade's train should be in your way do not interfere with them, following his army, unless you should receive notice to push forward with your troops. In that case you will stop his trains until your troops are over and a sufficient number of ammunition wagons and ambulances to enable you to go into line of march after crossing the Rapidan will be in rear of the right flank of the Army of the Potomac. Being in the rear you will require very guards with your train. My headquarters until further notice will as a rule be near the headquarters of the Army of the Potomac. On the night of the 4th this will on the road to Germanna Ford and not far from river. Furnish me copy of your order of march as soon as you can.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

22 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT II

