
lina, from the time of its arrival there on the 4th of May, 1864, until the 25th of that month. A subsequent report* of a demonstration by a detachment from the Tenth and Eighteenth Corps against the defenses of Petersburg on the 9th of June, 1864, was made to General Butler, and by him forwarded, as he officially informed me, to the War Department, where it will doubtless be found on file. I have been unable to find a copy of it among my papers, and presume it must have been left among the records of the Tenth Army Corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Army.

P. S.- Copies of the reports of Brigadier Gens. Alfred H. Terry and John W. Turner are also transmitted herewith.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Hatcher's, Va., May 25, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command since my arrival in this department on the 4th instant:

On that day my command embarked at Gloucester Point, and on the following day ascended the James River in rear of the Eighteenth Corps, commanded by Major General W. F. Smith.

On the night of the 5th both corps effected a landing at Bermuda Hundred, and on the 6th advanced and took up the line we now occupy, extending from the James River to the Appomattox, my command being on the right. No enemy opposed our landing, and we encountered none in our advance. On the morning of the 7th three brigades from my command-Plaisted's from the First Division, Barton's from the Second, and Drake's from the Third -were ordered to report to General Smith, to take part in a demonstration against the Richmond and Petersburg Railroad. They reached the road and returned to camp the same evening. No general officer accompanied the force which I sent, and I have no report of the operations of these detached, troops on that day. On the morning of the 9th, in accordance with the following order, I moved out with the balance of my command, striking the railroad at and to the southward of Chester Station:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Bermuda Lading, Va., May 8, 1864.

Major-General GILLMORE:

You will take all your command but three brigades, which were detailed before, and demonstrate to the right and front, via Ware Bottom Church, upon the railroad, accomplishing its destruction at any places where you may strike it, and along as much of it as possible. The enemy are in our front with cavalry, 5,000 men, and it is a disgrace that we are cooped up here. This movement will commence at daylight to-morrow morning, and is imperative. Answer if you have received this order and will be ready to move.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See p. 287.

---------------

