
QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, May 3, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

General Burnside has received over 600 wagons, 7 or 8 medical wagons, and over 180 ambulances. It was decided at Annapolis that 500 wagons would be enough for his force, then estimated at 35,000 men. He now asks that 75 more wagons, teams, and drivers, completely organized, be sent to him by railroad by to-morrow noon. This depot can furnish them, but they cannot be spared without injury to the service here. Shall they be sent?

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

CULPEPER, VA., May 3, 1864.

(Received 8.50 p. m.)

Brigadier-General MEIGS, Quartermaster-General:

Send no more wagons to the Ninth Corps. I have informed Burnside that he must send back everything his present supply of teams will not draw.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

MEADE'S HEADQUARTERS,

May 3, 1864 - noon.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have issued the orders for to-morrow; they can be suspended, if desired. General Burnside has sent 400,000 rations to Brandy. I am a little nervous about them in case the enemy to-morrow should cross and advance. Had he not better send as large a force as he can spare to be at Brandy to-morrow soon after daylight. Nothing new from the other side. No indications of disputing the passage of the lower fords.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CULPEPER, May 3, 1864 - 3.30 p. m.

Major-General MEADE, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

You will move according to the orders issued. Burnside knows the fact, and has certainly made arrangements for guarding his stores. I will telegraph him, however.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 3, 1864 - 8 p. m. (Received 8.30 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT, Culpeper:

I shall leave these headquarters at 5 a. m. to-morrow and proceed to Germanna Ford, via Stevensburg. Should I leave Germanna Ford before you arrive, a staff officer will be left at that point to indicate where I may be found.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

