
Each division and brigade headquarters will be allowed to move with its authorized spring wagon and pack animals. Commanders of divisions and independent brigades are authorized to take with their commands transportation for five days' forage for such animals as are not provided for by existing orders. The wagons exclusively for forage will be permitted to accompany each battery. The reserve ammunition of the artillery will not move with the Artillery Brigade. The pickets will be withdrawn at 8 p. m. The brigade of the Second Division, at Stony Mountain, will move at 8 p. m., joining its division. The supply train of the brigade will at the same time be moved to the north side of the Stevensburg and Germanna Ford road as near the Second Division camp as practicable, and the quartermaster in charge will report its location to the chief quartermaster of the corps. The right of way before 12 p. m. will be promptly given to any cavalry or bridge trains moving from near Paoli Mills across the Stevensburg and Germanna Ford road. The men previous to marching will be supplied with three days' full rations in haversacks and three days' bread and small rations in knapsacks, and 50 rounds of ammunition on the person. Three days' beef on the hoof will be drawn by commissaries of divisions and independent brigades.

One-half of the intrenching tools will move at the head of the ammunition train of the leading division. The commanding officer of the engineer detachment will detail an officer to take charge of these wagons. The Second, Third, and Fourth Divisions will each detail a regiment about 350 strong for guard for that portion of the train that does not immediately follow the command. These regiments are to rendezvous at these headquarters, and will be under the command of the senior officer present, who will obtain from the corps quartermaster, Lieutenant Colonel R. N. Batchelder, all the information necessary as to the location of the trains. No other guards will be allowed with any part of the trains. All safeguards are to be called in by 9 p. m. Headquarters of the corps will remain at Cole's Hill till 1 a. m. on the 4th. Captain McEntee, assistant quartermaster, will have general charge of the train that moves with the troops.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,May 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General BARLOW,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to repeat the verbal order he gave you this afternoon, that the head of your column must be at Ely's Ford by 6 a. m. to-morrow morning, May 4. If the cavalry have not succeeded in laying the bridge on your arrival within sight of the ford, you will mass your division beyond artillery range from the south bank and await orders. If the cavalry have crossed and have advanced sufficiently far, you will continue your movement to the ford and across the bridge, unless you receive other instructions.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

