
CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,

May 3, 1864.

This command will move promptly at 11.30 o'clock to-night, the Second Brigade leading, ambulances, forage wagons, and ammunition trains following division, 50 rounds of ammunition on person, three days' rations in haversacks, three days' bread and small rations in knapsacks, three days' beef on hoof, one hospital and one medical wagon to each brigade. The spring wagons and pack-mules to each brigade headquarters allowed. Quartermaster's department will furnish transportation for five days' forage with command. The one hundred and tenth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers will be detailed for train guard, and commanding officer will report for orders. Pickets will be relieved at 8 p. m., and provision made to provide them with requisite rations and ammunition. Great care will be used to avoid all music or beating of drums, and commanding officers will be held strictly responsible for all unusual fires or any demonstration that would betray the movement to the enemy. All guards, safeguards, and detachments will be promptly relieved at once, and without further orders. The march for to-morrow may be a fatiguing one, but the commanding general is confident of the full support of his command, to endure all that could be expected of men. Success depends on celerity and boldness, and in the full and cheerful obedience of officers and men to orders.

By command of Major-General Birney:

F. BIRNEY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., SECOND CORPS, Numbers 27. May 3, 1864.

The undersigned hereby assumes command of this division.

G. MOTT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 3, 1864.

Major-General WARREN:

Relieve the guard at Cedar Mountain at once, and draw in your pickets to-night.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

GARNETT'S MOUNTAIN, May 3, 1864.

General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

No movements. All quiet.

FULLER,

Signal Officer.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

May 3, 1864.

GENERAL: The First Division, followed by the Third, will move at midnight, crossing the Mountain Run at the double bridge; thence

