
CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

May 3, 1864.

The division will move at midnight in the following order: First, Second, and Third Brigades. Half the ammunition and half the ambulance trains will accompany the division; one hospital and one medicine wagons for each brigade; wagons for four days' forage and one wagon for headquarters of the division and each brigade, and the wagons for sales to officers. No other wagons will be allowed. Infantry will take 50 rounds of ammunition upon their persons, besides full rations in their haversacks, three days' bread and small rations in their knapsacks, and three days' beef on the hoof. Brigade commanders will give instructions to all officers to prevent their men building fires along the line or any unusual ones before leaving camp, so as not to disclose our movements to the enemy. Reveille will be at 11 p. m.

By command of Brigadier-General Griffin:

C. B. MERVINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS PENNSYLVANIA RESERVES,

THIRD DIVISIONS, FIFTH CORPS,

May 3, 1864.

I. The troops of this division will be in readiness to move at midnight.

II. Fifty rounds of ammunition will be carried upon the persons of the men, three days' full rations in the haversacks, three days' bread and small rations in the knapsacks, three days' beef on the hoof.

III. No fires will be kindled along the line of march for any purpose whatever. Brigade commanders are directed to take especial care that no bonfires are kindled upon leaving camp.

IV. One hospital wagon and one medicine wagon for each brigade, one wagon for brigade headquarters and the wagons for sales to officers, are allowed.

V. The following will be the order of march: First, the First Brigade; second, the Third Brigade; third, the ambulance train and medicine wagons; fourth, the ammunition train and subsistence wagons; fifth, the forage wagons.

VI. All details from the First Rifles will be at once returned to that regiment, which will habitually lead the column on the march.

VII. Colonel McCandless, commanding First Brigade, will send a staff officer to report to the adjutant-general of the division at midnight.

By command of General Crawford, commanding division:

ROBT. A. MCCOY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 4TH DIV., 5TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 44. May 3, 1864.

This command will move at 12 o'clock to-night, brigades in their numerical order. The First Brigade will move out of its camp at precisely 12 midnight. No transportation except the following will

