
be allowed to accompany the troops, viz: Brigade headquarters transports, one wagon with officers' supplies, one wagon with forage. The hospital and one-half the ambulance train will likewise follow the command. The order issued to-day as to the use of brigade headquarters transports is so far revoked that they will be loaded at the discretion of brigade commanders, but not so as to prevent the conveyance of one or two officers if necessary. Pack animals will be allowed to accompany brigades and regiments.

By command of Brigadier-General Wadsworth:

A. W. H. GILL,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,

May 3, 1864.

This corps will move to-morrow at 4 a. m. by way of Stevensburg and the Germanna plank road to Germanna Ford, crossing the Rapidan after the Fifth Corps. The Second Division, Brigadier-General Getty commanding, will take the advance. Colonel Tompkins, commanding Artillery Brigade, will order one battery to report to General Getty. The First Division, Brigadier-General Wright commanding, Artillery Brigade, Colonel Tompkins commanding, and Third Division, Brigadier-General Ricketts, will follow in the order named. Fifty rounds of ammunition upon the person, three days' full rations in the haversacks, three days' bread and small rations in the knapsacks, and three days' beef upon the hoof will be carried.

The corps will take one-half its infantry ammunition, one-half the intrenching tools, one hospital and one medicine wagon for each brigade, one-half the ambulance trains and the light spring wagons allowed at the various headquarters. No other trains or means of transportation than those just specified will accompany the corps except such wagons as may be necessary for the forage for immediate use (five days'). The artillery will have with it the ammunition of the caissons only. The subsistence and other trains loaded with forage, ammunition, &amp; c., heretofore ordered, will be assembled under the directions of the acting chief quartermaster of the corps in the vicinity of Richardsville, with a view of crossing the Rapidan at Ely's and Culpeper Mine Fords with the trains of the other corps.

The Fourth Brigade, First Division, Brigadier-General Shaler commanding, is detailed as guard for the train, and will be so disposed as to protect the train on the arch and in park. No other guards whatever will be allowed. So much of the bridge train as may be necessary to bridge the Rapidan at Culpeper Mine Ford will proceed to Richardsville, in rear of the Reserve Artillery, and as soon as it is ascertained that the Reserve Artillery is crossing will move to Culpeper Mine Ford, where the bridge will be established. The engineers of the bridge train will at once open a road from Culpeper Mine Ford direct to Richardsville. Whatever of the train is not needed for the purpose will accompany the trains of the corps under direction of the acting chief quartermaster, as above specified. When the bridge at Culpeper Mine Ford is taken up it will move with the trains of the corps. During the movement division commanders will occupy the roads on the right flank to cover the passage of the troops, and will keep flankers well out in that direction.

