HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 3, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

The commanding general has directed that the line of telegraph between these headquarters and the Cavalry Corps be taken down, and also the line to General Wilson.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RESERVE BRIGADE, CAVALRY CORPS,

May 3, 1864.

Colonel FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff:

The following is forwarded for information of the major-general commanding: Lieutenant Ward, commanding pickets at Morton's Ford, writes at 4.30 a. m., that the long roll was beat at 2.30 a. m. to the right and left of my picket-line; unusually large fires in front of me in some places; looks as if the enemy were leaving their camps. Everything else quiet. The enemy has been reported every day for some time as being extremely vigilant, doubling his pickets and sounding reveille quite early.

Very respectfully,

W. MERRITT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]

MAY 3, 1864.

Copy of the above sent to General Humphreys, 10 a. m.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you move your division at 2 a. m. to-morrow to Ely's Ford and cross the Rapidan as soon as the canvas pontoon bridge is placed. If the river is fordable, cross at the ford; then as soon as the infantry of the Second Corps is up to the ford you will move to Piney Branch Church, or in that vicinity, throwing reconnaissances well out on the Pamunkey road toward Spotsylvania Court-House, Hamilton's Crossing, and Fredericksburg. The road past Piney Branch Church, Todd's Tavern, &amp; c., will be kept clear for the passage of the infantry the following day. You will remain in this position to cover the passage of the army trains, and will move with them and cover their left flank. Your command will move with three days' rations in haversacks, two days' forage on horses and two days' in the wagons, in accordance with existing orders on the subject. Your subsistence in wagons will also be in accordance with existing orders. You will take with you your ambulances, transportation

