
Heckmann's command has loaded wagons with ammunition of caliber 574. He has gone for the rest in steamer to Fort Monroe, and will be at Grove Landing with it early in the morning. It will be divided out on the dock among the regiments requiring it. Transports will be there to-morrow during the day with a load of forage, which will be unloaded and the ammunition put on according to assignment of regiments. Your command will march so as to arrive at Grove Landing when it is fairly dark to-morrow evening, at which time you will commence to embark. You will make your men comfortable; show no lights and permit no noise. About 2.30 a. m. 5th instant you will move out into the stream, so as to fall in rear of Heckman's brigade when it arrives. Some signal will be designated to you by which you will know his rear boat (by telegraph). You will disembark, left in front, and embark accordingly. Heckman's embarkation will be attended to at these headquarters. Inclosed I send two copies of list of transports.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Yorktown, Va., May 3 1864.

Brigadier-General WISTAR,

Commanding Brigade, Second Div., Eighteenth Army Corps.

GENERAL: The major-general commanding corps directs me to give you the following orders: Your command will march so that the head of your column will reach the wharf at 7.30 a. m. precisely to-morrow. You will order your embarkation so that you may debark left in front. As soon as the head of your brigade reaches the wharf you will report in person at these headquarters for further instructions.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., May 3, 1864.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

A. A. G., Dept. of Va. and N. C., Fortress Monroe, Va.:

MAJOR: I had the honor of addressing you a few days ago concerning the large amount of subsistence stores arriving here.* Since that time, however, I have been informed by Captain Goldthwait, commissary of subsistence at this post, that he was told by Colonel Small that no more stores were to be sent to this post. Colonel Small, however, gave no directions concerning the disposition of the stores which had already arrived. A large schooner, the Merchon, is now lying at Hatteras loaded with commissary stores, and drawing so much water that she cannot get across the bar, and as Colonel Small said to Captain Goldthwait that he wanted all the subsistence stores that he could get at Fortress Monroe, I have determined to take the responsibility of sending her to the fortress. The

---------------

* See Vol. XXXIII, p. 1031.

---------------

