
GERMANNA FORD, May 4, 1864.

(Received 1.50 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The crossing of the Rapidan effected. Forty-eight hours now will demonstrate whether the enemy intends giving battle this side of Richmond. Telegraph Butler that we have crossed the Rapidan.

U. W. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 4, 1864.

SOLDIERS: Again you are called upon to advance on the enemies of your country. The time and the occasion are deemed opportune by your commanding general to address you a few words of confidence and caution. You have been reorganized, strengthened, and fully equipped in every respect. You form a part of the several armies of your country, the whole under the direction of an able and distinguished general, who enjoys the confidence of the Government, the people, and the army. Your movement being in co-operation with others, it is of the utmost importance that no effort should be left unshared to make it successful. Soldiers! the eyes of the whole country are looking with anxious hope to the blow you are about to strike in the most sacred cause that ever called men to arms.

Remember your homes, your wives and children, and bear in mind that the sooner your enemies are overcome the sooner you will be returned to enjoy the benefits and blessings of peace. Bear with patience the hardships and sacrifices you will be called upon to endure.

Have confidence in your officers and in each other. Keep your ranks on the march and on the battle-field, and let each man earnestly implore God's blessing, and endeavor by his thoughts and actions to render himself worthy of the favor he seeks. With clear consciences and strong arms, actuated by a high sense of duty, fighting to preserve the Government and the institutions handed down to us by our forefathers - if true to ourselves - victory, under God's blessing, must and will attend our efforts.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 4, 1864 - 7.15 p. m.

General RAWLINS:

Transmitting the accompanying order of march for the 5th instant, I am directed by the major-general commanding to state that he has directed his headquarters to be ready to move to-morrow morning at 5 o'clock.

S. WILLIAMS.

