
[Inclosure.]

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

May 4, 1864 - 6 p. m.

The following movements are ordered for the 5th of May, 1864:

1. Major-General Sheridan, commanding Cavalry Corps, will move with Gregg's and Torbert's divisions against the enemy's cavalry in the direction of Hamilton's Crossing. General Wilson, with the Third Cavalry Division, will move at 5 a. m. to Craig's Meeting-House, on the Catharpin road. He will keep out parties on the Orange Court-House pike and plank roads, the Catharpin road, Pamunkey road (road to Orange Springs), and in the direction of Twyman's Store and Andrews' Tavern or Good Hope Church.

2. Major-General Hancock, commanding Second Corps, will move at 5 a. m. to Shady Grove Church and extend his right toward the Fifth Corps at Parker's Store.

3. Major-General Warren, commanding Fifth Corps, will move at 5 a. m. to Parker's Store, on the Orange Court-House plank road, and extend his right toward the Sixth Corps at Old Wilderness Tavern.

4. Major-General Sedgwick, commanding Sixth Corps, will move to Old Wilderness Tavern, on the Orange Court-House pike, as soon as the road is clear. He will leave a division to cover the bridge at Germanna Ford until informed from these headquarters of the arrival of General Burnside's troops there.

5. The Reserve Artillery will move to Corbin's Bridge as soon as the road is clear.

6. The trains will be parked in the vicinity of Todd's Tavern.

7. Headquarters will be on the Orange Court-House plank road near the Fifth Corps.

8. After reaching the points designated, the army will he held ready to move forward.

9. The commanders of the Fifth and Sixth Corps will keep out detachments on the roads on their right flank. The commander of the Second Corps will do the same on the roads on his front. These flankers and pickets will be thrown well out and their troops be held ready to meet the enemy at any moment.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STONY MOUNTAIN, May 4, 1864 - 7.30 a. m.

Captain FISHER:

Enemy's camps unchanged. Party at work in rear of Raccoon Ford. Two parties of 100 men have just come down near Dr. Morton's house.

TAYLOR.

PONY MOUNTAIN, May 4, 1864 - 9 a. m.

Captain FISHER:

Atmosphere unfavorable for observation.

PAINE.

