
vision, followed by Second, First Division in rear. The batteries will march with the divisions in the order of assignment of to-day. Flankers will be thrown well out to the right from each division. In passing any road, each division will leave a detachment in a good covering position, well out on the right flank, to hold the road while it passes, this detachment to be relieved by the division next in rear. The trains will move with their divisions, and on the left of the road, the infantry marching on the right. The troops must be kept well closed and held well in hand, ready to meet an attack at any moment. The head of column will move slowly, to enable the divisions to keep well closed up on each other. The necessity for this is paramount, and must be kept constantly in mind.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Wilderness, May 4, 1864 - 3.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General GRIFFIN,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you make a detail of 600 men from your command, to picket the front of your division. You will connect on the left with General Crawford and on the right with General Robinson. Colonel Jenkins, One hundred and forty-sixty New York Volunteers, is detailed as general officer of outposts.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 4, 1864.

Captain C. B. MERVINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: My picket-line is established. General Ayres has not sent a picket out yet. When he does he says he will connect with me. Sweitzer's line will connect with my left.

Very respectfully,

JOS. J. BARTLETT,

Brigadier-General.

Cavalry withdrawing their lines.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,

May 4, 1864.

This division will move to-morrow at 6 a. m. in the same order as to-day, the First Brigade following the Second Division. The troops will march by the left flank. Strong flankers will be thrown out in time to take the place of the picket, which will be withdrawn at 6 a. m. Troops will keep the right of the road, leaving the road for the trains. The troops will be kept well closed up and ready to meet the enemy at any moment. The ammunition train will follow the ambulances.

By command of Brigadier-General Wright:

HENRY R. DALTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

