
of large fires will be exercised. At daybreak,4 a.m., the men will repack the saddles, and stand to horse. In case of an attack, the instructions given to commanding officers to-day will be complied with.

By command of Colonel J. Irvin Gregg:

JNO. B. MAITLAND,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD CAV. DIV., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Parter's Store, Va., May 4, 1864 - 2.10 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps:

Chapman's brigade is now here; Bryan close up. Only a few men seen; 1 rebel captured on his way from Gordonsville to Hamilton's Cross-Roads, where his regiment is lying. I send herewith a civilian, Mr. Sime, a citizen of Great Britain. He says he left Orange yesterday 2 p. m. Longstreet's corps lies between there and Gordonsville, part at the latter place; Ewell and Hill about Orange Court-House. Troops well down toward Mine Run, on all the roads, except this one; none on this road nearer than 7 miles to this place. He seems well disposed, and if properly rewarded may give other valuable information. I have sent patrols well out in all directions, but as yet hear of nothing, except few light parties scattered through the by-roads. Mr. Sime thinks no re-enforcements received by Lee since Longstreet's arrival. Beauregard not here. The roads from Old Wilderness Tavern very narrow and sometimes obscure. Distance about 5 miles. Plank road in fine condition. My position a very good one. Will report again soon.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. 3rd DIV., CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Parker's Store, May 4, 1864 - 7.40 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff:

I have executed all orders so far. Be good enough to send instructions for to-morrow. My patrols have been to the Catharpin road. Did not see Gregg, and only 2 of the enemy; also to within 1 mile of Mine Run, on Orange pike, skirmishing with small detachments of the enemy. Patrol to Robertson's Tavern not yet heard from. Am strongly posted, and shall be ready to move at 3.30 a. m. Will send word as soon as I hear from Robertson's again.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

CIRCULAR.*] HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,

CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

May 4, 1864 - 5.30.

Brigade commanders will establish well their pickets on the road to the right and left of this place; dismounted men to be well thrown

---------------

* This dispatch was captured by a detachment of the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia.

---------------

