
CAMP PALMER, May 4, 1864.

(Via Batchelder's Creek. Received 7.45 p. m.)

General PALMER:

The firing has ceased for the present but shells have been thrown a quarter of a mile beyond Rocky Run. I should like instructions. If I am to stay here to-night I ought to have re-enforcements.

JAS. W. SAVAGE,

Colonel, Twelfth [New York] Cavalry.

CAMP PALMER, May 4, 1864 - 8.30 p. m.

Lieutenant WILLIAM M. PRATT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Everything has been quiet for an hour. Our pickets are a few hundred yards beyond Rocky Run. The rebels have thrown shells into and over this camp.

JAS. W. SAVAGE.

NEW BERNE, May 4, 1864 - 8.35 p. m.

Colonel SAVAGE:

I have received your last. Keep your men in hand, and harass the enemy as much as possible, if you are forced to retreat. Lieutenant Ward, my aide, will be with you soon, to bring any information. I think it is better not to send any re-enforcements, as our fight must be here. I still think this movement is a feeler, intended to annoy us, but I may be wrong.

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

CAMP PALMER, May 4, 1864.

General PALMER:

The force that drove in our pickets at Deep Gully consisted of two companies of cavalry, about 150 infantry, and two 10-pounder Parrott guns. At Rocky Run our howitzers stopped them. Our pickets are all in except some infantry that fell back on Red House. The artillery was withdrawn beyond range of our pieces about sundown, and since then everything has been quiet. I think the attack will not be renewed until dawn. Would it not be well to send out a few wagons, say ten, so that no loss of property would ensue if we are driven in? Some additional shell and shrapnel case for our howitzer would be acceptable.

JAS. W. SAVAGE.

STATION Numbers 1, May 4, 1864 - 10.30 p. m.

Colonel SAVAGE:

No fighting nor enemy seen. Still in view of your forces being driven back, I had the Red House forces retire this way. I think a reconnaissance should be made toward morning by you.

P. J. CLAASSEN,

Colonel, Commanding Outposts.

