
I reached a position on the pike in rear of the Half-Way House about noon, where I was informed that the entire command was to retire to our entrenchments. General Terry furnished the rear guard from his division. The enemy did not follow or annoy us, but on the following day established himself in our front and intrenched himself so as to cover the railroad. On the 20th a vigorous attack was made on my pickets and possession gained of the advance rifle-pits on General Ames' front, and a portion of General Terry's. General Ames attempted to recover his ground buff failed. On General Terry's front the line was re-established by Colonel Howell's brigade, after a severe and sanguinary fight. Colonel Howell conducted the attack with great skill and gallantry. Our loss on that day was 702. The enemy acknowledge to a loss of 800, including Brigadier General W. S. Walker, wounded and taken prisoner. In the several actions from the 7th to the 20th, the Tenth Corps lost an aggregate of 3,387 in killed, wounded, and missing . The missing about 800, were mostly killed or badly wounded in the battle of Drewry's Bluff.

To my division commanders and the members of my staff I am under obligations for most efficient co-operation and aid.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

Colonel J. W. SHAFFER,

Chief of Staff, Dept. of Va. and N. C.

A D D E N D A.

Itinerary of the Tenth Army Corps, May 5-june 12.*

May 5.- Corps proceeded to Bermuda Hundred, Chesterfield County va., and commenced disembarking.

May 6.-Completed disembarkation and commenced entrenchments near Ware Bottom Church.

May 7.-Action at Port Walthall Junction.

May 9.-Action at Swift Creek; destroyed portion of Petersburg and Richmond Railroad.

May 10.-Action at Chester Station.

May 13.-Outer line of works on Drewry's Bluff carried by Third New Hampshire and Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

May 16.-Repulsed repeated attacks of the enemy and retired to entrenchments; numerous skirmishes on the picket-line during the remainder of the month.

May 27.- Infantry of divisions of Generals Turner and Ames temporarily assigned to duty with the Eighteenth Corps, and reorganized by Major-General Smith, commanding.

June 1.-The Second and Third Divisions, accompanying command of Major-General Smith, moved to Cold Harbor and participated in that engagement.

June 12.-The Second and Third Dvisions re-embarked at White House and rejoined the corps.

---------------

*From returns for May and June.

---------------

