
their commands are located, the fatigued condition of the men rendering in difficult to rouse them early enough, and the necessity of some daylight, to properly put in re-enforcements. All these considerations induce me to suggest the attack it for 4.30, but am of the opinion it will be more likely to be simultaneous if made at 6. Should you permit this change I will advise corps commanders. It appears to be the general opinion among prisoners that Longstreet was not in the action to-day, though expected, and that his position was to be on their right or our left. His force supposed to be about 12,000. He probably will attack Hancock to-morrow. I have notified Hancock of look out for his left, but think it will be well to have Willcox up as soon as possible.

GEO. G. MEADE
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,In Field, near Wilderness Tavern, Va., May 5, 1864.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that you may change the hour of attack to 5 o'clock, as he is afraid that if delayed until 6 o'clock the enemy will take the initiative, which he desires specially to avoid. General Burnside is directed to bring up General Willcox's division with his other troops if they can possibly be spared, and will probably bring them.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

W. R. ROWLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Military Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

May 5, 1864.

GENERAL: A man from Wofford's brigade, McLaws' division (General Kershaw commanding division), was taken at 9 this a.m. near the plank road. Says his division came down the plank road this a.m. and filed off to the right of the plank, coming this way. How far he don't know, but his brigade was thee last in line. Longstreet has but two divisions. Says his division has not yet been much engaged.

Respectfully,GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

May 5, 1864.

Information has been received that Averell has cut the Tennessee railroad and destroyed a depot of supplies at Dublin; also that General Butler has carried the outer works at Fort Darling and closely invested the garrison.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

