HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Wilderness Tavern, May 5, 1864-5 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

My command is just starting out. As I have but little ways to move I keep my trains with me instead of sending them around by the plank road, which I fear might interfere with the main trains, which I understand to be those to be assembled at Todd's Tavern.

I find this morning that General Griffin failed to send a regiment with his wagon train as directed. Where shall I send the regiment to meet the train? The infantry guard I have with the train is about 800; I meant to have 1,200. An officer of pioneers positively failed to execute a very simple order last evening. I propose to make a severe example of him.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,May 5, 1864-6 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: General Griffin has just sent in word that a force of the enemy has been reported to him coming down the turnpike. The foundation of the report is not given. Until it is more definitely ascertained no change will take place in the movements ordered. Such demonstration are to be expected, and show the necessity for keeping well closed and prepared to face toward Mine Run and meet and attack at a moment's notice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. K. WARREN.

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - I will remain at my old headquarters until 7 a.m.

G. K. W.

6.20 A. M

General Bartlett sends in word that the enemy has a line of infantry with skirmishers out advancing. We shall soon know more. I have arranged for General Griffin to hold the pike until the Sixth Corps comes up, at all events.

MAY 5, 1864-11 a.m.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIFTH CORPS:

General Getty has been ordered to move out promptly to Orange plank road and drive the enemy back beyond Parker's Store. They are reported by an officer of the cavalry regiment there to have advanced down the plank road, 1 mile this side, on the Chancellorsville side of Parker's Store.

A. A. HUMPHREYS.

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

