HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Todd's Tavern, May 5, 1864-2.45 p.m.

Colonel J. W. FORSYTH, Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps:

The regiment sent to Fredericksburg went there and found no enemy. The party sent on the old Mine road came upon the rear guard of two brigades of rebel cavalry moving from Hamilton's Crossing to Massaponax Church. I find here everything; infantry, and Chapman's brigade on the rear of the infantry. General Wilson is falling back to this point, followed by the enemy. Colonel Chapman reports the enemy that attacked very superior to his [force] and compelled him to retire. General Wilson has not yet arrived, and I can't say what I will do. The infantry (Second Corps) are moving on the Brock road. I have my command here and will receive the enemy.

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Chancellorsville, May 5, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for information of major-general commanding.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

May 5, 1864-1.10 p.m.

Brigadier-General GREGG.

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

I have ordered General Custer's brigade to move out on the road by the Furnaces until he reaches a point where that road intersects the Brock road. He will then report to you. At the point where he takes position there was a brigade of infantry of the Second Corps, but it has been moved. I will order General Wilson's division back to this place very early in the morning so that it may get ammunition, subsistence, and forage. I will then relieve the other brigades of the First Division and make them available should you be attacked. The right of the infantry line rests at the intersection of the Brock road with the Orange plank road, the line extending to Germanna Ford. There has been a great deal of heavy firing on the infantry lines this p.m, but everything is going right.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,

Parker's Store, May 5, 1864-5 a.m.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

In accordance with orders received yesterday my command is in motion toward the Catharpin road. My pickets report nothing new from the enemy this morning.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

