
CITY POINT, May 5, 1864-9 p.m.

(Via Fortress Monroe 11.30 a.m. 6th)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

We have seized Wison's Wharf, landing a brigade (Wild's colored troops) there; Fort Powhatan,landing two regiments of same brigade. Have landed at City Point Hinks' division of colored troops, remaining brigades, and batteries. Remainder of both Eighteenth and Tenth Army Corps are now being landed at Bermuda Hundred, above the Appomattox. No opposition thus far. Apparently a complete surprise. Both army corps left Yorktown during last night. Monitors all over the bar at Harrison's Landing and above City Point. The operations of the fleet have been conducted to-day with energy and success. Generals Smith and Gillmore with the army gun-boats, led the advance during the night, capturing the signal stations of the rebels. Colonel West, with 1,800 cavalry, made demonstration from Williamsburg yesterday morning. General Kautz left Suffolk this morning with 3,000 cavalry for the service indicated in conference with the lieutenant-general. The New York, flag-of-truce boat, was found lying at the wharf with 400 rebel prisoners, which she had not had time to deliver. She went up yesterday morning. We are landing the troops during the night-a hazardous service in the face of the enemy.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,On Board Transport, James River, May 5, 1864-11 a.m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. E. FULLER,

Chief Quartermaster Tenth Army Corps:

The transport Monohansett will report at once to the major-general commanding Tenth Corps in James River.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,Bermuda Hundred, May 5, 1864-8.15 p.m.

Brigadier General A. AMES,

Commanding Third Division, Tenth Army Corps:

The right division of the Eighteenth Corps, General Smith informs me, is to be formed in columns of division, but not with deploying intervals. For to-night you will make the same disposition of your command on the right of the Eighteenth Corps, if there is room. If not, fill up the interval between the right of the Eighteenth Corps and James River, holding the balance of your command in reserve.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

