
return immediately. We are now being harassed some by the enemy, and I think they have cut off our communication with Morehead City. However, I still think it is merely a raid on the railroad, and even if we are cut off for a few days we can hold our own. It is my firm belief that all the available rebel forces have been called to Virginia, but I may be mistaken. I hope Mr. King's torpedoes may be a success, and that they will do service. Please inform me always if there is anything I can do to assist the fleet.

I remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., May 5, 1864.

Colonel J. JOURDAN,

Commanding Sub-District of Beaufort:

COLONEL: This morning our communication with you was cut off by the enemy, who gained possession of the railroad. I regard this as merely a raid, and something which is likely to occur at any time. I hope you have been able to hold your own at Morehead, and that this may be only a temporary interruption. The rebels have to-day established their forces, some batteries included, on the railroad within 2 miles of the Trent River, but I have no fears from them. If you will only keep them off for three days I can assure you that you will be relieved from the present pressure. Ask the naval commander to assist you with his gun-boats, and we will be all right in a few days. This present demonstration of the enemy is only a raid, in my opinion, for I think all their forces are called to Virginia. I will send you the First, North Carolina, and some other re-enforcements very soon. Don't let your people get stampeded. It is all right if you will only hold on for three or four days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER.

Brigadier-General.

[Memorandum by signal operator.]

CAMP PALMER, May 5, 1864.

At daybreak Lieutenant-Colonel McNary returned to Red House with his command, and Sergeant Morrow with his men was ordered to accompany him and reopen the signal station at that point. Private Polly, from Station Numbers 5. (Beech Grove), reported to New Berne for duty.

STATION Numbers 1, May 5, 1864-7.40 a.m.

Captain PURDY:

You can resume your ordinary posts and use your usual vigilance. Your actions have been very satisfactory to me last night. As soon as possible return those extra cavalry to these headquarters.

By command of Colonel Claassen:

J. M. LOGAN.

Adjutant.

28 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT II

