
regret to say that my loss is heavy, amounting to something over 1,300 men in the regiments of my division proper, without counting the commands of General Marston and Colonel White, from whom I have no returns.

I forward herewith nominal lists* of the killed, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

A D D E N D A.

Itinerary of the First Division, Tenth Army Corps, May 4-June 9.+

May 4.-Brigadier General A. H. Terry took command of the division; embarked on steamers at Gloucester Point, Va., and proceeded to James River.

May 5.-Proceeded up James River to Bermuda Hundred and commenced disembarkation.

May 6.-Completed disembarkation and proceeded to near Ware Bottom Church.

May 7.-Three regiments of Third Brigade detached and, reporting to Major General W. F. Smith, participated in action near Port Walthall Junction.

May 9.-The Firs and Second Brigades moved on Petersburg and Richmond Railroad at Chester Station and Port Walthall Junction; Second Brigade in reserve at action on Swift Creek.

May 10.-Part of First and Second Brigades in action at Chester Station.

May 12.-The Second and Third and part of First Brigades engaged in movement on Drewry's Bluff.

May 13.- Outer line of enemy's works carried by Third New Hampshire and Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania, of Ames' division.

May 14 and 15.-Engaged from time to time with enemy in front of their works.

May 16.-Severely engaged with enemy, whose repeated attacks on the troops of the division were uniformly repulsed. In obedience to orders from Major-General Butler, retired to entrenchments.

May 20.-The enemy attacked the pickets in front of the division and in front of Ames' division . The picket-line was driven and the enemy occupied our rifle-pits. The line was afterward regained by a charge of the First Brigade, re-enforced by the Sixth Connecticut and One hundred and forty-second New York Volunteers, of Turner's division.

At various times too numerous to mention during the month skirmishing took place on the picket-line in front of our entrenchments.

June 1 and 2. -Heavy skirmishing in front of entrenchments.

June 9.-Movement upon Petersburg, under command of Major General Gillmore, in which the Second Brigade took part.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 13.

+From returns for May and June.

---------------

