
from the left up to the plank road. The enemy was finally and completely repulsed at 5 o'clock. The ammunition being almost exhausted, and the hour for Burnside's attack not having arrived, I did not advance, but threw skirmishers out in pursuit. I wish now to know whether to make the assault you mentioned. I find some slight prospect of an attack farther up the Brock road, but it may be only skirmishers, but still I do not like to leave my position to make an advance with this uncertainty. The enemy's attack was continuous along my line and exceedingly vigorous. Toward the close one brigade of the enemy (Anderson's brigade) took my first line o rifle-pits from a portion of the Excelsior Brigade, but it was finally retaken by Colonel Carroll. The attack and the repulse was of the handsomest kind. Please send me your orders.

Your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,May 6, 1864-5.30 p.m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Owing to the fact that I cannot supply my command with ammunition, my wagons being so far to the rear, having been sent farther back on account of the enemy's assault this morning, I do not think it advisable to attack this evening, as the troops I would select are the ones whose ammunition is exhausted, and I would have no time to prepare a formidable attack, the troops are so mixed up, owing to the occurrences of to-day. Still, if I get the order, I will send some in on my right. The enemy give a little evidence of another attack farther to my right, where I find considerable want of order, which I would wish to correct. Therefore, my opinion is adverse, but I await your order.

Your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 6, 1864-5.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel LYMAN:

Tell General Stevenson, from General Meade, to report at once to General Hancock, and if he cannot find him to report to General Birney with his troops. An aide of General Birney's reported at a little after 5 o'clock that the enemy had broken through Mott's division at the plank road and separating two of Hancock's divisions from the rest. You do not mention it. What are the facts?

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

The line is completely restored. General Stevenson has his order and is in position.

T. LYMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

