
MAY 5, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIFTH CORPS:

Can you send me some infantry to put across the plank road? Stragglers of the Sixth Corps are coming down the road, followed by a column of the enemy. I have directed the infantry (Baxter's) you sent me to form across the plank road, but we want more.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 6, 1864.

Major-General WARREN:

The major-general commanding suggests that one point should be considered in determining the line of entrenchments for the Fifth and Sixth Corps: If the troops should be withdrawn to a position in rear of that they now occupy, it may suggested to the enemy that the line is to be merely a defensive one, and the nature of the intended operation might be surmised. If the line chosen should be to the rear, then a heavy line of skirmishers should be left on the front line, which may retire, when forced to do so, to the entrenchments.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to General Sedgwick.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 6, 1864-11.30 p.m.

Major-General WARREN,Commanding Fifth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that General Grant is very anxious that the new line should be occupied before daylight.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, May 6, 1864-12.30 a.m.

General GRIFFIN:

We are ordered to make another advance to-morrow [to-day] at 5 a.m. precisely, everywhere. I want you to relieve the brigade you have belonging to General Robinson and sent it back to mass in this open field just out of the woods. Your regiment of the train guard will be here by 3 a.m. I shall have 1,500 engineer troops of the pontoon trains; I shall give you them. General Crawford is to close up next to your left, instead of the Maryland Brigade, and move out at the same time you do. I shall try to form a reserve of the two brigade of General Robinson I shall have and the heavy artillery. Everything in the army is to be put in. General Burnside is to come up to-night and take part in the affair to-morrow

