
to their entrenchments. The brigade was left inside of the entrenchments, when our troops advanced to Proctor's Creek, Colonel Howell being left in command of the forces at the entrenchments.

May 15.-The Thirty-ninth Illinois Volunteers ordered by General Butler to convoy an ammunition train to General Gillmore, near Drewry's Bluff.

May 16.-The Thirty-ninth Illinois Volunteers engaged with the enemy; Colonel T. O. Osborn severely wounded.

May 18.-The Thirty-ninth Illinois Volunteers engaged in battle of Proctor's Creek; Major S. S. Linton severely wounded. The regiment returned with the whole command to the entrenchments.

May 20.-The brigade ordered by General Gillmore to move out and retake the rifle pits from which our line had been forced by the enemy, which was promptly done, and our lines re-established with a total loss of 149 killed and wounded. Lieutenant Colonel O. L. Mann, commanding Thirty-ninth, Illinois Volunteers, severely wounded; since which time the brigade has been lying near the line of entrenchments, engaged in the ordinary fatigue and picket duties.

Numbers 13. Report of Captain Leroy A. Baker, Thirty-ninth Illinois Infantry, of operations May 14-16.
HDQRS. THIRTY-NINTH ILLINOIS VETERAN VOLS.,May 21, 1864.

In compliance with instructions from division headquarters, i have the honor to report that on the morning of the 14th instant the Thirty-ninth Regiment Illinois Volunteers was ordered to accompany a supply train to Half-Way, a station on the Richmond and Petersburg Railroad, where we arrived about noon. Colonel Osborn, then commanding the regiment, at once reported to General Gillmore for further instructions, and was assigned to General Marston's command on the extreme left of the line. We had some brisk skirmishing with the enemy during the afternoon, in which Colonel Osborn was wounded. On the during of the 15th we received orders to intrench ourselves, and the Ninety-sixth Pennsylvania and Eighty-first New York Regiments were sent to our support,the three regiments forming the line running west from the railroad to the timber.

We had but little skirmishing during the day, and employed ourselves in digging, a strong line of rifle-pits. The morning of the 16th we were well prepared for the fight. Early in the morning the Ninth-sixth and Eighty-first were taken from us to strengthen some other position, and we deployed so as to occupy the whole line. At 8 o'clock the enemy charged upon our works steadily and splendidly. We reserved our fire until they were within very short range. When we opened them upon they staggered, rallied, charged again, recoiled; then railed and charged the third time. Our fire was too hot for them, however, and they fled in confusion, leaving the field literally covered with their dead and wounded. We now discovered that the forces had given back upon our right and were fighting nearly a mile in our rear. Our ammunition was entirely expended, there was no course left but to retreat. Collecting the wounded, we then fell back in order, receiving but a weak

