
STATION Numbers 2, May 6, 1864-8.45 p. m.

Captain PURDY:

You will send a small scout out to-night, to start after midnight, toward and back of Richardson's, perhaps as far as Watson's. Have an eye to boats crossing river.

JONES,

Captain and Officer of the Day.
HEADQUARTERS, Wilderness, May 7, 1864-10 a. m. (Received by mail from Alexandria, Va., 10 p. m. 12th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Chief of Staff:

We were engaged with the enemy nearly all day, both on the 5th and 6th. Yesterday the enemy attacked our lines vigorously, first at one point and then at another, from right to left. They were repulsed at all points before reaching our lines, except once during the afternoon on Hancock's front and just after right on Sedgwick's front. In the former instance they were promptly and handsomely repulsed; the latter, Milroy's old brigade was attacked and gave way in the greatest confusion, almost without resistance, carrying good troops with them. Had there been daylight the enemy could have injured us very much in the confusion that prevailed;l they, however, instead of getting through the break, attacked General Wright's division, of Sedgwick's corps, and were beaten back. Our losses to this time in killed, wounded, and prisoners will not probably exceed 12,000, of whom an unusually large proportion are but slightly wounded. Among the killed we have to deplore the loss of Generals Wadsworth and Hays. Generals Getty and Bartlett wounded, and Generals Seymour and Shaler taken prisoners. We have about 2,000 prisoners. They report General Jenkins killed and Longstreet wounded. I think the loss of the enemy must exceed ours, but this is only a guess based upon the fact that they attacked and were repulsed so often. I wish you would send me all the information you have from General Sherman, by Bull Run, and all the information from the James River expedition. At present we can claim no victory over the enemy, neither have they gained a single advantage. The enemy pushed out of his fortifications to prevent their position being turned, and have been sooner or later driven back in every instance. Up to this hour the enemy have not shown themselves in force within a mile of our lines.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 7, 1864-5 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

General Hancock writes there are indications the enemy are massing on his left, and he expects to be attacked. Has Burnside any reserve he can send to him? I suggest this because Burnside is the

