
3. The trains of the Second Corps authorized to accompany the troops will be moved at 6 p. m. to Chancellorsville and park on the right of the road, and held ready to move at the same hour with the other trains by way of the Furnaces to Todd's Tavern, keeping clear of the Brock road, which will be used by the troops.

4. Corps commanders will send escorts with with these trains.

5. The Reserve Artillery will move at 7 o'clock, by way of Chancellorsville, Alrich's, and Piney Branch Church, to the intersection of the road from Piney Branch Church to Spotsylvania Court-House and the road from Alsop's to Block house, and park to the rear on the last-named road, so as to give room for the Sixth Corps.

6. At 8.30 p. m. Major-General Warren, commanding the Fifth Corps, wil move to Spotsylvania Court-House by way of the Brock road and Todd's Tavern.

7. At 8.30 p. m. Major-General Sedgwick, commanding Sixth Corps, wil move by the pike and plank roads to Chancellorsville, where he will be joined by the authorized trains of his own corps and those of the Fifth Corps; thence by way of Alrich's and Piney Branch Church to the intersection of the road from Piney Branch Church to Spotsylvania Court-House and the road from Alsop's to Block house. The train of the Fifth Corps will then join its corps at Spotsylvania Court-House.

8. Major-General Hancock, commanding Second Corps, will move to

Todd's Tavern by the Brock road, following the Fifth Corps closely.

9. Headquarters during the movement will be along the route of the Fifth and Second Corps, and at the close of the movement near the Sixth Corps.

10. The pickets of the Fifth and Sixth Corps will be withdrawn at 1 a. m., and those of the Second Corps at 2 a. m., and will follow the routes of their respective corps.

11. The cavalry now under the command of Colonel Hammond will be left by General Sedgwick at the Old Wilderness Tavern, and, upon being informed by General Hancock of the withdrawal of his corps and pickets, will follow that corps.

12. Corps commanders will see that the movements are made with punctuality and promptitude.

13. Major-General Sheridan, commanding Cavalry Corps, will have a sufficient force ont he approaches from the right to keep the corps commanders advised in time of the appearance of the enemy.

14. It is understood that General Burnside's command will follow the Sixth Corps.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT RICHARDSON, VA., May 7, 1864.

Brigadier General H. J. HUNT,

Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Yours of 4th instant is received. There are only five Coehorns now at arsenal, but the rest are expected very soon, and fifty have been ordered with all possible speed. I have ordered experiments with the light 12-pounder gun as a mortar to-day, and will report results as soon as obtained. The Ordnance Department has

