HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, May 7, 1864-7.20 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have had an officer 1 mile out on the Orange plank road this morning in front of my position without seeing anything of the enemy. I have ordered my skirmishers to advance, and when I meet them I will report to you immediately. This does not refer to my extreme left, but I have directed my skirmishers to feel them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK.

I should like to know whether the cavalry are at the Furnaces and at the junction of the Breck road from the Furnaces and at Todd's Tavern, or down the Brock road to my line.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 7, 1864-7.45 a. m. (Received 8.30 a. m.)

Major-General HANCOCK,Commanding Second Corps:

Burnside reports a movement of wagons during the night and indications this morning that the enemy have left a portion of his front, or are not in such force as they were yesterday. He is pushing out his skirmishers to feel them. You had better do the same along the plank road and also along the Brock road as far as they can go. Have you any connection with our cavalry on the Brock road?

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 7, 1864-8.20 a. m. (Received 9 a. m.)

Major-General HANCOCK:

It is of the utmost importance that I should know as soon as possible what force, if any, of the enemy is on your left. Please ascertain by any means in your power. The cavalry are at Alrich's, at the Furnaces, and the crossing of the Brock road by the road from the Furnaces and directed to look to your left. There are indications of the enemy massing in front of Warren; either you or he is to be attacked, and I think he, from their abandoning the Orange plank road. Still I wish to know from your left, and it is all important that I receive information at once. What has become of the Vermont brigade, Getty's division; can you not return it to the Sixth Corps?

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

