HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 7, 1864-9.15 a. m. (Received 9.40 a. m.)

Major-General HANCOCK:

The Sixtieth Ohio and the Seventy-ninth New York Infantry belong to General Burnside's command and are now on his extreme left and your right; please transfer the control of them to General Burnside. There is no indication that I can hear of the enemy showing toward our right or taking advantage of General Sedgwick's falling back. I am anxiously waiting for intelligence from your command on the Brock road.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 7, 1864-9.15 a. m.

General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

There is some slight picket-firing in front and on the left of the plank road, and a line of skirmishers reported having been seen. I am not certain that it is a fact. I am pushing my skirmishers in every direction up the Brock road and the country road south.

-----

companies and two regiments deployed up the plank road. One officer of General Birney reports having seen up the plank road from the skirmish line a line of the enemy, facing the plank road, but General Birney does not credit it. I will son know the truth, and will send you accurate information. There is a line of breastworks (I send a sketch* showing it) on the plank road about a mile or a mile and a quarter to the front occupied by the enemy. One of our sharpshooters has just been killed there.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 7, 1864-9.40 a. m.

General WILLIAMS:

My pickets connect with Willcox's division, Ninth Corps. This line is a continuation of line of battle of Ninth Corps, said to be a quarter of a mile distant. I will relieve the Vermont brigade, unless something develops here immediately. I have ordered those regiments of General Burnside to report as directed. I have sent for the guide, and he will be sent, if here. The cavalry on the Brock road have not connected with our infantry, which is at the angle of the road connecting with the Furnaces. I should have had more information from the front had I known this; but I understood from Colonel Wadsworth (who is here) that the cavalry is only three-fourths of a mile from my infantry. I am yet in doubt whether that rebel rifle-pit isn't a reserve of a picket, although they had no picket out, and my man was shot from the breast-work.

Your obedient servant,WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

