
fire from the rebels upon our flanks. On reaching the fort on Hospital Hill, we were ordered to the rear, and arrived inside of our present line of works at 9 p. m. We entered the fight with about 550 men; our losses were 122 killed and wounded. Among the killed were 2 captains and the adjutant; and the colonel, major, 1 captain and 2 lieutenants were wounded.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

LEROY A. BAKER,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS.

Numbers 14. Report of Captain Robert P. Hughes, Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations May 10.

BERMUDA HUNDRED, VA.,

May 11, 1864.

COLONEL: In accordance with your instructions, I proceeded with Companies C and H to destroy the torpedo, station on James River. We proceeded without any opposition until within about 600 yards of the station, when the enemy's outposts opened upon our advance, to which we paid no attention and soon reached the station, but the firing of the outposts had been sufficient to alarm the agents of the station, for we found their supper on the table and everything denoted a hasty departure. Upon carefully searching, we found in the sand back of the house some rope; upon drawing it found it firmly attached to something but the rope gave way without any explosion much to our surprise. But we then discovered that the explosion was caused by using a galvanic battery. We then proposed to trace the course of the rope to the water's edge, and by that means draw the torpedo attached to the shore, but the rope giving way under ground we were again foiled. We then made search for signs of it at the water's edge, but none could be discovered. We then fired the buildings connected with the station, and an old building near by, and returned to camp without casualty, after an absence of one hour.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. P. HUGHES,

Captain, Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Numbers 15. Reports of Colonel Joseph R. Hawley, Seventh Connecticut Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations May 9-June 2.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH CORPS,Bermuda Hundred, Va., May 11, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report, concerning the part taken by this brigade in the movements of May 9 and 10,that the brigade-

4 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT II

