
rear of the Fifth Corps, and will be followed closely by the Second and Fourth Divisions. The reserve battery and foot artillery will move between the Second and Fourth Divisions. The batteries will be assigned to divisions as required by existing orders. The pickets will be withdrawn at 2 p. m. on the 8th, under charge of Colonel Beaver, corps officer of the day. Each division commander will send the officer charged with the duty of withdrawing the division pickets to report at 8 p. m. at these headquarters to Colonel Beaver for instructions. Division commanders will give the necessary instructions to cause their commands to rest clear of the road, but in the rifle-pits, during the passing of the Fifth Corps. It is not supposed that the corps will move before 11 p. m. Commanders are cautioned against allowing unusual fires to be made by the troops.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

May 7, 1864-6 p. m.

General Barlow will leave his skirmishers on the same line where they now are; will connect on the right and left with other troops, as the case may be. The troops to-night will sleep close to the rifle-pits, as other troops may be required to pass by the road.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, May 7, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK,Second Corps:

GENERAL: General Barlow sent two companies down the Brock road 2 miles, opened communication with General Custer, who has this morning been engaged a little with the enemy's cavalry. He also sent half a regiment on the Catharpin road, which encountered the rebel cavalry, about a regiment, with a couple of guns. The whole of the enemy's force retired.

Respectfully,

JOHN GIBBON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

ORDERS OF THE DAY.] HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,

MAJOR GENERAL HANCOCK'S COMMAND,

May 7, 1864.

The men will stand to arms at 4.30 a. m. The following dispositions will be made as soon as possible, commencing on the right at the plank road. Each division or brigade commander, acting independently, will place about three-fourths of his command in the front line of rifle-pits, and about one-fourth of his entire command

