
shot had no perceptible effect upon her, close alongside. I drove her, however, into the mouth of Roanoke River, somewhat damaged, I think, but with machinery not disabled. I captured the Bombshell with 37, prisoners, officers and en. Have not as yet had any official return from the Sassacus, who has her in charge, and is anchored several miles below. Our loss in the large vessel is 5 killed and 26 wounded. I shall be able to hold possession of the sound against any force the rebels can organize at this point.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MELANCTON SMITH,

Captain and Senior Naval Officer.

2. Report of Colonel Henry T. Sisson, Fifth Rhode Island Heavy Artillery, of the surrender at Croatan.
HDQRS. FIFTH REGIMENT RHODE ISLAND ARTILLERY,New Berne, N. C., May 8, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the capture by the enemy of a portion of my regiment, and to submit the following particulars in relation to the matter:

During several months Company A has been stationed at Croatan, N. C. This place is situated on the line of the Atlantic and North Carolina Railroad, 12 miles south of New Berne, about half a mile east of Brices' Creek and 6 miles from Havelock, which is the next station going south. Croatan is an isolated place and exceedingly difficult of access except by railroad, and has been held since the capture of New Berne simply to prevent guerrillas from tearing up the railroad track and cutting the telegraph wire. About 7 o'clock on morning of the 5th instant the enemy, in considerable force, appeared at Croatan, having effected the crossing at Brice's Creek at a point above our pickets. Arriving a the station they immediately surrounded our men in preparation for an attack and to prevent the possibility of any escaping. In the mean time Captain Aegean collected his men and threw his entire command into the fort at that place, which has one small gun, a 6-pounder howitzer, and opened a vigorous fire on the enemy. a desperate fight ensued, lasting one hour and a half, when the enemy demanded an unconditional surrender. This was refused by Captain Aegean. Subsequently, however, seeing that the could maintain his position but a short time, he agreed to a conditional surrender, the terms of which I have not been able to ascertain. the citizens o f Croatan affirm that the enemy freely acknowledged that our men fought with great gallantry. Fortunately, not one of Captain Aegean's command was killed and but 1 wounded. The loss of the is not known. Captain White's horse was found dead in the ditch around the fort where he was shot. The men were allowed, as part of the terms of the surrender to take two suits of clothing each, which will be of great service to them while they are held prisoners of war. About week prior to their capture they received for months' pay from the Government. Nearly one-third of the men had re-enlisted as veterans, and had received the first installment of bounty, advance pay, &amp;c. How large the force was that made this raid in not known. Citizens living at Croatan represent that it consisted of a whole brigade. It is a source

