
consisting of the Seventh New Hampshire, Colonel Abbott; Seventh Connecticut, Lieutenant-Colonel Rodman commanding; Third New Hampshire, Lieutenant-Colonel Plimpton commanding, and Sixth Connecticut, Colonel Duryee-left its bivouac near the James River about 7 a. m. May 9, following the First (Colonel Howell's) Brigade of this division. We moved to the Richmond and Petersburg turnpike, near to the house of one Winfree, there halting some time; thence to Chester Station, halting again; thence down the railroad track toward Petersburg, between 12 and 2 o'clock of a very hot day, to a house just below the Port Walthall Junction. At this point, to my great regret, I was compelled by illness to turn over the command, with General Terry's consent, to Colonel Abbott, the next in rank, and the next morning to betake myself to camp. The labors of the 9th, and its efficient services in the engagement of the 10th Chester Station, forward herewith adding only that the aggregate loss was 51.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. HAWLEY,

Colonel Seventh Connecticut, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE FIRST DIV., TENTH CORPS,Bermuda Hundred Entrenchments, Va., May 17, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report for the information of Brigadier General A. H. Terry, commanding division, the movements and labors of this brigade from May 12 to May 16, inclusive, being the part they took in the advance of the Eighteenth and Tenth Corps toward Drewry's Bluff:

The brigade left its camp near the line about to be fortified about 3 a. m. May 12, and consisted of the Seventh Connecticut, Lieutenant-Colonel Daniel C. Rodman commanding, 21 officers and 610 men; the Seventh New Hampshire, Colonel Joseph C. Abbott, 24 officers and 330 men, and the Third New Hampshire, Lieutenant Colonel Josiah I. Plimton commanding, 26 officers and 700 men. Total 71, officers and 1,640 men. The Sixth Connecticut, Colonel Redfield Duryee, was on picket, but came up the next day, under Lieutenant-Colonel Meeker, and was placed in Colonel Alford's brigade, of General Turner's division, where it remained during the expedition. My brigade followed Colonel Plaisted's (the Third), of division Moved to the Richmond and Petersburg turnpike, near Chester Station; turned northward and bivouacked at Predue's house, furnishing 300 men for picket duty. Two men of the Seventh Connecticut were wounded on picket. About 6 a. m. of the 13th we left the turnpike and crossed the Richmond and Petersburg Railroad at Clover Hill Junction, moving to the northwest by obscured and concealed paths and roads to a fine public road north of Salem Church; thence we turned sharply to the right, following a portion of the Third Brigade, toward the rear of the right of the rebel line of earth-works, which stretched from the James River, in front of Fort

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

