HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 7, 1864-8.45 a.m.

Major-General SEDGWICK:

I cannot understand the non-receipt of intelligence from your cavalry. Single horsemen are constantly arriving from the ford, signifying that the plank road is open, and ample time has elapsed for them to have taken the position assigned them. Please send a staff officer to the cavalry and urge upon the commanding officer the importance of sending in prompt intelligence of their progress. Also feel with your pickets, and ascertain if you can anything of the position of the enemy.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 7, 1864-11 a.m.

Major-General SEDGWICK,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

The commanding general directs that if there is a probability of the enemy being on the plank road in front of the cavalry you have sent out, that you send a body of infantry to support the cavalry. You can await the return of Colonel McIntosh's cavalry to ascertain positively whether this information you have received is reliable. The commanding general considers that you could have ascertained whether the enemy were on the road through the two cavalry regiments you have under your command.

By command of Major-General Meade:

CHAS. E. PEASE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, May 7, 1864-11.10 a.m.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I sent the general commanding all the reports I received from the commanding officer of the cavalry in front. I could not judge how reliable they were. My infantry was marching from 12 midnight till daylight. Since that time they have been engaged in throwing up rifle-pits. A brigade is now ready to go out to support the cavalry, if possible. My infantry pickets now reach from the Rapidan to General Warren's right.

JOHN SEDGWICK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, May 7, 1864-10.15 a.m.

General HUMPHREYS:

The colonel commanding the Twenty-second New York Cavalry reports that his skirmishers are now engaging the cavalry of the enemy about 1 mile from the Rapidan.

JOHN SEDGWICK,Major-General.

