HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Wilderness Tavern, May 7, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

The officer in command of pickets in front of our left, connecting with Second Corps, reports that the wagons and troops of the enemy in front were moving quite busily during the night, he thinks to the south. No rebels in front this morning. Some movements have been ordered from our front that will draw the fire of the enemy if they occupy the ground they occupied yesterday, or the ground in the advance of it. A prisoner reports that Longstreet and Hill were present yesterday in our front; that Jenkins was killed, and Longstreet wounded.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding Ninth Corps.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, May 7, 1864-5.15 a.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,Ninth Army Corps:

General Hancock reports indications of enemy moving in heavy force on his left. In case he is attacked you will render him assistance, either by an advance from your present front, or leaving your line entirely and moving by the left flank to the point of attack. In the absence of further instructions, you will exercise your best judgment which will be best. After the falling back last night of Sedgwick's right, fearing your colored troops might be cut off, I ordered them up here. They are now in front of my quarters. If there does not prove to be absolute need of retaining them here by 10 a.m., you may order them to Chancellorsville, where the trains have been ordered.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NEAR WILDERNESS TAVERN, May 7, 1864-7.30 a.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

General Grant desires that if you have not already done so, that you at once strongly fortify the hill where your personal headquarters were most of the day yesterday.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, May 7, 1864-1 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

It is definitely ascertained that Longstreet's corps-at least two divisions of it-is at Spotsylvania Court-House. General Warren's corps has engaged it near there, and the whole of General Sedgwick's

