
of the one that should be permanently occupied in order to economize our force. The ground has been pretty thoroughly examined, and the examinations have extended in front of a portion of the Eighteenth Corps. I therefore submit, first, that the line occupied by the Eighteenth Corps is naturally very strong, while that of the Tenth Corps is approached in front by several converging roads, and is the only portion of the line between the James River and the Appomattox at all likely to be attacked; second, the right of the line should rest at Curtis' house, the highest bluff on James River within our picket-line, and should run thence to the head of the ravine, which lies in front of the Eighteenth Corps I am not prepared to speak with certainty, and am not required to; third, Hatcher's house is the place for the reserves of the entire line, considering the improbability of any attempt against our left near the Appomattox; fourth, to hold the portion of the line now occupied by me against a real attack, after being thrown back as suggested, will require my entire until we get the intrenchments advanced.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, May 7, 1864.

Colonel J. W. SHAFFER,

Chief of Staff, Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

COLONEL: I have the honor to request that telegraphic communication be opened as early as practicable between this and department headquarters, and headquarters Eighteenth Army Corps, and the division headquarters of my command. If furnished with material and operators, I can supply the necessary labor to erect the proposed line. Ten miles of wire will be sufficient. If the operators for the proposed line cannot be furnished, three stations will suffice to connect headquarters Eighteenth Corps with department headquarters through these headquarters.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, May 7, 1864.

Major-General GILLMORE,Commanding Tenth Army Corps:

You will cause one brigade of each division of your command to report to General Smith at 8 o'clock this morning for the purpose of an attack upon the line of railroad. The details should be of your best troops and under your best brigade commanders. Answer hour of execution of this order.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

