
CAMP PALMER, May 7, 1864-1.25 p.m.

Lieutenant WILLIAM M. PRATT:

The enemy's pickets were within 50 yards of ours last night. They retired before my scouting party to within a quarter of a mile of the Pollocksville Forks, where they were in sufficient force to resist any attack that I could make. My artillery, of about 30 men, engaged them and skirmished for more than half an hour, when they retired before a charge.

JAS. W. SAVAGE,

Colonel Twelfth New York Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Piney Branch Church, May 8, 1864-11.30 a.m. (Received 3.15 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

The army commenced moving south at 9 p.m. yesterday, and when closed up to the position assigned for first day's march will stand thus: General Warren's corps at Spotsylvania Court-House; Hancock's at Todd's Tavern; Sedgwick's on road from Piney Branch Church to Spotsylvania, and General Burnside at Alrich's. It is not yet demonstrated what the enemy will do, but the best of feeling prevails in this army, and I feel at present no apprehension for the result. My efforts will be to form a junction with General Butler as early as possible, and be prepared to meet any enemy interposing. The results of the three days' fight at Old Wilderness was decidedly in our favor. The enemy having a strong intrenched position to fall back on when hard pressed, and the extensive train we had to cover, rendered it impossible to inflict the heavy blow on Lee's army I had hoped. My exact route to the James River I have not yet definitely marked out.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 8, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War, Washington:

I have ordered the establishment of a hospital at Fredericksburg for the wounded of this army, estimated at 12,000. I desire that medical officers, ambulances, and supplies may be sent there at once, as requested by the medical director in a dispatch to the Surgeon-General. Transportation by water to Belle Plain, or other suitable point, and thence by land must be provided, as I have no means to spare.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

By S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major-General Meade has left these headquarters for another point, hence this communication is signed by me in his name.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

