
MEADE'S HEADQUARTERS,

Spotsylvania Court-House and Fredericksburg Road,

Near Ny River, May 8, 1864-6.40 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Two-thirds of Warren's corps is up and the head of Wright's. The country is covered with stragglers and the tails of the columns. General Meade thinks it will take half the day to get them up. Warren is trying to see in what force the enemy is.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 8, 1864-11 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

General Warren reports that Crawford's attack developed the fact that the enemy were not very strongly intrenched, but he was not able to carry their line. On withdrawing the enemy made a charge, which was repulsed and about 100 prisoners taken, one of them, who represents himself as an ensign in an Alabama regiment, a Northern man, says Lee's army is not over 70,000; that they have lost a good many in the recent battles, and that the men are greatly exhausted by fatigue; that they left their intrenchments soon after dark last night and traveled all night; that when we first attacked this morning their line of battle was unformed and that there were no rifle-pits; that they have been since making them, and by to-morrow will have the usual rude breast-works; that Ewell and Longstreet are opposite Warren, and Hill is said to be on the left.

Hancock has taken prisoners in some skirmishing this afternoon from Hill's corps, and is under the impression Hill is taking position in front of him,which I think not unlikely. A scout has returned from Fredericksburg, who reports some of the enemy's cavalry having come in from the north side of the Rappahannock and capturing some of our wounded; that the Third New Jersey were in pursuit on the north side. I have given the orders for to-morrow and the preparatory orders agreed on for a move. Sheridan reports he will move to-morrow at 4 a.m. to carry out his instructions.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

May 8, 1864.

The wounded of the army will be immediately transported to Fredericksburg, and there put in hospital. Major-General Hancock will detail a small regiment of infantry, under a reliable commander, who, with the Twenty-second New York Cavalry and his regiment, will escort them and take charge of the hospital; he will return the ambulances to the army, but retain the wagons, with which, under a flag of truce, he will endeavor to bring off the field such wounded as there was no transportation for. The wounded will be supplied with three days' subsistence, which will be furnished by corps commanders concerned.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

