HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Todd's Tavern, May 8, 1864-11 a.m.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

My column is slow in coming in, owing to the delay in relieving so long a picket-line. I think the cavalry here ought to be pushed forward, supported, if necessary, by an infantry brigade. I shall send out a brigade immediately, with cavalry, to see what is on the Catharpin road.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 8, 1864-12 m.

General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have just send out a brigade of infantry to take or drive away a battery of the enemy's cavalry on my right and commanding my position, their shells nearly reaching here. Skirmishers have been sent to support Gregg in driving in enemy's cavalry, and, as silence reigns, I suppose they are successful. General Gibbon this moment report that his skirmishers have advanced and have driven the enemy away. Nothing but cavalry was seen. The rear guard of my command had all arrived within the junction of the road leading to the Furnace. Some of the enemy's line of skirmishers advanced and fired a few shots at our cavalry, but that was all that transpired. General Gregg says he will at once relieve the cavalry regiment that I have at the Furnace corner, and I will send that regiment, as directed. About 200 men were left on the road sunstruck. My provost guard had no means of bringing them up with the column. If a regiment of cavalry could be sent out with some ambulances, they might be recovered. I would suggest that General Gregg, even if it should take his whole division, should advance on the Catharpin road to Corbin's Bridge, at least. I think it important, but, of course, you will know best. Coming down the Brock road I saw a column of dust parallel with ours. Whether it was the enemy's or not, I do not know.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 8, 1864-12 m. (Received 12.30 p.m.)

Major-General HANCOCK,Commanding Second Corps:

General Warren is engaged with the enemy 1 1/2 miles from Spotsylvania Court-House. The major-general commanding has ordered him to attack and drive the enemy. General Sedgwick's leading division is supporting Warren, and the commanding general directs that you hold yourself ready to support him, should it be necessary.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

