HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 8, 1864-2.20 p.m. (Received 3.15 p.m.)

General MOTT,

Commanding Fourth Division:

The major-general commanding directs that you put a good regiment, with a reliable commander, at the junction of the Furnace road (the direct road from Craig's Meeting-House to the Furnace) with the Brock road, and to picket well to the front and left, as soon as the cavalry leave, which they will soon do. Please look after this part of the ground.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 8, 1864.(Received 3.15)

[General MOTT?:]

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you make frequent reconnaissance on the Brock road, and on the road turning to the left toward Craig's Meeting-House. A force of one or two companies will probably be enough to ascertain whether these roads are being used by the enemy. Extend the reconnaissance as far as safety will permit beyond your picket-post. In case of advance of the enemy in this direction, you will probably be required to hold the right of the line. The general wishes you to examine the ground with a view to forming a good connection between General Barlow's right and the Brock road.

C. H. MORGAN,Lieutenant-Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,

May 8, 1864-8.20 p.m. (Received 9 p.m.)

Brigadier-General MOTT,

Commanding Fourth Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding wishes you to picket up the road leading to Fredericksburg from the point where it strikes your rifle-pits, so as to prevent any one passing around you to obtain information.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. B. PARKER,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

TODD'S TAVERN, VA., May 8, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to instructions received last evening from corps headquarters, I proceeded this morning to withdraw the pickets of the corps after the column had passed the plank road upon which corps headquarters were situated.

