
MAY 8, 1864-1.35 p.m.

[General G. K. WARREN:]

GENERAL: It is reported to me that the enemy are moving a column to our left. My left is well protected and General Wright has come up. There is no doubt that one or more of Longstreet's divisions is in our front.

Very respectfully,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division.

LINE OF BATTLE, NEAR SPOTSYLVANIA, May 8, 1864-9.20 [p.m.]

[General G. K. WARREN:]

GENERAL: I send a prisoner named Edwards, a New Yorker, belonging to an Alabama regiment, who is desirous of communicating all the information he has. The enemy has a small line of intrenchments, which will be strengthened to-night. From what he says our attack this afternoon if followed up would have been entirely successful. They will bring up artillery to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division.

I have 70 prisoners more to send to corps headquarters.

MAY 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General CRAWFORD:

I don't think them in much force in your front. I can send you some help if needed. General Longstreet's whole corps is here, but it must be very small now, not 7,000 strong. Badly whipped to-day and very tired. When Sedgwick comes we'll smash him up.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. 118TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS., January 18, 1865.*

Major-General WARREN:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 8th of May, 1864, in obedience to your orders, I reported to General Crawford with command, consisting of detachments from Twenty-second and Ninth Massachusetts Regiments, under command of Captain Field; Twentieth Maine Regiment, Major Spear; Sixteenth Michigan Regiment, Major Elliott, and One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania Regiment, Major O'Neill. About 4 p.m. I received orders from an officer representing General Crawford, to form my command in line in echelon, preparatory to an advancement upon the enemy, to act as support to a brigade of the Pennsylvania Reserves. The line was formed in accordance with orders,
---------------

*See also Herring's report, Part I, p.591.

---------------

