
as well as the conformation of the ground would permit, the positions of the regiments being as follows: Detachments from the Twenty-second and Ninth Massachusetts Regiments on the right; Twentieth Maine Regiment, One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania Regiment, and Sixteenth Michigan Regiment on extreme left. Meeting General Crawford, he informed me that General Neill would protect the left flank with his forces; shortly afterward he gave me orders to advance. As we approached the crest of the hill the advanced lines were engaged, and upon reaching the summit the engagement became general and severe, the enemy apparently withholding their fire until our advance was close upon them. Following up the effect of their fire, the enemy charged upon the first line, causing it to fall back in confusion. This affected the integrity of my line, but by the superior exertions of the officers it was restored and maintained. The location being a dense thicket of cedars and pines, and the hour being twilight, the enemy approached closely to my lines before being discovered, it being then difficult to distinguish the color of the uniforms. When they discovered themselves we became closely and hotly engaged, several instances occurring of hand-to-hand fighting. The line was maintained and the enemy repulsed. According to the reports of the regimental commanders and the commanders of the detachments, the aggregate number of prisoners taken was about 200. The colors of the Sixth Alabama Regiment were also captured. Our losses were as follows: Killed, 1 officer and 13 men; wounded, 62 men; missing, 3 officers and 23 men. After the enemy had retired to his works, I placed my line under cover of the crest of the hill, taking a portion of the line in my rear, under command of Major Ellis, of the Sixth Corps, to strengthen my left, and changing the front of the regiment on the right to protect that flank, and establishing a picket, I sent in officers to report to General Crawford my position, and for instructions. They returned about midnight, having been unable to find his headquarters. They, however, had met with General Neill, to whom their mission was stated, and [he] gave them orders for me to retire my command at 3 a.m. In retiring the line at that hour, I found a picket-line established in my rear. Halting the command, I went forward with Major Ellis and cautioned an officer, apparently in charge, so as to enable me to pass the line without danger of the command being fired upon. Bivouacked the command in the woods and reported to General Crawford at daylight. Received orders that the respective commands could return to their brigades.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. HERRING,

Brevet Colonel, Commanding 118th Regiment Pennsylvania Vols.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, May 8, 1864-12.10 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

Brigadier-General [Wright?] reports that Major-General Warren called on him for assistance. He went with three brigades, leaving one at the point indicated.

JOHN SEDGWICK,

Major-General.

