HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Camp near Spotsylvania Court-House, May 8, 1864-9 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

The enemy have made a strong resistance here; so much so that no advance will be attempted to-morrow. You will not, therefore, move your advance beyond (south of) the Gate. If you have not already got two divisions at the front, get them up by 6 a.m. to-morrow, so that if they should be called for they can be marched from the Gate directly on Spotsylvania.

Respectfully, yours,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CAMP THIRD NEW JERSEY CAVALRY, May 8, 1864-3.15 p.m.

Colonel A. J. MORRISON,

Commanding Third New Jersey Cavalry:

COLONEL: An orderly just in from Major Robeson reports that 2 officers from Fredericksburg met him on the road, and reported that the citizens of Fredericksburg were picking up our wounded (making prisoners of them). He has accordingly left a squad at Salem Church, under an officer, and has pushed on to Fredericksburg with the balance of his command, to render such assistance as may be in his power.

Respectfully,

C. C. SUYDAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third New Jersey Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD NEW JERSEY CAVALRY,Camp in Field, near Town Church, May 8, 1864-6.15 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps:

I have just received the following dispatch from Major Robeson, whom I sent out immediately on my arrival here with two companies. As will be seen, he was afterward joined by Captain Krahmer with another company. The following is the dispatch:

COLONEL: Captain Krahmer joined me, and I made a dash through the city [meaning Fredericksburg]. The niggers say that on our approach some 50 rebel cavalry left in a hurry, and that they had taken 150 of our wounded this morning. I have arrested 2 citizens, whom some of the soldiers accuse of aiding the rebels to-day. The town is full of our soldiers.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. P. ROBESON,

Major, &c.

I have directed the major to remain there only so long as he may consider it necessary, and to turn over his prisoners to the provost-marshall.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. MORRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.

