
The losses of the brigade during the expedition were as follows:

Near Drewry's Bluff, May 12 to 16, 1864, both inclusive.

Killed. Wounded.

Regiments.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Officers.	 Men.

7th Connecticut Volunteers	 1	 26	 ---	 95

7th New Hampshire	 ---	 1	 ---	 27

Volunteers

3rd New Hampshire	 3 	 32	 4	 164

Volunteers

Total	 4	 59	 4	 286

Missing. Aggregate.

Regiments.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Officers.	 Men.

7th Connecticut Volunteers	 1	 67	 2	 198

7th New Hampshire	 ---	 1	 ---	 29

Volunteers

3rd New Hampshire	 ---	 15	 7	 211

Volunteers

Total	 1	 83	 9	 428

Adding one of my staff not elsewhere reported, the aggregate is 437, or over 25 per cent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. HAWLEY,

Colonel Seventh Connecticut Vols., Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH CORPS, Bermuda Hundred Intrenchments, Va., June 3, 1864.

SIR: I beg leave to report concerning the attack made on the picket-line in front of my position yesterday morning, June 2:

Each brigade furnishes daily one regiment for outpost duty in its immediate front.

June 1, at sunset, I sent out the Seventh Connecticut, Major Sanford, numbering 324 enlisted men, for twenty-four hours' duty. Immediately in my front the line is across an open field a few hundred yards in front of the breast-works. As it entered the cover of the woods on the right it turned abruptly to the left and front perhaps 10 yards, and then turned again more to the right. On the portion running to the front Companies C and H were posted, and Major Sanford and Captain Dennis, senior captain, made their headquarters near there. The line was very long, and the reduced regiment could save little or nothing for reserves. On the left of the open field the line ran into rough woods, broken by ravines. In many places it was exceedingly difficult to go from post to post, and the underbrush and fallen trees rendered it impossible to fall back quickly. The line had frequently been reported as very dangerous. About 7 a.m., of the 2nd the enemy, whose line and pits were only from 20 to 150 yards distant from our own, made a nearly simultaneous attack upon the whole line of the Seventh Connecticut, in some places advancing with a close line of skirmishers, in others dashing through in more force. Companies C and H were almost instantly cut off by a superior force and a large portion of them captured. The remainder, falling back, joined the left of the Thirty-ninth Illinois, the regiment next on their right, and under Sergeant Burgess did excellent service in the picket fighting of the day. On the left of C and H Captain Bacon was in command of a portion of the line. He handsomely repulsed the attack in his direct,

