HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 8, 1864-1 a.m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to instruct you to move with your command at 5 a.m. on the Catharpin road, crossing at Corbin's Bridge and taking up position at Shady Grove Church. General Meritt, with the First Division, will follow you on the same road, and on arriving at Shady Grove Church will take the left hand or Block house road, moving forward and taking up position at that point [via Block house]. Immediately after he has passed you will move forward with your division on the same road to the crossing of Po River, where you will take up position, supporting General Merritt. General Wilson, with his division, will march from Alsop's by way of Spotsylvania Court-House and the Gate to Snell's Bridge, where he will take up position. Your ammunition train and authorized headquarters wagons will accompany you. The balance of your division train will proceed to Spotsylvania Court-House in charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Howard, chief quartermaster, Cavalry Corps, when they will be reported to you. The infantry march to Spotsylvania Court-House to-night.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, May 8, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

The major-general commanding directs that you move your command from its present position by way of Piney Branch Church and Alrich's to a place on the plank road known on the map as Silver's. Halt your command at that point and wait further orders.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS.2nd DIV., CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 8, 1864.

Colonel J. IRVIN GREGG,Second Brigade, Second Division, Cavalry Corps:

You will at once make the following provisions for your brigade, all to be completed before 4.30 a.m. to-morrow: Each man will be required to carry on his person 50 rounds of carbine cartridges and 18 rounds of pistol; three days' rations of coffee, sugar, and hard bread, one day's salt meat, and five days' rations of salt. This will be required to last five days. The balance of the small-arm ammunition will be carried in wagons and will accompany the batteries. One ambulance or spring wagon will be allowed to corps, division, and brigade headquarters. All other wagons or vehicles with the Cavalry Corps will be left behind, and will move with the main trains of the army, under the direction of Captain J. H. Tallman, assistant quartermaster, and will be guarded by the dismounted men of this command.

By command of Brigadier-General Gregg:

H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

