
killed quite a number, and wounded some 20 or 30. Our artillery had an admirable chance. Second New York and Eighteenth Pennsylvania charged very handsomely. Prisoners from cavalry brigade and two divisions of Longstreet's corps.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, May 8, 1864-4.15 p.m.

Major-General BUTLER:

Your dispatch of the 7th has just reached me. We have as yet no official report from General Grant. Nothing is known of his condition except from newspaper reports, which represent two days' hard fighting on Thursday and Friday. From 6,000 to 8,000 wounded are sent back, and Ingalls telegraphs yesterday at noon to General Meigs that "it is said the enemy are retiring." In respect to the reserves mentioned in your telegram, there are none at the disposal of the Department. General Grant has with him all the troops, and you will have to depend only upon such as may have been provided in your programme with him. Your dispatch will be forwarded to him to apprise him of your condition and for his instructions. Your success thus far is extremely gratifying to the President and this Department, and we hope your skill and good luck may accomplish all your wishes.

EDWIN M. STANTON.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, May 8, 1864.

Colonel J. W. SHAFFER,Chief of Staff, Dept.of Virginia and North Carolina:

COLONEL: I respectfully request that all the cavalry that can be spared be sent to this corps for duty at the front until the arrival of the troops of that arm belonging to the Tenth Corps.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, Bermuda Landing, Va., May 8, 1864.

Major-General GILLMORE:

You will take all your command but three brigades, which were detailed before, and demonstrate to the right and front, via Ware Bottom Church, upon the railroad, accomplishing its destruction at any place where you may strike it, and along as much of it as possible. The enemy are in our front with scarcely* 5,000 men, and it is a disgrace that we are cooped up here. This movement will commence at daylight to-morrow morning and is imperative. Answer if you have received this order and will be ready to move.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See quotation in Gillmore's report, p.34.

---------------

