HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, Bermuda Landing, Va., May 8, 1864.

General GILLMORE:

I need not say that your works must be pushed with the utmost vigor during the day, but give your troops a good night's rest. Let your remaining brigade push the works while you are gone.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, May 8, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: Your two dispatches of this date are received. I shall move, as ordered, at daybreak to-morrow. All necessary preliminary orders have been issued. My instructions are to take my whole command except three brigades. I understand this to mean the infantry force and such artillery as I can use. I respectfully recommend that a demonstration be made at the same time on the left, in order to divide the enemy's force. I would also urge that a cavalry force be sent to report to me to-night. I shall need them much.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I forward this by my chief of staff, Brigadier-General Foster, who will confer with you in regard to the matter. He is entirely in my confidence.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 3. In the Field, May 8, 1864.

*			*			*			*			*

2. The troops of this command will move, according to verbal instructions furnished to division commanders, in the following order: Brigadier-General Ames, with one brigade and one battery, will march at 4.30 a.m. Brigadier-General Turner will follow immediately after General Ames, with one brigade and one battery. Brigadier-General Terry will follow immediately after General Turner, with two brigades and two batteries. The troops will be supplied with 60 rounds of ammunition and three days' cooked rations. If this number of rations is not on hand, they will take what they have, and the remainder will be packed in wagons, ready to move if ordered. The men will move in light marching order, with rubber blankets or shelter-tents, and with full ranks, according to the morning reports. Engineer detachments and pioneers will be equipped with axes, shovels, and picks [a greater proportion of axes]. All straggling is strictly prohibited, and will be summarily punished.

