
3. During the absence of that portion of this command, now under marching orders, Colonel H. M. Plaisted, Eleventh Maine Volunteers, will command the line of entrenchments, with the troops remaining behind.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, May 8, 1864-11 a.m.

Brigadier-General TERRY,Commanding First Division:

Have your command, except the brigade sent out yesterday, in readiness to move at daybreak to-morrow in light marching order. Your works must be pushed with the utmost vigor during the day, and in your absence by the brigade left behind.

By command of Major-General Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, May 8, 1864.

Brigadier General A. H. TERRY,Commanding First Division, Tenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: By direction of the major-general commanding the corps your attention is called to the paramount necessity of adopting immediate and stringent measures for the prevention of disorder and offenses against military discipline in your command. Straggling from camp, and marauding, and the unauthorized discharging of muskets are among the evils most noticeable, and must be stopped. No neglect in this matter will be overlooked. You will hold your subordinate commanders strictly responsible for the good order of their commands. The Tenth Corps is now brought in direct competition with another, and must not be allowed to suffer in any respect by the comparison.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Similar copies furnished Brigadier-General Turner, commanding Second Division, and Brigadier-General Ames, commanding Third Division.]
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, May 8, 1864-11 a.m.

Brigadier-General TURNER,

Commanding Second Division:

Have your command, except the brigades sent out yesterday, in readiness to move at daybreak to-morrow in light marching order. You will direct the commanding officer of the brigade left behind

