
some 20 miles. Refugees from Little Washington, report a small force of rebels there, and they appear to be determined to destroy the place. I am much mortified at the conduct of a portion of our troops during our last hours there. The refugees will be provided for and made as comfortable as possible. Our communication with Morehead is again open. The total amount of damage done between here and the coast was the capture of a detachment of the Fifth Rhode Island Heavy Artillery, under Captain Aigan, at the little post of Croatan, some 11 miles from here.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA, New Berne, N. C., May 8, 1864.

Major H. T. LAWSON,Chief Provost-Marshal, District of North Carolina:

MAJOR: The commanding general directs me to call your attention to the necessity of compelling the utmost cleanliness among the prisoners of war and deserters from the enemy in your charge. The jail should be frequently policed and some means devised for giving these men frequent baths. The commanding general wishes you to prepare and forward to these headquarters special requisition for a shirt and a pair of drawers and socks for each man. They can then be able to wash their clothing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, May 9, 1864.

To the Friends of the Union and Liberty:

Enough is known of the army operations within the last five days to claim our especial gratitude to God, while what remains undone demands our most sincere prayers to and reliance upon Him, without whom all human efforts are in vain. I recommend that all patriots at their homes, in their places of public worship, and wherever they may be, unite in common thanksgiving and prayer to Almighty God.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 9, 1864- 1 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith all the information we have since Mr. Dana started from here. May God bless you, and crown you and your gallant army with victory.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

P. S.-Everything that comes will be forwarded you by the first opportunity. The road is open to Rappahannock Station. Trains

