
and supplies are there to bring back the wounded. Provision is also made for bringing them from Aquia, if that route should be preferred by you.

E. M. S.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD, Above Port Walthall, May 8, 1864. [Received 11.20 a.m. 9th.]

Hon. E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

*			*			*			*			*

Transmitting an intercepted dispatch from General Lee to Secretary of War, C. S. A.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, May 6, 1864.

The SECRETARY OF WAR, Richmond, Va.:

Early this morning, as the divisions of General Hill engaged yesterday were being relieved, the enemy advanced and caused some confusion. The ground lost was recovered as soon as the fresh troops got into position, and the enemy driven back to his original line. Afterward we turned the left of his front line and drove it from the field, leaving a large number of his dead and wounded in our hands, among them General Wadsworth. A subsequent attack forced the enemy into his intrenched lines on the Brock road, extending from Wilderness Tavern on the right to Trigg's Mill. Every advance on his part, thanks to a merciful God, has been repulsed. Our loss in killed is not large; but we have many wounded, most of them slightly, artillery being little used on either side. I grieve to announce that Lieutenant-General Longstreet was severely wounded, and General Jenkins killed. General Pegram was badly wounded yesterday. General Stafford, it is hoped, will recover.

R. E. LEE.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEAR SPOTSYLVANIA COURT-HOUSE, May 9, 1864-1 p.m. [Received 4.15 p.m.10th.]

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

If matters are still favorable with Butler send him all the re-enforcements you can. The enemy are now moving from our immediate front either to interpose between us and Fredericksburg or to get the inside road to Richmond. My movements are terribly embarrassed by our immense wagon train. It could not be avoided, however.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

ALRICH'S, May 9, 1864-10.15 a.m.

General MEADE:

You will see by General Willcox's dispatch that he has met a force not far from the Gate. Under these circumstances I think it

36 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT II

