
advisable to send out scouts at once to the left of the road from Piney Branch Church, say from Sedgwick's position, to work their way over to the road from the Gate to Spotsylvania Court-House, to discover if there is any considerable movement of force in that direction. Should there prove to be it would become necessary to recall the trains and push the enemy's left flank vigorously.

Yours,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NEAR SPOTSYLVANIA COURT-HOUSE, May 9, 1864-12.45 p.m.

Major-General MEADE:

The inclosed dispatch,* together with the report from General Hancock, would indicate the enemy to be moving toward Gate. If this is the case, we must follow and attack vigorously. The trains should all be turned back so as to get them back of Alsop's and headed so that we may, if it should be decided upon, make a rapid march on Gordonsville.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

MAY 9, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The enemy have undoubtedly left Hancock's front. I have ordered him up to join on to Gibbon's, leaving a division at Todd's Tavern. I have directed Gibbon to try and get a bridge which is across the Po River and leads to the enemy's extreme left. Burnside, in occupying the Gate, met the enemy; has been fighting all morning; holds his own. Ascertain, if you can, whether there are any roads from our left up to the Gate, as we may have to re-enforce Burnside.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

Have Wright's skirmishers developed anything?

MEADE.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 9, 1864.

1. Brigadier-General Patrick will detail 5 men from the Third Pennsylvania Cavalry to accompany the remains of the late Major-General Sedgwick to Belle Plain, Va. They will report to Major Whittier, aide-de-camp, for instructions. Upon the completion of this duty they will endeavor to proceed to Washington, D. C., and report to the commanding officer of the dismounted camp.

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

