
2. Capts. R. F. Halsted and E. B. Beaumont, aides-de-camp, are authorized to accompany the remains of the late Major-General Sedgwick to Connecticut, when they will report by letter to these headquarters for instructions. The medical director will furnish one of the two-horse spring wagons at his disposal for the purpose of conveying the remains of the late General Sedgwick to Belle Plain.

3. Brigadier General W. H. Morris, having been wounded, is authorized to proceed to Washington, and will report to the medical director of the Department of Washington. Captain H. C. Lockwood, aide-de-camp, is authorized to accompany him.

4. Major Charles A. Whittier, aide-de-camp, will proceed with the remains of the late General Sedgwick to Cornwall Hollow, Conn., and will there report by letter to these headquarters for instructions. By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 9, 1864-11.15 p.m.

The following movements are ordered for to-morrow, the 10th instant: The several corps will be held in readiness to advance against the enemy. Major-General Hancock, commanding Second Corps, will endeavor to ascertain the position and force of the enemy in his front and the location of his left flank. Brigadier-General Wright, commanding Sixth Corps, in like manner will feel for the enemy's right. Brigadier-General Mott will hold his command ready to move to the assistance of Major-General Burnside on hearing heavy firing in that direction.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, May 9, 1864. [Received 8.55 a.m. 10th.]

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs that you immediately establish a pontoon bridge across the Rappahannock River opposite Fredericksburg. You will apply to the Quartermaster-General for transportation, and report to the Adjutant-General of the Army your progress and execution of this order. The remainder of your train and men will be held subject to the orders of General Meade, as heretofore.

H. W. HALLECK,Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 9, 1864.

General D. H. RUCKER,

Chief Quartermaster:

DEAR GENERAL: I am holding all my bridge material, save 2,500 feet, to be conveyed by water [I suppose south] the moment I receive

