
shot through the right shoulder; Lieutenant Byron Bradford, slightly wounded; 3 enlisted men killed and 1 fatally wounded, 9 wounded, and 4 officers and 79 men missing. The missing officers, Major Sanford, Captain Dennis, Lieutenant Pierce, and Assistant Surgeon Shepard, are prisoners, unhurt. Of the 79 missing 6 are known to be wounded prisoners. Aggregate loss, 99. Captain Mills, Lieutenant Marble, and Captain Perry deserve special mention for bravery. Lieutenant-Colonel Plimpton and his Third New Hampshire fully maintained their position in the very highest class of soldiers. Colonel P. makes special [mention] of Captain Maxwell's good conduct. Loss, 2 killed and 8 wounded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. HAWLEY,

Colonel Seventh Conn. Vols., Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

ADDENDA.

Itinerary of the Second Brigade, First Division, Tenth Army Corps, May 1-June 9.*

This brigade was reported last month at Gloucester Point, Va., as consisting of the Seventh Connecticut and Seventh and Third New Hampshire Volunteers.

May 2.-The Sixth Connecticut was assigned to the brigade and reported for duty.

May 4.-In common with the whole Tenth Corps the brigade embarked on transports, steamed up the James River, and landed at Bermuda Hundred.

May 6.-Marched about 8 miles and bivouacked until the 9th without meeting the enemy.

May 9.-The brigade marched to Chester Station and assisted in destroying the railroad; thence the same day proceeded to Walthall Junction in the direction of Petersburg; formed that night the reserve before Swifth Creek.

May 10.-The brigade was engaged in the morning destroying the railroad track, and afterward marched hurriedly to a point near Chester Station, where the enemy was encountered in considerable force, but was repulsed and driven back after a short just severe fight. Brigadier-General Terry, commanding First Division, personally directed the operations.

May 13 to 16.-The brigade was engaged it the several battles in the neighborhood of Palmer's Creek. The entire loss of the brigade during the four days exceeds 500. Since the withdrawal of the troops to the intrenchments the brigade has been occupied constantly on picket or fatigue duty.

During the month the brigade was occupied mainly on the line of intrenchments near Bermuda Hundred.

June 2.-The picket-line held by the Seventh Connecticut Volunteers was violently attacked and that regiment lost severely. The Third New Hampshire, by whose aid the line was regained, suffered loss.

June 9.-The brigade participated in the reconnaissance toward Petersburg.

---------------

*From returns for May and June.

---------------

