HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, May 9, 1864-6 p.m.

General BIRNEY:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that you cross the river and push in the direction of Spotsylvania Court-House, where Gibbon's and Barlow's divisions will precede you. Keep a lookout for your right flank as well; build good bridges where you may cross. The enemy may be met at Block house, then a bridge will have to be built by the advancing troops, and bridges should also be built wherever we stop [if possible], connecting us with this side of the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORD PO RIVER, May 9, 1864-6.15 p.m.

General HANCOCK:

We have crossed the river and found nothing as yet but a heavy skirmish line. Am driving them to the left. I am now crossing another regiment.

BIRNEY,

General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, May 9, 1864-6.15 p.m.

General BIRNEY:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that in the advance, after crossing toward Spotsylvania Court-House, the divisions will advance in the order they are formed on the road. As soon as possible the advance will be pushed forward as far as it can be done. Also, information should be gleaned as to the enemy, his whereabouts, &amp;c., and fully communicated to these headquarters. The enemy's position was at the Block house. Until the crossing is effected great care must be taken to send out advanced commands, the supports of which will always be close behind on the same road. Division commanders will see that the road is kept open between themselves, by pickets or otherwise.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, May 9, 1864-6.30 p.m.

Major-General BIRNEY:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that division commanders give such support as may be required to each other, and that the road between them be kept open by skirmishers. The headquarters of the corps will be at General Gibbon's headquarters, or at

