HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, May 9, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

I inclose report of General Russell in relation to reconnaissance. Lieutenant Mackenzie has already communicated the same information. Does the general wish those regiments to remain in their position, or shall I withdraw them?

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Corps.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS, May 9, 1864-7.15 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel McMAHON,Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Paine just returned from the party on the reconnaissance. He states that they have advanced to within sight of the road, but fell back a little on finding that the enemy were in front of them; but ascertaining that the enemy were not in any great force they prepared to move forward again when he left.

Respectfully,

D. A. RUSSELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, May 9, 1864-10.20 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I respectfully report the following as the result of the advance of the picket-line ordered this evening:

General Ricketts' right brigade, connecting with Fifth Corps, advanced its picket-line about 600 yards, and came upon a morass, which had to be crossed by the flank. After crossing, the line received a cross-fire and fell back to its former position. The left brigade advanced about 1,000 yards and came within about 200 yards of the enemy's intrenchments; here it received a pretty severe fire and retired to its former position. The losses in this division were about 20 killed and wounded. General Neill advanced his line something over a quarter of a mile, meeting but feeble resistance on the left, but coming upon a line of battle upon the right center the line fell back a short distance, and now remains about quarter of a mile in advance of its former position. Loss not reported in this division. General Russell, whose pickets were already thrown forward beyond the general line, advanced only far enough to maintain the connection with General Neill on his right. He met with no resistance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Corps.

