
No. 16. Report of Colonel Redfield Duryee, Sixth Connecticut Infantry, of operations May 9-10.
HDQRS. SIXTH REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS, In the Field,May 11, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report regarding the part taken by this regiment in the operations of May 9 and 10, 1864:

On the morning of May 9, pursuant to orders from Colonel J. R. Hawley, Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, commanding brigade, this regiment took up line of march and proceeded in the direction of the Richmond and Petersburg Railroad, and reached said railroad at the station 14 miles south of Richmond. From that point the line of march was directed along the railroad toward Petersburg until the regiment reached the point where the Richmond and Petersburg turnpike crosses the railroad 16 miles from Richmond. Here a halt was ordered and the regiment rested about two hours in the field near the building occupied as a temporary hospital for the division.

From this point the line of march was toward Petersburg along the turnpike for the distance of about 1 mile to support a light battery. Remained at that post until night-fall, when orders were received to return to the railroad and bivouac for the night.

At 8 a.m. on the 10th instant the regiment, by orders from brigade commander, formed in line and destroyed a portion of the Richmond and Petersburg Railroad. I then proceeded with my regiment along the turnpike in the direction of Richmond to the distance of about 2 miles, when our advance was attacked by the enemy in force.

By the order of General Terry the regiment marched by the flank through the woods on the west side of the turnpike and formed line of battle in an open field about one-half mile west of the turnpike; advanced in line across a road running at right angles with the turnpike and entered a piece of woods to support a regiment which was engaging the enemy, when orders were given for the regiment then engaged to retire in order to give me an opportunity to open fire upon the enemy. A portion of the left wing of my command mistook the order and fell back out of the woods and formed on the opposite side of the road in rear. The right wing remained in line and repulsed the attack.

As soon as the enemy ceased firing and retreated the regiment, by orders from brigade commander, formed in line of battle in the open field to support a light battery. From this position orders were given for the regiment to retire. Returned to camp about 8 p.m. the 10th instant. All the officers behaved in a most satisfactory manner, and with very few exceptions the enlisted men conducted themselves well.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

REDFIELD DURYEE,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers.

Lieutenant E. LEWIS MOORE,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier, First Div., Tenth Corps.

