
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS, May 9, 1864.

In obedience to the above order, the undersigned assumes command of this division.

D. A. RUSSELL,Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, May 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General RICKETTS,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding the corps desires that you will rectify your lines as soon as it is light enough, and that you will strengthen your position by intrenchments. Send to these headquarters for such tools as you require, and they will be forwarded at once. It is intended to remain in position to-day to give the men rest. Please send in this morning a field return of your command, and make a report also of the estimated casualties in the division. Send out parties after daylight and frequently through the day to collect your stragglers in the rear. Please send at once for the tools. They are in wagons ready to be sent out.

By command of Major-General Sedgwick:

M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, May 9, 1864-8.45 a.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Send out a small force from Gate toward Spotsylvania to reconnoiter the roads and enemy's position in that direction, and especially have all roads leading to your right between Gate and Spotsylvania examined and their condition ascertained, and whether they lead to the positions occupied by General Meade's forces near Spotsylvania or to roads immediately in their rear. Have these cross-roads marked on a map, which you will send to these headquarters. In these reconnaissances use your cavalry as far as practicable. Move the division of white troops forming your rear guard to Piney Branch Church, leaving the colored troops where they now are, but so disposed as to guard your rear. Let all your troops not used as herein directed get all the rest possible during the day. Please send in by 5 p.m., or sooner if you can, the effective strength of your forces.

By order of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, Alrich's, May 9, 1864-9.25 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: The inclosed dispatch just received from General Willcox. I have received your dispatch of 8.45 this morning, and have

