
MAY 9, 1864-2 p.m.

Major-General Burnside:

Your dispatch of 12.45 is just received. You will see from dispatch sent from these headquarters you have done right in stopping General Potter's division and holding in readiness to go to General Willcox.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, Alsop's, May 9, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: I have the honor to send you two orderlies who know the way to my present headquarters. The position occupied by General Willcox is at Mr. Gayle's house, there being no such place as Gate in this section, and is 3 miles farther from Alrich's than we supposed; in fact, his position is within 1 1/2 miles of Spotsylvania Court-House, and there seems to be no way of connecting with General Meade; I mention this so that you may see whether or not the position is not too much isolated. I have a strong guard at Tabernacle Church, and have directed General Ferrero as to the roads leading out of Chancellorsville. I will await here such orders as you may send by the orderlies.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, Alrich's, May 9, 1864-9.30 a.m.

Brigadier-General WILLCOX,Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The inclosed dispatch* has just been received from Lieutenant-General Grant, and is sent to you for information and guidance. Look out well for your flanks, and furnish these headquarters with frequent information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, May 9, 1864-11.15 a.m.

General WILLCOX:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you hold your own as long as it is possible, and keep a sharp lookout for your flanks. Your dispatch has been forwarded to General Grant. Please forward frequent information to these headquarters.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,D. R. LARNED,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Rawlins to Burnside, p.580.

---------------

