
MAY 9, 1864-11.45 a.m.

General BURNSIDE:

The contest extremely doubtful. Enemy have developed themselves equal, or vastly superior in numbers, to mine. I have not yet heard of Stevenson. My troops are doing well. Have been driven in some points, but have recovered for the most part. Hill's and Longstreet's corps are reported at Spotsylvania. You cannot have received my dispatches. I am heavily engaged against superior numbers. Where is Stevenson?

O. B. WILLCOX,

By W. V. RICHARDS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Forwarded to General Grant by Major General A. E. Burnside.]

NY RIVER, GAYLE'S HOUSE, May 9, 1864-12.30 p.m.

General BURNSIDE:

The enemy seem to be moving off to the left. I have repulsed them at every point. I think the object of their attack was to cover their flank movement. Some cavalry would be of great use to me. A column of cavalry have passed toward the right, but I think it is a ruse. Heavy firing ceased at 12. General Stevenson has come up.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Per RICHARDS.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, May 9, 1864-1 p.m.

General WILLCOX:

GENERAL: The inclosed dispatch* has just been received and is forwarded for your information and guidance. You will hold your position to the last. General Potter is halted near Alrich's and can be sent to you if necessary. My headquarters will be near Alrich's house for the present.

Very respectfully, yours,A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

GAYLE'S HOUSE, May 9, 1864-1.15 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I am confirmed in my opinion that their trains are moving off to the left. I am shelling them vigorously with the best effect. I can see it from the house top. We have taken prisoners from Longstreet's, Ewell's, and Hill's corps. They massed heavily in my front, but, thank God, we have repulsed them so far. I have just received your first dispatch. Stevenson got up at 12, and I think I can hold my own, unless they make another attack with heavier re-enforcements. I have massed my artillery on this side of the river in good position for their coming down the crest. Christ, Morrison, and all have done splendidly. Morrison wounded in the hand.

---------------

*See Grant to Burnside, 12.45 p.m., May 9, p.582.

---------------

