
No. 17. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Danies C. Rodman, Seventh Connecticut Infantry, of operations May 9-14.
HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VOLS., Bermuda Hundred, Va.,May 11, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that part taken by my command in the action at Chester Station, Va., on May 10, 1864, as follows:

Left camp at Bermuda Hundred at 4 p.m. on the 9th instant, with 2 field, 2 staff, 1 acting adjutant, 1 acting regimental quartermaster, 17 line officers, and 720 enlisted men, and moved directly on to the Richmond and Petersburg Railroad at Chester Station, passing up the railroad to Grove Hill Station, and was held in reserve to the Eighteenth Corps, who were engaging the enemy on the left and in front of Pocahontas. At about 9 p.m. was ordered back to a position at the junction of the turnpike and railroad to protect the rear, where we bivouacked for the night. At about 7 o'clock on the morning of the 10th the brigade, of which we formed a part, was ordered to move both ways on the railroad, destroying it and the telegraph, the right wing moving upon the turnpike to destroy the telegraph, the left on the railroad to protect the Sixth Connecticut Volunteers while destroying the railroad. The right wing, under my command, had proceeded about 1 1/2 miles destroying the telegraph, when we were ordered forward at a quick pace. Arriving at the top of the hill to the right of an near Chester Station, we were ordered into line of battle on a road leading from the night of the turnpike, and immediately threw out Company D, under command of Captain Townsend, as skirmishers. We were soon joined by the left wing under Major Sanford. Two companies (E and H), under Captain Dennis, were immediately sent to support a battery upon a hill a little in front of our line. I then ordered Major Sanford, with Companies B and K, to proceed to the top of the hill and engage the enemy.

I was ordered to take the remaining companies (A, C, F, G, and I) and cross to the left of the turnpike to support the line upon that side, which was being fiercely engaged. I was then ordered to send three companies, under Captain Bacon, to the right of the turnpike, where they engaged the enemy's skirmishers and drove them back.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of both officers and men under my command during the entire engagement. Great credit is due to Surgeons Jarvis and Hine for their efficiency.

Appended is a lilts of casualties.* Accompanying this is Major Sanford's report+ of the detachment under his command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. RODMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Seventh Connecticut Vols., Commanding Regiment

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjt. General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 8 enlisted men wounded and 1 enlisted man killed.

+See p.61.

---------------

