
BURLINGTON, N. J., May 10, 1864. [Received 10.45 a.m.]

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I understand that some of the New Jersey regiments have suffered severely in the recent battles. I send agents to care for the wounded. Do you need additional surgeons? I can send some if you wish. Answer to Burlington.

J. PARKER.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 10, 1864-1 p.m.

Governor PARKER,

Burlington, N. J.:

The Surgeon-General reports to me on your telegram of this morning that for the present there is sufficient medical aid, but if more be needed you will be called on.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 10, 1864-8.20 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of yesterday was received this evening. I send herewith dispatches* from Generals Sherman and Butler which contain all that we have from them to this date. This Department is now in telegraphic communication with Belle Plain. The dispatch-boat Diamond will receive and deliver all dispatches to and from you, which will save some hours in transmission. It is reported that matters are not well organized at Fredericksburg, and I send Brigadier-General Slough, an active and energetic man, there for police duty, as military governor, subject to your orders.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Near Spotsylvania Court-House, May 10, 1864-9.30 a.m. [Received 7.45 a.m. 11th.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Chief of Staff:

Enemy hold our front in very strong force and evince a strong determination to interpose between us and Richmond to the last. I shall take no backward steps, but may be compelled to send back to Belle Plain for further supplies. Please have supplies of forage and provisions sent there at once and 50 rounds of ammunition [infantry] for 100,000 men. Send General Benham with the necessary bridge train for the Rappahannock. We can maintain ourselves at least, and in the end beat Lee's army, I believe. Send to Belle Plain all the infantry you can rake and scrape. With present position of the

---------------

*See Sherman to Stanton, Vol. XXXVIII, and Butler to Stanton, May 9, p.10.

---------------

