HDQRS. SEVENTH Regiment CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS, Bermuda Hundred, Va., May 17, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the part taken by my command in the actions of May 12,13, and 14:

Left camp at 3 p.m. on the 12th with 21 commissioned officers and 610 enlisted men, having the right of the Second Brigade (First Division, Tenth Army Corps), Colonel Hawley commanding, moved out on the Petersburg and Richmond turnpike in the vicinity of Chester Station, at Perdue's plantation, threw out 150 men as pickets, and bivouacked for the night. Two of the pickets were wounded during the night.

Put under arms at about 6 a.m. on the 13th and moved on to the Richmond and Petersburg Railroad and Clover Hill Junction, moving on about 8 miles to the right and rear of the enemy's intrenchments, where we supported the Third New Hampshire Volunteers, who were engaging the enemy and driving them out of their works. We bivouacked in their intrenchments for the night, having four companies on picket. On the morning of the 14th, at about daylight, Major Sanford moved forward with five companies, supporting the left of Turner's division, who was advancing on the enemy. About 7.30 a.m. the other five companies moved forward, joining Major Sanford's command, and formed in line of battle at the foot of the hill in the woods, where the enemy were in strong position at the top of the hill in earth-works. A strong line was thrown out as skirmishers, under command of Captain Dennis, where they fought desperately for two hours, expending all their ammunition and the fresh supplies sent. Several men were badly wounded lying in the line of battle. First Sergeant English and Sergeant Ripley, of Company H, and First Sergeant Keys, Company A, behaved with great gallantry. Sergeant English had been hit in the foot, which made him quite lame, but he persisted in moving forward. About 3.30 p.m. the line, Colonel Hawley commanding, was ordered forward on the charge, going up with the Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers on their left, the Third New Hampshire in reserve, to the summit of the slope, where a house had been burned, forcing the enemy to take to their earth-works, about 400 yards in front, leaving us in possession of the top of the hill, where fighting continued at intervals until dark. Just about dark the rebels opened a furious fire and charged from their works with desperation. We opened for about a minute and a half with the full rapidity of the Spencer carbine. The rebel fire was completely subdued and the charge repulsed. The regiment being relieved by the Third New Hampshire Volunteers, we retired to their rear and bivouacked for the night.

The conduct of the officers and men under my command was, without a single exception, deserving of great praise. They distinguished themselves throughout by their gallantry. I would make special mention of Lieutenant Charles A. Wood, who was mortally wounded.

Inclosed is a list of casualties:* Killed, 14; wounded,76; missing, 2; total,92.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,D. C. RODMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Seventh Connecticut Vols., Commanding Regiment

Lieutenant E. LEWIS MOORE,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier, First Div., Tenth Corps.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.13.

---------------

