
must get up at once so as to connect on your right with Wright's command. To do this, bring up your third division, if it is not already up, and place it to the right of the two now at Gayle's.

Yours, &amp;c.,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Ny River, May 10, 1864-8.30 a. m.

General BURNSIDE:

The road running from our front toward Spotsylvania Court-House is the one the rebels first take. Two regiments, and others in motion, are reported by pickets on my right front moving from the direction of the Court-House to the right, apparently toward Meade's left.

O. B. W[ILLCOX].

In haste.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Alsop's House, May 10, 1864.

General WILLCOX,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: I was mistaken in reference to the road from this main road to your place to Spotsylvania Court-House. There is no such road. I am in communication with General Mott, who is about 2 miles in front of us, and his pickets extend over to the Second Michigan. It is ordered that we attack at 5 o'clock this p. m. Please get everything in readiness for the move, and if General Grant will allow it I will send General Potter's division to you instead of supporting Mott. At all event, get everything in readiness for a move on the right flank of the enemy and await orders.

Very truly, yours,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Ny River, May 10, 1864.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Colonel Morrison, who is constantly on the lookout, does not think that any very large bodies of the enemy have passed up from left to right to-day; although some light columns have moved to the right, the general drift seems to be away from Meade's army. There certainly is an immense number of stragglers. The enemy's pickets have pushed their way up boldly between Colonel Humphrey's extreme right and General Meade's left. I fear that the officer who came to ascertain the route for Mott's division was captured. I have not yet heard from Mott. As soon as Humphrey has extended his line, I will report again.

Very respectfully,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

