HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,Washington, D. C., May 10, 1864-11.30 p. m.

General ABERCROMBIE,

Near Fort Ward:

The Secretary wishes you to leave for Belle Plain as soon as possible in the morning. The transports will leave Alexandria about 10 a. m. to-morrow, and you had better be there to accompany the troops. Such of the troops sent, and to be sent to you, as are not required for the protection of stores and care for the wounded are to be sent to General Grant. Telegraphic communication with Belle Plain will be opened to-morrow, when you will please report to General Halleck for further instructions.

Very truly, yours,

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., May 10, 1864.

Commander F. A. PARKER,

Commanding Potomac Flotilla:

General Halleck says that 1,500 cavalry have gone to Fredericksburg, and the senior officer there can be called upon to use his discretion. Hooker ought to move up only in the daytime with boats ahead. It is not a necessity to call for risk tot he lives of officers and men. It is hardly known here what the senior officer at Fredericksburg will do after giving orders to Hooker. I would go and see him, and act in your discretion after consulting with him. Perhaps by protecting the banks of the Rappahannock, transports might go up. This is for you to examine into and advise. A telegraphic cable is to cross at Mathias Point, thence to Potomac Creek or Belle Plain.

G. V. FOX.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 10, 1864-2 p m.

Major-General BUTLER,

Via Fort Monroe:

Your dispatch of yesterday* stating the operations under your command has just been received, and I have sent it to the Capitol to be read there. I congratulate you and your gallant command upon the skill, energy, and success of your operations. We have nothing direct from the Army of the Potomac later than my telegram of yesterday, but reports say that Lee is retreating and Grant pursuing with his whole army. Dispatches from General Sherman state that he has been engaged for the last two days with Johnston's army, and there is reason to hope for a brilliant victory in that quarter. General Kautz was confirmed as brigadier on Saturday, and I am rejoiced he is so well vindicating the merit of the appointment. His commission will be forwarded immediately.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See p. 10.

---------------

