HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,May 10, 1843-11.13 a. m.

Colonel SHAFFER,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I am directed to report how the process of relieving the troops here is going on. I relieved General Wistar about half an hour ago. General Turner has relieved General Heckman. I have sent two of my regiments to the Junction in obedience to orders from General Gillmore. I was ordered to await further orders. As General Terry sends word he is engaged with the enemy, and as the troops (General Turner's, who bring up the rear) here are in position, I will withdraw my whole command to go to General Terry.

Yours, &amp;c.,

A. AMES,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, May 10, 1864-5.15 p. m.

Colonel J. B. HOWELL,

Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: Withdraw your force except a strong picket on the line you now occupy within the lines. The force on your left has been withdrawn.

By command of Major-General Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS,May 10, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that yesterday evening I requested Major-General Gillmore to relieve General Heckman's brigade, which has been fighting three days out of the four that we have been here, by a brigade of General Turner's division, stating at the time that I had no troops not actually in the presence of the enemy, and that I was anxious to give General Heckman a chance to make some coffee for his men, which they could not do on the front. This request was denied. Later in the evening, upon being informed by General Gillmore that our rear was threatened by infantry and cavalry, I requested General Gillmore to give me one regiment to guard the roads leading to the rear of my lines, stating at the time that I had no regiment that I could safely withdraw from my front for this duty. Still later in the night, at a time when I thought General Burnham was being driven back, and knowing that the safety of our command depended in a great measure upon that position being held, to save time I sent direct to General Turner, asking him to give me two regiments to aid General Brooks to maintain that position. I have, therefore, now respectfully to

