
City, the commanding officer reporting on his arrival to Colonel J. Jourdan, commanding Sub-District of Beaufort.

II. The companies of the Second Massachusetts Heavy Artillery at fort Macon and the company of that regiment at Morehead City will be relieved, under Colonel Jourdan's direction, by a sufficient number of companies of the First North Carolina (Union) Volunteers. After this is done, and the new garrisons have become familiar with their duties, the companies of the Second Massachusetts Heavy Artillery mentioned will proceed to New Berne, N. C. On arrival the commanding officer will report to Brigadier-General Harland, commanding Sub-District of New Berne.

III. Colonel James Frankle, Second Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, is relieved from the command of the post of Fort Macon, and will proceed to New Berne, N. C., with the headquarters of his regiment, reporting on arrival to Brigadier-General Harland, commanding Sub-District of New Berne.

IV. Colonel J. M. McChesney, First North Carolina (Union) Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the post of Fort Macon, vice Colonel Frankle, relieved.

V. Lieutenant-Colonel Stone, Third New York Artillery, is relieved from further duty in the Sub-District of Beaufort, and will report for duty to the commanding officer of his regiment, in the Sub-District of New Berne.

* * * * * *

By command of Brigadier General I. N. Palmer:

J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DES MOINES, IOWA, May 11, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The thanks of a grateful people are due to General Grant and his heroic army for their gallant conduct and splendid achievements, and to the War Department for the able and cordial support he has received at all times in his plans and movements against the enemy.

WM. STONE.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Near Spotsylvania Court-House, May 11, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

We have now ended the sixth day of very heavy fighting. The result to this time is much in our favor. but our losses have been heavy, as well as those of the enemy. We have lost to this time 11 general officers, killed, wounded, and missing, and probably 20,000 men. I think the loss of the enemy must be greater, we having taken over 4,000 prisoners in battle, while he has taken but few except stragglers. I am now sending back to Belle Pain all my wagons for a fresh supply of provisions and ammunition, and propose to fight it out on this line if it takes all summer.

The arrival of re-enforcements here will be very encouraging to the men, and I hope they will be sent as fast as possible, and in as

