HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Near Spotsylvania Court-House, Va.,

May 11, 1864-12.20 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac,

GENERAL: As the train remaining here will be small after the compliance with orders sending all empty wagons to Belle Plain, and as General Burnside sends his colored troops and cavalry with the empty wagons, each corps must furnish guards for its own train. You will please give directions accordingly. General Burnside has been notified that he will have his own train only to guard.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]

Issue necessary orders. Corps commanders can learn from chief quartermaster where their trains are.

[G. G. M.]

MAY 11, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

The movement of the enemy may be explained by the position Burnside has assumed. Comstock is over with Burnside, and will not lose a chance to push the enemy. He has probably made such developments as to induce the enemy to give up his right, if it was weak.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,May 11, 1864-3 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

Move three divisions of the Second Corps by the rear of the Fifth and Sixth Corps under cover of night so as to join the Ninth Corps in a vigorous assault on the enemy at 4 a. m. to-morrow. I will send one or two staff officers over to-night to stay with Burnside and impress him with the importance of a prompt and vigorous attack. Warren and Wright should hold their corps as close to the enemy as possible to take advantage of any diversion caused by this attack, and to push in if the opportunity presents itself. There is but little doubt in my mind but that the assault last evening would have proven entirely successful if it had commenced one hour earlier and had been heartily entered into by Mott's division and the Ninth Corps.

Respectfully,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

May 11, 1864-7.05 a. m.

Corps commanders will take immediate and active measures to replenish their supplies of ammunition, and they will bring as near

