
pouring volley after volley into us over the top of their works, and coming out in thousands to sweep the little band (which had been left behind and were pouring a murderous fire into them) from their position. Arriving in the open field, I received orders to fall back to a position in the woods across the field, and form in the rear of the Third New Hampshire Volunteers. My ammunition being nearly expended, I was ordered to take a position in a field about 1,000 yards to the rear of right, where we remained a short time, and being joined by the Third New Hampshire Volunteers, we marched slowly back to a position upon a hill to the left of the turnpike, where we remained a short time and were then marched across a ravine to the rear, taking a position on the ground occupied by us on the night of the 12th, remaining about half an hour, and were then moved back and across the ravine to the place previously occupied, to form a part of the rear guard, remaining three hours and falling slowly back and bringing up the rear. Arrived in camp at about 8 p.m.

I will mention the names of Corporals Walker and Braman, Privates Lamphere and Holmes, Company H; Privates Painter, Minor, Jackson, and Wright, Company C, and Privates D. S. Andrews and Brockett, Company E, who volunteered to reconnoiter in our front after the enemy were driven back, and went forward into the fog upon the ground just vacated by the enemy; and of the 15 men from each company left back too much praise cannot be given them for their conduct in holding the rifle-pits until the rest of the command had gone safely into the woods. But for them the whole command must have been badly cut up. All, officers and men, behaved with great credit to themselves and the regiment, and could the right of our lines been held, we could have held our position against any force brought before it, for with the Spencer carbine, plenty of ammunition, and a determined set of men, nothing can stand before them. Inclosed is a list of casualties:* Killed, 13; wounded, 17; missing, 74; total, 104.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. S. SANFORD,

Major Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, Commanding Regiment

Lieutenant E. LEWIS MOORE,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier, First Div., Tent Army Corps.

No. 19. Report of Captain Theodore Bacon, Seventh Connecticut Infantry, of operations June 1-2.

CAMP OF THE SEVENTH Regiment CONNECTICUT VOLS., Near Bermuda Hundred, Va., June 3, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that this regiment, numbering 15 officers and 324 enlisted men, Major O. S. Sanford commanding, relieved the Third New Hampshire Volunteers, upon the picket-line, at dusk on the evening of Wednesday, June 1. Companies A, F, D, and I were posted across the open ground in front of our works between Batteries 4 and 5, in the shallow and disconnected rifle-pits occupied by the picket force. The right of these four companies, of which I was placed in charge, touched the woods where Companies C

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.13.

---------------

