
steamer cannot come up at all, and I will have to transfer the mules to the barges. By this means I hope to unload all. I will push everything with all possible dispatch. The roads are blocked up with sick and wounded.

Respectfully, yours,

TIMOTHY LUBEY,

Captain, Fifteenth New York Volunteer Engineers.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND NEW YORK CAVALRY,Fredericksburg, May 11, 1864.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 11th instant, by Surg. R. W. Pease directed to the commanding officer of the dismounted cavalry. In reply I have to inform you that to my knowledge there is no dismounted cavalry in or near Fredericksburg; that my command, the Twenty-second New York Cavalry, consists of only a little over 600 men for duty. In addition to this force there are only 100 infantry of the Fifty-seventh New York, a force in my opinion entirely inadequate to the defense of the town in case of a guerrilla raid, and for the performance of all the other duty required of us. My command has furnished escorts to every ambulance train to the lines of the army, and the escorts were not sent to the battle-field, as by the advice of the provost-marshal it was not thought necessary. I have also sent escorts with every ambulance and supply train from here to Belle Plain. I keep a picket on every road leading into Fredericksburg, and a strong guard along the bank of the river to prevent stragglers from going over on boats, rafts, or bridges, and allowing none but wounded to pass. I also furnish mounted orderlies for the provost-marshal and the surgeon-in-chief, and men to bury the dead. I have escorts to accompany ambulance trains to the battle-field and back, it shall be done, and should you think any changes in the disposition of my forces necessary, I trust you will inform me.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. McLENNAN,

Major, Commanding Twenty-second New York Cavalry.

MAY 11, 1864-11.30 a. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER SECOND CORPS:

The major-general commanding directs that you send Major-General Birney's division to unite with General Mott's, and both, under the command of General Birney, to form a connection between Generals Wright and Burnside. General Wright will indicate to General Birney the route he should follow.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

The reserve brigade of General Gibbon will be placed in the gap made by the withdrawal of Birney.

A. A. H.

(Copy to commanding officer Fifth Army Corps except last paragraph.)

