HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 11, 1864-4 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: You will move, as soon after dark as it can be done without attracting the attention of the enemy, the divisions of Birney and Barlow, with which and Mott's division you will assault the enemy's line from the left of the position now occupied by General Wright and between him and General Burnside. The position, occupied yesterday by General Mott, or to the left of it, near Hicks' house, would be a suitable point. This assault should be made at 4 a. m. as promptly as possible. There are two roads by which you can move. Gibbon's division cannot be moved without giving notice to the enemy. He will be moved before daylight to the shorter line we shall occupy, and if he can possible be spared he will be sent to you.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 11, 1864.

The First and Third Division of the corps will leave their present positions quietly at -- o'clock to-night. They will be led by staff officers from these headquarters to their new positions (but a short distance). All wheeled vehicles will be sent to the general train as soon as possible after the troops have left. The pickets will be withdrawn promptly at --- o'clock a. m. The men will be permitted to build fires this evening before the march, but after arriving in the new position no fires will be allowed. In marching to the new position the men will be kept well closed up, the distance being so short there can be no excuse for straggling. The pioneers will carry all their tools with them. In going into action they will carry them in their hands. The artillery will be led by a staff officer under the direction of the chief of artillery to the new position by a different road from that taken by the infantry, and be placed in position under his direction. At [4] o'clock an assault will be made at the enemy's work in front by Birney's and barlow's divisions, supported by Mott's division. When a lodgment is made in the enemy's position of sufficient extent, it will be entrenched. A staff officer of each division will be sent to conduct the pickets to the new position. The formation will be indicated hereafter. Three wagons of entrenching tools will be at hand, from which the commanders may, if they think proper, provide some of their rear divisions.*
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,Wednesday May 11, 1864-1.40 p. m.

(Received 2.40 p. m.)

We are just bringing a battery into position at Talley's house to drive out the enemy at Chewning's house. My skirmishers are just crossing the river at the mill. Nothing developed yet. My force

---------------

*Signature to this circular missing from the copy on file in the War Department.

---------------

