
on the Todd's Tavern road has not struck anything yet. The enemy have two guns at Chewning's but only a small force of infantry is visible.

Respectfully,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MAY 11, 1864-2.05 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

Colonel Miles has reached Todd's Tavern and found no enemy. He is advancing to comply with the order to examine the Catharpin road. We are shelling Chewning's house, but get no answer. I have not yet heard from my skirmishers, who are crossing at the mill.

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, May 11, 1864-3.30 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

Our skirmishers nearly reached the Spotsylvania road at the cross-road at Chewning's. They there encountered a skirmish line in rifle-pits, and were pushed back. The enemy are in no force and developed no line of battle. It is clear they are not holding the point in force. Will communicate further when officer commanding comes out. We have retired.

FRANCIS C. BARLOW.

TODD'S TAVERN, May 11, 1864-2.45 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel F. A. WALKER, A. A. G.:

COLONEL: The skirmish line is advanced into the woods beyond and in front of General Birney's position. No sign of any of the enemy. Six rebel scouts were at the first house on the right of the Catharpin road, in the first opening beyond Todd's Tavern, at 2 p. m. yesterday. They questioned the people living there pretty closely as to the location of the right of our line, and also as to our losses, and passed back toward Corbin's Bridge. Cavalry scouts have been sent out on the road and to the right and left for at least a mile beyond our position, but discover nothing.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN FRASER,

Colonel 140th Pa. Vols., Second Corps, Commanding Detach.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,

May 11, 1864-10.15 a. m.

General [HANCOCK]:

Looking across the Po to the position I held yesterday morning, I can see a column (I think of infantry) passing down toward the bridge Barlow was trying to take on the Catharpin road. The rifle-pits above the house are occupied by infantry.

Respectfully, yours,

JOHN GIBBON,

Brigadier-General.

