HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,May 11, 1864-12.12 [p.] m.

General BIRNEY:

You will proceed to join the left of Major-General Wright and take command of your own and Mott's divisions, and advance to the right of General Burnside, sweeping everything in your way until you form the junction. Leave a company of sharpshooters here for the present.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,

May 11, 1864.

The brigadier-general commanding is grieved to notice that the Fourth Division, Second Corps, is sacrificing the reputation of "Hooker's old division" (subsequently so ably commanded by Sickles and Berry). There is no excuse for such conduct. The combined armies of the Union are moving at once. Victories are being gained at every point, and the death blow is being dealt to rebellion. The time calls for greater exertion than any previous one, and the commanding general expects it will be put forth. Commanding officers of Brigadies, regiments, and companies are called upon and enjoined to exercise that example and authority required of them by existing orders and regulations. Let us show to the army and the world that our part has been fully and faithfully performed.

By command of Brigadier-General Mott:

T. W. EAYRE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 11, 1864-6 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel BANKHEAD:

General Warren has just ordered 500 of the heavy artillery over to your place to be put into the breast-works. If you want more send for them. The general wishes you to extend the picket-line, say, a quarter of a mile further out in the direction of the Coleman house, with the square barn. There are some rail piles where the old line was. Perhaps our men carried those piles off this morning.

W. A. ROEBLING,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 11, 1864-6.30 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIFTH CORPS:

I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that the Second Corps will be withdrawn to-night from its position, which you will hold in addition to the position now held by you. Colonel Kitching's heavy artillery brigade will be retained by you. You will arrange with the commander of the Second Corps the time

