
and order of withdrawal of the troops of that corps, and the occupation by your troops of their position. You will shorten your lines wherever, in your judgment, upon a consideration of all the circumstances, it would be advisable. To aid in meeting an attack of the enemy or his advance upon our right, General Wright, commanding Sixth Corps, will post at Alsop's, in the vicinity of your present headquarters, a division of his corps, under the command of General Russell, that will be held ready to move wherever required. Another division of his corps, under General Wheaton, will be held ready near his own position to support wherever needed. The combined attack of Burnside and Hancock will take place at 4.30 a. m. to-morrow, at which hour your troops will be in readiness.

Headquarters will be at ----.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 11, 1864.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that these headquarters will be moved early to-morrow morning to the vicinity of Hicks' house, from which point telegraphic communication will be established with you. Please inform me by the bearer whether you intend remaining at your present location during to-morrow, or whether you would prefer having the telegraph run to some other point to be designated by you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,May 11, 1864.

General GRIFFIN:

I shall have to use General Bartlett's brigade on our right to-morrow morning and wish him to have his brigade under arms and the head of column marched by the road right in front up to headquarters by 3 a. m. General Hancock's troops have been relieved on my right to make an assault by daybreak on the enemy's right in connection with General Burnside. Tell General Bartlett to report to me when the head of his column reaches me.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

Regimental commanders will have their commands in readiness to comply with the above.

[J. J. B.]

MAY 11, 1864.

Captain CONRAD:

The enemy appear to be about planting a battery on our left.

L. B. BRUEN,

Major Twelfth Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

