HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,May 11, 1864-3.15 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I can establish my left on the Brown house, which is understood to be the point on which General Burnside is moving, and where he is to rest his right. I will put a brigade beyond the house in support of a couple of batteries. I can still hold my present line of rifle-pits. The pickets have ceased firing, in consequence of the enemy's sharpshooters, who are exceedingly annoying; but the enemy is reported in line of battle at various points on my front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Corps.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

May 11, 1864-5 p. m.

The rifle-pits on the line of the corps will be occupied by the divisions of General Ricketts and General Mott. The divisions of General Russell and General Neill will be withdrawn from the rifle-pits, and formed in two lines each, the former in rear of its present position, the latter in rear of the right of the present line of the corps. Both of these divisions will be held in readiness to move wherever needed. General Mott will withdraw at dark the reconnoitering party sent out this morning. The present picket-line will be maintained.

By command of Brigadier-General Wright:

M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,

May 11, 1864-9.45 p. m.

This division will be in readiness to move at 3.30 a. m. to-morrow in the following order: First Brigade, Second Brigade, Third Brigade, Fourth Brigade.

By command of Brigadier-General Russell:

HENRY R. DALTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR SPOTSYLVANIA COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

May 11, 1864-8.15 a. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Make immediately preparation to send back to Belle Plain every team you have empty or can empty to bring up fresh supplies. Unload from your present supplies two days' rations to be issued to men, and ammunition enough to fill all the cartridgeboxes. All the trains of the Army of the Potomac will go back at the same time. Send as escort to the trains your cavalry and colored

