
division. There will be arriving at Belle Plain re-enforcements for this army sufficient to make with this escort a strong column to protect the train on its return.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[Indorsement.]

MAY 11, 1864.

This order was not delivered to Major-General Burnside until 1 p. m. on account of my being unable to reach him by the route first attempted.

W. L. DUFF,

Lieutenant Colonel and A. I. G., staff of Lieutenant-General Grant.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,In the Field, near Spotsylvania Court-House, Va.,

May 11, 1864-12.15 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: After the departure of the trains with the colored troops and cavalry of your command for Belle Plain, as per orders of to-day, there will be but small trains remaining here, and each corps will guard its own. You can guard yours by sending back your Provisional Brigade to where it now is, or you can bring your trains up closer to you as you may deem most prudent.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Near Spotsylvania Court-House, Va., May 11, 1864-4 p. m.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

Major-General Hancock has been ordered to move his entire corps under cover of night to join you in a vigorous attack against the enemy 4 a. m. of to-morrow, the 12th instant. You will move against the enemy with your entire force promptly and with all possible vigor at precisely 4 o'clock to-morrow morning. Let your preparations for this attack be conducted with the utmost secrecy, and veiled entirely from the enemy. I send two of my staff officers, Colonels Comstock and Babcock, in whom I have great confidence, to remain with you and General Hancock, and who are acquainted with the direction the attack is to be made from here, with instructions to render you very assistance in their power. Generals Warren and Wright will hold their corps as close to the enemy as possible, to take advantage of any diversion caused by your and Hancock's attack, and will push in their whole force if any opportunity presents itself.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

