
BERMUDA LANDING, May 11, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

I have detained the morning mail-boat for your mail. The Greyhound has just returned from Jamestown Island. No dispatches for you. One camp up for the admiral. Will send the Greyhound back at once, and have another boat ready to take whatever you may have to send. I think it would be well to appoint a dispatch and express messenger.

C. E. FULLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Quartermaster.

FORT MONROE, VA., May 11, 1864-6.30 p. m.

(Received 7.20 p. m.)

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS, Quartermaster-General.

Four tugs will leave for Washington at once. Will send tug to-night if it arrives from City Point. General Butler has ordered steamers to be held at Bermuda Hundred sufficient to carry 5,000 infantry and corresponding amount of cavalry and artillery. Have forwarded supplies for fifty days' commissary subsistence stores and twenty days' forage; large amount of ammunition. Am ordered to increase supply of forage to thirty days for 7,000 animals. What water transportation can be spared am sending to New York, Baltimore, and Hilton Head; to General Rucker such propellers as he has required. Am collecting considerable corn and fodder from farms near Fort Powhatan and Wilson's Landing. General Kautz arrived at City Point yesterday.

HERMAN BIGGS,

Colonel and Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, May 11, 1864-[9.30 p. m.]

Major-General GILLMORE, Commanding Tenth Army Corps:

A movement will be made to-morrow morning at daybreak of the troops in the manner following: General Smith will take all of his corps that can be spared from his line with safety, and will demonstrate against the enemy up the turnpike, extending his line of advance to the left, with his right resting, at the beginning of the movement, on the river at or near howlett's house, pressing the enemy into their entrenchments with the endeavor to turn them on the left, if not too hotly opposed. General Gillmore will order one division of his corps to report to General Smith with two days' rations ready to march at any time at or after daylight, at General Smith's order. General Gillmore will make such disposition with the remainder of his corps as to hold the enemy in check if any movement is made upon the rear of General Smith or upon our lines from the direction of Petersburg, holding such troops as may not be necessary to be thrown forward by him upon the turnpike in reserve, ready to re-enforce either point that may be attacked.

Of course, General Smith's demonstration will cover the right of General Gillmore's line of works, unless he [-General Smith-] is forced back. General Kautz has orders to proceed as soon as the demonstration of General Smith's troops has masked his movements from at or near Chester Station, to make demonstrations upon the

