
Danville road for the purpose of cutting it. It is intended to develop [by this movement] the entire strength of the enemy in the direction of Richmond, and, if possible, either to force them within their entrenchments or turn them, as the case may be. If successful, it is supposed that the troops will occupy during the night the line of advance secured. General Hinks has orders to seize and hold a point [on the Appomattox] opposite General Smith's headquarters pending this movement. The commanding general fails to make further orders in detail because of personal explanation given to each corps commander of the movement intended.*

Respectfully,

[BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.]
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, May 11, 1864.

Colonel J. W. SHAFFER,

Chief of Staff, Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

COLONEL: I have the honor to invite your attention to my letter of the 8th instant, and respectfully request to be informed if any more cavalry can be spared for duty with the Tenth Corps.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Hatcher's, Va., May 11, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. E. FULLER,

Chief Quartermaster, Tenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: Major-General Gillmore desires to be informed as to the disposition made by you of the transportation belonging to the Tenth Army Corps. Transportation sufficient to supply the corps was ordered to accompany the command. Has it arrived? If so, he wishes you to forward it as soon as possible, as much serious inconvenience is experienced for want of it. If sent to these headquarters charge will be taken of transporting all supplies for the Tenth Corps.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,May 11, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER, Commanding Department:

GENERAL: I am informed by General Ames that a number of men of both the Tenth an eighteenth Corps have been discovered outside the entrenchments. I have ordered a cavalry force to go out and bring them in.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, &amp;c.,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*For similar communication to General Smith (the differences in copies found being herein noted in brackets), see p. 113.

---------------

