
cooked rations and 60 rounds of ammunition. Two batteries will accompany you; the remaining one will be held in readiness to move at short notice. The troops will be got under arms with as little noise as possible. No reveille will be sounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-It is intended that you got to Port Walthall Junction to cover an advance on the right of our line to be made by General W. F. Smith. General Smith is to move at daybreak, and if you received no further orders you will move from the line of entrenchments after the Eighteenth Corps and Turner's division, of the Tenth Corps, have passed out. General Turner accompanies General Smith.

Q. A. GILLMORE.

The last order will have precedence, and you will only take such precautions for your defense as your own situation during the night may suggest.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

MAY 11, 1864.

General BUTLER:

I understood a courier has been captured from Beauregard, saying he was on his way to Drewry's Bluff. Is this correct? Do you wish any change of movements?

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,May 11, 1864.

Colonel SHAFFER,

Chief of Staff, Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

COLONEL: I have the honor to request that you will inform me this evening, at once if possible, of the movements contemplated to-morrow morning, in order that I may make the necessary arrangements.*

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,May 11, 1864.

Brigadier General W. T. H. BROOKS,

Commanding First Division, Eighteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding corps desires that you will issue the necessary orders immediately to have the cartridge-boxes of the men filled and to take 20 rounds in their pockets. The men

---------------

*For instructions to Smith, see p. 113.

---------------

