
will be sent to-day to Belle Plain, to receive and transmit telegraphic messages that may be forwarded from your headquarters for Washington, and such as may be transmitted from here to you. His name will be designated to you, and thus a more frequent and early communication can be established. Major-General Halleck, chief of staff, will inform you what measures are taken to furnish you with re-enforcements, and to relieve you from the burden of the wounded and prisoners that are now on your hands. Colonel Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, will be sent to Belle Plain to day, and, if necessary, to your headquarters, to make the proper arrangements. I have communicated with Mrs. Grant while she remained in New York. I received yesterday a letter from Mr. Hillver, at whose house she was staying, forming me that had returned in good health to saint Louis; I shall communicate with her to-day. I also inclose you a note* received from Lieutenant-general Scott, which he desired to have transmitted to you.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary Of War.

P. S.- General Kautz's nomination is confirmed. General Wright will be confirmed as major-general to-day. Please furnish me with any other nominations you desire to have made.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,May 12, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK, Washington:

Send General Augur, if possible, with 10,000 of the best infantry from the defenses of Washington.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant General.

NEAR SPOTSYLVANIA COURT-HOUSE,

May 12, 1864 - 6.30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

The eighth day hands for battle closes, leaving between 3,000 and 4,000 prisoners in our hands for the day's work, including 2 general officers and over 30 pieces of artillery. The enemy are obstinate and seem to have found the last ditch. We have lost no organization, not even that of a company, while we have destroyed and capture one division (Johnson's), one brigade (Doles'), and one regiment entire of the enemy.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 12, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: One officer and some hundred or more men, deserters, have arrived here with the wounded, under pretense of wounds,

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

