HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,May 12, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

Generals Griffin's and Crawford's divisions are not so strong as I supposed, not exceeding 5,000. I can't furnish more than 1,000 more, perhaps, and I doubt whether that is enough to insure success. I shall, however, make all the preparations and assault, or not, accordingly to my discretion and that of General Hancock, unless positively ordered. General Burnside has been hard pressed, and may be again, and we may be assaulted ourselves. The column will be available to repulse either if we don't assault ourselves. What I fear most is a counter assault if ours fails. Both General Hancock and myself are entrenching in rear of our position with a view to this.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,May 12, 1864 - 5.10 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

I have decided not to make the assault for the reasons given in previous dispatch - those reasons being, not that it might not succeed, but in view of the disaster which would possibly follow a failure; also the want of a sufficient available and suitable force to insure a reasonable prospect of success. I shall abandon entirely my old position of yesterday, and extend my present right to the morass in front of it. This, with Griffin's column and some relieved troops, who have been fighting all day, are all the reserve I have. General Hancock desires me to say that he fully concurs in the views I have expressed. I shall make a return on my right with what force I can collect.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 12, 1864 - 6.15 p. m.

General WRIGHT:

Your dispatch abandoning attack received and approved. Rectify your lines and connect with Warren, keeping the Fifth Corps as far as practicable together and on your right.

MEADE.

Communicate To Warren and Humphreys and prepare to rearrange the right flank.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 12, 1864.

General WRIGHT,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

It was understood this evening on your visit here that Cutler was to be relieved and returned to General Warren. How about this?

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

