HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 12, 1864 - 11 p. m.

General WRIGHT, Commanding Sixth Corps:

Your dispatch received. The major-general commanding directs me to say that the Fifth Corps has been under fire all day, too; that that were sent to you not to relieve your troops nor to hold your line, but to form a column of attack, which has been abandoned. These troops are necessary to hold your right flank and prevent your being taken in reserve. Whatever disposable force Warren can collect, after holding the shortest possible line on your right, will be held near you to meet desperate emergencies. I wish to leave to the commander of the Fifth Corps the selection of that disposable force. Can you not shorten your line? Please answer immediately, as General Warren is waiting here to learn the reply.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,May 12, 1864 - 11.45 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

In reply to yours of 11 p. m., I have to say that I can't shorten my lines a single foot, and as General Hancock cannot, in his opinion, extend to his right to fill space I relieved him from to-day, I shall have to hold the position at the Angle of the enemy's lines, which is constantly contested, and where an incessant fire is kept up with my own troops, which have been under fire since they came into the position this morning. I don't think I can connect with General Hancock without such of Cutler's troops as are now on this line, and I would urgently request that at least those be left till I can readjust my lines. Even then I shall have to hold this important point of our line with an inadequate force, in case the enemy should attack in column.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,May 12, 1864 - 5.45 a. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

General Hancock reports that he has carried the enemy's first and second line of works and taken many prisoners. He is still pressing on.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,May 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: * Tell General Burnside the battery will be attended to at once. Sixth Corps just going in on our right, and General Hancock would like to know just where General Burnside is.

MORGAN,

Chief of Staff.

---------------

* To whom addressed does not appear.

---------------

