
to the line in front had 2 men killed and 6 wounded. At night went to the front for picket duty, where during the night we dug a ditch for cover as best we could with tin pans, dippers, plates, &amp;c. Next morning (15th) the enemy commenced firing upon us, which was returned and heavy firing continued all day. Was relieved at night and fell back in rear of the woods for the night. Our casualties for the day were 3 enlisted men killed and 5 wounded. Next morning (16th) was ordered to the front to charge over the enemy's work. After lying in rear of picket-line for some time, waiting orders to go forward, I was ordered to the rear, and in falling back our loss was considerable. Fell back to the right and rear, and halted in rear of a small piece of woods. While there the enemy charged out of his work directly in my front and attempted to flank the troops on our left. I was ordered to advance and engage the enemy, and did so. After a few minutes firing he began to shake, and I immediately ordered a charge and drove him into a piece of woods, where he attempted to rally, but could not, and retired to his work. We took 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 major and some 15 privates prisoners, and left a large number of the enemy dead and wounded in the woods and on the ground we occupied. Afterward was ordered to fall back, and came to camp same evening. Casualties of the day were 2 officers killed and 1 wounded; 7 enlisted men killed and 34 wounded, and 13 missing.

During the four days' engagement my officers and men behaved in a most gallant manner, and nobly and cheerfully did their duty and underwent the hardships and privations to which they were subjected.

Inclosed is a list* of the killed, wounded, and missing for the four days covered by this report.

J. I. PLIMTPON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Third New Hampshire Vols.

Lieutenant E. LEWIS MOORE,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier, First Div., Tenth Army Corps.

HDQRS. THIRD NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS, Bermuda Hundred, Va., June 3, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the affair of yesterday:

In accordance with orders my men (about 200) moved out to the redan in front of Battery No. 3. I then reported to General Terry, who ordered me to go out to the picket-line and communicate with the officer in charge of the picket-line, after which I reported to General Terry again, and was ordered to deploy my men in front of the redan and move up and retake the rifle-pits in the field and in the woods on the right; but after looking over the ground and finding it nearly impossible to get through the timber, and knowing I should be seen plainly by the enemy and draw a heavy fire, I concluded to march my men round to the picket-line, and moved through to the woods to the left, where I deployed half my men in a direction so as to flank the corner of the woods next the open field and moved up cautiously until near the enemy, when, at the order, my men dashed forward over the pits of the enemy and were hardly

---------------

*Embodied in revises statement, p.13.

---------------

