
that some officer of his command should open it, which I did. I them commenced immediately to move the pontoon and material farther down the river, and at 1 o'clock this morning we had ready for the quartermaster's department a floating dock of 360 feet long. I am anxious to return to the engineer depot, as the general desires, but for the present Captain Pitkin says he wants me here.

I am, sir, respectfully, &amp;c.,

TIMOTHY LUBEY,

Captain, Fifteenth N. Y. Vol. Engineers, Commanding Detach.

BELLE PLAIN, May 12, 1864.

[Captain CHANNING CLAPP,

Assistant Adjutant-General:]

DEAR CAPTAIN: I forward by one of my men a report and a letter from General Halleck to General Benham. You can see how I was ordered. I have given all the aid and comfort I can to the quartermaster's department. All here is confusion at percent. I am very anxious about the mules and trucks, as I understand we will move from here by water. This as all I can learn. I am thinking of sending all of them back to Washington. Please tell Captain Robbins to send me some carpenter's tools, as I have not one. I am most anxious to get back to the depot (and will do so if I can), as I don't much like being aide to the quartermaster's department.

Truly, yours,

T. LUBEY.

Aquia Creek is not to be opened, so I understand.

T. L.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 1. Belle Plain, May 12, 1864.

The undersigned assumes command of all troops at this place and Fredericksburg, together with all troops in their vicinity. All communications will be addressed to Captain R. L Orr, acting assistant adjutant-general.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 1. Belle Plain, May 12, 1864.

I. Colonel Byrnes, commanding Provisional Brigade, will leave at Belle Plain one regiment. Colonel Dushane, commanding the Provisional Battalion, composing the Maryland troops, will guard the road between Belle Plain and Feredericksburg. On his arrival at Fredericksburg he will ascertain if there is a sufficient guard there; if not, he will detail a portion of his command and proceed with the remainder with all the men and officers who are ordered to proceed to their regiments. Colonel Byrnes will start to-morrow, May 13, by

