
restrained from following the retreating enemy to his own works. At the same time the lie moved up, the balance of my men were moves still more to the left by the flank through the timber and into the pits in the open field, while the line occupied the enemy's attention on the right. A considerable number of prisoners were taken, but being immediately sent to the rear I am unable to state the number. I occupied our old line of pits, extending to the right through the woods about 400 yards. Here the Thirty-Ninth Illinois Volunteers moved up and connected with my right at my request. From my right the line bore off to the right across the road to Ware Bottom Church, about 150 yards in advance of the line first occupied by our forces. I found in the woods near the open field the enemy had dug a new line of pits a little north of our own line. After occupying the line I proceeded, in accordance with General Terry's instructions, to establish a new line a little in rear of the one now held and connecting with the old pit first occupied by our forces, and detailed an officer to take charge of a working party and commence digging the pits.

In this affair my officers and men behaved in a most gallant manner, nobly doing their duty. Captain William H. Maxwell rendered me great assistant as acting major of the regiment, and deserves special mention for his conduct at this time. About dark my men were relieved and returned to camp. The casualties were as follows, making a total of 2 killed and 8 wounded.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. I. PLIMPTON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Third New Hampshire Vols.

Lieutenant W. L. MOORE,

A. A. AG., Second Brigadier, First Div., Tenth Army Corps.

No. 21. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas A. Hendreson, Seventh New Hampshire Infantry, of operations May 9-10.
HDQRS. SEVENTH NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS, Bermuda Hundred, Va.,May 11, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the operations of the 9th and 10th instant:

The line was formed at 4 a.m. on the 9th, and soon after the regiment, with the others constituting Hawley's brigade, marched toward the Richmond and Petersburg Railroad, and reaching the railroad at about 12 m., proceeded on the line of the road toward Petersburg. On arriving at Walthall Junction the regiment remained halted several hours. The command of the regiment here devolved upon myself, Colonel Abbott assuming the command of the brigade. Toward sunset the regiment was moved forward on the turnpike about 1 mile, and again halted and formed in line of battle. At about 11 p.m. the regiment was moved back to the turnpike crossing, where it bivouacked during the night. At about 7 a.m. on the 10th instant the regiment was ordered to tear up the

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

