
force to cut the Danville railroad near Appomattox Station, and perhaps can advance on Lames River. Will do all I [he] can, but the country is a terrible one to operate in. Nothing has been heard from General Sherman since the dispatches sent to you yesterday, which stated him to be in front of Buzzard Roost waiting for Stoneman, and that McPherson has fallen back from Resaca to Snake Creek Gap. General Steele is at Little Rock, having whipped Kirby Smith and a superior force at Saline River. A boat reached Cairo yesterday with dates to May 2. All was quiet at Alexandria. Only a small force of the enemy in front of banks, and re-enforcements going up the Red River to Banks. Canby left Cairo for Red River two days ago. He wanted Buell to be assigned him. But Buell thinks it degradation. May God bless you.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

SPOTSYLVANIA COURT-HOUSE, May 13, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

I beg leave to recommend the following promotions to be made for gallant and distinguished services in the last eight days' battles, to wit: Brigadier General H. G. Wright and Brigadier General John Gibbon to be major-generals; Colonel S. S. Carroll, Eighth Ohio Volunteers, Colonel E. Upton, One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers; Colonel William McCandless, Second Pennsylvania Reserves, to be brigadier-generals. I would also recommend Major General W. S. Hancock for brigadier-general in the regular army. His services and qualifications are eminently deserving of this recognition.

In making these recommendations I do not wish the claims of General G. M. Dodge for promotion forgotten, but recommend his name to be sent in at the same time. I would also ask to have General Wright assigned to the command of the Sixth Army Corps. I would further ask the confirmation of General Humphreys to the rank of major-general. General Meade has more than met my most sanguine expectations. He and Sherman are the fittest officers for large commands I have come in contact with. If their services can be rewarded by promotion to the rank of major-generals in the regular army the honor would be worthily bestowed, and I would feel personally gratified. I would not like to see one of these promotions at this time without seeing both.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, may 13, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Near Spotsylvania Court-House:

GENERAL: Yours of 6.30 p. m. yesterday just received. We have already got under way at Belle Plain, in the rive and on the road, not less than 10,000 men, and I hope to add 3,000 or 4,000 more within the next two days. Before receiving your dispatch I had ordered General Robert O. Tyler to go down in command of these troops.

