
that depot has become excessively heavy, which will delay the trains and decrease the weight of loads. I would suggest that General Benham should be ordered to repair the roads from Belle Plain to the heights this side. He is said to have men in the vicinity. Should this army remain long in this neighborhood, we must have other routes for supplies. I have sent an officer to see if light-draught vessels cannot ascend the Rappahannock to Fredericksburg with supplies. two guns-boats should have arrived there yesterday. I have also directed an examination of the Aquia railroad.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier General, Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 13, 1864 - 8[a. m.]

General HUMPHREYS:

Twenty prisoners brought in this a. m. were taken partly on the enemy's skirmish line but mostly in its rear, asleep in houses. They only know that their line has fallen back; don't know where. Their rations were out last night and were to have been issued last evening; but neither to those who were on the skirmish line nor to those who were with or near the main body of the troops were any rations issued. The prisoners represent four divisions: Anderson's, Rhode's, Early's, and Wilcox's.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 13, 1864 - [6 p. m.]

GENERAL: Knight reports he left Tinder's Mill on Po River 1 1/2 miles Corbin's Bridge at 3 p. m. Saw a small squad of rebel cavalry (15 men) on this side of the river at the mill. They recrossed on seeing our party. On other side of the Po, one-half mile below mill, on a large clearing, were 75 to 100 cavalry horses grazing. No indications of other force. Not as much rebel cavalry up that way to-day as yesterday. Our men went 2 miles beyond, some of our cavalry picketing in that direction, and saw nothing except as above.

Respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &c.

MAY 13, 1864.

Colonel SHARPE:

I have followed the line of troops at Anderson's plantation. Came on to rebel cavalry 2 1/2 miles from Massaponax Creek. It consisted of two regiments. There is nothing at Hamilton's Crossing; the iron is all taken up from Fredericksburg to Hamilton's. The

