
track of the railroad near Walthul Junction. It was engaged in so doing for about an hour, tearing up some third of a mile of the track. An order was then received to march the regiment by the turnpike northerly. The extreme heat, together with the exertions the men had already made in destroying the railroad, rendered the march very severe. As the regiment advanced the rapid firing of artillery was heard growing more and more distinct, and indicating an engagement between the advanced force and the enemy. On reaching the road running westerly across the turnpike to the railroad, at Chester Station, the firing was very near, and chiefly on the westerly side of the turnpike. I was ordered by General Terry to move the regiment as quickly as possible down the road to the west of the turnpike, and to form line of battle to resist the enemy in that direction. I moved forward as fast as the exhausted condition of the men would permit, and at about half a mile from the turnpike entered a large open field on the left, and moved forward toward the Winfree house, beyond which the firing indicated the presence of the enemy. By order of Colonel Abbott commanding the brigade, i formed line of battle, with the right in rear and just beyond the house, the line extending back perpendicularly to the house along a slight garden fence. The enemy not appearing in force in front, and there being indications of his advance through the woods on the right, by order of Colonel Abbott I moved round the house and formed in line of battle in front of it, facing to the north. Being here exposed to a flank fire from a battery on the left, the regiment was moved on the road to the right and then to the rear, where the men were directed to lie down behind a slight elevation which afforded some protection from the artillery fire of the enemy. At this time Rockwell's Connecticut battery took position in the field, to my right and rear and opened fire into the woods in front and also to the left, firing over my regiment. In a few moments the enemy appeared advancing on my left, when, by order of Colonel Abbott, I returned to the position before described, along the line of the garden fence. Tearing down the fence, a slight shelter was formed from the material, behind which the map were made to lie down. Several small outbuildings also afforded concealment and shelter from the enemy. These disposition having been made, I awaited the approach of their enemy. For some 150 yards immediately in front of my line was a slight slope of cultivated ground. Next beyond, for several hundred yards, was a large space, considerably broken and thickly covered with stumps. Beyond was a thick wood, in front of which were the enemy's skirmishers engaged with our own. Our skirmishers drove those of the enemy back into the woods, whereupon a regiment of the enemy moved out of the woods, driving back our skirmishers and advancing to within about 500 yards of my line, protecting themselves somewhat by the inequalities of the ground and the stumps. They then delivered a tremendous volley, doing however, but trifling execution. The volley was promptly returned by my regiment, and followed up in a most spirited and determined manner, the men accompanying their volleys with cheers of defiance to the enemy. The enemy withstood the fire for a few moments and retired precipitately to the woods. Rockewell's battery, in my rear, continued all the while firing rapidly, and apparently with great execution, into the woods. Several regiments of the enemy were visible in the woods, one of which soon emerged and advanced

