
[MAY 13, 1864.-For Meade's orders communicating to his troops the congratulations of the Service of War, of May 12 (see p. 654), and congratulatory address of the commanding general to the soldiers of the Army of the Potomac, see Part I, p. 197.]

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

May 13, 1864.

CHIEFS OF ARTILLERY, SECOND, FIFTH, AND SIXTH CORPS:

In obedience to circular from headquarters Army of the Potomac, of this date, your empty artillery ammunition wagons will be reported to the medical directors of your corps for the transportation of the wounded. When relieved of the wounded, they will be directed to proceed to Belle Plain at once, and report to the chief ordnance officer at that place, to be loaded with artillery ammunition. You will immediately report to Colonel Burton the number of empty artillery ammunition wagons so sent, in order that he may have them properly loaded at Belle Plain, to meet your wants.

By command of General Hunt:

JNO. N. CRAIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

May 13, 1864.

Colonel H. S. BURTON,

Commanding Artillery Reserve:

Your empty ammunition wagons, after being discharged from the duty of transporting the wounded, for which they will report to the medical director Sixth Corps, at Alsop's, will proceed to Belle Plain, under direction of an officer to be detailed by you, to load with artillery ammunition.

I have ordered to Belle Plain 6,000 solid shot, 5,000 shrapnel, 1,800 solid shot (12-pounder), and a supply of 3-inch and 10-pounder ammunition and 12-pounder canister. It was ordered on two different days. Let your wagons, and those of the artillery ammunition trains of the corps which are ordered to report to Lieutenant Schaff, ordnance officer at Belle Plain, load up first with 12-pounder ammunition, as above, and 1,500 rounds 10-pounder Parrott (no canister is needed); then, if there is roon, load with 3-inch ammunition. We require all the above light 12-pounder ammunition and more, to complete our supply, some 14,000 rounds in all; so let all the 12-pounder, except canister, be brought up. Let all this be done under direction of your ordnance officer, or the officer you may detail. We are much in want of light 12-pounder ammunition, and no time should be lost in bringing it up. Let your train move in connection with some other train, properly escorted. I inclose a letter to Lieutenant Schaff, ordnance officer at Belle Plain. Issue from your train whatever the corps require to fill their chests. I have author-

