
command in the rifle-pits vacated by General Russell, repair the b ridges leading to the Brown house, and slash timber to his right to the swamp. General Barlow will open good communications with General Burnside's rear.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

WM. R. DRIVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to recommend that Colonel John R. Brooke, Fifty-Third Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding Fourth Brigade, of this division, and Colonel Nelson A. Miles, Sixty-first New York Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, of this division, be promoted to be brigadier-generals of volunteers. The distinguished services which both these officers have repeatedly rendered, and the previous strong recommendations for this promotion which they have received, are well know to the War Department.

I consider that the part this division took in the assault of yesterday, the importance of the success of which cannot be too strongly stated, entitles it to receive some signal reward in the way of promotions, and the two officers above named are unquestionably those upon whom the honors should fall, because in addition to the services rendered by them yesterday they have very strong previous claims. The brigades commanded by these two officers constituted the first line of columns, and Colonels Brooke and Miles charged with their men, and by their gallantry, skill, and confidence powerfully contributed to the success of the assault and the battle.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. FOURTH Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS,May 13, 1864.

Major J. HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that my brigade entered the works of the enemy, in which I counted sixteen pieces of artillery, and took an immense number of prisoners, among whom were Major-General Johnson and Brigadier-General Steuart. I also forward the reports of the regimental commanders who made the capture of colors and officers (generals). I also have the honor to forward the flag captured by the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. BROOKE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

