
MAY 13, 1864-7 a.m.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

The enemy have been strengthening their lines during the night, at the Court-House, and also show more men than last evening.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

MAY 13, 1864-7 a.m.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIFTH CORPS:

The enemy have gone from Hancock's and Wright's front. They are feeling toward him. It is reported to them that Lee has fallen back to another position about 2 miles to his rear. There is some force still in front of Burnside. The commanding general directs that you ascertain whether the enemy is still in your front, or if he has abandoned the works there also.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,May 13, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

The force of skirmishers I sent out on the road to Spotsylvania Court-House found a strong body apparently in the old place with two pieces of artillery in sight near the road, the same that take all my lines of advance on the flank and rear to my right of it. It is also reported that the enemy deployed skirmishers well out to their left of mile along the Po last evening. Last night they pressed the skirmish line I left in front of the point I have assaulted several times. A wounded man came in this morning who has been lying in front of our lines. This morning he says the enemy questioned very pressingly about what force we had here in front of them. Any small force on my left front would have to leave at once if an advance was made from the left of the army.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 13, 1864-7.40 a.m.

Major-General WARREN:

I have sent you two dispatches by officers. The enemy has left the front of Wright and Hancock, but is found to have some force opposite Burnside. Hancock and Wright are pushing forward some force to ascertain where he is. The commanding general desires you to do the same. As soon as it is ascertained where the enemy has taken up a new position the line of the army will be moved up to him.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

