
MAY 13, 1864-9 p.m.

Colonel WAINWRIGHT:

The object of your movement to-night is to get on the enemy's right flank and attack at dawn of day. As soon as the guide gets you on the road from Fredericksburg to Spotsylvania Court-House, you are to move toward the latter place, and can precede your column to where the infantry of the corps will be.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

MAY 13, 1864-9.30 p.m.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIFTH CORPS:

The major-general commanding directs, if the Ny should not be fordable at the ford near Landrum's, that the infantry should move along General Burnside's line. Headquarters will leave here at 3 a.m. to proceed to General Burnside's headquarters.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

MAY 13, 1864-11.45 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

The rear of my column is just off. I could not get it started till 10 p.m., though I worked my best. My artillery started early, but is now blocked on the road before reaching your headquarters. I have left a strong picket-line out, under Colonel Bates, Twelfth Massachusetts, who can be found at my old headquarters, and the orderly that brings this will stay and take any orders to him you wish, so that he can be ordered in with the pickets of General Wright. These pickets will be wanted a long time, for the roads are full of wagons going both ways and many of them stuck. I am afraid we do not get notice of things in time. My supplies did not get up in time to be issued, and now these wagons are greatly in the way. I'll do the best I can, but very difficult things are being attempted on these night movements over such roads.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

May 13, 1864-8.10 p.m.

This corps will move at once, in the following order: First, Griffin's division; second, Cutler's; third, Crawford's; fourth, Maryland Brigade; fifth, heavy artillerymen; sixth, Artillery Brigade. Troops to move left in front. Heads of columns will enter the road near where General Meade's headquarters were in this vicinity. Picket-lines to be left, and commanding officer of those of Cutler's and Crawford's divisions, and of the Maryland Brigade, will report to my headquarters at once in person. The officers will make every exertion to keep their men closed up regardless of the mud. Suc-

46 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT II

