
cess depends upon it, and the saving of much loss of life. The distance to be marched is 7 miles. No time will be taken to issue rations, and all wagons will be sent back.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

May 13, 1864-8.30 p.m.

Division commanders and commanders of Artillery Brigade and of heavy artillery will send word to these headquarters as soon as their commands are ready to march. There will be guides furnished from these headquarters to direct their columns in the road.

By command of Major-General Warren:

A. S. MARVIN, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-At the end of the march care will be taken that no fires are built.

A. S. MARVIN, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

May 13, 1864-9 p.m.

Our march to-night is designed to bring us opposite the enemy's extreme right, on the road from Fredericksburg to Spotsylvania Court-House, there to form for an assault before daylight behind the picket-lines of the Ninth Corps. The country is represented as very open in this vicinity, favoring a rapid advance. The enemy's force is believed to be light at this point, as at present it only opposes a picket-line. There are rifle-pits constructed, and the ground is favorable for the use of artillery, but its effect is expected to be light in the obscurity of early dawn, or it may not be in position. Any delay, therefore, that will prevent the attack being made later than 4 a.m. will much increase its difficulty. General Griffin will make his disposition for assault so as to be prepared to sustain either flank, as in the night no secure provision can be had for connection with General Burnside. General Cutler will be formed in close supporting distance to General Griffin. General Crawford close to him. Dispositions will be made immediately on arriving on the ground. Quiet will be preserved, and no fires built.

G. K. WARREN.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,May 13, 1864-12.15 a.m.

Brigadier-General GRIFFIN:

General Wright wishes me to say that he has no authority to detain you longer.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. W. HYDE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

