
fronting the work, when I was detached from the Second Brigade with orders to report to Major-General Smith, at the Half-Way House, on the turnpike. On the way thither I met General Smith, who ordered me to take a position in the woods in front of where I then was. I had hardly reached the position, when I was fired into from the rear by our own troops and had 1 officer and 3 men wounded. I then moved to a point near the Half-Way House, and was ordered by General Smith to take command of the Tenth New Hampshire Volunteers and a section of a battery, and hold the approach by the turnpike. Soon after by order of General Smith, the Tenth New Hampshire was withdrawn to the right, and, it being reported by the officer commanding the skirmish line that the enemy was forming a heavy line on my left, I reported the fact to General Terry, who very soon sent Colonel Plaisted, commanding the Third Brigade of his division, with two regiments to strengthen the position. I remained at the Half-Way House in the position which I first occupied until about 3 p.m., when I withdrew by order of General Terry on the turnpike, and thence retired within the intrenchments.

Of the conduct of my command, both officers and men, during this expedition, I desire to speak with more than the ordinary emphasis. Although the command was in almost constant service for five days, with unusual exposure, with short rations and much of the time under severe fire, I know of few, if any instances of orders which were not obeyed with cheerfulness and alacrity, and in all cases when exposed to the fire of the enemy the command behaved with the coolness and bravery becoming soldiers.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH C. ABBOTT,

Colonel Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers.

Lieutenant E. LEWIS MOORE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 23. Reports of Colonel Harris M. Plaisted, Eleventh Maine Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations May 7-10.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 10TH ARMY CORPS, Bermuda Hundred, Va., May 9, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the part taken by my brigade in the affair of the 7th upon the Petersburg and Richmond Railroad:

On the morning of the 7th instant, in obedience to orders, I reported with my command, Third Brigade, Terry's division, to Major-General Smith, commanding Eighteenth Army Corps, and was assigned for the day to General Brooks' command. The column took up the line of march in the direction of the junction of the pike and Petersburg railroad, General Burnham's brigade having the advance. Having advanced a short distance beyond our picket-line, the advance brigade feeling the enemy, was deployed, and my brigade was deployed in its rear, forming a second line. In this order the enemy was pushed back toward the railroad and pike, not without a stout resistance, until General Brooks had secured the commanding

