
MAY 13, 1864-9.10 p.m.

General BURNSIDE,

Ninth Army Corps:

The two corps moving to the left march by the road cut out immediately to the rear of Hancock's and your corps. The roads are so bad that I fear they will find difficulty in moving the artillery, and therefore will want your reserve, or such as you do not require in your line. The only instructions I now have is for you to keep up a threatening attitude, ready to attack if the enemy weakens in your front, or to re-enforce Warren or Wright, if necessary. My aides will be sent in the morning to the left, and, if there are any further instructions then, I will send them.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

MAY 13, 1864.

General BURNSIDE:

I wish to have direction about the caissons and battery wagons and forges belonging to artillery of Ninth Corps. Caissons are empty, also no forage and rations on hand. Have left all wagons at Fifth Corps hospital.

ROEMER,

Captain, Thirty-fourth New York Battery.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 22. Near Spotsylvania Court-House, Va., May 13, 1864.

1. Brigadier General James H. Ledlie, U. S. Volunteers, will report to Major General A. E. Burnside, commanding Ninth Army Corps, for orders.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,

Near Spotsylvania Court-House, May 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General FERRERO,

Commanding Fourth Division, Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The enemy have crossed the Ny to the right of our line in considerable force, and may possible detach a force to move on Fredericksburg. Keep your cavalry pickets well out on the plank road and all other roads leading west and south of you. If you find the enemy moving infantry and artillery toward you report it promptly. In that case take up strong position and detain him all you can, turning all trains back to Fredericksburg, and whatever falling back you may be forced to do, do in that direction. I do not think the enemy will detach in that direction, but give you this warning in time in case they should. Require all trains coming to the front to come by the Massaponax Church road.

Very respectfully,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

