
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, May 13, 1864-6.40 p.m.

Major-General BUTLER,

In the Field:

Lee abandoned his works last night and retreated. Grant is pursuing. There has been thirty-six hours' hard rain, and the roads are heavy. At last account Hancock had come up to his rear guard.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

MAY 13, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding:

GENERAL: The captain of Winants report that two docks opposite Wind-Mill Point, on east side of river, and one at Harrison's Bar, were burned yesterday or last night, and that a rebel signal station is in operation near Swan's Point, south side.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. O'BRIEN.

BERMUDA HUNDRED, VA.,

May 13, 1864-5 p.m.

Major DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: In accordance with orders from General Halleck, I have the honor to report with my regiment, the First Connecticut Artillery, about 1,700 strong, with 100 horses and seven wagons (ten more on the way). I have a siege train afloat at Washington Arsenal, and was told by General Halleck that "it might be ordered here (part of it) if General Butler desired it; or better, that siege guns might be brought from Fortress Monroe." As there are several guns of this class now landed here, I presume they are designed for my regiment, which has been designated by order of General Grant to take charge of the heavy artillery for the siege of Richmond. I respectfully request orders as to point of debarkation, &amp;c. I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, May 13, 1864.

(Received 4 a.m. 14th.)

Colonel HENRY L. ABBOT,

Commanding First Connecticut Artillery:

You will march at once, and report to the officer in command of entrenchments on the line, at the center thereof, so as to reach that line by daylight to-morrow morning. This order must be promptly complied with. No waiting for teams or horses will excuse delay.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

