
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, May 14, 1864-2 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Headquarters in the Field

(Care of Captain Collins, to be forwarded immediately in duplicate by different couriers):

Your note of yesterday has just reached me, the courier having come on the Washington. General Wright was nominated two days ago, and confirmed by the Senate for major-general. General Humphreys, General Schofield, General Wilson, and all before the Senate have been confirmed, except General Carr, whose nomination was not acted upon. There is at present no vacancy for a major-generalship, but I will muster out some one for Gibbon. The brigadiers in volunteer service you name shall be appointed. If there be any vacancies in regular army for brigadier, Hancock shall have it. There is one

regular major-generalship vacant, but brevets can be given without limit. Dodge has been designated for some time for the first vacant major-generalship in the volunteers. Buell objects to serving under Canby. Wright will be assigned to Sixth Corps. Your recommendations in favor of Meade and Sherman will be carried out. We have heard nothing from Sherman for three days, nor from Butler. Sigel is at Woodstock; reports Breckinridge at Staunton on the 10th of May, and that a portion of his force was in Sigel's front. Crook had not been heard from since the 6th of this month, and was then at Princeton.

EDWIN M. STANTON.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Spotsylvania, May 14, 1864-7.10 a. m.

(Received 9.20 a.m. 17th).

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.

The very heavy rains of the last forty-eight hours have made it almost impossible to move trains or artillery. Two corps were moved last night, in the night, from our right to the left, with orders to attack at 4 a.m., but owing to the difficulties of the road have not fully got into position. This with the continued bad weather may only from 100 to 150 prisoners falling into our hands without, or almost without, loss on our side.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 14, 1864-9.12 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Army of the Potomac:

Dispatch for General Butler sent forward. Telegram from Sherman to-day near Resaca, saying that he had turned the enemy's position and forced him to evacuate Dalton. Re-enforcements mentioned in my letter of last night will not all reach Belle Plain before Tuesday, for want of transportation.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

