
danger of being flanked. I retired in echelon by half battalions. Having recrossed the pike I moved up a ravine, concealing the movement from the enemy. A portion of Barton's brigade being roughly pressed back across the pike by the enemy advancing, I moved two of my regiment into the open field and formed line of battle in his rear in plain view of the enemy. This demonstration checked the enemy's advance. Reporting to General Brooks upon the height, he directed that the two regiments thus formed should remain as posted and be ready to advance, if necessary, to extricate Barton. At the same time Burnham's brigade was pushed forward upon the left of my two regiments. The enemy making no farther advance. I was directed by General Brooks about sunset to take the advance and return to camp, carrying with me every wounded man, every musket, and every part of a musket belonging to my command. The brigade was reformed upon the hill and marched to camp, and so far as I am aware, without a single straggler. The loss in the brigade was wholly confined to the One hundredth New York Volunteers, that regiment having done all the fighting and most gallantly, while my two remaining regiments were at work destroying the railroad and telegraph lines. The loss in the One hundredth was 2 killed, 16 wounded (including 2 commissioned officers), and 19 missing. A list of the killed, wounded, and missing is inclosed.*

I cannot close my report without make special mention of Colonel Dandy and the One hundredth New York Volunteers, whose unflinching courage and dash enabled the brigade to accomplish the object of the expedition. To him and to Colonels Osborn and Otis, for their prompt execution of every order, I am entirely indebted for the success. Lieutenant-Colonel Stevenson, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, with one wing of his regiment, did good service in securing our rear and flank. Upon retiring he destroyed a large saw-mill and an immense quantity of lumber, which he caused to be fired. The fourth regiment of my brigade (the Eleventh Maine Volunteers), being on picket, did not accompany the expedition.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. PLAISTED,

Colonel Eleventh Maine Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Major N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS, Bermuda Hundred, Va., May 11, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to Special Orders, No. 3, paragraph III, from corps headquarters, I assumed command of the intrenchments and troops therein on the morning of the 9th instant.

Immediately upon taking the command I assigned Colonels Dandy, Barton, and Drake to the command of all the forces remaining behind of their respective divisions, and gave to each his part of the

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.13.

---------------

