HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 14, 1864-6.45 p. m.

General MEADE:

GENERAL: The enemy's cavalry have appeared at my hospital, near the cross-roads in rear of the Brown house, driving in the guard there. I sent a regiment back to clear them out and a brigade to occupy the old rifle-pits to the right of the Brown house, as a support to the right and to protect the men.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 14, 1864-7.40 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

You must look out for your night; nothing done here to-day; men too rifted; Upton was driven from an advanced post this afternoon, but Ayres promptly retook it. Send works to Mrs. Armstrong, at our late headquarters, that their son has telegraphed, Mr. A. has left Wilmington for home.

MEADE.

MAY 14, 1864-8.25 p. m.

Major General G. G. MEADE,

Army of the Potomac, Va.:

I have sent the information to Mrs. Armstrong. My right I am anxious about as a road passes the Ny to my rear inconveniently near. Still it is as strong as twenty-four pieces of artillery, supported by infantry, can make it. I have had rifle-pits, constructed and trust to Providence. My line is too long, but I can't shorten it unless Burnside relieves my two left brigades by his two in reserve. Then I would be right for I could send Barlow's division to my right.

Your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 14, 1864.

Major-General HANCOCK:

Directions are given to remove all the wounded from the hospitals to the rear, and Dr. McParlin assures me it will be completed to-night. If the regiment can remain there to-night and join you in the morning without any great risk, the commanding general thinks it better that it should remain until then.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]

The Twelfth New Jersey can remain until 3 a. m., then march to its division promptly. If cut off by the enemy, let it cross the Ny and proceed toward the road followed by the Sixth Corps to-day. It is believed there will be no difficulty if it comes in promptly at 3 a. m.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

