
right, for this support, while his front line can be rearranged. The Third Division will relieve itself by marching to the left along the rifle-pits from the extreme right. When General Burnside's lines are rearranged the pickets can be withdrawn in the same manner as the troops, but General Birney will consult with General Burnside to find out the position he is to assume before deserting the rifle-pits. The command of General Birney on the right of the swamp should, as soon as relieved, take position in the place vacated by General Barlow in the rifle-pits, so as not to endanger his left flank while retiring the troops on the right. The batteries of General Birney's division (two) will accompany his command. The other will form part of the reserve.

By command of Major-General Hancock.

WM. R. DRIVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 14, 1864-12 m.

The Second Division will move at 4 a. m., following the route of the Sixth Corps to-day. At 3 a. m. artillery now in position on the right will be withdrawn, and the brigades of the brigades of the Third, now in position on the right, will be moved on to relieve the troops of the First Division now in the rifle-pits. The First Division will follow immediately after the Second. As soon as the First Division has cleared the road, the Third Division will commence moving by the left flank along the rifle-pits, passing and forming in rear of General Burnside's command. The pickets will be withdrawn from the right, as the movements progresses, taking post in the rifle-pits as withdrawn. The pickets of the First Division will remain on until General Berney directs them to be relieved. The Artillery will all move by the route of the First and Second Division. All artillery, except such as is considered by General Birney necessary for the holding of his, will precede the infantry, and must cross the Ny before 4 o'clock. Chief of artillery can obtain a guide from these headquarters. The route by which General Birney moves is hardly practicable for artillery, and the artillery detained by General Birney should be sent on the other road. The ammunition wagons now with the troops will follow the division.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

WM. R. DRIVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 14, 1864-11 p. m.

The empty wagons all being in use for sending the sick to the rear, the arms collected on the field will be destroyed or buried to-night, as the command moves in the morning. The guns captured in the late fight will be carried in the wagons of Captain McEntee, assistant quartermaster, if the chief of artillery does not provide transportation for them to the rear. The caissons and limbers will be destroyed.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

W. G. MITCHELL,

Major and Aide-de-Campt.

