
CHIEF QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., May 14, 1864.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM,

Commanding Engineer Brigade, near Navy-Yard:

SIR: In reply to your letter requesting transportation to Belle Plain for your teams, &amp;c., you are respectfully informed that it will be in readiness at Sixth-street wharf by 12 m. this day. It will be necessary that you use the barges you have on the eastern Branch on which to load your wagons, as owing to the great demand for transportation of troops and supplies, it is impossible to furnish others. Please send your quartermaster to Captain Allen, assistant quartermaster, to make the preliminary arrangements for loading your train, &c. It is important that you upon arrival and turned over to the quartermaster at that point, to be used in bringing up wounded men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. H. BUCKER,

Brigadier-General and Quartermaster.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,Washington, D. C., May 14, 1864.

Brigadier General R. O. TYLER,

U. S. Volunteers:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you proceed with your staff to Belle Plain without delay; arrived at that point you will take command of all troops there en route to the Army of the Potomac, organize them into brigades, and move to the front with them as speedily as possible. All troops arriving during your stay at Belle Plain, under orders for the front you will consider as belonging to your command. Inform Brigadier-General Abercrombie of your instructions.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,Washington, D. C., May 14, 1864.

Colonel MURPHY,

Commanding Irish Legion, Alexandria:

COLONEL: Transportation has been provided at Alexandria for your command. Apply to the quartermaster at that post to ascertain at what wharf it lies, and embark without delay. On arriving at Belle Plain report for orders to Brigadier-General Abercrombie.

Report by telegraph when you are ready to sail.

Respectfully,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

