
[Inclosure No. 1.]

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,

Within the Intrenchments, May 9, 1864-5 a.m.

I. Colonels Dandy, Barton, and Drake, commanding brigades, will assume command of all the troop of their respective division remaining behind. They will immediately sent to these headquarters a report of each regiment in their command, stating the number of men in each regiment fit for duty in the trenches in case of an attack, cooks, teamsters, musicians, guards, and every man capable of an hour's duty in an emergency will be required to fall in. These fragments of regiments will be organized with a suitable number of officers.

II. Captain Elder, Battery B, First U. S. Artillery, will take command of all the artillery remaining behind, placing in position on the intrenchments immediately at least three batteries, and assigning the reserve to their position.

III. No bands, drum corps, or bugles will be allowed to play or sound the calls, except in case of an alarm, until further orders. The discharge of fire-arms under any circumstances excepting as signal of alarm is forbidden. Any officer or soldier offending in these particulars will be immediately arrested.

IV. The work upon the intrenchments will be pushed forward with the greatest dispatch. The commanding officers above named will be held responsible for the careful observance of this order.

By order of H. M. Plaisted, colonel Eleventh Maine Volunteers, commanding:

CHAS. B. AMORY,

Captain Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Vols., A. A. A. G.

(Copy to Colonels Dandy, Barton, Drake, and the commanding officers of all the batteries.)

[Inclosure No. 2.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Within the Intrenchments,May 9, 1864-8 p.m.

COLONEL: I have intelligence from the front that Howell has been driven back by the enemy in force. You will therefore make every exertion to make your front secure. Your regiment will be in readiness to man the rifle-pits at a minute's notice.

The main roads in your front will be guarded at a short distance from your front by a small picket, which will discover the character of every one passing. The utmost vigilance will be exercised,as well as exertion. The camps and fatigue parties must be silent as possible. All the forces will stand to arms at 3.30 a.m. The artillery officers will be notified to be on the alert. Every man must do his duty; his very best.

Very respectfully,

H. M. PLAISTED,

Colonel Eleventh Maine Volunteers, Commanding.

(Copy to Colonels Dandy, Barton, and Drake.)

