
since. General Sheridan has decided to remain on the other side of the river, and will go out to see you in the morning. He has everything that he requires. I sent his dispatches before dark to be telegraphed to Washington from Jamestown Island. I also notified Colonel Biggs of their arrival. General S. has from 200 to 300 wounded and about the same number of prisoners, who go to Fortress Monroe in the morning. He has also about 300 released Union soldiers, who were captured by the rebels and retaken by the cavalry at Beaver Dam on their way to Richmond. I will send them forward to join their commands.

General S. has thrashed Stuart's cavalry soundly in two engagements, and the latter is mortally wounded and reported dead. General S. has cut the Richmond and Fredericksburg Railroad in several places; destroyed large quantities of supplies at Beaver Dam; blown up locomotives, cars, ammunition, and, in short, has raised the devil generally. He has been inside that rebel out-works before Richmond, and, with his, dismounted men, driven the infantry into their fortifications, and at the same time thrashed Stuart, who was in his rear, while the rebels thought they had Sheridan, in a tight place. He spent one night, within 3 miles of Richmond, and last night at Bottom's Bridge, and marched leisurely here without opposition. I send you the Times of yesterday containing glorious news. Things look bright and we see daylight in the distance. I have sent an officer with your dispatch to me to General Sheridan, and will telegraph you if he advances on Chaffin's farm to-night.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. E. FULLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH CORPS,May 14, 1864-4 a. m.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: All has been comparatively quiet during the night. I succeeded in driving the enemy back from my left and rear after Colonel K[ense] and Captain M. left last night. The caissons supposed to have been captured are all sage, having arrived. I sent one company to Chester Station, last night to aid in getting up provisions and ammunition. I shall attack the enemy at daylight.

Very respectfully,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

MAY 14, 1864-11.30 a. m.

General GILLMORE:

Send out Onderdonk's cavalry as far out to the left and front as he can demonstrate to watch what is coming or can be found in the direction of Richmond. Tell him to report frequently.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

