HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, May 14, 1864-8.25 p. m.

Brigadier-General TURNER,

Commanding Division:

The major-general commanding directs that you immediately throw up a temporary breast-work in front of your lines to protect your command in case of an attack, and erect such other defenses as you may deem necessary.

By command of Major-General Gillmore:

ISRAEL R. SEALY,

Captain 47th New York Vols. Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 10TH ARMY CORPS,May 14, 1864-5.17 p. m.

Brigadier-General TURNER,

Commanding Second Division, Tenth Army Corps:

I have advanced my skirmishers into the open field, and have sent in four companies each regiment to support them. The two regiments on the second line are ordered to be ready to move forward at a moment's notice.

Respectfully,

W. B. BARTON,

Colonel, &amp;c.

P. S.- I shall lose heavily unless the other portions of the line advance.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, May 14, 1864-12.30 p. m.

General MARSTON:

I sent you Captain Reynolds with another company of cavalry. We fear the enemy is attempting to turn our left. I want you to feel well out on the road you came in on yesterday with this cavalry force, supporting them with infantry, if you think proper. Send men well to the right so as to see that they have near the railroad, and connect, if possible, with Onderdonk himself, who has been sent up the railroad. The enemy have aline of works across railroad in our front, and the idea is to turn them by our left.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

MAY 14, 1864.

Major-General GILLMORE:

I sent the two companies of cavalry beyond Chester Court-House to the junction of that road with, the great highway leading to Richmond. Nothing was discovered except a small picket at that point. The rear of Beauregard's force passed that point at 2 this morning. I also sent a platoon of cavalry 2 miles on the wood road. They have not yet returned. I can find no indications of the enemy on

