
six guns. Pickett himself made minute inquiries of a contraband whether or not we had lost many men by their shells on Monday on the reconnaissance; and made the mark in the hearing of a contraband that he should no attack the Yankees, but had only come down to gratify the feelings of the people of Petersburg, who were very much excited and alarmed. After remaining in position for about half an hour in my front, Pickett fell back rapidly about dark across Cedar Level. During the day of reconnaissance I was at Fort Powhatan. The enemy did not expose himself at any point to my line of pickets.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDW. W. HINKS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Half-Way House, May 14, 1864.

Brigadier General E. W. HINKS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: You are authorized to make the change in the troops indicated. Fort Powhatan is a very important position. Require from my ordnance officer what early guns you may need for Fort Powhatan, but get them here soon. I cannot at present spare the colored calvary, but will as soon as Kautz gets through.

By command of Major-General Butler:

H. C. CLARKE,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

FORT MONROE, May 14, 1864.

Lieutenant H. T. SCHROEDER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Guerrillas are at work on our line from Williamsburg to Jamestown Island. Two parties which went out to repair the telegraph were fired at, and returned without repairing it. General Carr has sent out a force probably sufficient to accomplish it now. I am afraid the guerrillas may go to Jamestown Island and capture our operators there, and possibly a steamer, if there should be one at the landing. Would it not be well to send up the river from here and look after them?

Respectfully,

GEO. D. SHELDON,

Manager.

FLAG-SHIP MALVERN,

Near Bermuda Hundred, may 14, 1864-3 p.m.

(Received 1.30 a. m. 15th.)

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

The Cavalry Corps of Major-General Sheridan, of the Potomac Army has just arrived at Turkey Island, left bank. They left with

