HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 15, 1864-4.40 p. m.

General MOTT,

Third Brigade:

GENERAL: You will at once take all measures to shorten and strengthen the lines of the division from Landrum's house to the right of the Ninth Corps, by using the pioneers. All stragglers should be got up at once, and to this end each, brigade commander should send an officer to the rear and through the woods to collect all stragglers and return them to duty.

By command of Major-General Birney:

F. BIRNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,May 15, 1864-5.30 a. m.

Major-General BIRNEY,

Commanding Third Division, Second Corps:

GENERAL: As the Ny will separate you and Burnside if you go to the hill on this side of the Ny, you had probably better follow the entrenchments, and go in behind General Burnside, which will more certainly agree with the orders. Consult General Burnside as soon as possible. I am massed here sufficiently near to cover this road.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,May 15, 1864-6.15 a. m.

Major-General BIRNEY:

GENERAL: It is the intention of the general commanding that your pickets be withdrawn entirely as you move to the left, leaving them out only long enough to cover you flank.

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,May 15, 1864-11.30 a. m.

Major General D. B. BIRNEY,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: Major-General Hancock directs me to say that his troops are massed here (Harrison's house) expecting to move to the front. If you are threatened you must communicate with General Burnside, who is responsible for the right. The general would suggest that you feel the skirmishers in your front and see what there is behind them. If the enemy have any considerable force on the right it should be known; if the enemy are attempting to pass to your right, the general thinks that your picket-line should be drawn back so that the right may rest on the river. The position of the regiments at the Brown house the general regards as critical, if the enemy are near you in force, and he thinks a picket-line would answer the same purpose.

50 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT II

