
necessity for exertion and vigilance far beyond what is required by the mere letter of duty. All that can be given of mental or bodily effort is now required of each of you to make good the sacrifices you have already made. The endurance you have when upon the march, your gallant bearing, by day and night, attacking or attacked, your heroism on the field, and the soldierly renown you have won, will all have been in vain unless you add the crowning work of final victory. You owe it to your country and yourselves, to your good name as soldiers, to your honor as men, and to the reputation of this army to complete work you have begun; you owe it to the memory of the dead, to the noble and beloved leader who fell in your front rank, and to the thousands, of your comrades whose freshly made grave mark onward course from the Rapidan. Let each one exert himself, as if the final result depended upon his individual efforts. Remember that indifference at this time to anything that may advance the general good is criminal. The general commanding the corps expects that in coming operations every man of his command will rise to a full appreciation of the terrible importance of the contest in which he is engaged, and will prove by his conduct that he is not unworthy to take a part in the great struggle that is to establish forever the power and integrity of the nation.

By command of Major-General Wright:

M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

THIRD DIVISION HOSPITAL, SIXTH CORPS,

May 15, 1864.

Captain KING,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Sixth Corps:

SIR: Last evening a colored man by the name of Solom Baker, a free man, dressed in the uniform usually worn by rebel soldiers, came into our lines, and he states to me that he has been for the past year a servant to Major Hamilton, of the First South Carolina Regiment. This man seems unusually intelligent, and, from his statements, could give to the major-general commanding some useful and perhaps valuable information. He states that Colonel McCreary, First South Carolina Regiment, was wounded on Friday last, and Lieutenant-Colonel Shooter, some regiment, was killed on the same day. General Longstreet was wounded through his left side on yesterday week, and has gone to Richmond. General Lee was with his troops on Friday, as he says he saw him. According to his statements a major-general of our army was mortally wounded and died (in Confederate hospital) on the second day's fight. I judge from his account that it must have been General Wadsworth, and the body was taken to Orange Court-House and his uniform was to be sent to New York, as General Lee stated that the deceased was a classmate of his. The rebel General Jenkins was killed in the same charge in which General Wadsworth was wounded. The Virginia Central Railroad is cut, and the Confederate army is supplied with provisions procured from Hanover Junction. He also states that some 5 miles of railroad is torn up and destroyed this side of Hanover. He states that the rebel army is rather short of provisions. He states also that on yesterday the rebels were apprehensive of an

