
General Tyler arrived 2.30 p. m. to assume command of all troops ordered to the front. Wounded still coming in, and shipped as fast as facilities, which are limited, will allow. A rebel brigade of cavalry reported from army headquarters on Hancock's right. I have strong infantry and cavalry posts as far as Fredericksburg. Secretary and Assistant Secretary of Navy arrived here at 3 p. m. and left at 4, Colonel Hoffman with them. The engineers are repairing the road, and Potomac Creek Bridge commenced. Troops sent forward, 6,000; detained for defense of post, guarding 7,078 rebel prisoners, assisting wounded, furnihsing details for quartermaster's department, assisting telegraph operators, and many other indispensable duties 2,220 infantry, 1,000 of whom are raw recruits and straggling detachments from Camp Distribution. Two hundred and twenty-two cavalry for messengers, picket, &amp;c., and one battery of artillery, eight 12-pounders, 150 men.

Yours, very respectfully,

J. J. ABECROMBIE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Belle Plain, May 15, 1864.

General AUGUR:

I beg leave respectfully to state it is indispensably necessary a small depot should be established here to supply the wants of the troops, &c., at this station and on their way to the front. Captain Clark is in charge of the forage; Captain Jones, land transportation; Captain Pitkin has more than he can properly attend to superintending transports. The services of Captain Lacey are very much required as post quartermaster, and for that purpose I have sent the captain to obtain the stores required.

Very respectfully, &c.,

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BELLE PLAIN, May 15, 1864.

(Received 7.45 a. m.)

Hon E. M. STANTON:

SIR: I have the honor to report, in obedience to your telegram just received, that I left Washington at 7 p.m. on the 12th instant, being necessarily delayed till this hour by an accident to boat in which I was to go at the moment of starting. I arrived at Belle Plain at 7 a. m. 13th instant by gun-boat Leslie; reported to Colonel Hoffman at 9 a. m. 13th instant, not being able to find him sooner. I delivered the papers put in my charge. I saw Mr. Bickford this 8 a. m., not being able to find him until this time. I am quartermaster's wharf. Have informed all the principal officer at this post of the duties with which I am intrusted, and where I could be found. I have made arrangements with the quartermaster here for the use of a tug at any time I may need it. i am dependent upon General Abercrombie for messengers to Lieutenant-General Grant's headquarters. All dispatches for Lieutenant-General are

