
about an hour and a half, and was then withdrawn, by order of Colonel Plaisted, under a scattering fire of musketry. The regiment was then ordered back to the cross-roads and again formed on the Chester road to cover the retiring column from attack in that direction, the Thirty-ninth Illinois holding the turnpike toward Petersburg. Remaining in this position until the rear of the infantry column had passed, we resumed our march, forming the rear guard thence to our picket-line. We reached our camp inside the intrenchments at 8 p.m.

During the entire movement the conduct of the officers and men of the regiment was unexceptionable. The men behaved with unflinching courage and steadiness, while the zeal, courage, and ability with which the officers performed their duty in every emergency could not be exceeded. Our entire loss in the four days' campaign was: Killed, 6; wounded, 30.

Inclosed you will find the official list.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. OTIS,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain CHARLES B. AMORY,

A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 10th Army Corps.

No. 25. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Winslow P. Spofford, Eleventh Maine Infantry, of operations May 9-16.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH MAINE VOLUNTEERS, Near Bermuda Hundred, Va., May 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the doings of my command during the late movement as follows:

In obedience to orders from headquarters Tenth Army Corps, I reported with my regiment to Colonel Howell, commanding First Brigade, on the morning of the 9th, at 4 a.m., and at 7 o'clock took up the line of march for the railroad at Chester, arriving there about 11 a.m. After a short stop at this point I was ordered with my command to return by the same route to the church near Ware Bottom, acting as rear guard during the march. At this point I was stationed as a reserve for the outer pickets, remaining during the night and all of the next day, the 10th, a portion of my command being stationed on the road leading to the turnpike, about one-third of a mile to the left of the church, as a support for a section of the --- New Jersey Battery. I have no casualties to report. Some of my men were seriously affected by the excessive head and rapid march on the return from the railroad to the church. About dark on the 10th I was ordered to the camp within the fortifications.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,W. P. SPOFFORD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.13.

---------------

