
transmitted through General Abercrombie. I will report as per instructions every four hours, noting everything of importance that transpires at this post. I have requested General Abercrombie to The Diamond has just left for Pope's Creek this 12.15 a. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. D. COLLINS,

Captain, V. R. C., in charge Mil. Tel. Belle Plain.

BELLE PLAIN, May 15, 1864- 8 a. m.

(Received 11.20 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to report that no dispatches have been received from Lieutenant-General; no courier arrived from front since 4 p. m. yesterday. Steamer Pentz arrived here at 6 a. m. loaded with horses, mules, and wagons. Nothing else of importance has transpired. Diamond has just arrived from Pope's Creek.

Very respectfully,

A. D. COLLINS,

Captain, Veteran Reserve Corps.

BELLE PLAIN, May 15, 1864- 1 p. m.

(Received 4 p. m.)

SIR: I have the honor to report the non-arrival of dispatches from Lieutenant-General Grant's headquarters. Sent Diamond to Pope's Creek with dispatches at 9.20 a. m. Will have direct communication by wire with your headquarters to-morrow night, if not delayed by some unforeseen accident. Have a fatigue party of 30 men putting up poles from this point on the river about 6 miles where wire crosses river from Maryland shore. Captain L. N. Smith, commissary of subsistence, reports that he has answered all estimates for subsistence stores that have been presented, and has stores and facilities of to fill future estimates. Steamer Pentz has just left for Washington wright 3 U. S. officers ad 30 U. S. soldiers wounded, and 42 sick and wounded rebels. I send dispatches per tug Young America at 1.15 p. m.

Very respectfully,

A. D. COLLINS,

Captain, Veteran Reserve Corps.

NEAR SPOTSYLVANIA COURT-HOUSE,

May 15, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Fredericksburg, Va.:

The rebel cavalry under Wade Hampton being now in our right rear in the neighborhood of Old Wilderness Tavern, and having no cavalry here to send out to meet it, you will picket with the cavalry

