
BALTIMORE, MD., May 15, 1864-8.30 p. m.

(Received 9.15 p. m.)

Hon EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Eighth New York Artillery went forward to-day. The One hundred and forty-fourth, One hundred and forty-ninth, and Seventh Ohio Militia have arrived. If you can let me retain the latter, can send to the front a veteran Maryland regiment of infantry.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, May 15, 1864-9 p. m.

Major-General WALLACE,

Baltimore, Md.:

The Secretary of War directs that you will immediately send froward to this place, for embarkation to the Army of the Potomac, the following troops: The Purnell Legion-cavalry and infantry; the Third Delaware Volunteer Infantry; the First Delaware Cavalry, and the Ninety-fourth New York Veteran Volunteers. Colonel Root will remain in command at Annapolis, Md. The place of these troops will be supplied, so far as you may deem necessary, by Ohio militia. In the mean time General Morris' artillery will take their places. The troops here ordered should move promptly. Brigadier-General Lockwood will accompany them, with orders to report to General Grant. They should have five days' provisions and 150 rounds of ammunition. A prompt execution of this order is expected.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

MAY 15, 1864.

Colonel ROOT,

Commanding Officer at Annapolis:

Prepare the Ninety-fourth New York Veteran Infantry to move at once, whether other troops are furnished you or not. Orders will be given you when and where to send them. You will remain at Annapolis.

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHAMBERSBURG, PA., May 15, 1864.

Major VINCENT:

The Twenty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Cavalry will leave Chambersburg for Washington at 6 a. m. 16th instant. The One hundred and eighty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers is scattered throughout the department, on duty at the different draft rendezvous and district provost-marshal's headquarters and coal regions. Have ordered all to concentrate at Harrisburg. I have no troops to replace those at draft rendezvous. Will await instructions in regard to them.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

