
MAY 15, 1864.

General GILLMORE,

Commanding Tenth Corps:

GENERAL: All is right here. I have just received orders from General Terry to picket the left, communicating with Salem Church. Two troops of my regimen are now stationed at the latter place.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. ONDERDONK,

Colonel, Commanding Mounted Rifles.

MAY 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General BROOKS:

GENERAL: Major-General Smith desires you to leave one regiment of your second line near the turnpike and to send the colonels of the others regiments of the second line to report to me at once.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEEP BOTTOM, JAMES RIVER, May 15, 1864-12 m.

(Via Fort Monroe, 1 p. m. 16th. Received 1.30 p. m.)

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

Major-General Butler, who I hear is attacking Fort Drewry, informs me that the rebels are removing their obstructions above Drewry's Bluff. Rebel flag-of-truce officer told Lamson yesterday afternoon the rebel iron-clads, well fitted for ramming, would be down in a few days. Three iron-clads here, and Canonicus coming from Turkey Island Bend. Command in fine spirits.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

FLAG-SHIP AGAWAM, DEEP BOTTOM,

May 15, 1864-10 a. m.

General BUTLER:

Your telegram received. Flag-of-Truce Officer Morris, from Richmond, told Lieutenant Lamson, Navy, their iron-clads will be down in a few days with great ramming power. Shall be ready for them. We find many torpedoes here. We want to follow up the torpedoes by the wires, so don't break them if you can explode them. Richmond extra of 2.40 p. m. Saturday: General Grant fought them a great battle on Thursday last. Never before such vim and bravery on our part. We captured prisoners and artillery from them, and had the most killed and wounded,as they were behind breast-works and we fought in the open field. This is their account. They only claim 2,000 of our wounded, captured at the Wilderness; no other prisoners and artillery. They say our men bayoneted them behind their breast-works. I think they have lost largely in prisoners. It was great fighting on the part of our army. They say General Grant is intrenched before them and will not fall back. No fighting Friday. We are working up the river hard.

Yours, truly,

S. P. LEE.

