
most solid intellect, but as he has before won less distinction than the others, he should be pt at the foot of the list. I you would write a letter to the Secretary of War urging these promotions I think they would be made. I do not wish to see these vacancies left so long unfilled, lest outside political influences may cause the President to fill them by the promotion of persons totally unworthy. I know that influences have been exerted in favor of a man utterly unfit to yod any commission in the army. After your splendid victories almost anything you ask for will be granted. The case may be different if you should meet with reverses. I therefore ask that, if you concur with me in the recommendation, you will urge them ow. I think you would fully appreciate the importance of doing so, if I were at liberty to tell you who is a candidate for one of the vacancies.

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Near Spotsylvania Court-House, Va., May 16, 1864-4.45 p. m.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: You will send to Belle Plain early to-morrow morning all your Reserve Artillery and the ammunition belonging to it, trains, &amp;c.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Your note requiring the Artillery Reserve of this army to go to Belle Plains has been received. Do you intend to include the six batteries of Horse Artillery which are the reserve of the Cavalry Corps artillery? There are now six batteries with the cavalry, but it has been the practice hitherto to exchange them, thus giving the horses rest and increasing their efficiency. Please let me know as soon as convenient.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 16, 1864-3.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding:

I have ordered Gibbon to move out to the right far enough to withdraw our hospitals, uncovered yesterday by Hancock's withdrawal.

