
I hear some firing in that direction, which is probably his. He was instructed to move with caution, and if the enemy was found in heavy force to withdraw.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 16, 1864-4 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The medical director of this army reports an accumulation at Fredericksburg of over 6,000 wounded, for whom some provision must be made, as the condition of the road to Belle Plain renders it out of the question to transport them there as originally designed. General hospitals must be established unless there is some probability of the navigation of the Rappahannock being opened, in which case they could be carried away. If the army should be detained any time in this vicinity it might be well to put in order the Fredericksburg railroad, to do which to Hamilton's Crossing will taken per estimate of chief quartermaster, from ten to twelve days. If the enemy dispute the passage of the Pamunkey or either of the Annas this road would be useful.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

MAY 16, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Asst. Adjutant-General, Armies of the United States:

I have the honor to request that the following-named officers be appointed brigadier-generals in the volunteer service for distinguished gallantry on several occasions in the face of the enemy: Colonel J. R. Brooke, Fifty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers; Colonel N. A. Miles, Sixty-first Regiment New York Volunteers; Colonel Joseph Hayes, Eighteenth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers. Independent of the conspicuous bravery they have exhibited on the field of battle, the above-named officers, are in all other respects well qualified for the position for which they are recommended. Colonels Brooke and Miles have for along time past ;commanded brigades with marked ability, and have repeatedly been recommended for promotion.

Very respectfully, &c.,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 16, 1864-8.15 a. m.

The following dispatch has been received from the lieutenant-general commanding, and is respectfully communicated to corps commanders for their information.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

