
MAY 16, 1864.

GENERAL: I have heard from Sherman to 8 p. m. the 14th. He then occupied Dalton and Resaca, having turned Johnston's position. There was fighting all day on the 14th, resulting in contracting the ground occupied by the rebels, and in bringing all of Sherman's force together. The battle was to be renewed yesterday. Sherman says he is ready to attack at all pints. I have returns of troops sent from Washington and ready for shipment. The re-enforcements for this army to this time is 24,700 men. This is exclusive of about 3,000 for the garrison of Belle Plain.

Yours,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 136. May 16, 1864.

* * * *

2. Each six-gun battery in this army, except the Horse Artillery and Taft's New York Independent Battery, will at once be reduced to four guns, retaining all its caissons. The surplus ordnance stores and horses will be sent to Belle Plain to-morrow and turned into the proper departments at that place. The batteries of the Artillery Reserve will be distributed as follows, after sending back the surplus guns: To the Second Corps, Major Hazard with Clark's (B, First New Jersey), McKnight's (Twelfth New York Independent), and Burton's (Eleventh New York Independent). to the Fifth Corps, Major Fitzhugh, with Bigelow's (Ninth Massachusetts:), Hart's (Fifteenth New York), Sheldon's (B, First New York), Barnes' (C, First New York). To the Sixth Corps, Lieutenant-Colonel Monroe, with Brinckle's (E, Fifth United States), Stevens' (Fifth Maine), Hexamer's (A, First New Jersey) and Ewing's (H, First Ohio). Taft's Fifth New York Battery will report to morrow to Major-General Warren, commanding Fifth Corps. The batteries transferred from the Reserve will join their corps to-morrow. Lieutenant-Colonel McGilvery will remain in charge of the general ammunition column, with the staff officers attached to it. When the distribution is effected Colonel Burton will report to the commanding general of this army for further instructions.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

May 16, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

Our men who went out on the right on Friday (from Armstrong's house) returned last night. They learned that no re-enforcements had come to General Lee's army, and that trains were running on the Fredericksburg railroad to Milford Depot, whence General Lee draws his supplies. They captured and brought in a member of General Stuart's signal corps, who belongs to a party that has been engaged in watching our movements on the Rappahannock and Potomac.

