
They had a station between Fredericksburg and Port Royal, on the Rappahannock; one on the other side of the Rappahannock, whence couriers and other agents went to the Potomac, and got as far as the mouth of Potomac Creek, to observed our movements. They are perfectly familiar with everything we have lately done in that direction, and up to night before last had reported to General Stuart that four large steamers with troops for the Army of the Potomac had arrived off Belle Plain. They had also conveyed intelligence of all the movements of steamers and transports down the Potomac.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.

MAY 16, 1864.

GENERAL: The Phillips Legion of Cavalry is near Shady Grove Church; also, some 20 cavalry have crossed at Voorhees' Mill, above our right. I drove them back. No infantry in sight. I have no ammunition.

CLINE,

Chief of Scouts.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, Numbers 130. May 16, 1864.

* * * *

III. General Orders, Numbers 19. current series, from these headquarters, assigning artillery to divisions for the campaign, is hereby revoked, and the artillery of the corps will remain consolidated, under the direction of the commandant of artillery. Division commanders desiring batteries at any time can obtain them on application to the commandant of artillery.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 16, 1864.

A considerable part of the tools that have been loaned division commanders for intrenching purposes have not been returned, and many, it is known, have fallen into the hands of the enemy, who is in want of nothing so much as intrenching tools. At the same time, it is very important for our own operations that all property belonging to the corps should be retained. Division commanders are therefore especially requested to take pains that no tools are lost or destroyed beyond the necessities of the service.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

