
I feel especially anxious to have them achieve some marked success, and have no doubt they will when a fair chance is offered. Their losses and trials already secure to them honorable mention.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 22. May 16, 1864-12.30 p. m.

Have your wagons gotten back across the Ny River and parked conveniently as soon as you can, and dispose your troops to support an advance of our skirmish line to develop the enemy's force. This will undoubtedly bring on us the fire of the enemy's batteries, so that the troops must be disposed in lines, not masses. Generals Cutler and Griffin will place proper supports to their skirmish line, if not there already, and report their readiness to advance as soon as ascertained.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

May 16, 1864.

Hereafter the pioneers of this command will always remain with their respective brigades unless detailed away for some special purpose, and they will be reported on field returns and the regular reports as present for duty equipped, and can be sent to the front if needed.

By command of Major-General Warren:

A. S. MARVIN, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 16, 1864-9 a. m.

General GRIFFIN:

Push out whenever you think you can make a lodgment on an advanced position. Communicate the same to General Cutler on your right. It is important to develop the whereabouts of the enemy very soon. I am going to our extreme right.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., FIFTH CORPS,May 16, 1864.

Captain MARVINE,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Fifth Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state for the information of the general commanding that many of the men of my command are without shoes-some entirely barefoot. I trust the requisite steps may be taken to supply the necessary demand with as little delay as possible.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. B. AYRES,

Brigadier-General.

