
BELLE PLAIN, May 16, 1864-8 a. m.

(Received 11.20 a. m.)

WAR DEPARTMENT:

Seven hundred rebel prisoners go to Point Lookout this a. m. Wounded still coming in, being shipped as fast as possible. Major-General Hunter arrived here at 8 this morning and left immediately for headquarters of the army.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS,Belle Plain, May 16, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 12.30 a. m. 17th.)

WAR DEPARTMENT:

In addition to the troops from General Tyler, mentioned in dispatch this morning, the Thirty-sixth Wisconsin, 900 strong, and the Eight New York Heavy Artillery, 1,500 strong, in all 2,400 strong, have reported to General Tyler, and go on the army to-morrow. Sixteen captured guns and about 275 more rebel prisoners are here. A guerrilla party of about 60 men were discovered collecting 3 miles from our picket-lines. A sufficient force was sent to capture or disperse them. The result is not know at this hour.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NEAR SPOTSYLVANIA COURT-HOUSE,

May 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General ABERCROMBIE,

Commanding, Belle Plain:

Direct General Tyler to forward such of his troops as have reached Belle Plain immediately, and forward all others arriving as fast as they land. Small bodies get along more comfortably than large ones, and then, too, we get the benefit of re-enforcements from day to day.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Belle Plain, Va., May 16, 1864.

Brigadier General SETH WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that Brigadier General R. O. Tyler has arrived at this post and has taken command of the following troops: Seventh New York Heavy Artillery, First Maine Heavy Artillery, Fourteenth Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, Second New York Heavy Artillery; in all about 6,700 men fully equipped and armed. General Tyler will probably leave here with his command to join you to-morrow afternoon or early on the following day. I have just received information of a body of rebels collecting in front of me, about 4 1/2 miles from this post. I have sent enough cavalry

