
to capture them if possible, or drive them off. A detachment of General Tyler's command, guarding about 1,000 stragglers, leave for General Patrick's headquarters this p. m. They will probably be in to-morrow night. I would be glad if their orders met them on the road.

I am, general, your very obedient servant,

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post and Defenses.

NEAR SPOTSYLVANIA COURT-HOUSE,

May 16, 1864-6.30 p. m.

Brigadier General R. O. TYLER,

Commanding Re-enforcements, Belle Plain:

Inclosed find copy of a communication to Brigadier-General Abercrombie.* I want and must have the whole of your command here by to-morrow night at farthest. If your troops have not yet all arrived at Belle Plain, you must bring forward by that time without fail such as have arrived, leaving the remainder to follow as fast as they land.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, May 16, 1864-11.40 a. m.

Brigadier-General MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General

(Care of Captain Pitkin, Belle Plain):

You will please direct your attention to the sufficiency of the guard over the rebel prisoners, and give such order as you thing the service requires. You will, while at Belle Plain and at Fredericksburg, consider yourself the ranking officer in command and issue such orders as the police and safety of either place may require. You will go to Fredericksburg and inspect the different branches of the service there. Leave your address at the telegraphic station, and when ready to return report for orders before leaving Belle Plain. If you need any instructions or find they are needed in any branch of service, please report by telegraph.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General MEIGS,

Belle Plain or Fredericksburg:

Please make strict inquiry as to the report that Slaughter, mayor of Fredericksburg, captured some of our wounded and delivered them over to the enemy some days ago. It was sid that he was arrested and placed in the guard-house. If he has been guilty of any disloyal act and has not escaped, have him placed in ions and forwarded here to General Augur under guard.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See p. 828.

---------------

