
place. Send him up immediately. Bridges at Harper's Ferry carried away. I have sent pontoons to-day to replace them. Butler has fallen back to-day. Do not rely on him. Sherman is doing well. I will push forward railroad from Aquia Creek with all possible dispatch. More re-enforcements will leave here to-morrow. I will run them up in a few days from 25,000 to 30,000.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

MAY 17, 1864.

General ROBERT E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Norther Virginia:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt this morning of your letter* of the 16th instant, stating that you have directed that the remains of the late Brigadier-General Wadsworth be sent to the lines of this army, and beg that you will accept my sincere thanks for your kind consideration of the request contained in my communication of the 5th instant. I have jut learned that the remains of General Wadsworth have been brought in by the surgeon who took my communication to your lines. it will not, therefore, be necessary for me to send to Wilderness Church for the body under the arrangement made by Major General Wade Hampton to carry out your instructions.

Very respectfully,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

FIRST DIVISION HOSPITAL, FIFTH CORPS,

In the Field, May 17, 1864.

Surg. THOMAS A. MCPARLIN, U. S. Army,

Medical Director, Army of the Potomac:

DOCTOR: I was instructed by Surg. E. B. Dalton, U. S. Volunteers, to report to you the fact that about 400 of our wounded from different corps of the army are yet in the hands of the enemy at Robertson's Tavern; that they decline to deliver them under flag of truce from Major-General Meade, and require that a flag of truce be sent by order of Lieutenant-General Grant before their delivery can be effected.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. D. W. BRENEMAN,

Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army.

WILLIAM STREET HOSPITAL,

Fredericksburg, May 17, 1864.

Dr. DALTON,

Medical Director:

SIR: I am very anxious that some relief be sen immediately to Dr. Aiken and others of Second and Third Divisions of Second

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

