
Corps hospital, now near the Wilderness, and in the hands of the enemy. Last Saturday, the 14th instant, I left there with 210 wounded men by means of a flag of truce, leaving Drs. Aiken, Monroe, Watson, Kelsey, O'Farrell, and, I believe, nearly 400 wounded men. They were then nearly destitute of medical supplies and entirely destitute of provisions, with the exception of a small quantity of pork ont enough for one day's supply. We had all been almost destitute of food. It is now four days since I left there, and I am confident they are in a starving condition unless supplies have been sen tot them. no aid could be obtained from the enemy, as they said they were short of supplies themselves. hoping this may receive due consideration from you.

I remain, dear sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. R. H. SAWYER,

Assistant Surgeon in charge William Street Hospital.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE.

May 18, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the assistant adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac, with the remark that a similar report has already been forwarded by me.

THOS. A. MCPARLIN,Surgeon, U. S. Army, Medical Director.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

May 17, 1864-9 a. m.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: We have a deserter who came into our lines last night from Forty-fifth North Carolina, Daniel's brigade, Rodes' division, which he left lying on the enemy's left near where Hancock charged the corner. Thinks his whole division is there. Loss in his brigade very heavy. General Daniel killed. This man thinks that within a few days the spirit of the men has somewhat failed. Rations issued for two days Saturday night, which is the last he was int he way of knowing about. Knows nothing of re-enforcements or communications.

Respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 17, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have just returned from the vicinity of Smith's Mill. From observation made and information obtained from other sources, I find the enemy's cavalry so posted as to cover Guiney's Station, and the lower road leading from Spotsylvania

