
Court-House to the station. They haves several light pieces of artillery posted where the Telegraph road crosses the Po River. I have no doubt if they make another stand they will endeavor to keep possession of the road leading from the Court-House to Guiney's Station to be used to move troops upon from point to point as needed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Captain and Acting Chief Signal Officer.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

May 17, 19864-9.15 a. m.

General headquarters are now being transferred to the vicinity of the Anderson house.

By command of Major-General Meade:

A. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 137. May 17, 1864.

* * * *

2. Corps and division commanders will bring to immediate trial the deserters from the battle-field now being returned to the army, and will forward without delay the action of courts in such cases, that no time may be lost in inflicting summary punishment for this disgraceful crime.

3. The full marching allowance of grain will be issued to the artillery horses for the next three days.

* * * *

7. Colonel H. Burton, Fifth U. S. Artillery, is assigned to duty on the staff of the major-general commanding as inspector of artillery, and will be respected accordingly. Second Lieutenant John G. McConnell, jr., Pennsylvania artillery, is assigned to duty as assistant to Colonel Burton.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP ON LINE IN FRONT OF BERMUDA HUNDRED,

May 17, 1864.

Brigadier General H. J. HUNT,

Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: We were ordered here very suddenly by General Halleck on May 10, and are now in charge of the heavy guns of this army. I have left my ordnance officer, Captain S. P. Hatfield, First Connecticut Artillery, at the arsenal in charge of the siege train, which is essentially afloat now. I earnestly hope you will get me ordered to you as soon as there is a chance to use the heavy guns,

