
them to be driven out. The troops are getting into position as fast as the original line of General Birney's pickets can be re-established.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

SECOND CORPS,

May 17, 1864-3 p. m.

Lieutenant NEEL:

We will close communication. Remain there until night and report to General Birney, and then join headquarters at the Anderson house.

TAYLOR,

Captain and Signal Officer.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND ARMY CORPS, Numbers 131. May 17, 1864.

* * * *

II. Colonel T. A. Smyth, First Delaware Volunteers, is relieved from the command of the Second Brigade, First Division, and will report without delay to his division commander.

III. Colonel H. B. McKeen, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, will report at once to Brigadier-General Gibbon, commanding Second Division, for assignment to the command of a brigade.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 17, 1864.

The First Division will move at dark, crossing the Ny at Anderson's Mill and massing at the first clearing beyond. The Second Division will move at dark to Anderson's Mill. A staff officer from these headquarters will conduct this division. The picket will be withdrawn when the division moves. The Third Division will move as soon as shall be indicated by Major-General Burnside, the pickets of the division remaining out until relieved by General Burnside. The artillery will mass near the road between Anderson's house and Anderson's Bridge, after the infantry has passed. The ammunition wagons will follow their division. As soon as the infantry shall have cleared the way to Anderson's Bridge the chief of artillery will move three batteries up to a point near the Coleman house, ready to advance if any opportunity is found to use artillery. So much of General Tyler's command as may be up will follow General Gibbon on the march.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

WM. R. DRIVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

