
Richmond, which was reached at about 3 p.m. My regiment was formed on a wide and well-traveled road parallel with the railroad and separated from it by a narrow belt of brush and low wood and a meadow. These companies were sent into this wood to support a line of skirmishers. They soon sent back a report that the skirmishers already occupied the railroad, when, by direction of Colonel Plaisted, I sent my pioneers, to destroy as much of it as possible, Previous to this the poles of a telegraph running along the road were cut down, the wire removed, and the insulators broken. At this time the right wing was went sent a short distance to the rear to guard a cross-road. There was in that vicinity a saw-mill and a large quantity of lumber, which they burned. After having occupied the main road for about an hour and a half the left wing was ordered by Colonel Plaisted to rejoin the right, after calling in the detached companies, which was done. As these companies left the railroad a large force of the enemy appeared upon a hill beyond and poured a heavy volley into them fortunately without effect. The pioneers report having torn up about 100 feet of rail before the order to fall back, and another line of telegraph. The bed of the road was very hard, and the tools which they had were of interior quality; otherwise they would have accomplished more. They inform me that there was a large number of surplus rails and ties lying along the road. Soon after the regiment became reunited the brigade was dismissed and returned to camp. Only the detached companies were exposed to a direct fire, and I have therefore no casualties to report in my command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. A. OSBORN,

Colonel Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers.

Captain CHARLES B. AMORY,

A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 10th Army Corps.

HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH Regiment MASSACHUSETTS VOLS., Bermuda Hundred, Va., May 19, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the regiment under my command marched with the rest of Colonel Plaisted's brigade at noon on Thursday, May 12, and joined the rest of General Terry's division at a point on the Petersburg and Richmond turnpike about 3 miles distant from camp. It bivouacked at that place for the night.

Friday, May 13, it marched with General Terry's division by a circuitous route, crossing the railroad at Clover Hill Junction, and at 4 o'clock came in the rear of the enemy's works commanding the railroad and said to form part of the out-works of Ford Darling. Here the regiment was deployed to support the Seventh Connecticut Volunteers until the capture of the breast-works, which was speedily accomplished. A short time after taking possession of them the Twenty-fourth was ordered to their front to drive the enemy from a point of woods in which they had established themselves. The One hundredth New York Volunteers was on my left. I deployed a strong line of skirmishers, and after a short but sharp struggle, forced the enemy to retire. It then being dark I was

