HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,May 17, 1864.

Colonel L. RICHMOND.

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Captain Pike, Second Ohio Cavalry, and Captain Cloke, Third New Jersey Cavalry, were both serving under my orders some days since, with their companies. I left them guarding the fords and roads on the left of Gayle's house,but it seems other cavalry has been placed on the duty. Would it not be well either to recall these companies, or have them join their proper regiment?

I remain, colonel, very respectfully, yours,

O. B. WILLCOX.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Haxall's Landing, Va., May 17, 1864-3 p.m.

(Via Fort Monroe, Va.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Armies of the United States:

I am moving out with my command to return to the Army of the Potomac. Our victorious fight at Yellow Tavern, 6 miles from Richmond and between the first and second lines of fortifications and Meadow Bridge, increase in importance every day. The enemy lost many valuable officers, among the number J. E. B. Stuart, commanding their cavalry, who died from a wound received in the engagement of Yellow Tavern. Their cavalry is badly broken up. I sent from here to-day my dismounted men, numbering some 700. Not a moments delay should occur in mounting and sending them back to my command. I have turned over to the quartermaster at Bermuda Hundred 303 unserviceable horses; many of them were worthless when I started. Among the supplies destroyed at Beaver Dam Station were Lee's medical stores. The two pieces of artillery captured at Yellow Tavern I transferred to the chief of ordnance, with General Butler's command.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 17, 1864.

Brigadier General A. T. A. TORBERT:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note of this date. The commanding general desires that you will repair to these headquarters and assume the temporary command of the detachments of cavalry now with the army, recently mounted, numbering more than 2,000 men. Headquarters will move to-morrow morning to the vicinity of the deserted house, to reach which place you will proceed on the Spotsylvania and Fredericksburg road to the vicinity of the Harris house, about half a mile from the Ny River, and then turn to the right and proceed about a mile. The Twenty-second New York Cavalry does not belong to the Army of the Potomac, and the commanding general has received no instructions with regard to dismounting that regiment. General Sheridan reached the James River on the 13th. He had a battle with Stuart's cavalry, which he defeated, capturing 10 guns and in the battle General Stuart was

