HEADQUARTERS,Belle Plain, May 17, 1864.

General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

Your telegram of the 17th in relation to the First Maryland Volunteers, is received. It was absolutely necessary to stop Colonel Dushane and his command, as at that time the guerrillas were making demonstration on us. Our trains of wounded had been fired on, and horses had been captured on the road from here to Fredericksburg. A large body of rebel prisoners were also expected at the time. Colonel Dushane and his command are ordered forward.

I am, respectfully,

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 6. Belle Plain, May 17, 1864.

* * * * * *

XVIII and XIX. Colonel I. C. Bassett and Colonel Dushane [Staunton?] will each send a field officer and 500 men, property officered, at 8 a.m. May 18, or as soon thereafter as practicable, to the relief of Colonel Dushane, First Maryland Volunteers, White Oak Church. Colonel Dushane will, on being relieve proceed at once to join the Army of the Potomac.

* * * * * *

By order of Brigadier General J. J. Abercrombie:

R. L. ORR,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Belle Plain, Va., May 17, 1864.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER.

Military Governor, Fredericksburg:

COLONEL: The following is a copy of a communication just received at these headquarters:

The returning orderlies from Fredericksburg and headquarters of the army state that they are detained at Rappahannock bridge, at Fredericksburg, because no persons are allowed to cross over until the trains are over. I most respectfully ask that something may be done to prevent this detention, as messages sent to the front are of the most vital importance.

F. T. BICKFORD.

Telegraph Operator.

The general commanding directs that you see to this matter immediately. Do not allow this to occur, but pass all messengers to and for from the army and from him to yourself.

Respectfully, &amp;c.

R. L. ORR,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

