
ward Richmond on the turnpike; could not tell how many, as they were passing when I got there. I saw what I thought to be a battalion with a battery of light artillery.

The head of the column had gone by when I got there; don't know whether it was a brigade or more or less. They used the words "over the river across the pontoons," and "Harrison's Landing," &amp;c., all of which was disconnected. They spoke of expecting "warm work soon." Saw a battery in an earth-work between the old and new turnpikes near the road running from the old (at Widow Clay's) to new turnpike. Saw two guns mounted in battery, and saw two or three caissons or guns on carriages. Saw what seemed to be rifle-pits between turnpike and railroad. Saw seven cars and one engine, seemed to be unloading commissary's [stores] between Chester Station and the intersection of railroad and pike. The engine was turned toward Petersburg; don't know if the train came from Richmond or Petersburg. Did not see any movement of troops save what I have stated, except working parties, some slashing and some with shovels.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. CAROLINA, Numbers -. In the Field, Va., May 17, 1864.

1. Colonel H. L. Abbot, First Connecticut Artillery, will assume command of all the siege artillery of this army, except Battery M, Third Pennsylvania Artillery, stationed at City Point. He will report direct to these headquarters, consulting with the commanders of the Tenth and Eighteenth Army Corps as to the positions of the siege guns within their lines.

2. The commanding officer of battery of Third Pennsylvania Artillery, now on the line of defenses, will report for duty to Colonel Henry L. Abbot, First Connecticut Heavy Artillery.

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND N. CAROLINA,

In the Field, Va., May 17, 1864.

Owing to the exigencies of the service the work upon the lines of defenses must be pressed with the utmost diligence.

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GILLMORE'S HEADQUARTERS,

May 17, 1864.,

Colonel SHAFFER,

Chief of Staff:

Can you inform me where Colonel Onderdonk is with his command? He has not reported to me to-day.

Respectfully,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

