HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 18, 1864-5.40 a.m.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: General Gibbon reports he has driven the enemy from two lines of rifle-pits, and has come to a very heavy work. I have just sent to General Wright to see that he makes his connection on the right, as there is none at this moment. General Barlow is separated from the enemy by a dense abatis of 20 rods in width. They are now engaged with the enemy-he (the enemy) firing canister. General B. thinks doubtful if our men can penetrate it. I have no option but to order them to continue, unless I hear from you to the contrary. I have not heard from General Wright yet.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK.

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 18, 1864-6.15 a.m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that, if you deem it impracticable to make a successful assault, you will not make the attack, but communicate with General Wright, and learn if he has found a practicable point of attack, so as to move in that direction, should he find one.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

I have not found a practicable point of attack as yet. The right of your line and the left of mine are broken from a fire from a work back of the enemy' line, running in a southwest direction. I doubt the success of an assault there, unless you can carry it from your side of the rifle-pits. The battery seems to be as represented below.*

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,May 18, 1864-6.50 a.m.

General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

GENERAL: General Wright has not come to any works yet, but he has not advanced very far. He is now trying to swing his right up. My left is within 100 yards of the enemy, and their battle [sic] are about 100 paces apart. General Barlow represents from

---------------

*Sketch not found.

---------------

