
personal inspection that the most dense abatis he has ever seen separates him from the enemy. Our men are lying down, and there is very little firing except when they rise up in front of the works. The division commanders think that the point is impracticable for attack on their fronts; but I am holding them, but awaiting developments from General Wright. The right of General Gibbon's line and the left of the Sixth Corps gave way under a severe fire of canister; but General Owen's brigade (the one quarter of this command) was ordered back. There appears to be a heavy work of the enemy which prevents troops standing there. The commanders of divisions have found no use for any more troops than those they have in.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 18, 1864-7 a.m.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

GENERAL: If you use so many of your troops in advance as to denude your rifle-pits, call on me and I will send you heavy artillery to replace them.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]

Major-General HANCOCK:

I think I have men enough to hold the rifle-pits without doubt, and don't think it necessary for you to send any. Much obliged for the offer.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

MAY 18, 1864-8.30 [a.m.]

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.

GENERAL: Nothing has been heard from General Wright yet as to any new developments. General Barlow's line has been re-established in the enemy's rifle-pits close to the abatis and in plain sight of their main line. Part of this division fell back owing to a destructive fire of canister (enfilading) from a battery in front of Burnside's right. General Gibbon's division has not been re-established in its advanced position, but the right of the division is near enough to skirmish with the enemy in his works. General Barlow, who has made a close examination, deems it impracticable to carry the position to carry the position in his front, owing to the abatis. I have offered the disposal of my available troops to General Wright. If the attack is not to be persisted in, I will withdraw General Barlow, as he is in a very exposed position. Seven guns can be counted in his immediate front.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK.

Major-General.

