
The attack will be made at 4 p.m., or as soon after as the troops get in position. The first line of the Second Corps will be Gibbon's and Barlow's division, Gibbon on the right, supported by Birney's and Tyler's divisions. After the infantry has passed, the artillery will take position near the Landrum house, and at the deserted house, in order to afford such assistance as may be practicable with artillery. The engineer troops will follow the command with the pioneer tools. The ammunition trains will be parked as near the command as possible after the infantry has passed. Headquarters until the time of assault will be at the deserted house.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 18, 1864.

The command will move to-night as follows: The Second Division, General Gibbon, at 9 p.m., crossing the Ny at the deserted house, moving to a point near Anderson's Mill, where the Massaponax Church road crosses the Ny. A staff officer will accompany the division to point out the position for bivouac. The Third Division, Major-General Birney, will follow the Second, moving out in succession from the right. The First Division will follow the Third. The artillery, except a section near the point known as the Salient, will be withdrawn at dark and taken across the Ny under the direction of the chief of artillery, and parked near the Anderson house. The ammunition wagons now parked near the deserted house will be moved at dark, under the direction of Captain McEntee, assistant quartermaster, to a point near the Anderson house, and will join their respective divisions in the morning. On arriving near Anderson's Mill the troops will be massed on the left-hand side of the road, leaving the road perfectly clear. Ambulances and medicine wagons will move as soon as the road is clear of troops, and will park near where the troops are massed. The pickets will remain until withdrawn under the direction of the corps officer of the day, who will report for instructions to these headquarters.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

WM. R. DRIVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,May 18, 1864-8.25. a.m.

[Lieutenant-Colonel MORGAN:]

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that my division occupies a line a short distance this side of the enemy's rifle-pits, some of them having fallen back in some confusion from the line of pits carried when the assault was made.

Respectfully,

JOHN GIBBON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

