
MAY 18, 1864-3.15 p.m.

COMMANDING OFFICER SIXTH CORPS:

The major-general commanding directs that as soon as you reach your former position on the left of General Warren, you move forward as close to the enemy as you can get without attacking him in his works and there intrench yourself. General Burnside will be withdrawn to-morrow before daylight and take position on your left as close to the enemy as he can get without attacking him in his works and there intrench. It was intended that you should move forward at the same time with Burnside, but the commanding general thinks you had better take your position at once.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 18, 1864-7.20 p.m.

COMMANDING OFFICER SIXTH CORPS:

A construction party will be at the Myers house at daylight to-morrow, prepared to extend the telegraph line to your headquarters. Will you please have some one indicate to the party where your headquarters will be to-morrow.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,May 18, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: Understanding that two regiments of this corps, Eighty-second and Twenty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers recently returned from duty at Sandusky, Ohio, are retained for guard duty at Belle Plain, I respectfully request that the may be ordered at once to the corps. I would respectfully suggest that it would be for the interest of the service to assign new regiments to depot duty and send the veteran regiments to the front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS.

May 18, 1864.

The forward movement of the corps, ordered to take place at daylight will commence at 3 a.m. to-morrow instead. The First, Second and Third Divisions will move in the order named by the flank. Colonel Upton, general officer of the day, will advance the skirmish line at the time appointed, pressing it forward as far as possible without attacking. General Burnside is to move up upon the left of the corps.

By command of Major-General Wright:

M. T. McMAHON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

