
Without intending to be invidious, I cannot refrain from mentioning, for their coolness and gallantry, the following-named officers, who came during the action my immediate observation: Major D. D. Nash, Captain Timothy Lynch, commanding the color company; Lieutenants Strivits, Adriance, Richardson, Sandrock, Peck (adjutant), Nichols, Pierson, McMann, Evans, and Howell. Doubtless the remaining officers of the regiment judging from the reports that reached me, performed their duty well and gallantly, and I am only sorry that my duties, confining me mostly to one position, prevented me from bearing the testimony of an eye-witness to their good conduct. The same remark applies to the enlisted men who came under my eye; they stood well by their colors. Corporal Ball, Company G, acting principal musician, distinguished himself by taking a wounded man's gun and taking part in the engagement, in which he was wounded; also Musician Spencer Rose, Company E, a lad, who equipped himself with the arms of a dead man and took an active part. The color-sergeant, Donald D. McKay, Company C, and the color guard, also deserve notice for their zeal and gallantry during the day.

Upon the whole, the regiment did itself credit on the occasion of this engagement. Both the surgeon, Dr. Kittenger, and the chaplain, the Rev. J. B. Linn, followed the regiment under fire, and made the greatest exertions in the line of their respective duties; the first in caring for the wounded, and the second in removing them from the field.

I inclose herewith a list of casualties.*

GEO. B. DANDY,

Colonel One Hundredth New York Volunteers.

Captain CHARLES B. AMORY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP ONE HUNDREDTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, Near Bermuda Hundred, Va., June 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the attack made by the enemy on the picket-line of the First Division on the 2nd of June, on which occasion I was general officer of the day. The following regiments were on picket, viz, Eleventh Maine on the right, Thirty-ninth Illinois, center, Seventh Connecticut on the left:

At about 10.30 p.m. June 1 the enemy opened with artillery, first on the picket-line and afterward on the intrenchments, and continued his fire about three-quarters of an hour. From that time until about 6 a.m. there was no firing of consequence on either side.

Between 6 and 7 o'clock on the morning of the 2nd the enemy commenced an attack on the Seventh Connecticut near the extreme left of our line. The portion of the picket-line occupied by this regiment commences about 60 yards to the left of the road leading directly from Sally-Port No. 2. It runs through the woods in continuation of the general direction of the line at the center until it reaches an open field, here it is deflected to the rear for some distance,

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.13.

---------------

