
corps, which is awaiting orders before attempting a farther advance. I suppose I had better advance simultaneously. Barlow's advance keeps overlapping my line so that I can't advance much farther. I think I had better use my spare troops to support Crittenden, and to assist Barlow in case of reverse.

ROBERT. B. POTTER.

Brigadier-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,

May 18, 1864-10 p.m.

In accordance with orders received from headquarters Armies of the United States to-day, this command will move in the following order, viz: General Potter's division will commence the movement at 2 a.m. to-morrow by the left flank, and as soon as General Crittenden's left is uncovered he will move by the left flank, following General Potter, and General Willcox following General Crittenden in like manner. The pickets will be left out until 4 a.m. after which they will be withdrawn by the division officers of the day, following the command. The batteries and ammunition wagons will follow their respective divisions. Such of the caissons and ammunition wagons as have already gone in rear of the Anderson house will remain there until the command gets in position. The line of march will be over the road followed by the officers of division who accompanied Colonel Loring yesterday. General Birney will move at 2 o'clock withdrawing his line of pickets with General Hancock's at 4 o'clock. It is very important that this movement should be conducted so that the rear of General Willcox's column may be out of position before daylight, and General Potter is authorized to commence the movement at 1 o'clock, if necessary for the accomplishment of this object, in which case he will notify the other division commanders,also General Birney, who will start at the same time with the General Potter. Everything appertaining to the division not going with the column will go to the Anderson house. General Birney will pursue the line of march of General Hancock's corps. The command will be in position to-morrow where it can be reached by its supplies, and it is very desirable that the order of General Grant in reference to subsistence be carried out as nearly as possible.

Very respectfully.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT.

Washington, D. C., May 18, 1864-12. 50 a.m.

Brigadier-General MEIGS,

Belle Plain:

A telegram from General Abercrombie just received states our depot at Belle Plain and trains to be threatened. If this be so, the request for you to return here is countermanded, and you will remain at Belle Plain to take such measures as the safety of that place and our trains may require.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

56 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT III

