
Subsistence is readily obtained from the depots in the line, and twenty days' kept on hand in the works south of Hunting Creek and at Forts Ethan Allen and Marcy. The other works keep ten days' supply on hand. I am of opinion that it would promote the health, discipline, drill and efficiency of the Reserve Corps to encamp them without the limits of the city, but within the line of defense, leaving in the city only guards for hospitals, public property, and provost duty. I recommend that they be encamped at the following points: One camp near Fort Gaines, one camp between Batteries Cameron and Vermont, one camp between Fort Scott and Fort Craig, one camp near Alexandria Seminary. These points are favorable for reserves and are accessible from all points of the line, and would afford advantages to the troops for improvement that they cannot have within the limits of the city. I observed in the inspection too, generally, a want of observance of the regulations of the service which requires the marking of clothing, knapsacks, canteens, and haversacks. This omission was very marked in the Second and Seventh New York Regiments. The Ninth New York Heavy Artillery was changed during the inspection from the north to the south side of the river, and I inspected it in the works previously occupied by the First Connecticut. I regret to state that I found this regiment, in point of discipline and drill (both in artillery and infantry) much less efficient than any regiment in the line of defenses. The men of this regiment are generally young, active, and intelligent men, and the fault lies mainly with the commanding officer of the regiment, Colonel Welling. The condition of the regiment bears unmistakable evidence that the colonel of the regiment is not fit for the command.

Fort C. F. Smith, Major W. A. McKay commanding-Garrison, four companies Second New York Heavy Artillery-1 major, 15 commissioned officers, 1 ordnance-sergeant, 548 men. Armament, three 12-pounder field howitzers, two 6-pounder field guns, four 24-pounder siege guns, one 8-inch sea-coast howitzer, six 4 1/2-inch ordnance and four 8-inch siege mortars. Magazines, two; dry and in serviceable condition. Ammunition, full supply and well packed. Implements, complete and serviceable. Drill in artillery, very ordinary; wants improving much. Drill in infantry, insufficient; wants more energy and attention given to it. Discipline, great want of improvement. Garrison is sufficient.

Fort Strong, Major Maguire commanding.- Garrison, three companies Second New York Heavy Artillery-1 major, 10 commissioned officers, 1 ordnance-sergeant, 410 men. Armament, one 24-pounder field howitzer, five 24-pounder siege guns, one 6-pounder field gun, two 24-pounder howitzers, four 30-pounder Parrotts, and two 10-inch siege mortars. Magazines, two; not entirely dry, one recently repaired. Ammunition, full supply; serviceable condition. Implements, full sets; serviceable. Drill in artillery indifferent; requires improving. Drill in infantry, very deficient; much labor is required to bring it to an efficient condition. Discipline, deficient; fault of the officer in command; he needs more energy and efficiency. Garrison is of sufficient strength.

Fort Bennett, Major Maguire commanding.- Garrison, one company Second New York Heavy Artillery-2 commissioned officers, 1 ordnance-sergeant, 117 men. Armament, three 24-pounder siege guns and two 8-inch sea-coast howitzers. Magazine, one; leaks in places. Ammunition, full supply and serviceable. Implements,

