
forming a slightly obtuse angle, and again turns to the left through the open field. The left of the line is somewhat irregular and cut up by ravines. At two points in front of this line, viz, at the angle above mentioned and rear the left, the rebel picket-line is not more than 25 yards distant from ours. The attack was made in greatest force at those two points, and our left flank turned by piercing the line at those places. The Seventh Connecticut having fallen back, the Thirty-ninth Illinois found itself attacked in flank and rear. Several squads of the Seventh having made their way through the wood and slashing to the headquarters of the picket-line were posted in the woods on the left of the Thirty-ninth, and assisted in keeping the enemy at bay while the Thirty-ninth fell back by company to the rifle-pits held by their reserve. The attack was continued by the enemy along the line to the right in sufficient force to drive our whole picket force from its advanced rifle-pits and a portion of the Thirty-ninth and Eleventh fell back as far as the open field in rear of the woods on the right; here they were rallied and the line reformed and pushed forward to the position now held. Rifle-pits immediately constructed and skirmishers thrown forward into the woods. They found the enemy in line on the road in the woods running in rear of our former line, and his sharpshooters thrown forward in sufficient numbers to prevent any considerable advance of our troops. The enemy's artillery was heard moving on the road, and was evidently being placed in position to check our advance.

The attack was made in sufficient force to accomplish the object intended by the enemy,the occupation of our advanced line. Eight companies of the One hundredth New York Volunteers (200 men) and a detachment of 36 men of the Tenth Connecticut, reported to me at 10 a.m. They were employed as skirmishers and in digging rifle-pits.

Later in the day the Third New Hampshire, under Lieutenant-Colonel Plimpton, gallantly retook a portion of the ground on our left, lost by the Seventh Connecticut in the morning, and the line now established is nearly the same as formerly, except at the center and on the right, where it is from 100 to 200 yards farther to the rear.

I inclose a list of casualties during the day. Eleventh Maine Volunteers: Killed, 3 enlisted men; wounded, 4 officers, 29 enlisted men; missing, 1 officer, 4 enlisted men; total, 5 officers, 36 enlisted men. Thirty-ninth Illinois Veteran Volunteers: Killed, 1 officer, 1 enlisted men; wounded, 1 officer, 17 enlisted men; missing, 12 enlisted men; total, 2 officers, 30 enlisted men. Seventh Connecticut Volunteers: Prisoners of war, 4 officers; killed, 3 enlisted men; wounded, 3 officers, 10 enlisted men; wounded and prisoners, 2 enlisted men; total, 7 officers, 92 enlisted men. Aggregate: Killed, 1 officer, 7 enlisted men; wounded, 8 officers, 56 enlisted men; prisoners, 4 officers, 77 enlisted men; missing, 1 officer, 16 enlisted men; wounded and prisoners, 2 enlisted men; total, 14 officers, 158 enlisted men.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

G. B. DANDY,

Colonel 100th New York Vols. General Officer of the Day.

Captain TERRY.

