
Fort Ricketts, Lieutenant Joseph M. Parsons commanding. - Garrison, one company Twelfth Unattached Heavy Artillery, Massachusetts Volunteers-1 officer, 1 ordnance-sergeant, and 32 men. Armament, three 12-pounder field guns, one 8-inch siege howitzer. Magazines, dry and in serviceable condition. Ammunition full supply and serviceable. Implements, complete and serviceable. Drilled but little at artillery; and infantry not efficient.

Fort Wagner, Lieutenant Lewis R. Whittaker commanding. - Garrison, one company Twelfth Unattached Heavy Artillery, Massachusetts Volunteers-1 commissioned officer, 1 ordnance-sergeant, 32 men. Armament, three 12-pounder field guns, one 8-inch siege howitzer, one Coehorn mortar. Magazines one; dry and serviceable. Ammunition full supply and serviceable. Implements complete and serviceable. Drilled but little at artillery and infantry; not much efficiency.

Fort Greble, Captain George S. Worcester commanding. - Garrison, one Company Seventh Unattached Heavy Artillery, Massachusetts Volunteers- 4 commissioned officers, 1 ordnance-sergeant, 120 men. Armament six 12-pounder field howitzers, six 32-pounder barbette, one 8-inch siege howitzer,one Coehorn mortar, one 10-inch mortar, one 30-pounder Parrott. Magazines, one; dry and in good condition. Ammunition, full supply and serviceable. Implements, complete and serviceable. Garrison drilled some at artillery and infantry.

Fort Foote, Captain L. B. Whiton commanding. - Garrison, one company Unattached Heavy Artillery, Massachusetts Volunteers-5 commissioned officers, 1 ordnance-sergeant, 110 men. Armament, one 15-inch Rodman gun and two 200-pounder Parrotts. Magazines, three only one of which is completed; completed one in good condition. Ammunition, not a full supply and not in a state of readiness for service. Implements, complete and serviceable. Company drilled at artillery and infantry, but is not efficient with the guns.

Battery Martin Scott, Colonel Gibson commanding.- Garrison, 4 enlisted men. Armament, two 12-pounder mountain howitzers, two 6-pounder James (rifled). Magazines, one; serviceable. Ammunition supply sufficient; serviceable. Garrison is insufficient.

The garrisons of the works throughout the line have been exercised at artillery practice and the results of the firing show a commendable degree of skill and proficiency. The magazines are furnished with the necessary materials for replenishing the ammunition, except that which is more readily obtained from the arsenal. The facilities for supplying the magazines from the arsenal are all that is necessary.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. HOWE,

Brigadier-General, Inspector of Artillery.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,May 20, 1864.

Respectfully referred to General Barnard for remarks.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

