
No. 28. Report of Captain Frank C. Brunck, One hundredth New York Infantry, of operations May 14.

CAMP ONE HUNDREDTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, May 23, 1864.

COLONEL: According to your request, I submit the following report of the operations of the skirmish line of the One hundredth New York Volunteers, May 14, 1864:

At about 10 a.m. I was ordered to deploy my company (I) as skirmishers in front of the regiment, which I did, advancing them through a thick woods into a field partly covered with underbrush. Here I halted. Company H, Lieutenant Howell, was here ordered to my support, and deployed his company on my left. The line was again advanced to a fence in front of a large open field, which was about a quarter to half a mile in length. On the left of this field was a thick woods, and on the other end of the field was a rail fence. Both in the woods and behind the fence the enemy were posted in large numbers. There was also a large house and outbuildings just in front of this fence. Here the enemy had a piece of artillery in position. They afterward withdrew this and burnt the house. On the right of my line were the skirmishers of the Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, and on my left the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts. The line remained behind this fence about an hour, continually exposed to the enemy's fire, when an advance was ordered. The men at once crossed the fence and went over the field at a double-quick, till about half way across, when the skirmishers on my right and left halted, so I ordered my men to lie down and open fire on the enemy, to advance slowly at the same time. It was not long before they (the enemy) showed signs of retreating, so I ordered the men to charge on the fence, which they did. The enemy fired a few shots and retreated to their works in great confusion. The right of my line advanced beyond the fence, but observing that the skirmishers of the Seventh Connecticut were falling back, I ordered them back to the rail fence. The Seventh Connecticut retired to the ruins of the house, which was to the right and rear of my line. The enemy observing, I suppose, this movement advanced out of their works and made a charge on us, but were driven back, I should judge, with considerable loss. They made three more attempts to retake the fence, but were repulsed each time. During the time I was skirmishing, I was re-enforced by Company K, Lieutenant Strivits; Company B, Lieutenant Pierson, and Company D, Lieutenant Sandrock. We took 3 prisoners. At about 7 p.m. I was relieved and took my command back to the reserves.

I have to speak in the highest terms of all the officers and men engaged. Lieutenant Hoyt, Company I, particularly distinguished himself by his bravery and coolness, and was mortally wounded during the action. The loss in my company was as follows:*

Your obedient servant,

FRANK C. BRUNCK,

Captain, One hundredth New York Volunteers.

Colonel G. B. DANDY,

Commanding One hundredth New York Vols.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 officers wounded, and 3 enlisted men wounded and 1 missing.

---------------

