HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 19, 1864-9.15 a.m.

Major-General HALLECK:

An order will at once be issued assigning Tyler's division to your command. The division is, however, directed to remain near these headquarters until further orders. The chief quartermaster states that he has given the necessary instructions with regard to the transportation for this division, and that the means of transportation available from consolidation of the Third and Fourth Divisions of your corps will be sufficient for this purpose.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 19, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

The major-general Commanding directs that you move with your corps to-morrow at 2 a.m. to Bowling Green and Milford Station, via Guiney's Station, and take position on the right bank of the Mattapony if practicable. Should you encounter the enemy you will attack him vigorously, and report immediately to these headquarters, which you will keep advised of your progress from time to time. Brigadier-General Torbert, with a cavalry force a battery of horse artillery, is ordered to report to you for duty. An engineer officer and guides will be sent to you. Canvas pontoons will likewise be put at your disposal.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 19, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

Colonel Morgan has been as far as Guiney's Station, where the first cavalry pickets of the enemy were seen. They have, however, a signal station on the south side of the Ny, from which they can detect the march of my column within 3 miles of Massaponax, and as early as five hours before I could reach Milford. Under the circumstances it might be well for me to march earlier, so that I could get beyond Guiney's and well toward Bowling Green by daylight.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 19, 1864-4.50 [p.m.].

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Army Corps:

Your dispatch is received. The major-general commanding directs me to say: Start at such hour as you deem best.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

