
cross-roads till 5.30 p.m. 9th instant. About 4 o'clock the enemy with fire of musketry and artillery drove in the colored cavalry at the front, which fell back in disorder down the road into the low ground in advance of the section, and soon afterward went to the rear. He immediately opened upon the enemy, checked their advance, and kept up a rapid and steady fire till their artillery ceased firing; then learning that they were endeavoring to turn the left flank and cut off his retreat, he fell slowly back about a quarter of a mile, and subsequently took up a position about 200 yards to the rear of the cross-road, where he remained undisturbed.

At 6.30 a.m. Colonel Voris ordered him up the cross-road to the left, which position he held, keeping the enemy in check by a rapid fire at intervals till I relieved him with the two other sections. He then withdrew to the turnpike, as I ordered and reported to Captain Langdon on the right, and was immediately ordered by Colonel Howell into a position near Ware Bottom Church, where he remained till evening, when he was ordered back to camp.

I desire to call attention to the courage and good conduct of my lieutenants - Metcalf, Clinton, Bliss, and Smith - and to the excellent behavior under fire of the non-commissioned officer and most of the men of my command. Where so many did their duty it is difficult to give preference to any one. My loss was 3 wounded. Herewith I give a full list as required. I had also 2 horses killed.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED P. ROCKWELL,

Captain, Commanding First Connecticut Light Battery.

Captain ADRIAN TERRY,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Tenth Army Corps.

No. 30. Report of Captain Zenas C. Warren, Fifth New Jersey Battery, of operations May 10.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH NEW JERSEY BATTERY, Bermuda Hundred, Va.,May 11, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Fifth New Jersey Battery during yesterday, May 10:

About 9 a.m. Colonel Howell ordered me to move out two sections of my battery on the road leading to the right from the church, as the enemy were reported to be advancing in strong force in that direction. I arrived on the ground about 9.30 a.m., and placed my guns in position under the direction of Captain Langdon. I immediately opened on the enemy with shell and spherical case-shot, and, with the assistance of the rest of the artillery, succeeded in checking his advance and forced him to retire. My battery fired altogether 155 rounds of ammunition. I have the pleasure of being able to report no casualties, except a slight wound to 1 horse.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

Z. C. WARREN,

Captain, Commanding Fifth New Jersey Battery.

Captain ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

