
No. 31. Report of Captain Loomis L. Langdon, Battery M, First U. S. Artillery, of operations May 5-10.
HDQRS. LIGHT BATTY. M, FIRST U. S. ARTILLERY, Bermuda Hundred, Va., May 12, 1864.

SIR: Pursuant to instructions from headquarter, I have the honor to report the movement of my battery (M, First U. S. Artillery):

I arrived at Fort Monroe, Va., from Jacksonville, Fla., and joined General Butler's expedition May 5, 1864. On the 6th instant sailed up the James River to Bermuda Hundred. On the 7th of May my battery debarked and encamped at Mr. Watkins' farm. On the 8th instant marched 5 miles to Mr. Hatcher's place; subsequently moved 2 miles farther. On the 9th marched to Ware Bottom Church, when one, the right, section, reported to Colonel Osborn, the left advancing to the Richmond and Petersburg turnpike; in the evening left section joined the right at Ware Bottom Church, where we parked, Colonel Howell soon after assuming command of the extreme right of the line resting on James River, or Howlett's. May 10, got battery into position, commanding all approaches, at daylight. At 8 o'clock the enemy attacked our line of skirmishers under Colonel Voris, who held their position for some time and then were steadily driven back until they came within range, when at about 12 m. my guns opened fire over the woods at the advancing columns of the enemy, throwing spherical case and shell, and from the position of the battery their (the enemy's) advance was almost immediately checked. At about 4 p.m. my firing ceased, the enemy having retired, leaving Colonel Howell the victor of a hotly-contested field. The subalterns and men of my battery deserve great credit for the coolness, energy, and interest displayed throughout the entire day. At 8 p.m. we received order to retire to within the intrenchments. I take great pleasure in stating that no casualties whatever have occurred in my battery.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,L. L. LANGDON,

Captain Firs U. S. Arty., Commanding Batty. M, First U. S. Arty.

Captain ADRIAN TERRY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. 1st Div., 10th Army Corps.

No. 32. Report of Brigadier General John W. Turner, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations May 12-16.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, near Hatcher's, May 17, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part my division of the Tenth Corps took in the operations of the 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th, and 16th of May:

In compliance with instructions from headquarters of the Tenth Corps, to hold my division in readiness to move at 4 a.m. on the

