
our operations until we arrived at Haxall's I find it impossible to cross the Pamunkey; in fact, all the streams are much swollen and it will take a day or two for them to run down. I will remain here until I can find out the position of your cavalry. I find it exceedingly difficult to shape my movements on account of not knowing where you are. I will commence demonstrating on the railroads, and destroy them if possible. I have sent for supplies to be shipped to the White House; also for pontoons to cross the Pamunkey. The enemy have infantry at Mechanicsville, and are watching me closely. They were making arrangements with their infantry to catch me at Haxall's. After the repulse of our troops at Drewry's Bluff they sent troops to Bottom's Bridge to head me off. In the cavalry engagement at Yellow Tavern, Major-General Stuart was killed, and at Meadow Bridge next day, General Gordon, commanding brigade in Hampton's division, was severely wounded. The enemy's cavalry was very badly whipped.

Very respectfully,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

MAY 19, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Brigadier General A. T. A. TORBERT:

The major-general commanding directs that you report immediately to Major-General Hancock for duty, to accompany his corps to-morrow. General Hancock is at Anderson's Mill. He will move with his corps to-morrow morning at 2 o'clock to Milford Station, via Guiney's Station and Bowling Green, and the cavalry and horse artillery under your command will form part of his force.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. CAV. DETACHMENT, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 19, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

I inclose a note from Major Forsyth, commanding cavalry on the right. The enemy have driven the pickets (I had about 8 men) on the other side of the Ny River to this side.

A. T. A TORBERT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]

MAY 19, 1864-3.30 p.m.

General TORBERT,

Commanding Cavalry Detachment:

GENERAL: The enemy made quite a demonstration toward us about 12.30 p.m. Colonel Kitching immediately formed in line of battle, when they withdrew to their former position. They have

