
sent a few sharpshooters along the banks of the Ny River. I still think that they are sending all the men they can spare to their right flank. Captain Lee, Third Indiana Cavalry, is now out with a small party endeavoring to find out whether they have any force this side of the Ny River and to our right. Think they have a little cavalry, say about two squadrons altogether. I intend to move most of my force up on the right this evening. Colonel Kitching has advanced his skirmish line to the crest of the hill occupied as army headquarters yesterday, and now desires me to throw my vedettes down to the river.

As the hill commands a fine view of the enemy, and the river banks are exposed to the enemy's sharpshooters, I think the risk entirely too great for the mere prospect of some little advantage, and unless he insists I shall decline doing so, as it would only in all probability needlessly sacrifice some of my men.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. FORSYTH,

Major, Commanding Detachment of Cavalry.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 19, 1864-4 p.m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to inform you that a scout sent out by General Merritt reports a brigade of rebel cavalry encamped somewhere near Old Church, or rather on the road between Cold Harbor and Old Church. The general thinks that you had better send out another regiment to meet the one sent to Piping Tree Ferry and the other crossing of the Pamunkey from your command to-day.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 19, 1864.

Brigadier General D. McM. GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you move your division at 5 o'clock to-morrow morning to Cold Harbor and there take position. Brigadier-General Wilson will be ordered to follow in your rear and on the same road. He will be ordered to report to you as your support, and will be under your orders. After arriving at Cold Harbor or vicinity, push strong parties well out toward Walnut Grove, engage the attention of the enemy, or attack him, if in your judgment it can be done to advantage. My headquarters will be here; if any change is made you will be notified. Frequent reports from you will be required.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

