
own cavalry, who are constantly scouring the country. Three hundred of a guard are at Aquia. Five hundred men, Major Kleckner, One hundred and eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, reported this a.m., and will be sent forward with trains which move at 5 and 10 a.m. and 3 p.m.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General.

BELLE PLAIN, May 19, 1864-8 p.m.

(Received 8.35 p.m.)

WAR DEPARTMENT:

Seven hundred went forward to-day, guarding trains. Colonel Schriver, commanding at Fredericksburg, writes for more men. I send him 250. Eleven hundred infantry go forward to-morrow. Two hundred cavalry arrived this evening.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Belle Plain, Va., May 19, 1864.

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The Twenty-third and Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers arrived at this post just as we were in receipt of cover 7,500 prisoners. It was indispensably necessary that the provost guard, Army of the Potomac, who brought them, should be relieved and sent to the front. The two Pennsylvania regiments (who had been on duty at Johnson's Island over prisoners) were substituted in the emergency. The last of the rebels left here yesterday, and the Twenty-third and Eighty-second have been ordered forward.

By order of Brigadier General J. J. Abercrombie:

I am, general, &amp;c.,

R. L. ORR,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 19, 1864-9 p.m.

Colonel SCHRIVER,

Commanding at Fredericksburg:

You are directed to arrest and send to Washington under guard 60 of the principal male citizens in Fredericksburg and its vicinity, to be held as hostages for the persons captured by Mayor Slaughter and sent to Richmond. You are directed also, upon no pretext, to issue rations to citizens of Fredericksburg or other citizens of Virginia. It is said that without orders you have done so. You will report whether you have done so, when, and to what amount. You will also report what efforts, if any, you have made to arrest Mayor Slaughter and the persons who aided and abetted them in the capture of Union soldiers at Fredericksburg. You will spare no efforts to

