
arrest them, and send all who aided or participated in that act to Washington in irons. This Department needs assurance that you have not been remiss in so obvious a duty. Acknowledge the receipt of this order, and report promptly your action under it.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FREDERICKSBURG, May 19, 1864.

(Received 11.20 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I acknowledge the receipt of your telegram, directing the arrest of 60 of the principal citizens of this city to be held as hostages. It shall have prompt attention. The report that I have issued rations to citizens of Fredericksburg is entirely false; on the contrary I have refused every application made to me. A secret watch has been kept on Mayor Slaughter's house every night, for the purpose of arresting him, should he secretly attempt to enter it. He is reported to be in Richmond, and has not been since I have been here in command.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Inspector-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON CITY, May 19, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Major-General BUTLER:

Your telegram of 8 p.m. yesterday, asking for re-enforcement, reached here this morning and was submitted to the President, and by his direction transmitted to General Grant for his instructions. All the forces of the Government, as you know, are under his orders, and to be disposed of as he may direct. The available troops at Washington have all been forwarded to him. Great interest is felt by the President and this Department in the success of your operations, and by holding the enemy in front of you, Grant is to that extent relieved, and you will contribute greatly to the success of the campaign. Nothing in our power will be spared to support you, and add to the important results you have already achieved.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GILLMORE'S HEADQUARTERS,

May 19, 1864-3.30 p.m.

Major-General BUTLER:

Is the 30-pounder Parrott to go on the right at Curtis' house or on General Smith's left?

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

MAY 19, 1864-8.40 p.m.

(Received 9 p.m.)

Major-General BUTLER:

My engineer officer has just returned from the picket-line, where he was detained in consequence of an attack on the line by the

