HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,May 19, 1864-6.15 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The enemy appears to be shelling the woods in our front. He doubtless heard the chopping last night. Is now making an effort to worry those who may now be in the same vicinity. An occasional shot comes over in this vicinity. Our picket-line is undisturbed. I do not think their actions indicate an immediate attempt to advance upon us.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. AMES,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,May 19, 1864-6.40 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: My division officer of the day reports that the pickets last night heard "pounding," and suggests the idea that the enemy was putting up barricades. My picket-line is very strong; the rails covered with earth make it a formidable rifle-pit. While it is held I would recommenced that an abatis be put in front of the batteries and of that part of my line where is no slashing. I also think it advisable to hasten the slashing in front of my left.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. AMES,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,May 19, 1864.

Generals SMITH and WEITZEL:

Please come to these headquarters to consult with Captain Farquhar. He is too unwell to call on you.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 18. In the Field, Va., May 19, 1864.

I. Hereafter it is positively forbidden for any staff officer in this command, from general headquarters down, excepting officers of the adjutant-general's department to publish any orders "By command of." All such orders will be issued from the adjutant-general's department, and will be obeyed promptly. Any failure to comply at once with such orders will be punished to the full extent of military law. Staff officers may say, at the dictation of their commanding officer, "The general commanding directs, &amp;c., "When it is impossible to send orders through the adjutant-general's department.

