
MILFORD, May 2, 1864.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I reported this morning to the major-general commanding for duty by telegraph, and I now write to advise you of my return. The only troops of my division present are the First and Second North Carolina Regiments, and the three legions of General Young's brigade. The effective force here numbers 673 enlisted men. The Fifth North Carolina Regiment has been detained in Richmond, and I have not been advised of the position of General Rosser. I hope that my command will be concentrated as speedily as possible, so that I may be prepared to render some service if my command is ordered to move.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

KINSTON, May 2, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

Please state what troops of all arms shall move with General Hoke, and whether they shall march or go by railroad. He will not be here until 1 o'clock to-day, when question of attack shall be determined by him.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

[First indorsement.]

General Beauregard was telegraphed to send the troops by rail, and has been informed that by General Hoke's force was mean that which he took with him to Plymouth.

JOHN W. RIELY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,May 3, 1864.

By command of General Bragg, respectfully returned to Adjutant-General, as information.

The following telegram has been to-day sent to General Beauregard at Kinston, viz:

Your telegram of yesterday to General Cooper is seen. You can send with Hoke any or all the forces in your department as you may think best. The movement requires the greatest possible expedition.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

JNO. B. SALE,

Colonel and Military Secretary.

RICHMOND, VA., May 2, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Kinston, N. C:

Dispatch received. By General Hoke's force was mean that which he took with him to Plymouth. The troops will move by railroad.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

