
KINSTON, N. C., May 2, 1864,

(Received 9 o'clock.)

General S. COOPER:

Have conferred with General Hoke. Expedition will proceed immediately. Forces referred to will be sent soon as practicable. Enemy in New Berne reported demoralized.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

MAY 2, 1864.

General BEAUREGARD,

Kinston, N. C.:

Hagood ordered to Richmond. I have directed our 20-pounder Parrott to be sent to Hoke.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

MAY 2, 1864.

General BEAUREGARD,

Weldon, N. C.:

Hagood is under orders and will move at once. Evans will follow. Am I to be left without any. Cavalry all gone. Will not have men enough to do picket duty or guard public property.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 3, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I think that the late movement of General Burnside to the Rappahannock was owing to a change in the plans of the enemy. Previous to that, great preparations has been made to transport troops by water, and I know of no force for which they were intended except that of General Burnside. In addition to the impressment of the steamers about Baltimore, which has already been reported, I send you an extract from the Philadelphia Inquirer, from which you will see that the boats on the Hudson were also chartered. The character of these boats shows that they were not intended for a distant expedition. I also inclose a report* from one of our most intelligent and trustworthy scouts, which I think indicates correctly what the enemy would desire to accomplish. Reports from Generals Breckinridge and Imboden confirm the intelligence of the return of the force lately threatening us in Western Virginia. It may be that they now intend to move up the valley toward Staunton.

In collecting troops to operate in the Peninsula or south of the James, the enemy will no doubt draw from the Southern coast. Indeed, the removal of troops from Florida and Port Royal began as early as April 13 and 17, as you will see be an extract from a Northern paper published in the Dispatch of yesterday. A letter from Port Royal, of the latter date, states that a large force would leave

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

