
Third. In connection with this, but as a part also of a general system, the general prefers that our battalions be equalized as nearly as may be without injurious jarring; and that batteries be adjusted to the standard of four guns. In carrying this out, two batteries of Huger's battalion would have each a gun to relinquish, and one of Haskell's will have two, and these four guns might be assigned to Lamkin; then instead of attaching Lamkin to Haskell's battalion, I have thought it might be well for him to go to Cabell in place of Manly, who would be pleased perhaps with cavalry service. To make up to Haskell the loss of Lamkin I propose that you transfer to him one of Huger's batteries, to be agreed upon. Of course it is wished to satisfy as far as possible all parties in such an arrangement. These changes or others equivalent will surely be required, I think, and it is desirable that they be very promptly effected. One reason why some reductions and transfers must be made is, that we cannot get horses for more batteries, scarcely, indeed, for retaining what we have. Our country cannot spare them. Let me hear from you as soon as you can on these several points.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., No. 123. Charleston, S. C., May 3, 1864.

* * * * * * *

VIII. Brigadier-Generals Henry A. Wise and A. H. Colquitt and their brigades are relieved from duty in this department, and will proceed without delay by rail to Richmond, Va., and report to General Samuel Cooper, Adjutant and Inspector General. Quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General Jones:

H. W. FEILDEN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, No. 38. May 4, 1864.

The great importance of protecting the agricultural interests of the country induces the commanding general to repeat the orders heretofore issued on the subject of preventing the injury or destruction of private property, and to require of all officers a vigorous enforcement of them during the coming campaign. Troops and trains when on the march will be confined to the roads,m except in cases of necessity, and none will be permitted to pass through or encamp in cultivated fields.

Much damage has resulted to fencing and corps by the injudicious choice of ground for encamping and parking the trains of the army. It is enjoined upon commanding officers and those in charge of trains to select locations, where fuel can be conveniently obtained, whenever it is practicable; and, whether in camp or on the march, to give strict attention to prevent injury to fencing, crops, and other private property.

R. E. LEE,

General.

