
MECHANICSVILLE, May 4, 1864-10.30 a.m.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

I fear that the enemy is trying to draw us down to Fredericksburg. Can't we threaten his rear, so as to stop his move? Fredericksburg will not be a strong position, with the flank and rear exposed to a force at West Point. We should keep away from there, unless we can put out a force to hold any force at West Point in check.

J. LONGSTREET.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,May 4, 1864-9 a.m.

Brigadier General E. P. ALEXANDER,

Chief of Artillery, First Army Corps:

Many of the enemy's camps have disappeared from the front, and large wagon trains are reported moving through Stevensburg. The lieutenant-general commanding desires that you will keep your artillery in such a condition as to enable it to move whenever called upon.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,May 4, 1864-9 a.m.

Major-General FIELD:

Many of the enemy's camps have disappeared from the front, and large wagon trains are reported moving through Stevensburg. The lieutenant-general commanding desires that you will have your division in readiness to move at a moment's notice.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Brigadier-General Kershaw.)
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,May 4, 1864-11 a.m.

Major General C. W. FIELD,

Commanding Division:

The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you get your division ready to move at once. Please let me know the earliest hour at which you will be able to move. The point to which you will direct your march will be to Richards' Shop, at the junction of the old Fredericksburg road and Lawyer's road, southeast of Verdierville. The best route is probably by Forest Hill, Brock's Bridge, and junction of Marcus and old Fredericksburg road. I will endeavor to send you some guides. You had better, however,

