
endeavor to get some yourself in addition. The commanding general would like you to get off this afternoon, and make five or six miles on the march. The artillery will move together, under General Alexander.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Brigadier General J. B. Kershaw.)

RODES', NEAR NEW VERDIERVILLE,

May 4, 1864-8 p.m.

Lieutenant-General EWELL:

GENERAL: General Lee directs me to inform you that he will be found in the woods opposite this house to-night. He wishes you to be ready to move on early in the morning. If the enemy moves down the river, he wishes to push on after him. If he comes this way, we will take our old line. The general's desire is to bring him to battle as soon now as possible. General Hill is on this road. Heth has passed this place. Wilcox near here. Longstreet is on our right, moving up. The cavalry in your front has been instructed to keep you informed of all movements of the enemy.

Respectfully,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[MAY 4 [?], 1864.]

General EWELL:

Nearly everything has left Brandy, and are still moving to the right. A party of the cavalry has left Culpeper Court-House.

WILBOURN,

Captain.
HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 4, 1864.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that the inclosed extracts* from paragraph II, Special Orders, No. 93, and paragraph II, Special Orders, No. 100, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series, relative to the transfers of men from Breathed's battery, horse artillery, to the Maryland Line, be revoked, and that these men remain in their present company. This battery as well as McGregor's was, during the first year of the war, organized under the auspices of the Governor of Virginia as a part of the State troops, and enlisted for the war, the officers receiving their commissions from the Governor of the State. Under the immortal Pelham it received large accessions by recruits from Maryland, and while Captain Breathead remained with it, 3 of its 4 officers were natives of that State. Thus

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

