
OUTPOST, NEAR GERMANNA, May 5, 1864-2 p.m.

Lieutenant-General EWELL:

GENERAL: The enemy are bringing up re-enforcements by way of Germanna and the plank road rapidly. Whilst I write I see a long column moving over the heights beyond the river in the direction of the ford. Their pickets in my front are very active and uneasy. Two or three brigades on the side of the river have just passed toward Fredericksburg in sight of my old post. Their cavalry pickets immediately in my front fell in rear and moved off with them, they still keep them on other parts of the line, though. I will try and keep you posted in regard to their movements from this direction.

I shall try and feel them again to-night with dismounted men. I have three good scouts out now on their flank.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. H. COWLES.

MAY 5, 1864.

General EWELL:

Major Cowles reports the enemy's cavalry advancing on the plank road near New Hope Church, and on the pike near Locust Grove.

WILBOURN,

Captain.

MAY 5, 1864.

General EWELL:

Captain Wilbourn reports everything moving to our right except cavalry. If so, better move the divisions to occupy lines at Mine Run, and be prepared for action.

LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Mrs. Capps' House, between Parker's Store and Brock Road,

May 5, 1864-[6 p.m.]

Lieutenant-General EWELL:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that the enemy have made no headway in their attack on General Heth, who is near the intersection of the Brock and plank road. He hopes to have General Anderson to-morrow morning, and General Longstreet also, and he wants you to get General Ramseur and be ready to act early in the morning. The enemy appear to be on the Wilderness Tavern ridge, and if you see no chance to operate on their right, the general proposes to endeavor to crush their left. He wishes you to send back and care for all your wounded, fill up your ammunition, and be ready to act early in the morning. General Wilcox has just reported that the enemy, who was drawn up on Wilderness Tavern ridge, is all moving up to our right. Should that be the case the general suggests to you the practicability of moving over and taking that ridge, thus severing the enemy from his base, but if this cannot be done without too great a sacrifice, you must be prepared to re-enforce our right and make your arrangements accordingly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. MARSHALL,

Aide-de-Camp.

