
MILFORD, May 5, 1864-2.20. (Received Orange Court-House 2.35.)

General STUART:

Dispatch received. Will order pickets out and will advise General Lee.

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS HAMPTON'S DIVISION CAVALRY,Cavalry Camp, Army of Northern Virginia, Milford, May 5, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. GORDON,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

GENERAL: In pursuance of Special Orders, No. 118, Department of Northern Virginia, of April 30, and of instructions from Major General J. E. B. Stuart, commanding cavalry, you are directed to proceed without delay with your command to the vicinity of Shady Grove, where you will concentrate your brigade and report for further orders to Major-General Stuart. I am directed by Major-General Hampton, in communicating the above orders, to express to you, and through you to your whole brigade, the surprise with which he has received the orders, and the pain it causes him to execute them. He indulges the hope that his wishes may be consulted, and that a new assignment may be made as soon as the present emergency shall have passed, which will return your brigade to his division and give him back the troops to whom he has become so attached and whom he has learned to trust in times of danger and trial.

Indulging this hope, he refrains from saying farewell, but will watch the performance of officers and men in the approaching contest with the same anxious interest as if they were under his own command, confident that if your regiments should be eventually returned to him they will bring back unsullied banners and a record of glory increased and illustrated by new achievements in the coming campaign.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. G. BARKER,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOCUST GROVE, May 5, 1864-8 a.m.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN:

MAJOR: I have furnished from my command this morning one company as advanced guard for Johnson's division. One to scout on the road leading from the pike, 3 miles below Locust Grove, to the Culpeper plank road at Spotswood's house. The remainder I separate here and scout and picket toward Germanna and Jacobs' Fords. This by order General Ewell. The company on advanced guard for Johnson's division is commanded by Captain Barrier; that on the Spotswood road, by Captain Iredell; the scout toward Jacobs' Ford, by Captain Addington; and that toward Germanna, by myself.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. H. COWLES,

Major, Commanding.

