
OUTPOST, NEAR GERMANNA, May 5, 1864-3 p.m.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN:

MAJOR: If the services of Captain Borden and detachment are not absolutely necessary on the plank road, I wish you would send him to me. I have a very extensive line of picket duty, and my command is so cut up by details and detachments that I have a very inadequate force to perform it with. The enemy have a large ordnance and wagon train parked on the opposite side of the river; also some artillery, not more than a battery. At 2 o'clock they were crossing a long column of infantry; about three brigades passed on this side in sight of my outpost, in the direction of Fredericksburg.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

WM. H. H. COWLES,

Major, Commanding.

ORANGE SPRINGS, May 5, 1864-4.30 a.m.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

MAJOR: Your dispatches just received. The batteries-Thomson's, Shoemaker's, and Johnson's-will arrive here by 6.30 o'clock. I will reach Dr. Almond's by 9 o'clock. The trains (ordnance and quartermaster) have orders to follow the batteries to-day. Is it desired that they shall move to this point, or not? McGregor will equip his battery with horses from the lot expected last night, and has orders to report to Major General W. H. F. Lee, by daylight, at Orange Court-House.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. P. CHEW,

Major, Artillery.
HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,Richmond, May 5, 1864.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I respectfully suggest that Major-General McLaws be ordered to rejoin his command immediately. I suggest also that you furnish to Secretary of Navy (at same time they are sent here) copies of all dispatches, &amp;c., containing river news, such as is now coming in.

I am, general, very truly, &c.,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

PETERSBURG, May 5, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

My signal corps telegraphs that there are four steamers coming up the James River and have passed Fort Powhatan; at 11 o'clock still coming up. Two more below loaded with troops and having barges in tow now in sight of City Point.

G. E. PICKETT,

Major-General, Commanding.

