
PETERSBURG, May 5, 1864. (Received 8.45 p.m.)

General S. COOPER:

Have you received any telegrams from me to-day? I have sent a great many and received no answers. Have you any guards or any force between this city and Richmond? The enemy have landed at Bermuda Hundred. Unless you guard the railroad they will cut off communication. Reply at once.

G. E. PICKETT,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, May 5, 1864.

Brigadier General B. R. JOHNSON:

Move your brigade instantly to Drewry's Bluff. Boats will be there on which you can cross.

By command of Major-General Ransom:

T. O. CHESTNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, May 5, 1864.

Major F. W. SMITH:

Endeavor to find out whether the enemy is moving toward Drewry's toward the railroad. If they seem to be trying to reach the railroad, notify the commander of the brigade which will get off at Rice's Turnout that General Ransom desires him to watch out for the railroad.

T. O. CHESTNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 105. Richmond, Va., May 5, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

VII. Captain T. H. Bomar will proceed by railroad with his company, now on duty in Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, to headquarters Army of Northern Virginia, and report to General R. E. Lee, commanding, &amp;c., for assignment to duty with his appropriate regiment, the Thirty-eighth Georgia Infantry.

VIII. The Ben Hill Artillery, Captain John B. Higdon commanding, is permanently detached from the Thirty-eighth Regiment Georgia Volunteers, and upon the arrival of Captain Bomar's company, will proceed by railroad to headquarters Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, and report to Major General Samuel Jones, commanding, for assignment to duty as an unattached.

IX. The Fifty-ninth North Carolina Regiment, Colonel Ferebee, the Sixty-Fifth North Carolina Regiment, Colonel Folk, the Sixty-second Georgia Regiment, Colonel Griffin, and the Seventh Confederate Cavalry, Colonel Taliaferro, will constitute a brigade, to the command of which Brigadier General James Dearing, is hereby temporarily assigned.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

