
MAY 6, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel PENDLETON:

I am having some scouting done from the position of my picket-line in the direction of the stone pike. Will report anything I learn. A reliable scouting party sent out this morning down Flat Run to the plank road leading to Germanna Ford reports that road only protected by a cavalry picket-line. They saw but one regiment of infantry. They say they went 3 miles down the river. They was ambulances, &amp;c., moving from direction of Germanna Ford to old pike.

Very respectfully,

J. B. GORDON,

Brigadier-General.

OUTPOSTS ON GERMANNA ROAD, May 6, 1864-8 a.m.

Brigadier-General GORDON:

GENERAL: The enemy (infantry) are moving upon my pickets to the left of Mrs. Willis' house on the Germanna road-a regiment has passed and still coming. A force should be sent in this direction at once-a regiment for skirmishing until more could be brought up if necessary. This move, if continued, flanks you about 2 miles to your left.

Respectfully,

WM. H. H. COWLES,

Major, Commanding First North Carolina Cavalry.

[Indorsement.]

General EARLY or EWELL:

This must be a feint. I don't think it can be intended for a serious movement. This cavalry could keep us informed till the movement here could be made. I still think it best to make the move I spoke of, and it will check any move to our left. If made I should like the order at once. I could feel of them very soon, and then if necessary look after this flanking party.

J. B. GORDON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, May 6, 1864-6 a.m.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN:

MAJOR: Your dispatch regarding my camp received last night. Will move Chambilss to-day near Pisgah Church. I have staid here having been notified by General Lee that Averell was expected to cross the mountain. All quiet.

WM. H. F. LEE,Major-General.

MAY 6, 1864-6.30 a.m.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN:

MAJOR: Your note of 11 p.m. of 4th of May was received this morning. Everything so far in my front and left is quiet. I had

