
PETERSBURG, May 6, 1864. (Received 5.20 a.m.)

General COOPER:

From my outposts the number of transports have been augmented during the night; great activity is reported at Bermuda Hundred, where the enemy seem to be landing in large force.

G. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.

(Copies send Secretary of War and General Bragg.)

PETERSBURG, May 6, 1864. (Received 9.10 a.m.)

General COOPER:

The following just received: "The enemy are advancing in this direction. Post evacuated." Cobb's is the post.

Later.-"The enemy near Strachan's, advancing." Strachan's is about 3 miles from Port Walthall Junction.

G. E. PICKETT,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Copies to Secretary of War and General Bragg.)
HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. CAROLINA AND SOUTHERN VA.,Weldon, N. C., May 6, 1864.

Major General G. E. PICKETT,

Commanding, &amp;c., Petersburg, Va.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the commanding general to inform you that he has ordered General D. H. Hill, volunteer aide-de-camp, to repair to Petersburg, Va., and confer with you as to present and future operations. He is specially charged with communicating to you the views of the commanding general. The commanding general further desires me to say that he has full confidence in the ability, judgment, and courage of General Hill, and in sending him it is with a view to give you as far as possible the benefit of his experience to aid you in the discharge of your onerous duties in the present emergency, and to secure the best possible disposition of the forces at your command.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF RICHMOND, May 6, 1864-7.30 p.m.

Brigadier General B. R. JOHNSON,Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that if the enemy attack Gracie in the morning you attack him in flank with vigor if you are not pressed in your own front. If the enemy retire he directs that you press hard upon his rear. I will send a copy of this letter to General Gracie.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. ROWLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

