SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, No. 122. May 7, 1864.

I. Major General R. H. Anderson is for the present relieved from duty with Hill's corps, and assigned to the temporary command of Longstreet's corps.

II. Brigadier General William Mahone, in the absence of Major-General Anderson, will assume command of his division.

III. The personal staff of these officers will accompany them. The officers of the general staff will remain with their proper commands.

By command of General R. E. Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, May 7, 1864-5 a.m.

Lieutenant-General EWELL:

General Lee directs me to say that the reports received from General Stuart during the night indicate that the enemy's cavalry, on their extreme left, was retiring in the direction of Chancellorsville. He wishes to know if you received a note from him last evening, giving the result of the day's operations on this road, and whether you sent anything in return by the courier (Morrison). Courier has not returned to us. The general says if there is nothing to prevent, and it is convenient to you, he would be glad if you would ride over here this morning.

Respectfully,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, May 7, 1864-10.30 a.m.

Lieutenant General R. S. EWELL,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Lee directs me to say that the Richmond Dispatch, of yesterday, contains extracts from a Northern paper which state that the United States Government has acceded to the demand of the Pennsylvania troops to be discharged at the expiration of three years from the date of their muster into the State service, instead of the United States service, and that 5,000 men will thus be lost to Grant's army. It is said that the time of their discharge is to-day, but the general does not know certainly. Some two-years' men were captured at Chancellorsville last year whose term of service expired a few days after the battle, and it may be that the three-years' men enlisted at the same time. The general thinks it best to bear this in mind, to avoid being misled by movements to the rear. I inclose the latest from General Stuart.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. MARSHALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

---------------

*See Stuart to Lee, 9.30 a.m., p.969.

---------------

