
left camp on the morning of the 9th of May, 1864, at 4 o'clock, taking up a line of march to the front, scouring the country as we advanced with skirmishers. At 10.30 a.m. arrived at Chester Station, on the Richmond and Petersburg Railroad, and commenced destroying the railroad and telegraph wires, under direction of Brigadier General J. W. Turner, commanding division. Having accomplished our object at this point, we marched to the left, on the line of railroad, and at 3.30 p.m. arrived near Swift Creek bridge and formed the brigade in support of General Heckman's brigade, where we remained until the next morning of 10.30 o'clock, when we were ordered to the front, relieving General Heckman's brigade, and remained about one and one-half hours, when we received orders to retire and cover the withdrawal of all the forces. We arrived in camp at 8.30 p.m., with casualties of but 2 men slightly wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. ALFORD,

Colonel Third New York Vols., Commanding Brigade.

Captain P. A. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, Va., May 17, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to forward a brief report of the operations of this brigade for the past four days:

In conformity to orders from division headquarters, the brigade left camp at 4 a.m., 12th instant, passing our line of intrenchments about 4 miles, and forming line of battle near the house of Mrs. Friend, the right resting on the James River, the Third New York Volunteers being advanced as skirmishers, the casualties amounting that day to a total of killed, wounded, and missing of 22. Bivouacked in line of battle. On the 13th the brigade marched forward to near the enemy's front line of defense, our skirmishers being immediately engaged but without any particular effect, the enemy having fallen back from his first line. On the morning of the 14th we advanced and took possession of their first line of defense, forming line with our right resting upon Barton's brigade. Continual skirmishing through the day and following night. The day of the 15th was passed in the same way. On the morning of the 16th, during a dens fog, our line was attacked in force, but held until ordered to retire. We returned in good order, losing no persons (except a few wounded), and reached camp about 8 p.m. Total number of casualties during the four days about 312, in killed, wounded, and missing, not including those of the Sixth Connecticut Volunteers, who were temporarily attached to the brigade. I regret to report Lieutenant-Colonel Floyd and Captain Couch, of the Third New York Volunteers, both severely wounded. A more complete report will be furnished as soon as possible.

Total casualties in the brigade during the operations: Killed, 33; wounded, 207; missing, 63; total, 303.

I am, captain very respectfully, &amp;c.,S. M. ALFORD,

Colonel Third New York Vols., Commanding First Brigade.

Captain P. A. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

7 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT II

