
to follow should the enemy continued his movement toward Spotsylvania Court-House, or should we desire to move on his flank in that direction. Find out about the roads which the infantry would take, and upon which our artillery, &amp;c., could be thrown around. The enemy now and then advance and feel our lines, and the general thinks there is nothing to indicate an intention on his part to retire, but rather that appearances would indicate an intention to move toward Spotsylvania Court-House. Your note of 12 [o'clock] received. General Ewell reports that they (the enemy) have abandoned the Germanna road, and the general thinks they may move toward Fredericksburg or Spotsylvania Court-House and must open some new way of communication. The general is now about starting to visit General Ewell's lines. He relies upon you to keep him accurately informed of the enemy's movements should they be in the direction above indicated.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-Geneal.

Fitz. Lee's note, indorsed by you at 1.30 p.m., just received. The general says that if what is reported therein is true, it confirms his suspicions. He desires you to ascertain what is going on in th direction alluded to.

Respectfully,

W. H. T.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, May 7, 1864-7.15 p.m.

Major General J. E. B. STUART:

GENERAL: General Lee directs me to say that Major Cowles reports that his scouts are of the opinion that there was a movement of the enemy's wagons on the Culpeper plank road toward the river during last night. Some of the scouts who went near the road report this quite confidently. The general thinks it may be their supply trains going back after having been emptied to be refilled, or for some other such purpose, but he wishes you to have it investigated to ascertain the truth of the matter and its real meaning if practicable.

Respectfully,W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, May 7, 1864.

Major McCLELLAN:

MAJOR: The order directing General Gordon to move to-morrow shall be extended [executed]. But I suggest to the major-general commanding the propriety of letting that brigade remain here for the present. Rosser's brigade is greatly reduced, and Young's has not three full companies; in number here both together do not make a brigade, and I think that two brigades with me and one with General

