
road. He has gone out to look at the line. He directs that you have a regiment ready to take the cars, should we send an order for them to re-enforce this side.

I am, general, with much respect, your obedient servant,

C. PICKETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Petersburg, Va., May 9, 1864.

Brigadier General B. R. JOHNSON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch received. Two regiments will be here in half an hour. They shall be at once forwarded to you. Have an officer at the railroad to put them in position. More troops are expected by 5 in the morning, and shall be at once forwarded to you without delay.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. A. BRIGHT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT,Drewry's Bluff, May 9, 1864. (Received 6 p.m.)

General B. R. JOHNSON,

Swift Creek:

I am now ready for the enemy. He is reported moving toward Chesterfield Court-House. If so, you ought to strike him and he will be lost. General Bragg told me Pickett had been ordered to strike if the enemy came this way. Communicate this to Pickett. Barton will send you the news from General Lee. It is glorious. By to-night Grant will, I trust, have lost all. Communicate with me as often as possible. We have reliable intelligence that all Beauregard's force will be at Petersburg very shortly. Thank you for thrashing the Federals at Walthall Junction.

Yours, &c.,

R. RANSOM, JR.,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Drewry's, May 9, 1864-9.30 p.m. (Received 4 a.m. 10th.)

[General B. R. JOHNSON:]

GENERAL: General Ransom directs me to request you to give him full and accurate information of affairs in your left. He wishes to know if you are being pressed; and, if not, where the enemy is. We have but little demonstration in our front to-day. We wish this information before daylight.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. ROWLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-The general will remain at Drewry's house to-night.

