SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 109. Richmond, May 10, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

XXX. Captain J. M. Robinson, of the Engineers, is relieved from duty with Major-General Breckinridge, and will report to the Quartermaster-General for special in connection with railroads. Captain Robinson, under the orders and instructions of the Quartermaster-General, is charged with general supervision over railroad transportation between Richmond and Wilmington, and is authorized to adopt such means and take such control over the rolling-stock of the various roads as will secure the greatest efficiency in transporting troops and public stores. Military commanders will sustain his authority whenever called upon. Whenever any military commander on the route shall need trains for the transportation of troops he will promptly notify Captain Robinson, who will make the necessary arrangements.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHNERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. N. CAROLINA AND S. VA., No. 5. May 10, 1864.

I. The following temporary organization of the forces is announced:

Infantry: Major General G. E. Pickett's division-Corse's brigade, Kemper's brigade, Ransom's brigade, Martin's brigade. Major General R. F. Hoke's division-Hoke's brigade, Hagood's brigade, Clingman's brigade, Johnson's brigade.

II. Brigadier-General Wise, with his brigade, will relieve Major-General Pickett of the command of the First Military District, and assume command of the same, reporting direct to these headquarters.

III. Colonel H. P. Jones is announced as the chief of artillery of the department, and will assume command of the artillery held in reserve. He will order a good battalion (four companies) of light artillery to report to each division commander for duty with their divisions.

IV. On the arrival of Corse's brigade in this city, it will proceed to the north side of the Appomattox River and relieve the regiments of Brigadier-General Wise's brigade, which regiments, on being relieved, will report to Brigadier-General Wise to relieve the regiments of Clingman's brigade. Clingman's regiments, on being relieved, will proceed to the north side of the Appomattox River, and report to Major-General Hoke for duty. Celerity of action is important. Brigadier-General Clingman will move with his brigade.

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

