
painfully anxious to send your troops to you, but unaccountable delays have occurred, and we have been sorely pressed by enemy on south side. Are now threatened by their cavalry on the Brook turnpike and Westham road. I go to look after defense. Will have supplies attended to at once, and as soon as possible send troops to you. May God have you in His holy keeping and support your efforts for your country's cause.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, May 11, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Yesterday evening the enemy penetrated a part of our line and planted his colors upon the temporary breast-works erected by our troops. He was immediately repulsed, and among the brave men who met him the Twentieth North Carolina Regiment, under Colonel Thomas F. Toon, of the brigade commanded by Brigadier General R. D. Johnston, captured his flag. It was brought to me by Major John S. Brooks, of that regiment, who received his promotion for gallantry in the battle of Chancellorsville, with the request that it be given to Governor Vance. I take great pleasure in complying with the wish of the gallant captors, and respectfully ask that it be granted, and that these colors be presented to the State of North Carolina as another evidence of the valor and devotion that have made her name eminent in the armies of the Confederacy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

RICHMOND, May 11, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES L. CORLEY:

SIR: Honorable Mr. De Jarnette called in a few minutes ago to say that in the event of our being unable to send to you sufficient supplies of corn you could obtain enough to keep you going from planters in his country, if we would pledge ourselves to return it within a month, and he gave the inclosed list* of the names of parties whole he thought could each let you have 100 barrels on the condition named. While we hope that it may be unnecessary for you to draw upon these sources, yet it is a great relief to us to know that in case of necessity they will be available. You know that our communication with the south is severed between this place and Petersburg, and again between Danville and Weldon. Should our military movements be successful these communications may be reopened within three days. Meanwhile we have made earnest efforts to organize the transportation from Greensborough via Danville, and have made such arrangements as will secure us from 6,000 to 7,000 bushels per day, provided we can keep the Danville road free from raiders. Even here our efforts to keep you supplied have been impeded by the movements of troops, for the telegraph informs us that three trains on the Piedmont road, intended to be loaded with corn, were taken for transportating troops. I am thus full in details that you

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

