
PETERSBURG, May 11, 1864-12.45 p.m. (Received 3 p.m.)

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

My division of force is only temporary to meet present emergency. Please state your objections, and your wishes, if practicable, will be complied with. I am carrying into effect to best of ability instructions received; the movement is now in progress, and soon as possible I will unite forces with Major-General Ransom; the equipment of two full brigades is still due.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., May 11, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Petersburg:

Your two telegrams of this date are received. They pain and surprise. I do not feel this to be an appropriate time to reply fully to them. I may do that hereafter. At present I have only to say, that while your past services, patriotism, and reputation are fully appreciated, you are on those accounts only the more relied on and expected to use every effort in your power with all your forces to carry out the instructions of the Department and accomplish the junction of all our forces to fight the enemy or defend the capital.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

PETERSBURG, May 11, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

Your second telegram of this date has been received. The troops here and arriving are being pushed forward as rapidly as possible, with proper regard for their safety and the interest of the country. I cannot send them unorganized on a flank march across 9 miles of country occupied by a powerful enemy numbering at least 2 to my 1. The equivalent of two full brigades is yet to arrive, to come here. I relinquish the sick leave I had obtained while in Charleston to recruit my shattered health. I am ready and whiling to serve the cause to the utter sacrifice of that health, but if my course be not approved by the War Department I wish to be relieved at once.

G. T. B.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 110. Richmond, May 11, 1864.

I. Colonel W. B. Wade, Eighth Confederate Cavalry Regiment, will proceed without delay to High Bridge, on South Side Railroad, and assume command of the home guards and militia assembled at that point for the protection of the bridge.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

