SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. N. C. AND SOUTHERN VA., No. 6. Petersburg, Va., May 12, 1864.

I. The limits of the First Military District of the department are extended to embrace that section of country from the Appomattox River running north to Swift Creek.

II. Brigadier General James Dearing, with the regiments of cavalry now under his immediate command, will report temporarily to Brigadier General Henry A. Wise, commanding First Military District, for duty in said district, and to guard the lines between Swift Creek and Drewry's Bluff.

III. Martin's brigade, on arriving in this district, will report temporarily to Brigadier-General Wise for duty in the First Military District. Brigadier-General Wise might assign this brigade to duty on the Swift Creek lines.

IV. Colonel A. T. Harrison, commanding the Thirtieth and Seventeenth Regiments Virginia Infantry, having reported at these headquarters, will proceed to Dunlop's, and report to Brigadier-General Colquitt. These regiments will be placed in position with Colquitt's brigade, and be held in readiness to move with the same at a moment's notice.

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

May 13, 1864. (Via Guiney's, 14th.)

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

The enemy to-day has apparently been engaged in burying his dead and caring for his wounded. He has made no attack on our lines. The loss of artillery yesterday is ascertained to have been twenty pieces.

R. E. LEE.

RICHMOND, VA., May 13, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: I am directed by the Adjutant and Inspector General to furnish you with the following copy of a telegram sent to Major-General Breckinridge, Staunton, Va.:

If you have no instructions from General Lee to conflict, send immediately an efficient brigade of infantry to Lynchburg to protect that place, and unite with McCaushland in defense of Virginia and Tennesse Railroad. The movement should be prompt and rapid.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

The imminent danger in which the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad and Lynchburg are placed by the late expedition of the enemy in Western Virginia necessitated the prompt movement of a force to Lynchburg, and the issue of this order direct to General Breckinridge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

