
from there to Fort Bascom with the Indians. I understand that Lieutenant Taylor expects to go on this expedition. If so, I shall appoint him quartermaster and commissary of the expedition, to receive all public property from Fort Union, and he will accompany the troops to Fort Bascom. I would suggest that sugar and coffee be issued to the Indians after the expedition leaves Bascom. They will then see that no distinction is made between them and my soldiers. I regard them of great importance on this expedition, and after organizing and starting I desire that proper means be placed at my disposal to insure their remaining with me and to make them contented. The Utes are anxious that the Apaches from the Bosque join them at Fort Bascom, but they object decidedly to the Navajoes, and I would suggest that no Navajoes accompany the expedition. I arrived here late last night from Maxwell's. I send this letter by special express and will await your reply.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CARSON,

Colonel First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FORT BASCOM, N. MEX.,October 18, 1864.

Captain B. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Volunteers:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 16th instant the picket below here on the river brought in four Kiowas (three men and one woman). One of these represented himself to be a chief, named Siddmore, who was employed by the Government at Fort Larned as a spy during the Texans' invasion. He had a certificate from Captain J. W. Parmetar, of the Twelfth Kansas Volunteers, dated May 7, 1864. Not having any one at the post who could talk to them in their own language, and they not being able to talk Spanish, I had to send to Mr. Hopkins' hay camp, some eighteen miles from here, for an interpreter. In consequence of this delay, and also my desire to communicate to them the instructions received from headquarters, I was compelled to allow them to remain at the post until the 17th. During the night I placed them in charge of the post guard so as to prevent their going around the garrison and finding out more or less the condition of the camp as regards situation and strength. The next morning I had them brought to the office for a talk through the interpreter. They say that they were sent here by the principal chief (who is sick in their camp), to see us, and that they were told by other Kiowas and Comanches, who were here some time ago that we were friendly and wanted them to make a treaty with us. They claimed to have been always friendly to the whites. They say for this reason they moved their camp far away from the other Indians when they commenced their depredations on the plains. After they got through with their story I told them that we did not believe their statement; that unless they agreed to make good the stock taken by them from our people on the plains at different times during the year we would consider them enemies and would not make any treaty with them, and for the other chiefs to keep away from this post until such time as they concluded to give up or make good all the stolen property now in their possession. During the conversation I understood that their camp (a large one) is at or near the Palo Duro, some 200 miles east from this place, which corroborates the

