
go to Brownsville for supplies; this I think will be a very uncertain way of supplying an army; the forage trains go now a long distance from town. There has been no re-enforcement at Pine Bluff.

* * * * *

The river is very low, navigation is at an end, one little boat is all that can run to Little Rock, and it is around, and provisions will get scarcer. The army forages on the other side a long way down, and can be supplied from that source for some time. Federals say re-enforcements are expected.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S BRIGADE,Five Miles West of Longwood, October 16, 1864-8 a. m.

Major General STERLING PRICE, Provisional Army, C. S.,

Commanding Army of Missouri:

GENERAL: After writing my dispatch of 12 m. yesterday I discovered that Sanford's [Sanborn's] cavalry had passed fifteen miles beyond Georgetown to camp on the previous night, and it was therefore impossible for me to overtake and delay him. I also learned that A. J. Smith with the infantry was bearing northward from California instead of the Georgetown route. I at once determined that he could be brought toward Sedalia or delayed by my attacking Sedalia, so I marched on the place, and at 3 p. m. I charged the town (Elliott's battalion in the front) and carried it in a few minutes. We threw some shells and shot into the forts as the flags were flying, but we soon found they were deserted. We were delayed in taking possession of the captured property until 8 p. m. The result will be embodied in a special report of the expedition when I reach headquarters. I will now move northwestward, and will most probably be at Cook's Store or vicinity eastward by sundown. I have detached 100 men to hover around the command of A. J. Smith and report its position at morning, noon, and night to your headquarters.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF MISSOURI,Camp Numbers 45, October 16, 1864.

General SHELBY:

General Price directs that you push forward the whole command under you and General Clark without delay, so as to get to this point some time to-night. You will watch well your left flank for any approach of the enemy from that direction.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,

Fort Towson, C. N., October 17, 1864.

There having been many applications within the last few days for copies of General Orders, Numbers 61, current series, from these headquarters, the major-general commanding this military district has ordered that another supply, embracing General Orders, Numbers 81, current series,

