
from headquarters Trans-Mississippi Department, and General Orders, Numbers 26,* current series, from General Cooper's headquarters, be printed for the use of the troops of this district, to enable them to furnish copies to their friends at home.

By order of Major-General Maxey:

T. M. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 83. Shreveport, La., October 17, 1864.

Major H. W. Montgomery, Consolidated Crescent Regiment Louisiana Infantry, is assigned to duty in the adjutant-general's department at these headquarters.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, October 17, 1864.

Brigadier General E. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The troops in this district whom I am endeavoring to prepare for an advance, are so much in want of clothing and pay, and the disbursing officers are in such great need of funds, that I have determined to send the chief paymaster and the chief quartermaster to department headquarters to know what can be done, and what assurances I can give to all way the complaints of the officers and men who are becoming dangerously restive under the present state of affairs. I believe I will be able to keep them quiet however, patriotic and enduring as they are, but I am in duty bound to use every possible exertion to procure for them what has been so long their due and for which they are suffering so much. In some divisions there are over 100 men who cannot hide their nakedness. All want their pay, now due for fourteen months, and the officers of the quartermaster's and commissary departments must have funds to carry on the service at all. I beg that you will use all of your influence to enable these offices to accomplish the objects of their mission. If it be possible also to send me mules, please have them sent. We have wagons, but there are few or no mules in this district, and they can be had by impressment in Texas. We have received about 2,500 blankets, which are most acceptable; no shoes. I hope to be able to move to the front as on as Maxey's troops shall have arrived, and I shall have established our 'entrepot' of supplies in front. I think Steele has received all the re-enforcements that can be sent him from below, and that our cavalry, when increased by that of Maxey, will be able to destroy the railroad from Little Rock to White River, whilst I operate with the infantry, artillery, and a small portion of the cavalry in front. I wish to leave the reserve corps in garrison at this place, which I am fortifying strongly. I have succeeded in getting 1,300 stand of arms across the Mississippi, but the infantry alone need 2,000, and the cavalry, say, 1,500, independent of

---------------

*See Part I, pp. 792-794.

---------------

