
the reserve corps. I shall go to Washington to-morrow via Lewisville Dooley's Ferry, and Fulton; please inform General Smith. I regretted to lose Harrison's brigade cavalry. As soon as I received the order I directed Parsons' brigade, then on the march, to return and relieve it. This was done the day before yesterday, but some portion of Harrison's command had been sent to the river to protect the arms, which may delay their march a short time still. They could not have moved, however, any sooner.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

SYRACUSE, October 17, 1864.

General STERLING PRICE:

We found the Federals within two miles and a half of Syracuse. Our advance came within speaking distance, and they said they belonged to General Smith's command. They were on the Syracuse and Boonville road. We also learned that there landed 1,000 infantry at Syracuse (General Smith's command). We have not learned what the forces are, though we will ascertain as soon as possible. We have heard from Boonville to-day. Some two or three men came from there to-day, and they say that there are no forces there of any sort. We will operate on the railroad above Syracuse. We will stay close around their command-as close as possible. We had a small brush with them to-day. No one hurt on our side.

J. L. JENKINS,

Cap., Commanding Detachment of Smith's Regiment, Shelby's Brigade.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;c., Numbers 38. Anderson, Tex., October 18, 1864.

* * * * * *

4. Captains Wilson, Bone, and McFarland, commanding unattached cavalry companies, will proceed at once with their companies to Shreveport, La., reporting on their arrival there to Brigadier-General Boggs, chief of staff.

* * * * * *

By command of Major General J. G. Walker:

[S. D. YANCEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,

Camden, October 18, 1864.

Major ROWLEY,

Chief Engineer, District of Arkansas:

MAJOR: In reply to your communication of this date, I have the honor to furnish the following information as requested: Forney's division infantry, 2,672; Polignac's division infantry, 1,132; Parson's division infantry, 922; Churchill's division infantry, 2,186.

The above show the troops, number effective privates, present for duty.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. P. TURNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

