SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, Numbers 96. Camden, October 18, 1864.

I. Captain D. Behen, assistant quartermaster of Blocher's battalion of artillery, having been ordered to report to Major Magruder, chief of artillery, District of Arkansas, for duty, will return over all the property in his possession belonging to the battalion of artillery to Lieutenant J. C. Arnett, acting assistant quartermaster of the battalion.

II. Major F. R. Earle, Brooks' regiment, will report to Colonel Williams at the Lone Pine Ferry every morning at sunrise until further orders, as assistant in charge of the details engaged in erecting fortifications, and will relieve Major Trotter, Nineteenth Regiment, now in discharge of that duty.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

B. S. JOHNSON,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FAGAN'S DIVISION,

Camp at Waverly, Mo., October 18, 1864.

[Lieutenant Colonel L. A. MACLEAN:]

COLONEL: I beg leave to call your attention to a want of breadstuffs for my division. My men are much dissatisfied and complain a good deal. They deem it strange that in such a plentiful country as the one in which we are now operating breadstuffs cannot be supplied at least while we are moving so leisurely. Being totally unacquainted with the country and its resources, and not knowing one day where my command will be the next or even the direction it will take, i am unable myself to make any arrangement to supply my command, and must rely on the proper officers of the staff of the army to do so. I addressed Major Tracy, chief commissary of subsistence of the army, a communication on the subject. I will be pleased if you will call the attention of Major-General Price to the matter, as it is becoming one of serious import with my command. In this connection I have the honor to submit a report of my chief surgeon as to the cause which produce the increase in my sick report.

J. F. FAGAN,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FAGAN'S DIVISION,Camp on Salt Fork, Mo., October 17, 1864.

Captain JOHN KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: In view of the great increase of sickness in this division in the last fortnight, I have consulted the senior surgeons of brigade as to the probable causes, in order that they might be known and the proper preventive means employed. The character of disease now prevailing is of that class most commonly produced by vicissitudes of weather-such as catarrh, bronchitis, pneumonia, rheumatic affections, and glandular swellings. These causes of disease are more active on systems debilitated from want of sufficient food, &amp;c. The men are much in need of proper and sufficient clothing, and are lamentably deficient in blankets sufficient to protect them during the cold nights.

