
The ration of one-half pound of flour is no sufficient, even if it were regularly supplies, to fortify their systems against the perturbating influences to which they are subjected. It is the concurrent opinion of the medical officers that the hygienic means above mentioned, so much needed, will have to be supplied before their reports will exhibit an improved sanitary condition of the troops.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. WELCH,

Chief Surgeon, Fagan's Division.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FAGAN'S DIVISION,Waverly, Mo., October 19, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding.

Hundreds of my men are without the necessary clothing to be at all comfortable, even in the mildest weather at this season in this climate. I am utterly powerless to provide them with either clothing or bread, and respectfully call the attention of the major-general to the fact and beg his assistance.

J. F. FAGAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DOBBIN'S BRIGADE,Camp Two Miles West of Grand Pass, October 18, 1864.

Major JOHN KING,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fagan's Division, Army of Missouri:

MAJOR: I learn from my scouts that the enemy are encamped at Block's, twelve miles south of Waverly, on the Salt Pond road, about 7,000 strong. I left 400 men at Waverly last night to guard all the approaches to that place, for the purpose of having flour ground for Slemons' and my brigades. The wheat had to be gotten up through the country, as there was none at the mill, as Major Tracy had abandoned the mill, it being somewhat out of repair. I, however, had the mill put in running order before I left last night. I hope you will excuse the seeming neglect in not forwarding the report of the "part taken by my brigade in the action at Pilot Knob and other fights," as ordered. It was under way when I received orders night before last to move. Inclosed please find field return," as ordered.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARCH. S. DOBBIN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FAGAN'S DIVISION.

Respectfully forwarded.

The major-general commanding can see Colonel Dobbin as he passes his camp by sending a courier forward to notify that officer to meet him on the road.

J. F. FAGAN,Major-General.

*Not found.

---------------

