HEADQUARTERS WEST SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, October 19, 1864.

Captain S. D. YANCEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor, through you, to inform the commanding general that since my arrival here I have occupied my time in endeavoring to devise some means of supplying my command. As the Federal still retain a force at Brazos Santiago, variously estimated at from 800 to 1,800 men, it is evident that I shall be compelled to keep a force of not less than 200 cavalry and 550 infantry in the vicinity of Brownsville. There is little or no grass and animals cannot exist without corn. To purchase corn we must have specie, which I fear cannot be obtained, as all the cotton is required to obtain clothing and ordnance stores for the department, and the market for beef will be glutted by the number required to be exchanged for mules. I see, therefore, no way of getting supplies except from the interior. To do this I have made an arrangements with the cotton office by which all wagons hauling for them shall transport five sacks each of corn, and have given directions to have large depots formed at Clinton, Gonzales and other points along the main thoroughfares. Within this sub-district we have not transportation enough for the troops and various posts and I feel there is no hope of getting any addition from Major Burk, chief quartermaster, for field transportation. Under these circumstances I have to request that the general commanding will turn over to me the steamer Lucy Gwynn, now at Matagorda, and give me permission of taking corn to Corpus Christi, from which point it can be hauled to Brownsville and Ringgold Barracks. It will be necessary to give me authority also to impress corn and laborers in Matagorda County or Lavaca. I have also to request to be allowed, when absolutely necessary, to contract with Mexicans for hauling corn, paying freight with a part of the cargo. No arrangements have been made by my predecessors for the support of the command. I respectfully request an immediate answer, as soon all the grass will be destroyed by cold weather and thus necessitate the use of the forage for the animals hauling it.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

JAS. E. SLAUGHTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, Numbers 59. Camden, October 19, 1864.

I. During the absence of Major-General Churchill, Brigadier-General McNair assumes command of this division.

II. Owing to the great irregularity in furnishing details, and the deficiency caused by this irregularity, the following rules will be observed throughout this command: First. Details ordered from companies will first be mustered upon the company parade ground, the names of the men and non-commissioned [officers] taken down in writing and he detail ordered to regimental headquarters. Second. At regimental headquarters the same law will be observed, the details verified, the names consolidated, and all deficiencies supplies. The detail will then be ordered to brigade headquarters in charge of an officer, who will be responsible for all the men until relieved. Third. The assistant adju-

