
tant-general of brigade will, in turn, verify and consolidate the several details from the brigade, placing the senior officer in command and directing him to report to the person, and at the place, designated from these headquarters.

III. In obedience to instructions from district headquarters, Colonel Williams, Third Consolidated Regiment, McNair's brigade, is announced as division inspector of field-works for this division.

IV. The division inspector of field-works will see that the details, as ordered to report to him daily, report as herein directed in sections 1, 2, and 3 of paragraph II.

V. Any neglect or deficiency occurring in these details will be promptly reported at these headquarters, so that the proper steps may be taken to prevent its reoccurrence.

VI. The detail of ten men with axes ordered to report to Colonel Williams by paragraph VII, Special Orders, Numbers 93, from these headquarters, will hereafter be supplied with cooked rations sufficient for one meal.

By command of Brigadier-General McNair:

B. S. JOHNSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, October 21, 1864.

Honorable P. W. GRAY,

Agent Treasury Department, Marshall, Tex.:

SIR: The general commanding has learned that Major Ewell brought over on his last trip some 4,000,000 new issue notes, 2,000,000 of which have been placed subject to his requisition. From official information received from Major-Generals Magruder and Wharton, General Smith fears that an outbreak may occur at any moment among the Texas troops servicing in that district unless speedy payment is made. General Smith requests that you will place subject to his requisition the other 2,000,000, or at least 1,500,000 of the new issue notes. As this payment is of vital importance to the best interests of the service, the general commanding requests and urges that he above disposition be made, even if it be at the sacrifice of other branches of the Government. Major E. C. Cabell, chief paymaster District of Arkansas, will call upon you in regard to this matter.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. MEEM, JR.,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, October 21, 1864.

His Excellency P. MURRAH,

Governor of the State of Texas, Austin:

GOVERNOR: I have deputed Major West, of my staff, to confer with you fully in regard to the penitentiary and he defense of the frontier, two subjects in which I feel great interest. It is my desire that the defense of the frontier be placed under charge of the military authorities. The Frontier Regiment, which will be ordered for that purpose, together with the reserve corps, will, I think, serve as ample protec-

