
tion to that section. I desire that all persons liable to conscription be sent to the army where they belonged by law. I think this is the only means of preventing a collision between the State and the conscript officers.

Trusting that you may concur with me in the measures proposed,

I am, governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, October 21, 1864-10.30 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Mount Elba:

SIR: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to inclose a copy of a report* just received from Colonel Logan, five miles below Princeton. The enemy may fall upon you. Should, however, they appear in your front and pass by you on the other side of the Saline, by Mount Elba, along the Mount Elba and Monticello road, it is suggested that you cross over and fall upon his rear. You can best be guided by the information you may receive, and your own judgment as regards this movement. You will communicate frequently with the rest of your brigade and with Colonel Logan, by courier with these headquarters, giving all information you may receive about the enemy.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. P. TURNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, October 21, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Colonel H. W. PARSONS,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to inclose to you a communication* just received from Colonel Logan, commanding, now five miles south of Princeton, reporting an advance of the enemy from 750 to 1,000 strong. Major Poe, commanding a portion of the Eleventh Arkansas Cavalry, as you will perceive from the report, was compelled to fall back, and they (the enemy) now occupy Princeton. Major-General Magruder directs that you at once place yourself in communication with the commanding officer at Mount Elba, sending him the information contained in Colonel Logan's report. You will also communicate by courier with Colonel Logan, and will render such co-operation as may be necessary to defeat and capture, if possible, the enemy's force. You will communicate likewise with Colonel Harrison, giving him the information conveyed by Colonel Logan's letter. The orders directing him to move to Louisiana have been suspended until the arms, &amp;c., crossed over by Major Burton can be secured. No information has been received rom him or from yourself on this subject since he reported that the enemy was in pursuit of the train, and consequently it is presumed that he has not placed his command on the march. The commanding officer at Mount Elba should communicate directly with Colonel Harrison at Monticello, giving him timely infor-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

