
pieces of artillery. They left on Kansas City road. I will continue pursuit in order to obtain water. Federal surgeon in hospital here reported 100 Federal loss.

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Major-General.

SHREVEPORT, October 22, 1864.

Honorable S. H. DARDEN,

Richmond, VA.:

In the proposition which I submit through you to the Secretary of War, I will state that Colonel Terry recommended it very strongly last spring and proposed with his friends to furnish the cotton which was required, and if the Department would permit he was desirous at the proper time to take the command himself. I was advised by parties who are constantly coming through from California, that there were a great many persons who would join us if they had the means to do so. For this reason I asked for the privilege of carrying out cotton without being subjected to the burdens imposed by the Cotton Board. The points at which I proposed to operate were Mazatlan and Guaymas, on the Pacific coast, ports which are in regular communication with San Francisco by steamers, and also to go to the principal mining districts in Sonora, and to send suitable agents into Arizona. I had already selected men who were peculiarly fitted to serve ut to be placed on duty at each of these points. The expense of traveling across Mexico 300 leagues, one-third of which distance across the mountains would have to be accomplished on mules, is estimated at $130 to $140. Whether the number of men recruited by me should be great or small, every man procured would be an actual gain to the Confederate army and would be of the best material; they would all be armed. If 250 or 300 men can be collected on the border of Arizona, of which I have no doubt, it would be very practicable by a rapid movement to capture Tucson, the capital of Arizona, with the large amount of public stores at that place. Should the Secretary entertain this proposition I would wish him to commission me so that my authority would not be questioned and that I could act without having to refer to district or department commanders on every occasion, merely being required to make my reports in the usual manner. Any other details which may appear to you essential to complete the organization you will arrange as suits you best, if you will undertake the trouble should this meet with favorable consideration.

H. BEAUMONT,

Chief Quartermaster's Office, Trans-Mississippi Department.

[Inclosure.]

SHREVEPORT, LA., October 21, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, C. S. A.:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following:

The importance to the Confederacy of occupying and holding the route to the Pacific through the Territory of Arizona is so great that it scarcely needs more than a mention in this connection to assure it of its proper consideration. The honorable Secretary needs not to be told that in addition to securing us this thoroughfare, aside from the vast mineral wealth which that country possesses and which was in a rapid process of development just before the war, it will furnish,

64 R R-VOL XLI, PT IV

