
statement made by the corporal, mentioned in my last report. There is now on hand at this post about 20,000 abodes, enough to finish the set of company quarters already started, but I have but few men to work at them. With one or two more companies I could complete the buildings before the winter sets in, and at the same time it would save the abodes already made.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCO P. ABREU,

Lieutenant Colonel First Infantry New Mexico Volunteers, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 18, 1864.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

Salt Lake City, Utah:

Order not intended to transfer troops or change commanders, except where parts of different commands act together, when ranking officer takes general command temporarily, as provided in Army Regulations.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., October 18, 1864.

Captain M. E. PALMER,

Commanding Fort Snelling:

CAPTAIN: Inclosed is a copy of Special Orders, Numbers 216, current series, from these headquarters. You are charged with the execution of the first paragraph, and for that purpose will detail a guard of sufficient strength to prevent the scattering and escape of the Indian families specified, and to compel them to go abroad the conveyances prepared for them by the Indian Department. The whole matter must be kept secret until the guard is actually in the ground, as any suspicion of their contemplated removal would cause a stampede among the women and render their return to the reservation a difficult matter. You will also give the guard accompanying them to Mankato particular instructions to vigilance in preventing any escape on the road. The transportation will be ready to-morrow morning, and the parties providing it will be directed to advise you of the hour when your guard will be needed, which will probably be before daylight. It should be under command of an efficient commissioned officer.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. PRESCOTT,

Lieutenant, Sixth Minnesota Volunteers, Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA, DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 216. Saint Paul, Minn., October 14, 1864.

1. The following Sioux Indian women, with their children, now encamped or residing near Mendota,w ill be turned over to the U. S. Indian Department for transportation to the Indian reservation on the Missouri River, to wit: Eyamannewin and one child, Washteyedau and

