
standing and good social position at home. He is familiar with the wants of my department, and I have sent him to England to make all necessary purchases. As he will be a stranger in that country, and may seek advice of you as to the best and cheapest places to make his purchases, I shall esteem it a favor if you will aid him in this as well as in all other respects tending to promote the interest contemplated in his mission, and when the machinery is ready for shipment you will receive it and send forward by the most expeditious conveyance to the Confederate States directed to the care of Lieutenant Colonel W. J. Hutchins, Houston, Tex. Mr. Merrill is directed to send all of his bills of purchase to you for payment, which you meet to the extent of the credit in your hands. You will require invoices in duplicate, which will be so rendered, with your account current, also in duplicate, to Major W. H. Haynes, quartermaster, chief of clothing bureau for the Trans-Mississippi Department, in whose name you will keep your account for this special service. Mr. Merrill, please understand, is sent for the purpose only of selecting and purchasing the machinery, payment being made by you or your successor in office. You will also advance him sufficient funds to defray his expenses and the cost of such assistance as he may require.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, October 25, 1864.

Major-General FORNEY,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to say that you will order a small brigade of infantry from some one of the divisions under your command to proceed at daylight to-morrow morning to Princeton for the purpose of protecting the sick, trains, &c., of Colonel Logan's command. Colonel Logan has moved forward with his command, leaving his train, sick, &c., at Princeton. The brigade will remain there until further orders or until the arrival of Colonel Logan.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. P. TURNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF MISSOURI, Numbers 22. Camp Numbers 52, October 25, 1864.

I. The army will march to-morrow at 2 a. m. in the following order: First, Major-General Fagan's division; second, army and ordnance train; third, Major-General Marmaduke's division; fourth, Brigadier-General Shelby's division. Major-General Fagan will detach a brigade to march on the right flank of the train. Colonel Tyler's brigade will march on the right flank of the train in rear of the brigade of Major-General Fagan's division.

II. The army train, with the following exceptions, will be parked under directions of division commanders and burnt before leaving camp: First, one-half the army headquarters wagons; second, there is allowed to each division headquarters one wagon, with ambulance for

