
will merely delay proceedings until you can refer to these headquarters and receive instructions. It is the purpose of Lieutenant-General Buckner to secure the most perfect accord with the civil authorities of this district. Every right of the citizen, and all the requirements of civil law, must be respected. The successful operations of the army are not inconsistent with the full enjoyment by the citizen of his property and of every other civil right. The difficulties occur and the wrongs are inflicted by a misconception by officers of their authority. You will look for your authority solely to the rules and regulations for the government of the army, and to orders received in future from your superiors.

Numerous courts-martial have lately been created, not only to award punishment for breaches of discipline within the regimental camps, but to teach soldiers and officers the obedience which is due to civil as well as to military law. When this is done, and it surely will be done if prompt and severe punishment be sufficient for the end, the army will be a protection to the State and will be esteemed by the people with affection and not with fear and enmity. You will energetically continue to arrest all jayhawkers and deserters, using such means only as may be necessary for the purpose. Punishments will be inflicted by judgments of courts, and not by your order. The rights of citizens will be respected according to the precepts of the civil law, and you will confine your labors to the duties stated in this communication and in the rules and regulations for the government of the Armies of the Confederacy.

I remain, colonel, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. W. WOOLLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., October 28, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose the return of the army serving in this department for the month ending 30th of September, 1864.* A more complete department return will be forwarded when the returns made from the blanks furnished district commanders are received.

I would respectfully call the attention of the President to the general officers acting with increased rank under Department Orders, Numbers 13, 15, 16, 21, 24, current series, and request his decision in their case.+ By reference to the return, it will be seen that these officers are all exercising commands proportionate to the grade for which they are recommended. General Parsons may be an exception; his command has been reduced below that appropriate to a division commander. Should his promotion be refused the brigades will be consolidated and added to the division of Arkansas infantry. The promotion of Brigadier-General Maxey I would especially urge. His command is large and important, and he has won advancement both by his military services and his successful administration, under difficulties, of the District of the Indian Territory. The appointment of brigadier-gen-

---------------

*For explanation relative to the non-publication of this return, see foot-note (*), Part III, p. 966.

---------------

+To wit: Brigadier-Generals Churchill, Fagan, Marmaduke, Maxey, Parsons, and Polignac, acting as major-generals; Colonels Bagby, Clark, Debray, Gray, King, Randal, and Waterhouse, and Major Maclay, acting as brigadier-generals, and some subordinate State officers.

