
Organization	 Consisting of-	 Effective	 Aggregate

 	 present	 present

Second Corps, Major-

General Magruder

commanding:

Brigadier-General	 4 brigades (15	 3,866	 4,219

Churchill's division	 regiments)

infantry (Arkansas).

Brigadier-General	 2 brigade (6	 2,006	 2,185

Parsons' division	 regiments and

infantry (Missouri)	 1 battalion)

Major-General Wharton's	 3 brigades (12	 5,015	 5,404

division cavalry	 regiments)

(Texas)

Third Corps, Major-

General Walker

commanding:

Brigadier-General	 2 brigades (6	 4,100	 4,328

Hebert's division	 regiments and

infantry (Texas)	 2 battalions)

Brigadier-General	 2 brigades (8	 3,591	 3,873

Drayton's division	 regiments)

cavalry (Texas)

Fourth Corps, Major-

General Price

commanding:

Brigadier-General	 2 brigades (8	 1,482	 1,752

Marmaduke's division	 regiments and

cavalry (Missouri)	 2 battalions)

Major-General Fagan's	 2 brigades (6	 2,118	 2,339

division cavalry	 regiments and

(Arkansas)	 4 battalions)

Brigadier-General	 2 brigades (4	 1,080	 2,390

Cooper's division	 regiments and

cavalry (Indian)	 9 battalions)

Total	 .............	 38,046	 .......

In addition to the force enumerated there are two Louisiana brigades, which it is proposed to consolidate, and one cavalry regiment and six battalions unattached.* The First Cavalry is the only one properly so called. Two of the division commanders have appropriate rank. Brigadier-General Maxey's division is quite large, nearly equal to both of the others. He is represented to be a meritorious officer and his promotion would give great satisfaction. Parsons' division, of the Second Corps, is too small-not larger than a good brigade and should be united with Churchill's division. This would give two strong divisions to this corps. The troops of the Third Corps are not more than equal to a division. It will be observed that there are four brigades and five brigadier-generals under Major-General Walker. No promotion for division commander seems to be required in the Fourth Corps. Brigadier-Generals Maxey and Churchill seem to be the only two for consideration. There are at present twenty-nine brigades and twenty-two brigadier-generals regularly commissioned in the Trans-Mississippi. General Smith recommends the following additional appointments: Gray, King, Waterhouse, Maclay, Bagby, Gano, Debray, Hardeman, Brent, Harrison, and Lane. All but last four have already been promoted, and assigned by General S. Of those recommended scarcely anything is known. Gray has been recently elected to Congress, and will quit the army. King it is said served as colonel under General Green and is a good officer. He was placed, when promoted by General S., in charge of the brigade commanded by Colonel J. E. Harrison, who has been especially recommended for promotion, but without reference to any special brigade. It might be well to transfer King, if appointed by the President, to Maclay's brigade, which is in the same division to which King belonged. Maclay's appointment has caused very great dissatisfaction and the arrangement suggested might be judicious. Maclay is represented to have been a staff officer of General Walker, but in what branch of the service he was commissioned cannot be ascertained. This arrangement would make a place for Colonel Harrison, who is doubtless a deserving officer. Waterhouse was colonel of some regiment, and is pronounced a good officer. Of Bagby nothing can be learned. Gano is thought to be the officer who was thrown out of a Ken-

---------------

*For full roster of troops in the Trans-Mississippi Department, see Part III, pp. 966-971.

---------------

