
tucky regiment at the reorganization and went to Trans-Mississippi. Debray, Hardeman, and Lane are pronounced superior cavalry officers-the best brigade commanders in Trans-Mississippi. The first two are already exercising brigade command. Colonel Brent, who is recommended to command the consolidated Louisiana brigade, is supposed to be an artillery officer. Upon an examination of the field return, it will be observed that a judicious assignment of the several officers already commissioned would prevent the necessity for appointing all those recommended.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, October 28, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM STEELE, Commanding, &amp;c., Warren:

GENERAL: I have the honor, under instructions from Major-General Magruder, to say that Colonel Logan reports from Princeton under date of 27th October, 1864, that he has reliable information that a large scout, with twenty-five wagons, was to start from Little Rock to Pine Bluff on the morning of the 26th at 4 o'clock. You will therefore give the necessary orders to the commanding officers at Mount Elba and Monticello. The scouting party may proceed in the direction of Mount Elba or Monticello, or perhaps visit both of these places. If the party is not too strong you may intercept and capture it.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. P. TURNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Near Washington, October 29, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. T. DOUGLAS,

Chief Engineer, Trans-Mississippi Department:

COLONEL: In answer to your communication of the 24th, I have to state that no extensive works have been undertaken at Camden. I found it already fortified, and little else is being done than to connect detached works by rifle-pits. This is to guard against raids or sudden attack. I am fully aware of the points mentioned in your letter, and have no idea of leaving a large garrison at Camden, but should I make a forward movement I would leave it and the State then to be defended by small ones, probably of the reserve corps. Steele is again heavily re-enforced, and I have information that he has sent a large force of cavalry and infantry on the Fort Smith road. I think this is to head off Price and that the re-enforcements are to supply the place of the troops sent to Fort Smith. These re-enforcements consist of the division sent first from Morganza on the 4th September, a brigade of which was sent to Memphis, and has now gone to Little Rock. General Reynolds says the rest of the Nineteenth Corps are ordered to Little Rock and are expected daily from below. I doubt it. The difficulty here is that the whole region between Red River and Little Rock is a desert, and I find here no supply trains at all adequate to the service. The raid from Natchez is undoubtedly to draw off troops from here so that Steele may intercept Price. The news from Georgia [six]. I want engineers greatly. I will order Doctor Heermann and Lieutenant B. F. Carter to report to Major Rowley-the former to be reassigned to duty in my office.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

