
two children, Winona (Happau), Little Crow's daughter, Winona and one child, Tukanhiyawin, Isantakawin, supposed to have one child; Jerry Campbell and wife, if they desire to go; John Campbell's wife and one child (grown girl); Tati (Chaskey's widow), if she desires to go, but not otherwise.

* * * *

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., October 18, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, present:

CAPTAIN: In obedience to General Pope's telegraphic orders to "arrest officers implicated, examine and report their names to me to be recommended for dismissal," referring to the general departure of enlisted men of Eighth Regiment Minnesota Volunteers from the camp near Fort Snelling without authority, you are directed to proceed at once to the camp and make strict investigation of the facts connected therewith, and place in arrest any officer or officers through whose neglect or connivance so gross a breach of military discipline has occurred. You will return immediately after discharging this duty to these headquarters and report your proceedings. You are instructed to call upon Colonel Thomas and the other field officers of the regiment to aid you in making the investigation ordered. You will also order Colonel Thomas to take immediate steps for the recall of those absent without leave, and prepare to march at as early a day as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., October 18, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: In obedience to your telegraphic dispatch of 17th instant, received this morning, I have dispatched Captain Olin, my assistant adjutant-general, to the camp near Fort Snelling with written orders to institute a rigid investigation into the facts connected with the general stampede of the enlisted men of the Eighth Regiment Minnesota Volunteers, and to arrest promptly any officer or officers who failed through remissness or connivance to discharge their duty in preventing so unmilitary a proceeding. I have directed Captain Olin to make a full report on his return to these headquarters. While I shall make every exertion possible to recall the stragglers and embark the regiment for the South as speedily as they can be collected, I feel quite certain that several days must elapse before these objects can be accomplished, as very many of the enlisted men live in counties more or less remote from this point and will consume much time in reaching home and returning. A full report will be made to you when the facts can be obtained.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

