
enemy said to have left Little Rock for a raid via Pine Bluff. The infantry brigade ordered to Princeton will remain there until further orders. Please communication this last order to its commanding officer.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. P. TURNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, Numbers 62. Camden, October 31, 1864.

I. Attention is called to paragraph 1, General Orders 60, District of Arkansas, current series. No application for furlough for a longer period than twenty-four hours will receive attention at these headquarters other than those made out in accordance with paragraph 177, Army Regulations.

II. All applications for furlough and leaves of absence will state how many officers and men are present and absent, with or without leave, and the necessity for the application. Officers will invariably give the reason for leaves of absence and the distance they desire to go.

III. In accordance with instructions from district [headquarters], only two officers or privates are permitted to be absent from the same company at the same time.

IV. In accordance with paragraph II, General Orders 63, from district headquarters, dated October 23, 1864, the following-named officers (commissioned and non-commissioned) are detailed to proceed to the several hospitals in this district to look after and take charge of all men belonging to this division who are able, or may hereafter become so, to return to their commands: Captain C. C. Nailor, Sixth Company, First Regiment; Sergt. T. W. McCants, First Company, Third Regiment; Corpl. S. A. Haley, Second Company, Second Regiment, Second Regiment, hospital at Camden. Lieutenant G. G. Graves, Company G, Nineteenth Regiment; Sergt. L. L. Reeder, Company G, Nineteenth Regiment; Corpl. E. L. Irving, Company A, Thirty-third Regiment, in hospital at Washington. Junior Second Lieutenant J. Black, Company F, Thirty-fourth Regiment; Sergt. J. M. Bell, Company K, Thirty-fourth Regiment; Sergt. W. T. Bradley, Company D, Twenty-ninth Regiment, to the hospital at Lewisville.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

B. S. JOHNSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, October 31, 1864.

Colonel L. C. GAUSE,

Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to say that you will take post at Princeton, and remain there until further orders. Should you have left Princeton on your return you will countermarch your brigade and remain at Princeton until further orders.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. P. TURNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

