
Inspector-generals in making inspections will see that the above order is enforced, and in cases where they find it violated, prefer charges against the company commander for violation of the Twenty-second Article of War and of this order.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,

November 1, 1864.

Major General S. B. MAXEY,

Commanding District of Indian Territory:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to ask of you information to be sent as promptly as possible to him at Washington, Ark., care of Major-General Wharton, on the following points, viz: First. What is the best route from Washington to Fort Smith, taking into consideration the supplies of forage and subsistence on the road for a large force of cavalry? Whether it is better to take the road up Red River, to or near Fort Towson, and thence to Fort Smith, or to march direct to Fort Smith? Second. What are the fortifications and the strength of the garrison at Fort Smith, and how many cavalry and light artillery will be necessary to take the place? Third. Whether the forces, exclusive of Gano's brigade, now in the Indian Territory, are so posted as to enable them to participate in an attack upon Fort Smith, and what are the strength and composition of such forces? Fourth. Can the forces just alluded to, now in the Indian Territory, join the force of cavalry and artillery that may move up Red River via Fort Towson on the road to Fort Smith, or will it be better that the forces in the Indian Territory should join those from Arkansas at or near Fort Smith? Fifth. At what time and place could such junction be formed of the troops from this district [to] move within the next ten days? You are requested to give all other information on this enemy may suggest. You are further requested to give any information of the topography of the country immediately around Fort Smith which you may possess.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ARMY HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 34. November 1, 1864.

I. Colonel McCray, with his brigade, will move on the 3rd instant to Northeast Arkansas, where he will take the most stringent measures to collect all stragglers and deserters from the army, irrespective of what command they may belong to, and attach them temporarily to his command. He will report with his command to his division commander south of the Arkansas River on or before the 20th of December next.

II. Colonel Dobbin, with his brigade, will move on the 4th instant to Northeast Arkansas, where he will take the most stringent measures to collect all stragglers and deserters from the army, irrespective of

