HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, November 2, 1864.

Major General J. H. FORNEY,

Commanding Forces, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to say that you will order two regiments of infantry of the division under your command to take post at the following points, viz, one at McElrath's, on the Warren road, and the other at the junction of the Mount Elba and Princeton roads. I have made the following disposition of four companies of cavalry (Giddings' regiment), viz, one squadron posted at Hampton and the other at a point about twenty miles distant on the Mount Elba road. These two squadrons have been directed to communicate with each other, and that on the Mount Elba road to communicate with Colonel Logan's command at Princeton. The squadron on the Mount Elba road has been directed, in addition, to send out scouts and to promptly notify the infantry regiments of any approach of the enemy. It will be several days before the squadrons are in position, therefore I would suggest that you direct the infantry regiments to be exceedingly vigilant and guard in every manner possible against surprise by raiding parties of the enemy from any quarter.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. P. TURNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, November 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General STEELE,

Commanding, &c., Warren:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to say that you will immediately cause the following disposition to be made of four companies of Giddings' (Carter's) regiment of cavalry, viz, one squadron of two companies to be posted at Hampton, and the other at a point about twenty miles distant on the Mount Elba road (i. e, the road from Warren to Mount Elba). You will direct these two squadrons, each under reliable officers, to communicate with each other, and that on the Mount Elba road to communicate with Colonel Logan's command at Princeton. This last squadron on the Mount Elba and Warren road will be directed by you to throw out scouts and to notify the infantry regiments stationed at McElrath's, on the Warren and Camden road, and at the junction of the Mount Elba and Princeton roads to this place, the commanding officer at Princeton, and the commanding officer at Camden of the approach of the enemy.

I am, general, very respectfully,

ED. P. TURNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 68. Camden, November 3, 1864.

I. The following preamble and resolutions having been passed by the Legislature at their late session, held at Washington, Ark., the commanding general takes great pleasure in publishing it to the army

