
in this district. Commanding officers will cause this order to be road at the head of each regiment and battalion in their respective commands at least once:

Whereas, being profoundly impressed with the valuable and efficient services rendered the Trans-Mississippi Department by its gallant and energetic commander, at a time when it seemed we were to be crushed by an overwhelming force under Banks and Steele, we give but feeble expression of the voice and hearts of the patriotic people whom we represent when we express our deep gratitude and high admiration of the brilliant and successful campaign, beginning at Mansfield and ending at the battle of Jenkins' Ferry, and resulting in the complete rout of the combined forces of the enemy.

Therefore be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Arkansas, That we return our sincere thanks to General E. Kirby Smith, and all the brave and skillful officers under his command, and all their heroic soldiers, from our own State, as we as those of Texas, Missouri, Louisiana, and the Indian Department, and pledge to the commander-in-chief of the Trans-Mississippi Department, and Major-General Magruder, commanding this district, our hearty co-operation in every measure to repel the barbarous and vindictive foe, to secure our liberty and maintain our rights, as one of the free and independent sovereignties of the Confederate States of America.

By command of Major-General Magruder:

EDMUND P. TUNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SHREVEPORT, LA., November 4, 1864.

Major General J. G. WALKER,

Anderson:

General Smith directs me to forward the following dispatch just received from Lieutenant-General Taylor, dated Mobile, October 10:

An officer just arrived from New Orleans reports Farragut there on the 21st, preparing an expedition against Galveston.*

P. H. THOMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, November 4, 1864.

Major General S. B. MAXEY,

Commanding District of Indian Territory:

GENERAL: I returned yesterday from Arkansas from an interview at Lewisville with General Magruder. Difficulties in supplies and transportation and the accession of large re-enforcements to Steele's command have delayed operations in Arkansas by General Magruder to so late a season that it is now extremely doubtful whether he can operate in force in the lower valley of the Arkansas River. The force concentrated in Missouri to resist Price is so formidable that I anticipate his being compelled to evacuate the State before the 1st of January. If he winters in Missouri his success will be greater than can be reasonably expected. We must provide for the most unfavorable contingency. I feel the importance of giving him support. If Little Rock and the lower valley of the Arkansas are impregnable Fort Smith and the upper Arkansas may offer a field for successful operations. If

---------------

*Taylor's dispatch telegraphed by Walker to Brigadier-General Hawes, at Galveston, November 10, 1864.

---------------

