
I send you some late newspapers; you will read a capital article in one of them on Sheridan's phraseology in whirling Early out of the Valley. The Northern papers pronounce Stanton's reports to be humbugs to deceive the people before election. I think McClellan's chances bright for success, and the news generally good.

Address me here. Should I be fortunate enough to be able to travel in a day or two, and should I leave before the arrival of your letters, they will be forwarded to Camden. For the present I am a prisoner to my couch and suffer greatly, the only consolation being that these are the only attacks from which I ever suffer, and they are few and far between.

I am very truly, colonel, your friend and servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, November 6, 1864.

Major-General WALKER,

Commanding District of Texas:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of Colonel Ford's letter of October 9, forwarded by you, and to say that if the enemy intend making and demonstrations against the coast of Texas, he thinks Galveston will be the point. The large number of troops sent from General Cabby's army to Missouri and Arkansas will prevent any very extended operations of the land forces. The fleet being comparatively idle, can bring a large naval force against any one point on the coast. The dispatch sent you from Lieutenant-General Taylor would also indicate Galveston to be the point threatened. He therefore directs that your forces and means be disposed to resist to the extent of your power an attack upon that point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, November 7, 1864.

Major-General WALKER,

Commanding District of Texas, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires that the organization of the Reserve Corps of Texas be pushed forward as rapidly as possible. Texas is threatened with invasion from the coast, and he desires the Reserve Corps to be in readiness for the field, should such invasion take place.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

(Copy to Brigadier General E. Greer, commandant of Conscript Bureau, Marshall, Tex.)

