
eral Maxey's course, but had a rapid advance and assault on Little Rock been determined on by General Smith and myself at our late conference, the absence of this strong brigade, which I intended to have formed part of our advancing force, might have been fatal to our success. The expedition then on hand being given up, and other operations being contemplated, I leave the correction of these errors to the commanding general of the department, who alone has the power to do so with effect. I shall take no further steps in this matter.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,

Lewisville, November 7, 1864.

Major-General FORNEY,

Commanding Forces, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Since my interview with General Smith I have been confined to my bed with a severe attack of inflammatory rheumatism, rendering it impossible for me to travel. I am now better and my possibly be able to leave to-morrow morning and reach Camden the next night. I turned over to my chief quartermaster as many wagons as I though would be necessary to supply the troops with corn at Camden. I understand this can no longer be done. I was informed by Colonel Turner more than a week ago that the works at Camden would be completed in a few days; I have therefore determined to make the following arrangements of the troops immediately, viz: Forney's division to proceed at once to the neighborhood of Spring Hill, Polignac's to the neighborhood of Walnut Hill, Churchill in the neighborhood of the Cut Off near Lewisville, and Parsons' division (with the exception of the brigade of Washington) to occupy Camden in addition to its present garrison. Your artillery was to-day ordered to meet your division at Spring Hill. It would be well to place the artillery as near Dooley's Ferry, on Red River, as possible, and that they should obtain their supplies from the west side of that river. The chief quartermaster will be ordered to inform the respective commanders of divisions the best routes to take in order to reach their new positions and to give such information as to supplies of corn on the road as he may have in his possession. The chief commissary of subsistence will be directed to furnish the necessary supplies, if all the wagons belonging to each division are not at hand to be turned over to it at once. Each division will move to its point destination as soon as a sufficient number of wagons can be returned to enable it to make a march and to supply itself with corn and subsistence on its arrival. Mills are said to be within convenient distance of the positions above indicated. The axes, spades, &c., belonging to each division will be taken with it. An order will be issued for the medical and ordnance wagons to be immediately repacked and for the rest of the wagons to be turned over to the divisions, if at Camden, at once, and if not, to follow the divisions to their respective stations, the chief commissary of subsistence retaining a sufficient number, however, to insure the troops a sufficient supply of provisions as soon as they shall arrive.

When the army shall have been placed in its new position on Red River near forage and subsistence, all the wagons not necessary for

