
supplying it will be used in the place of wagons and teams impressed from planters, in order that the latter may be returned to enable the planters to save the crops, a large portion of which are now perishing in the mud, the bottoms in the rainy season not being able to sustain the stalk with the ears on it. The preservation of these crops is of the last importance to us.

It is desirable that no time should be lost in taking up the line of march to Red River.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY, Numbers 65. Fort Towson, C. N., November 7, 1864.

I. Captain J. R. Pulliam, Company B, Hardeman's battalion Texas cavalry, is relieved from duty with his command, and is assigned to duty at these headquarters in the inspector-general's department.

By order of Major-General Maxey:

M. L. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Lewisville, November 8, 1864.

Major-General WHARTON,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I just received your letter, addressed to Camden, stating that you had not heard from General Maxey. My letter to him left here Tuesday last, eight days ago. Did you send to Captain Lindsey, commanding post Washington, to know whether any letter addressed to me, to your care, had reached there-a precaution hardly necessary, but it might have been mislaid. I wrote the letter myself, and read it to you, asking Maxey [for] information concerning the roads, and whether the expedition would be practicable at this season of the year. That letter (the original) has been sent to Colonel Turner. Please write to General Maxey at my request, at Fort Towson, I request an answer at his earliest convenience. He wrote me some time since that he was to attend a convention of the Choctaw Nation, but did not say where. Ascertain, if you can, where this convention meets, and insure, if you can, the reception by him of your communication, and let me know on receipt of this the information you have received concerning the routes and the practicability of the expedition. I have been confined to my bed with inflammatory rheumatism ever since you left, and leave to-day for Camden, still very unwell. Make ready every preparation for an immediate movement, as Price is making his way back through Kansas, and I think Steele is making preparations to meet him. I am desirous the move should be made immediately, if possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

