HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, November 8, 1864.

Major-General WHARTON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of to-day, and in reply to say that the brigade of infantry will be ordered from that place in five or six days.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. P. TURNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LAKE JEFFERSON, ARK., November 8, 1864.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Camden, Ark.:

GENERAL: During the last two days large numbers of the enemy's troops have been passing up the Mississippi River. I have not been able to learn whether they have gone up the river or have disembarked at the mouth of White River. My impression is that they have been stopped at the mouth of the river, as the lines have been tightly closed for several days and the pickets are from new regiments. This is the force mentioned in my letter of the 6th instant. We are looking hourly for a raid into this section of country. The Arkansas River is so near dry that it is no barrier whatever. Small raiding parties have been out at different points along the Mississippi River below here during the last week. I send you the Chicago Tribune and Saint Louis Democrat of the 2nd instant. I put no reliance whatever in the reported capture of 2,000 men from General Price. Hood seems to have left Sherman befogged in the mountains of Northern Georgia and is having his own way along the Tennessee River. All quiet at Richmond and Petersburg since Grant's repulse on the 27th and 28th ultimo. Forrest holds half of the towns in Tennessee. The election coming off to-day will be close in New York and Pennsylvania. McClellan's friends are confident; so are Abe's. Colonel Polk, who is here to-night, tells me that the courier-line from Monticello to Camden is now established, as I have directed the couriers on this end of the line to see that all mail going or coming this way be delivered and received from the agents of the Camden line at Monticello.

I am, general, very respectfully,

JAS. D. WHITE,

Colonel, &c.

BOGGY DEPOT, C. N., Tuesday, November 8, 1864.

General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department, Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: I left headquarters at Fort Towson, Choctaw Nation, a week ago to-day, and was the general council of all the allied tribes and nations on Friday and Saturday last. On Saturday, in compliance with a resolution of the council, I delivered an address of three hours, fully reviewing my administration. On Sunday I went to

