
and have a pretty fair show of breadstuffs at this post now; but you must know that under Major Thomas' present system I can only accumulate so much of a supply as Major Campbell may think proper to send me. As to beef I can get enough in the Territory for this move.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

After completing inspection here in the morning I shall start back to-morrow evening to headquarters.

MAXEY.

I neglected to say that there is a detachment of the Indian division about 800 strong on a move north of the Arkansas River.

M.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, November 9, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: In the absence of Major-General Magruder I have the honor to state that I have just been informed by a gentleman who left Pine Bluff, a citizen of that place, who is well know to Lieutenant Greene L. White, of the secret service at this place, and said to be perfectly reliable, that on last Thursday two regiments left Pine Bluff for Missouri, via Devall's Bluff, and that two more were under orders to proceed to Missouri by same route on Tuesday, yesterday morning. He reports the force left at Pine Bluff at about 2,000. He is a gentleman of intelligence and seems well informed. He informed me that citizens from Little Rock and vicinity report that troops are massing from Little Rock to Devall's Bluff for Missouri by every train.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. P. TURNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOTE.-Extracts of the above sent by telegraph.

BOGGY DEPOT, C. N., November 9, 1864-10 a. m.

General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department, Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: Since writing my letter of last night I have received a reply from General Cooper to the letter written by me to him from Fort Washita. The great fear I expressed in my letter of last night was the want of forage. This is also the point General C[ooper] makes, though I am glad to see that he may be able to do something. I am uneasy about Price. The intercepted dispatches to which he refers missed me on the road, but will doubtless be at once went yo from my headquarters. There is enough in his letter, however, to show that Price is in no very good place, unless indeed the thing was started to affect the election. A copy of General Cooper's letter accompanied.

