HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,New Orleans, La., October 19,1 864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Mil. Div. of West Mississippi, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration a state ment of the information received at this office this 19th of October, 1864, from the following source, a report from Lieutenant Thomas Dean, Brownsville, Ark., September 30:

General Price, with Fagan, Cabell, Slemons, and a part of Marmaduke's command, in all, including Shelby's command, which was to join him at Batesville, amounting to about 15,000, all mounted and armed, moved into Batesville on the 12th of September. Magruder, with a force of 13,000 infantry and 8,000 cavalry, was at Camden and Princeton on the 12th.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK W. MARSTON,

Major, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 150. New Orleans, October 19, 1864.

I. The following general orders from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi is republished:*

In order to carry out fully the conditions of the above order, and to secure, as far as possible, to the Government the services of the persons referred to therein, it is hereby made the duty of provost-marshals and military commanders to take charge of such of this class of persons coming within the lines of the districts under their control as may desire to enlist in the U. S. service. They will forward them to the recruiting depot for U. S. colored troops, in this city, where they will be enlisted and mustered for regiments in the field. These persons are entitled to and will receive the bounties provided by act of Congress approved July 4, 1864, viz: For enlisting for one year, $100; for enlisting for two years, $200; for enlisting for three years, $300, one-third of which will be paid in advance on muster into service.

II. Any authority heretofore given to officers to recruit for particular regiments of colored troops is hereby revoked. Enlistments will be made only at the depot for recruiting service as above specified; regimental officers will, however, encourage recruiting for the "service generally," and will promptly report all persons of color desiring to enlist to the authorities charged with the execution of this order. Recruits received at the depot recruiting service will be enlisted, mustered, and assigned to regiments most needing them, and where their services can first be made available.

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See General Orders, No, 58 (here omitted), Part III, p. 774.

---------------

