
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN DIVISION,Sulphur Springs, November 7, 1864.

Captain M. L. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have to inclose dispatches captured by Captain Samuel H. Gunter between Fort Gibson and Fort Smith. They are highly important if true, and should be forward without delay to department headquarters. The Federal report look very much like "thunder," gotten up for the November election, but if truce will encourage the enemy in Arkansas perhaps to make a forward movement. I do not credit the report of General Price's disastrous defeat, &amp;c. Some one would have made his way this far before now is such had been the case. However, not knowing where to send to General Maxey, I take the liberty of making the above suggestions relative to forwarding these papers immediately to General Smith. Copies can be retained for General Maxey. * * *

Respectfully, &c.,

D. H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN BRIGADE,Fort Gibson, C. N., November 2, 1864.

Brigadier General J. M. THAYER,

Commanding District of the Frontier, Fort Smith, Ark.:

SIR: I have the honor to state that the party arriving here last night from Kansas with poll-books, &c., state that Price's army is completely scattered and Marmaduke and Cabell and fifty other officers are prisoners. Also 1,300 privates and all his artillery is in our hands. They fought at Westport, and at Mound City, and on Mine Creek, on the prairie near Fort Scott. Pleasonton had command of the cavalry. Four regiments of cavalry charged Marmaduke's and Cabell's whole division, capturing them. The cavalry performed splendidly. Price is now traveling a southeast course, and, from what I can learn, will try to cross the river somewhere in our vicinity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN H. WATTLES,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-Price has destroyed his entire train, amounting to 300 wagons.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS,Fayetteville, Ark., October 27, 1864.

Colonel STEPHEN H. WATTLES,

Commanding Indian Brigade, Fort Gibson, C. N.:

COLONEL: Your dispatches of the 22nd instant arrived here at noon to-day, five days out. We have been skirmishing all day in sight of this place with the enemy. They are about 1,200 strong, now in this neighborhood, under Colonel Brooks and Buck Brown, and are very bold. I am well fortified and intend to fight it out on this line. Last Tuesday as I was coming from Cassville with a train and 170 men I was attacked by 500 rebels under Brown, and repulsed them after two

