
hours' hard fighting near Bentonville. Brooks, with 700 men, was also watching the road fifteen miles south near Cross Hollows, but I made a flank movement and brought my train off in safety. I have subsistence for a thirty-days' siege, if they wish to try me as long as that. Price is at Kansas City, hemmed in by the troops of Curtis, Blunt, Rosecrans, Pleasonton, McNeil, Sanborn, and Brown. They fought him on Saturday, Sunday, and Monday (21st, 22nd, and 23d), and defeated him in each battle. If he escapes at all it will be in such a demoralized condition that he can do us no harm. Price marched from Pilot Knob, where he was repulsed by Ewing, to Franklin, tore up most of the Southwest Branch Railroad, burnt bridges; marched up main branch to Jefferson, destroying railroad and robbing the country; attacked Jefferson, was repulsed by A. J. Smith's veterans; passed on to Sedalia, Boonville, and Lexington, thence to Kansas City, and had started south, but had to halt and turn back, as his retreat had been cut off. Telegraphic report from Saint Louis up to noon yesterday says Price's army is being dissolved like a mist in the sun. If his army is not annihilated will have to escape in small bands. Deserters by hundreds are coming into our lines. Longstreet has superseded Early. Sheridan had whipped Early four times, and he has just now given Longstreet a terrific defeat. Heavy Administration gains in all States. Lincoln will get the greatest majority ever heard of. Gold, 211. Sherman is after Hood and giving him great trouble. Grant had driven the rebel feet from James River, and has his point of attack on Richmond clear. Expect good news soon. Telegraph open from Saint Louis to Cassville. If you want the latest news send to me. I expect to keep this line open.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel First Arkansas Cavalry, Commanding.

OCTOBER 28, 1864-8 a. m.

Price is again retreating by Harrisonville, Kansas, and Granby roads, and is likely to pass near Neosho. On the 24th our forces were near Little Santa Fe and Price was ten miles south. Our troops have had considerable fighting, and have whipped and driven the enemy and captured two guns.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel First Arkansas Cavalry, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 25. Marshall, Tex., November 10, 1864.

I. The following order is issued under instructions from the commanding general of the department:

II. Boys between the ages of seventeen and eighteen years at military schools and universities are permitted to organize themselves into companies, and will be allowed to remain at school until they attain the age of eighteen. The companies will be drilled regular in military exercise, and will be liable to be called into the field if necessity should so require.

III. Such companies must be composed of a number of boys equal at least to the minimum prescribed for the army, and duplicate copies of the muster roll must be forwarded to this office as soon as the organization takes place.

66 R R-VOL XLI, PT IV

