
IV. As fast as the members of such companies arrive at the age of eighteen years they will be reported by the commanding officers to the commandant of the State, and assigned to commands in accordance with paragraph IV, General Orders, Numbers 23, current series, from this Bureau.

V. Students now in attendance at schools nd universities who have attained the age of eighteen will be at once enrolled and sent to camp of instruction for assignment to commands.

By command of Brigadier-General Greer:

W. STEDMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, Numbers 113. Camden, November 10, 1864.

I. Brigadier General J. S. Roane, having reported at these headquarters in accordance with paragraph XI, Special Orders 314, from district headquarters, is hereby assigned to duty with the brigade of Arkansas infantry commanded by Colonel L. C. Gause.

II. Brigadier-General Tappan will order a detail of ten men, with one second lieutenant, to report to Captain B. J. Brown, assistant quartermaster at Lewisville, Ark. (for twenty days), in obedience to instructions from district headquarters. This detail will be supplied with three days' rations, and will report at these headquarters to-morrow at 7 a. m. for instructions.

III. Captain H. H. Hill is hereby relieved from duty as recorder for the division examining board.

IV. Captain T. M. Drewry, First Company, Third Consolidated Regiment, is hereby assigned to duty as recorder for the division examining board, to fill the place of Captain H. H. Hill, relieved.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

W. F. WRIGHT,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,

Camden, November 12, 1864.

Major-General WHARTON,

Commanding Cavalry, Washington, Ark.:

GENERAL: I send an order for your immediate march on Fort Smith. General Smith will be requested by telegraph to order Gano's brigade, wherever it may be, to report to you or to proceed to Fort Smith by any route Major-General Maxey may designate. Should the commanding officer of Gano's brigade report to you you can direct him to follow on the road which your column will take, or by any other route you may think proper. I shall ask General Smith also to direct Major-General Maxey to send General Cooper's command to Fort Smith, and will state that you will inform General Maxey on what day you will start and on what day you will arrive there. You will at the same time send copies to Major-General Maxey of the inclosed order directing your movement and of this communication. I send to you the papers received through you from Major-General Maxey in order that you may refer to it whenever it may be desirable. I will endeavor to send to you an additional supply of flour as soon as the infantry now ordered on or near Red River can reach their destination, and a portion of their wagons can be spared. For this purpose I shall probably have to call upon the reserve

