
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, Numbers 64. Camden, November 13, 1864.

I. All orders issued from these headquarters relative to furnishing details for labor upon the fortifications are hereby revoked.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

W. F. WRIGHT,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, Numbers 115. Camden, November 13, 1864.

I. Lieutenant C. B. Watkins, Company D, Polk's regiment, is hereby assigned to duty in the pioneer company of this division, and will report without delay to Lieutenant Izard, commanding.

II. Captain A. H. Sevier, assistant inspector-general of division, with the brigade inspectors, will proceed to the Cut-Off on Red River, for the purpose of selecting encampments for the several brigades of this division. If suitable encampments cannot be found at that place, he will select them in the vicinity of Lewisville, Ark.

III. The two brigades of Arkansas infantry, commanded by Brigadier-Generals Tappan and Hawthorn, respectively, will move to-morrow morning at sunrise in the direction of Lewisville, in the following order, alternating each day: First, Brigadier-General Tappan's brigade; second, Brigadier-General Hawthorn's brigade. The trains will move in the rear in the order of their respective commands.

IV. Brigade commanders will see that their men commit no depredations upon the citizens. Soldiers, so offending, will be arrested and sent to Camden for trial. They will also be held responsible for the acts of their men and a strict obedience to this order.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

W. F. WRIGHT,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMDEN, November 14, 1864.

General SMITH,

Commanding Department:

Colonel White reports, 8th instant, that an expedition is certainly on foot in his neighborhood, and that six boat landed at Gaines' Landing day before yesterday. He says, I have no information of their having left that point, but take it for granted the troops passing up the river yesterday were the same. Information has reached here that Fayetteville, Ark., is taken by General Fagan (this I think is true), and that Fort Smith will be (this I think doubtful). If the Fort Smith expedition is given up, I wish to have Parson's brigade at Three Creeks, and send a part of it to carry out your views as to the protection of cotton, which could not be done if the expedition to Fort Smith proceeded. Parsons is now on the march; I therefore wish to know.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

