
SHREVEPORT, November 14, 1864.

General MAGRUDER, Camden:

You are in more direct communication with General Price and know his position. The expedition should start without delay if it can be made in time to afford Price assistance. Dispatches from General Price of the 3rd instant report him at Boonsborough Washington County, Ark. He was then on his way to cross the Arkansas, and would divide his forces in three different columns. He did not state where he expected to cross. You were instructed to communicate with General Maxey, who was ordered to co-operate with you. What arrangements did you make with him for supplies? My letter of November 4 to General Maxey (copy furnished you) contains all the instructions given him. A copy of General Price's letter will be sent you by courier this afternoon.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

CAMDEN, November 14, 1864.

General E. KIRBY SMITH:

GENERAL: I have ordered Wharton to send on [to] Caddo Gap his wagons with flour and beef for General Price. If you will order the commanding officer of Gano's brigade to send his wagons loaded with meal or corn on the Fort Gibson road until he meets General Price and General Maxey to furnish all he can, it will be doing all that can be done at this time. Beef and four must be provided at once from Texas for these additional forces. Over this I have no control. General Price's letter to you of the 3rd instant is the only official document I have heard of. I know nothing of Maxey's supplies. I wrote him on the morning we parted at Lewisville, and heard from him only three days since. I ordered Wharton to move with all dispatch. I ordered him to-night to proceed with two brigades toward Fort Smith via Caddo Gap.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMDEN, November 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Major-Genera Price will return by Fort Smith. Price is said to have a very large force with him. An officer just across the river reports that General Lee has gained the grates victory of the war over Grant. No answer received to my telegram as to sending supplies to General Price. Colonel White states there are 5,000 troops at mouth of White River.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, November 14, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Some time since I informed you that the sources from which Colonel White received his dispatches were not considered perfectly reliable. I have since ascertained that every confidence can be

