
placed in the information obtained through his agents, and is to be relied on, and that Colonel White is an active and useful officer. I send Saint Louis Democrat of the 2nd and Chicago Tribune of same date. These are the first papers received for five or six days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, November 14, 1864.

Major-General WHARTON,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have telegraphed to General Smith to know if the Fort Smith expedition should be given up. He answers in the most unsatisfactory manner, avoiding the question, and has asked me what arrangements I have made with General Maxey as to supplies, a subject with which I had nothing to do except to ask General Maxey, if any, what grass, corn, or supplies could be had on the road to Fort Smith. His answer you know. This answer I had already communicated to proceed to Fort Smith, and asked that he would order the commanding officer of Gano's brigade to report to you by letter, and to direct General Maxey to order General Cooper to meet you at Fort Smith. General Maxey states that this could be done if Cooper were notified "promptly and with certainty," and it seems he betook himself immediately to Boggy Depot, as far out of reach as possible, leaving Gano's brigade, which is within my reach, without orders, as far as known. Such is the result of the co-operation ordered by General Smith. But, let others fail in their duty as they may, I will at least do Smith with a view of relieving General Price is, of course, abandoned, unless General Price be detained beyond our expectations on the north side of the Arkansas, but it is believed he is south of that river. Wherever he may be he must in great need, and if any of his columns be between Fort Smith and Little Rock, as it is probable, those columns may be in danger. I therefore direct you to go with or send the two brigades that are with you and Moseley's battery toward Fort Smith, via Caddo Gap, with provisions for the relief of any of these columns, with orders to the commanding officer to exercise his judgment as to the best means of relieving these columns, or of extricating them from any difficulty in which they may be found. You may go yourself, if you prefer it. I send a letter to Colonel Gurley, commanding Gano's brigade, directing, if he be on the soil of Arkansas, to send on the Fort Gibson road to meet General Price, or wherever he may hear of him, without delay, all the wagons he can possibly spare, loaded with meal or corn, and whatever beeves he can spare; or if he be in the Indian Territory, I requested him to do so, telling him at the same time of your expedition for the same purpose via Caddo Gap. A copy of this letter I inclose to you,* which you will send by your own couriers to Colonel Gurley with the utmost dispatch by night and day; its duplicate I send by the courier-line between Washington and Laynesport, in which I have no confidence. It was not established by

---------------

*Omitted; substance embodied in this letter.

---------------

