
me, and the uncertainties and delays in communicating by it are inexplicable. I saw it was proper General Smith should give these orders to Maxey's troops after what had occurred, but he presented the alternative to me, not in words, but in fact, of making these arrangements in the Indian Territory or trusting to Providence for the relief of General Price's army. You will please cause this movement to be made without a moment's delay. Major Hill informs me that he has an official letter from Major Lanigan, dated Paris, Tex., 6th of November, stating that he had that day turned over 500 head of cattle to the agent of Major J. W. Brown, commissary of subsistence of your division, to be delivered at Fulton. Six days are only necessary for this; eight days have already elapsed. It is presumed they will have reached you ere this. You will not relieve the fifty men stationed at Arkadelphia. Should you not accompany the expedition, you will report in person to these headquarters without delay after having started the expedition, establishing your headquarters without delay after having started the expedition, establishing your headquarters in this vicinity. I have intimation of an expedition to Monticello. If it comes it will be to devastate or get cotton. Just received your dispatch dated 12.30 a. m. this morning, to which the above is an answer.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, November 14, 1864-9 p. m.

Major General J. A. WHARTON,

Commanding Cavalry, Washington, Ark.:

GENERAL: You will dispatch Lane's and Hardeman's brigades and Moseley's battery to Fort Smith, via Caddo Gap, with what cattle you have, supposed to be 400 or 500, leaving all the baggage, sick, and wounded behind and sufficient beef for them. You will make such arrangements as will give you the greatest possible number of wagons of your division, which you will load with flour at Fulton, for the relief of General Price's command, which, General Smith writes me, will cross the Arkansas in three columns. He did not state to General Smith at what points, but I learn that he will cross one column at Fort Gibson, Fagan with another near Van Buren, and it is presumed Shelby will cross at Dardanelle, or he may stay on the north side of the Arkansas River altogether. At all events direct the commanding officer to learn all he can about any column, and to afford all the assistance he can by arms or with supplies. You may accompany the expedition or not as you may think proper. Should you go General Steele will command the remaining cavalry, which I have ordered to stop at Three Creeks. If you go you will order General Steele to report to me. You will cause this movement to be made to Fort Smith without a moment's unnecessary delay. There are 50,000 rations of meal at Arkadelphia, which is within twenty miles of Caddo Gap, and 20,000 at Murfreesborough. This is for the information of the officer in command. Colonel Mitchell is ordered to place his extra wagons at your disposal, to be loaded at Washington subject to your order. Should the commanding officer of the expedition hear of either column passing to his right or left, he will endeavor to open communication with it and afford it supplies. It is supposed you can get some forage and corn on the road for the horses. The men should carry with them on their horses in sacks or in their blankets flour for five days, other-

