HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, November 15, 1864.

Major-General WHARTON,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Since Major-General left I have received other information which leads me to believe that the rumor to the effect that General Fagan and General Price would combine to attack Fort Smith may be true, Canby's troops having ascended White River, as I think to hold Little Rock and Pine Bluff, and that, therefore, Steele must have sent off a large proportion of his troops to Fort Smith, including perhaps his whole cavalry force. Price may be without artillery. I have, therefore, ordered Blocher's two companies to Washington to join you. If they have not arrived do not wait, but leave a regiment there or on the road to escort them. I send another letter to Gurley, commanding Gano's brigade, covering the case of General Maxey having left or given him orders. Should you learn that General Price's forces are safe you can send Blocher's battalion back immediately. He is now at the Cut-Off near Lewisville or on the march to you. Leave or give instructions for his supplies. Please send inclosed to Colonel Gurley by special courier of your own, the letter to Colonel Gurley, which please read and send.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, November 15, 1864.

Brigadier General T. P. DOCKERY,

Commanding Reserve Corps, El Dorado:

GENERAL: The following extract from a letter from General Smith of the 22nd of September, 1864, having been received, viz, "Order have been issued placing the reserve corps in Arkansas at your disposal," you are directed by Major-General Magruder to report to and receive instructions from him.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, November 15, 1864.

Major General S. B. MAXEY,

Commanding Indian Territory:

GENERAL: Your letter dated 11th of November I received to-day at 3 p. m. My letter of the 1st instant, from Lewisville, to you, did not leave until 6 o'clock the next morning(2nd), and it appears reached you at 11 a. m. on the 5th instant. The line between this place or Lewisville and Washington I know to be reliable; that beyond Washington was not, I think, established by me, but by whoever established is reported unreliable. To my letter, which you state you received on the 5th, I received your reply on the 11th. You state in your letter of the 11th that the country contains no forage save grass, and that the frost has destroyed the latter; also, that there no subsistence stores on

