
the road. It would take a very long time to arrange this co-operation between yourself and myself, and we would be too late to serve General Price in any way. The estimates signed by Major Vore, quartermaster of the First Division Indian Troops, and forwarded by you, will require a year to fill, and I doubt if it would be done in that time. Major Vore states if General Cooper's command march as infantry 248 wagons will be required; if it march as cavalry 432 wagons will be required. Major Vore goes on to say that he will require, "outside of the division, brigade, regimental, and ordnance trains, all employed for their own functions," 680 teams, besides, 6,480 sacks, of which I presume not one can be furnished from department headquarters. I have therefore ordered Major-General Wharton to march with two brigades of cavalry and some batteries of artillery without a moment's delay in the direction of Fort Smith, via Caddo Gap and Mount Ida, taking with him beeves and all the flour that his own wagons and those of the neighboring infantry can carry, with orders that his men should live on beef and salt alone in order to keep the breadstuffs for the forces of General Price. I have ordered Colonel Gurley, if in the District of Arkansas, to send all the wagons he could spare loaded with meal or corn, with a small escort, toward the Fort Gibson road, to supply General Price's army. If Colonel Gurley be in the Indian Territory, I have requested him to do so. I subsequently informed him, however, that if he had received any orders from you providing for these matters he will obey them. I hear that Fagan, with a column of troops, will cross the Arkansas River, between Fort Smith and Little Rock, and I am satisfied that General Steele has sent a large force on the Fort Smith road. Canby was taking heavy re-enforcements up White River, when he was badly wounded by guerrillas. There may be danger, therefore, to that portion of Price's army which crossed between Fort Smith and Little Rock, hence I send two of Wharton's brigades with the supplies. This is all the assistance I can render General Price. Of such as you can afford him you will be the judge. I will thank you to send me as early information of Price's movements as you can, and should you hear of his whole army coming through the Indian Territory, please direct Captain Lindsey, the commanding officer at Washington, to inform General Wharton by courier of the fact, sending at the same time the intelligence to me.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,

Numbers 66. Fort Towson, C. N., November 15, 1864.

I. Captain Arnold Syberg, engineer service, having reported to these headquarters in obedience to instructions from department headquarters, is hereby assigned to duty as chief engineer District of Indian Territory. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Major-General Maxey:

T. M. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

