
SHREVEPORT, November 16, 1864.

Major-General MAGRUDER, Camden, Ark.:

General Smith directs that Forney's and Polignac's division be ordered to Minden, La.

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMDEN, November 16, 1864.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Orders directing movement of Forney's and Polignac's divisions to Minden, La., received. Necessary orders given.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, November 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: Major-General Price's troops are returning (not yet reported across the Arkansas) in a state of great demoralization. They will not be fit for doing duty for several weeks after they arrive here. Under these circumstances I particularly request that Major-General Wharton's cavalry may not be ordered away until other cavalry can be substituted for them. Please answer this and let me know what to depend upon in this particular.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding, &amp;c.

CAMDEN, November 16, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: My information is that General Price's army is totally demoralized and would not be able to fight 5,000 men; also that the enemy have re-enforced Fayetteville, Ark. Price has lost all his artillery except four pieces. Three brigades of Arkansas from north of the Arkansas River have deserted; also numerous desertions from the old Missouri troops crossing singly and in parties. I have halted Steele's brigade of cavalry at Three Creeks, near Eldorado. I have ordered Major-General Wharton to send two brigade of cavalry and some artillery with beef and flour via Caddo ap and Mount Ida to assist General Price. I respectfully suggest that General Smith order General Maxey to order Gano's brigade to move to the assistance of General Price through the Indian Territory with corn or meal and to live on beef. I learn that 4,000 of the enemy's troops have advanced as far as Bayou Mason from Gaines' Landing and were stopped there by the rise of the waters. I would respectfully advise that Forney's and Polignac's divisions be not removed farther from the line of the Ouachita until Canby's force shall have returned to Louisiana or until their plans shall have been developed. Please answer.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

