
SHREVEPORT, November 16, 1864.

Major-General MAGRUDER,

Camden, Ark.:

Telegram of 16th received. Polignac's and Forney's divisions are to winter near Minden, near supplies, ready to march as circumstances demand. It is important that no unnecessary delay should take place. Their march from Camden can be delayed, if you are threatened by an advance of the enemy. The engineer companies of these divisions should be ordered immediately here to repair the road to Minden. An officer from each division should also be sent to select winter camp.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, November 16, 1864-9 p.m.

Brigadier-General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: It is stated that Major-General Price has lately received orders from department headquarters to go to Mill Creek. Is this so? An officer (Major Swagerty, C. S. Army) states that a Federal train of 300 to 400 wagons, with 3,000 or 4,000 men, crossed the Arkansas River, at Dardanelle, en route for Fort Smith. A letter has been received from General Fagan which states that General Price would cross at Webber's Falls, on the Arkansas River, on the 1st and 8th, and consequently an effort on my part to relieve him by the Caddo ap road would be fruitless. I calculate that General Price will not reach Red River, in the Indian Territory, much before the 20th. I do not command in that country, and I believe that unless steps are taken to supply his army there his troops will disperse, as they have been doing already (I am told) for want of breadstuffs. I presume I am not expected to send provisions into the Indian country, when it can be done by Gano's brigade, now near Laynesport, and when an order to that effect could be sent to me at any moment by telegram.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, November 16, 1864.

Major-General PRICE,

Commanding Missouri Troops:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Allow me to congratulate you upon your escape from manifold dangers and difficulties. Your great raid has produced important results-stopped the siege of Mobile, concentrated Canby's forces in Arkansas, diverted A. J. Smith's corps from Sherman, and stirred up Yankeedom generally. A column of cavalry with supplies of beef and breadstuffs were about to start to your relief, via Caddo Gap, Mount Ida, &amp;c., when I heard of your crossing the Arkansas at Webber's Falls, and of your probable intention to come through the Indian country. I sent to Paraclifta 400 head of cattle and five loads of salt for you, with orders to go on and meet you should you not be

