
there. You will stop in the neighborhood of Mill Creek in accordance with orders I send you through General Maxey, as well as through the commanding officer of the troops with the beeves.

I am, general, very sincerely, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, November 16, 1864-10 p.m.

Major-General PRICE,

Commanding Missouri Army:

GENERAL: Please march the troops under your command to Mill Creek, on Red River, camping on this side of the river. Supplies of beef, flour, and salt will be ordered to you at that point. As soon as you shall have been supplies with beef and breadstuffs you will continue your march down Red River on the east side, disposing your troops in encampments after you shall have passed down the river, so that they may front the enemy, with their left flank resting on the dividing line between Arkansas and the Indian Territory, and the right flank as far down the river as you may judge best. Please report to me without delay the number and organization of your troops, and their condition as to arms, ammunition, horses, mules, wagons, teams, &amp;c., and particularly whether any portion of the cavalry is fit for use; and if not, when it will be. Should it not be possible to send you flour, you can procure meal on the river about Mill Creek, and probably flour at Clarksville if you have wagons.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding, &c.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Numbers 321. Camden, November 16, 1864.

I. In accordance with instructions from department headquarters the divisions of Major-General Forney and Major-General Polignac will take up the line of march at once for Minden, La. The necessary arrangements will be made by the proper staff officers to supply these divisions on the march. The division commanders will report their arrival at Minden to department headquarters. They will report to these headquarters the time at which they take up the line of march and their arrival at Minden, La.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Magruder:

ED. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS PARSONS' DIVISION,Camden, Ark., November 16, 1864.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding Missouri Expedition:

GENERAL: Allow me to congratulate you on your successful campaign in Missouri. Though you were unable to hold the State, the in-

