
jury you inflicted on the enemy and the large number of recruits brought out by you exceeded my most sanguine calculations. While we all deeply regret your loss of some very valuable officers and gallant soldiers, we look upon your campaign as a brilliant success. My old brigade is here; the other, commanded by Colonel Mitchell, is at Washington. The men are in excellent health and spirits. The news from the East is very cheering. Lee has badly defeated Grant in a five days' engagement. Forrest and Chalmers hold Paducah, Ky. Hood has crossed the Tennessee River, moving north. Our war vessels (the Chickamauga, Tallahassee, and three others) have made sad havoc among the Yankee shipping. Some 45 vessels were destroyed in the course of eight or ten days. One of their war vessels captured. About two weeks since General Canby, while ascending White River with fifteen transports, was shot from the canebrake through the buttocks and testicles. Last accounts was lying at mouth of White River in a very critical condition. Confederate loan has advanced considerable in Europe. A great world's fair is proposed there for the benefit of the Confederate prisoners. I very much suspect that the prisoners will transfer the funds thus realized to the use of the Confederate Navy. Gold recently went up in New York from 208 to 250. It has subsequently receded to 236. We have not received any news of the result of the Federal presidential election, though we have no doubt of the election of Lincoln. I presume,general, that the scarcity of forage and the absolute necessity for more infantry will require the dismounting of the greater part of the force under your command. As you stated to me your purpose before leaving for Missouri was, if you succeeded in recruiting sufficiently, to fill my old regiments to their maximum; a new regiment should be added to my division in order to equalize the brigades. I have now five regiments, one battalion sharpshooters, and two batteries. To fill all to the maximum and form the new regiment would take 5,900 men. I, by your direction, stated to my officers on my return from my last visit to you your intentions on this subject. It was highly satisfactory. They and the men were all content. Only two desertions since you left. After giving the complement of men I ask, I should like very much to see another infantry division organized of Missourians, then take mine and that and make a corps for you. You would have a command of infantry about 20,000 strong, which, drilled and equipped, would be the finest corps in the service. I have had a conversation with Major-General Magruder, and have at his request put my views in the form of a letter to him. I should be pleased to have a line or two from you when you can find time to write.

With great respect and esteem, your friend, truly,

M. M. PARSONS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Towson, C. N., November 16, 1864.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

En route:

GENERAL: I am concentrating supplies at this post (Doaksville) and at Camp Gano (near Laynesport) for the use of so much of your command as may come this way and by Laynesport. The notice was too short to have done a great deal at Boggy Depot. I, however, directed

