
every spare pound to be placed to the use of your command. I wrote you a note to your address at Boggy Depot, inviting you to my quarters should you come this way. As you may not have received it, I renew the invitation. I inclose the latest items of news received here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, November 17, 1864.

Major-General MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Arkansas, Camden, Ark.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the commanding general to write you as follows: Copies of a communication from Major Tracy, commissary of subsistence, with indorsements of Generals Cooper and Maxey, were transmitted to you yesterday. Arrangements have been made for the supply of the command of Major-General Price, moving via Pleasant Bluff, Boggy Depot, and Doaksville. Supplies should be collected by you at the points where you may dispose this force, which should be placed where it can be most readily subsisted. The general commanding has no information as to its character, numbers, or condition, but as to this you will probably be soon advised by General Price. An entire reorganization of that command will probably be necessary. Whatever may be its strength, the commanding general proposes to organize from it two brigades of Missouri and one brigade of Arkansas cavalry. These should be Marmaduke's, Shelby's, and Cabell's, as the oldest and most efficient before the expedition into Missouri. Then remainder of the command, if not already on foot, must be dismounted; the two brigades of Missouri infantry must first be filled; after this another organization of Missouri infantry may be made of any remaining troops. After filling up the cavalry brigade, the surplus Arkansas men should be distributed to the Arkansas infantry regiments; if any then remain, a new Arkansas command may be formed. Absentees from commands,serving in the Trans-Mississippi Department, should be returned to their regiments when circumstances justify it. Upon proper representation of the facts to the department commander, he may make exceptions to this rule. If new organizations of troops are made, it must be done strictly in conformity with the law. Cases are continually arising where it is necessary to change organizations illegally made by district commanders, this to the prejudice of officers and discontent of the men. Any organization not legally made cannot be permanent, and can only give rise to trouble and confusion. It is the wish of the War Department that, first, a brigade should be composed of four or five regiments or battalions from the same State, giving not less than 1,500 or more than 3,000 men for duty; second, a division should be composed of four brigades of infantry or three of cavalry, and, as far as practicable, these brigades should be of troops from different States; third, a corps should be composed of three or more divisions; fourth, the artillery should be organized into battalions of four batteries each, with the field officers allowed by law. This organization the commanding general desires to conform to, as far as practicable, in this department.

The commanding general also instructs me to say that it is his intention only to bring General Wharton's cavalry near Red River for sup-

