HEADQUARTERS McCULLOCH'S BRIGADE,Camp at Hall's Mills, near Mobile, Ala., November 17, 1864.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am now with my brigade serving at this place, under the immediate command of Major General D. H. Maury. The Second Missouri Regiment, which you will remember is now less than 300 men, the War Department will not allow me or any of my subordinate officers to cross the Mississippi River to recruit; here, recruiting for my old regiment is at an end. From the best information we have here you are returning to Arkansas or Louisiana with large supplies of all kinds and many thousands of recruits. Under the circumstances I have the favor to ask, a special and personal one, that you will allow me to receive some 300 or 400 recruits from your overgrown increase. I purpose only to receive volunteers. Doubtless you have many from Cooper, Saline, Pettis, Moniteau, Morgan and adjoining counties who would be willing to come, and I am satisfied this small subtraction would not injure your command. I do not fear a charge of vanity when I say my old regiment has borne an honorable part in this department and sustained itself for valor and endurance and patriotism. I do not wish it to fade away. Give this matter your calm and indulgent consideration, and if not adverse to the views of General E. Kirby Smith, allow me the privilege asked and you will greatly add to your former kindnesses.

I am, general, most sincerely, your friend and obedient servant,

R. McCULLOCH,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Mobile, November 17, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded and earnestly recommended to General Price's favorable action.

There are already several officers of the Second Missouri Cavalry in the Trans-Mississippi Department who may be available in sending recruits over to the regiment.

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Towson, C. N., November 17, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Trans-Mississippi Department, Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: Letter Numbers 4582, directing me to send immediately as many wagons loaded with provisions and as much beef as I can to meet General Price's army on the Fort Gibson road, just received. This was all done several days ago, as will be seen by reference to my letters Nos. 578 and 572. On the 12th (the first day I received any information as to General Price's whereabouts, viz, by Colonel Bell's dispatch forwarded to you) I wrote to General Cooper on that end of the line, "to ascertain certainly this news about Price, and if true render him any assistance in his power," and said to him in same letter," on the receipt of your dis-

