
patch I gave additional orders to commissary of subsistence to hurry forward supplies." Every spare pound of breadstuffs has been set apart for the use of this command. Supplies for the same purpose are being accumulated here and at camp near Laynesport. Price's men have been arriving here for four or five days, singly, in squads, and every way. Their horses are miserably poor, as they say, and many are being abandoned on the prairies. Several days ago I directed General Price to be notified, through his commissary, of arrangements and wrote to him myself. In the same letter you say General Wharton is moving rapidly on Fort Smith, via Caddo Gap. This is my first information on that subject. I inclose extract of letter from Captain Marston recently sent by General Cooper to Fort Smith with flag of truce with General C.'s indorsement. This was received last night. A copy will be sent to General Magruder.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FLAG OF TRUCE,Eight Miles from Scullyville, November 10, 1864.

General COOPER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL:

* * * * *

I have a great deal to report, but nothing very urgent, except that a very well-mounted and reported large (3,000) cavalry [force?] arrived at Fort Smith the day before we left. I saw about forty of their horses; they were first-class. A considerable number of Price's men have deserted and gone with the Federals; thirty-two passed my rear guard yesterday. I met Captain Gunter soon and he took after them, but was unable to overtake them; if I had seen them I would have taken the opportunity to arrest them.

Very respectfully,

B. W. MARSTON,

Captain, &c.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN DIVISION,November 14, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for General Maxey's information, with the suggestion that the cavalry reported is probably the regiment recently at Fayetteville.

Although General Price did not take the place, intercepted dispatches show that Colonel Harrison had orders to fall back to Fort Smith whenever seriously threatened.

D. H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 88. Shreveport, La., November 18, 1864.

General Orders, Numbers 84, is hereby revoked.

By arrangement with the Treasury Department, the chief of the Cotton Bureau is allowed until the 1st of February next to close his

