
mend the placing of one or two guns on Galveston Island and on the mainland covering the approaches to the bridge, and to prevent vessels forcing the eastern pass from gaining a position to shell the bridge. I consider it a matter of vital importance that the four guns from the South Battery should be forwarded without delay to Alexandria. The works there are nearly ready for them to be put in position, and I have evidence that a strong effort will be made to possess the valley of Red River whenever the condition of the water will permit the co-operation of the Mississippi fleet. Colonel French has been ordered to Galveston to superintend the removal of the guns to Alexandria. I wish you to give him every facility your district affords to hasten and secure their safe transit.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., November 18, 1864.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE,

Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of 17th of August asking for a court of inquiry of investigate the facts connected with your defense of the position at Monett's Ferry, on 23rd of April, 1864. Though General Taylor in his official report of operations in the Red River Valley strongly censures your conduct on the occasion above referred to, the general commanding directs to state that your defense of the position at Monett's Ferry was that of a brave and gallant soldier. The river was fordable at various point and he regarded the defense impracticable with the small force at your disposal. A longer delay he believes would have insured the loss of your artillery, and endangered the safety of your command. If after this statement you still desire it, I am instructed to say that a court will be ordered to investigate your official conduct in this affair.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. MEEM, JR.,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., November 18, 1864.

Major-General MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Arkansas, Camden, Ark.:

GENERAL: The disposition of Wharton's cavalry for the winter has been to me a question of serious consideration. My recent visit to Arkansas convinces me that the corn in the upper Red River Valley will barely supply the wants of the cavalry brought from Missouri by General Price. The corn in this neighborhood is largely drawn upon by the troops in the District of Louisiana and should not be depended upon for the support in addition [to that] of Wharton's command. The counties of Nacogdoches, Angelina, and San Augustine, Tex., abound in grain and other supplies. The crops in that section have been large and the depots are full. The division can, I believe, be subsisted there this winter. By referring to the map you will see that the position

