
strategically is good. If operations are resumed this winter by the enemy in force, the Red River Valley or the coast of Texas will be the theater. At the point indicated, communicating by good and direct roads, General Wharton with his command will still be within supporting distance of you should necessity require. The supplies in the district referred to are too remote from the theater of operations to be removed with the means at our disposal, and their consumption on the spot by Wharton's command, besides rendering them available, relieves a country already largely drawn upon, and which must be the main dependence of the army if operations are resumed in Red River. These considerations, and consultations with the chiefs of the subsistence and quartermaster's departments, have modified the views expressed in the communication sent you yesterday. You will issue the necessary orders for the march of Wharton's division as soon as Price's command has been placed in position, directing General Wharton to establish his camp in Nacogdoches County. The change should be made with as little delay as practicable. Should the condition of General Price's command render it necessary one brigade of General Wharton's division can be retained in Arkansas until the Arkansas and Missouri cavalry are in a state to relieve it. It is suggested that General Steele, as senior officer, might with his brigade be retained for such temporary service.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., November 18, 1864.

Major-General MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Arkansas, Camden:

GENERAL: On my recent trip to Washington, Ark., I found that General Dockery's command of the Reserve Corps which had been called into camp were with difficulty subsisted, and that their conduct was complained of by the people in the neighborhood. The movement on Little Rock having been abandoned the necessity for calling the Reserve Corps into the field no longer existed. I directed General Dockery in a note to send these men home, to allow them to sow wheat and attend to civil and domestic duties necessary for the common weal. I object to calling the Reserve Corps into the field. It would be ruinous in its effect upon some of the most important interests in the country, and should not be resorted to except in emergency, and the men should be returned to their homes as quickly as possible. I have written to General Dockery directing him to report the organization of the Reserve Corps as soon as he has perfected it.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

JACKSON, November 18, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General:

One of General Buckner's staff officers, sent by order of General E. Kirby Smith, has just arrived at my headquarters with the information that the last key-word of cipher has undoubtedly been discovered by

