
These different organizations will be known and designated as herein expressed, and no change whatever therein will be made except from department headquarters on the recommendation of the chief of artillery Trans-Mississippi Department.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,

Numbers 80. Camden, Ark., November 19, 1864.

I. Brigadier General William Steele, cavalry, is hereby assigned to the command of the district of country comprised between the Arkansas, the Mississippi, the Moro, and the Ouachita Rivers, and between Arkansas and White Rivers below Pine Bluff and Devall's Bluff.

II. Brigadier-General Steele will take post with his command at some point between Hamburg and Bastrop, La., as near Hamburg and as far to the front as he can subsist his command, but drawing his supplies to support his troops as far as practicable from Louisiana. He will send a regiment to assist Captain Polk, assistant quartermaster, cotton office, in accordance with orders from department headquarters which will render such assistance to Captain Polk as he may desire, and which may be practicable. In addition to these duties, Brigadier-General Steele will instruct the commanding officer of this regiment to find out all irregular organizations or bodies of men said to be operating in that region of country. He will cause the commanding officer of this regiment to make known the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 79, from these headquarters, of this date, modifying paragraph II, Special Orders, Numbers 293, October 19, 1864, to all irregular organizations or bodies of men, and will assemble them and send them, under proper escort, to these headquarters. These orders will embrace all men between the ages of seventeen and fifty. On their arrival at Camden, the major-general commanding will cause them to be organized in accordance with law, and will send such of legal organizations back to the country as he may deem best, directing them to report to Brigadier-General Steele, or such military commander as may have charge of that section of country, so as to secure the proper responsibility and to relieve the citizens from the impositions and injuries which many irresponsible men have inflicted upon them. If Brigadier-General Steele finds that one regiment is insufficient for the above purposes, and the supplies in the country will justify it, he will increase this force.

III. Brigadier-General Steele will also use the rest of his command to abate the evils, and to carry out the orders on this subject from district headquarters.

By command of Major General J. Bankhead Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

