
division will be drawn up in two lines. Brigadier-General McNair and Roane will occupy the first, and Brigadier-General Tappan and Hawthorn the second line. It is expected that the brigades will be upon the ground a half hour before hour designated.

II. Impressments of forage will be resorted to under no circumstances by the brigade quartermasters and commissaries of this division, or their agents, unless specially ordered from these headquarters.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Churchill:

B. S. JOHNSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Towson, C. N., November 20, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Trans-Mississippi Department, Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: Tyler's brigade (recruits), Price's army, camped last night thirty miles west of here, and I am advised by note from Colonel Tyler are ordered to Clarksville. My courier informs me Fagan camped last night thirty miles northwest of here, near Caffrey's, and that General Price will go through Boggy Depot. I have not been advised by General Price what roads he will send his troops, and hence can do but little more than accumulate supplies at the principal depots, though I am sending wagons loaded up the main road they ought to be on to this place via Caffrey's. Lieutenant Colonel Cearnal, who is serving with Colonel Tyler, informs me that Freeman's, Dobbin's, McCray's, and a portion of Jackman's brigades and Coffee's regiment, went down White River. If this be so they will have a pleasant time with the re-enforcements recently reported under Canby on that river. I am told that Fagan's division (with exception of McCray's and Dobbin's brigades), Clark's division (except Freeman's brigade), Shelby's division, and Colonel Tyler's brigade are in this district. Wood's Missouri battalion has just arrived. I cannot report officially the movements, but only such information as I get.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

Since writing above I have received inclosed copy of latter from General Price; copies are sent Generals Wharton and Magruder.

MAXEY.

[Inclosure.]

BOGGY DEPOT, November 18, 1864.

Major-General MAXEY:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General Price to acknowledge the receipt of your letters of the 14th and 15th instant and to express to you his grateful acknowledgments for supplying the wants of his troops as well as your invitation to himself. A portion only of the command will go by Doaksville, Major-General Fagan and escort and Colonel C. H. Tyler with his brigade of recruits. The latter is directed to report at Clarksville, Tex. General Price himself, with the commands of General Shelby

