
before Memphis, and in response to a call on me for re-enforcements I sent up yesterday about 4,000 men. This leaves at this point but three negro regiments, one white regiment, and one battery artillery. In consequence of this change you will immediately embark your entire command, together with transportation, tents, garrison and camp equipage, and proceed without delay to Devall's Bluff, Ark., and report to the commanding officer at that point. You will stop every boat bound down until you have secured enough to transport your command, relieving them as soon as possible. Rations and forage will be up as soon as they are relieved at Memphis.

By order of Brigadier General E. S. Dennis:

WM. E. KUHN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, October 19, 1864-12.15 p. m.

Major General F. STEELE,

Little Rock:

The troops that came yesterday belong to the First Brigade, Third Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, and came from Morganza. I learn that more are coming from the Lower Mississippi. I sent the following dispatch yesterday to Captain Dyer, and requested a copy to be furnished you:

OCTOBER 18, 1864-11 a. m.

Colonel Dye, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, Nineteenth Corps, has just come up with Twentieth Iowa Infantry. The Twenty-third Iowa and Thirty-fifth Wisconsin are behind. They have shelter-tents and two wagons to a regiment.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

LITTLE ROCK, October 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General CLAYTON:

Major White has just come through and reports the Annie Jacobs hard aground at Remington's plantation, eighteen miles below here.

JNO. F. LACEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., October 19, 1864.

Colonel S. H. WATTLES,

Commanding Indian Brigade, Fort Gibson, C. N.:

SIR: I have just received information from Cassville, via Fayetteville, to the effect that Price is marching on Springfield, and I am informed also that he contemplates coming via Fayetteville. You will therefore, upon receipt of this, without a moment's delay, send Colonel Williams with his command, viz, First Kansas Colored, Fifty-fourth U. S. Colored, and the section of First Arkansas Battery, to this place. Direct Colonel Williams to march just as rapidly as his troops can stand it. You

