
insufficient. In this I am borne out by the earnest appeals from every commander. The beef when issued is nearly always poor and the bone constitutes the greater part of the weight given the men.

Great want of stationery exists throughout the district to such an extent even that it is impossible to furnish regimental headquarters with copies of orders from superior headquarters.

I am satisfied that the deficiency of clothing and shoes on hand is in a measure due to company officers not paying attention to its preservation by the men, who frequently sell it as soon as issued. On this, however, I have already written you, asking the publication of thirty-sixth, thirty-seventh, and thirty-eighth Articles of War, and General Orders, Numbers 29, Adjutant and Inspector-General's Office, March 5, 1864.

Respectfully, general, I am your obedient servant,

W. C. SCHAUMBURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Towson, C. N., November 22, 1864.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding Army of Missouri, en route, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to inclose a copy of a letter received by me this morning from Major-General Magruder. I also forward by the courier an official communication to your address that came in this morning's mail.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, November 16, 1864-10 p.m.

Major-General MAXEY, Commanding Indian Territory:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that Major Swagerty, C. S. Army, states that 400 wagons, escorted by 4,000 troops, crossed the river at Dardanelle on the 6th instant en route to Fort Smith. I have seen a letter from General Fagan, dated near Webber's Falls, Arkansas River, 5th instant, which satisfied me that General Price has crossed with his whole army at that point, and that he will pass through your Territory. The letter does not state what route he will take. It is out of my power to afford him any relief in your Territory. I had ordered General Wharton to march to his relief with two brigades of cavalry and a train loaded with flour on the Caddo Gap road; but as General Price has crossed the Arkansas River long since, and as Fort Smith has been largely re-enforced and provisioned, the expedition against that place will not be undertaken by me. I respectfully suggest, however, that as Gano's brigade is presumed to be near forage a portion of his wagons might be sent to supply General Price with corn or meal. He is greatly in want of breadstuffs, and his army may disperse unless it is supplied. Please send me the earliest certain intelligence you may receive of General Price. I will think you to direct General Price from me to march his army to Mill Creek.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding, &c.

