
judge to be best for forage. Brigadier-General Steele has already gone to that country, and his headquarters will be between Hamburg, Ark., and Bastrop, La., as near to Hamburg as he may find forage. At this point in Ashley County the brigade will probably be concentrated. You will open communication immediately by courier with General Steele, and will be guided by his instructions. Send a courier to General Magruder at Lewisville, acknowledging receipt of these orders, which will be delivered by Private Jackson, Company I, Parsons' regiment. Your best route to Ashley County, will probably be by Scottsville, Hillsborough, and Marine Saline. The commanding officer will be held responsible that not the smallest depredation is committed.

Respectfully,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 89. Shreveport, La., November 24, 1864.

The following proclamation of the President is republished for information in this department:

PROCLAMATION.

APPOINTING A DAY FOR PUBLIC WORSHIP.

It is meet that the people of the Confederate States should, from time to time, assemble to acknowledge their dependence on Almighty God, to render devout thanks to His Holy name, to bend in prayer at His footstool, and to accept, with fervent submission, the chastening of His Allwise and Allmerciful Providence.

Let us, then, in temples and in the field, unite our voices in recognizing, with adoring gratitude, the manifestations of His protecting care in the many signal victories with which our arms have been crowned; in the fruitfulness with which our land has been blessed, and in the unimpaired energy and fortitude with which. He has inspired our hearts and strengthened our arms in resistance to the iniquitous designs of our enemies.

And let us not forget that while graciously vouchsafing to us His protection, our sins have merited and received grievous chastisement; that may of our best and bravest have fallen in battle; that many others are still held in foreign prisons; that large districts of our country have been devastated with savage ferocity, the peaceful homes destroyed, and helpless women and children driven away in destitution; and that with fiendish malignity the passions of a service race have been excited by our foes into the commission of atrocities from which death is a welcome escape.

Now, therefore, I, Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederate States of America, do issue this my proclamation, setting apart Wednesday, the 16th day of November next, as a day to be specially devoted to the worship of Almighty God; and I do invite and invoke all the people of these Confederate States to assemble on the day aforesaid, in their respective places of public worship, there to unite in prayer to our Heavenly Father that He bestow His favor upon us; that He extend over us the protection of His Almighty arm; that He sanctify His chastisement to our improvement, so that we may turn away evil paths and walk righteously in His sight; and that He may restore peace to our beloved country, healing its bleeding wounds, and securing to us the continued enjoyment of our own right to self-government and independence, and that He will graciously hearken to us while we ascribe to Him the power and glory of our independence.

Given under my hand and the seal of the Confederate States, at Richmond, this 26th day of October, in the year of our Lord 1864.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

By the President:

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of State.

