
infantry is in reserve near Lewisville. Forney's and Polignac's divisions have gone, and Wharton's cavalry are about to move toward Texas. Price's command is terribly disorganized, and not in a fit condition to fight any body of men.

The above is respectfully submitted for the information of the commanding general.

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding District of Arkansas.

P. S.-Forney's and Polignac's divisions had commenced moving before I heard of the movements of Curtis and Blunt. I am extremely anxious that Wharton's cavalry should also march as soon as their trains return from carrying provisions to the relief of Price's command, and shall send them, should I not hear of a forward movement on the part of the enemy. With Curtis and the cavalry from Little Rock, the garrison at Fort Smith would number 10,000 men, and I think that Curtis will either have to move forward, or back, or go to Little Rock, on account of the want of supplies at Fort Smith.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Estimate of forces at Fort Smith: Curtis, 3,000; cavalry from Little Rock, 3,000, and original garrison, 4,000, making 10,000 in all.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Towson, C. N., November 17, 1864.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I inclose an extract of a letter* from Captain B. W. Marston, acting assistant adjutant-general, Cooper's division, recently sent to Fort Smith with flag of truce. I also send indorsement* of General Cooper on said letter. The estimate (3,000) I think entirely too great. If they have any 3,000 loose cavalry floating about in that country I have never met it. They have none at Fort Gibson, and but one regiment, Harrison's Arkansas cavalry, at Fayetteville. I think it altogether likely that it is the Fayetteville cavalry. Price's men are arriving here daily by squads. I suppose the main body will reach here in a few days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

I was advised by letter of 15th, received this morning from department headquarters, that General Wharton was rapidly moving on Fort Smith, via Caddo Gap. This was my first information.

MAXEY.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY,Bonham, Tex., November 24, 1864.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 16th instant and this point, and as my letters to depart-

*See p. 1059.

