
a squadron of cavalry, if possible, to Princeton. The people in that section are very desponding and express a willingness to support a force of 400 or 500 cavalry. I do not think they can support so large a force, but think they can furnish subsistence for a squadron. The squadron left at Princeton was drawn in to a point eighteen miles from here, where it now is.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Washington, November 27, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Gurley's brigade is near Laynesport, in Arkansas. In the event the enemy advance it is most important that this brigade move promptly to the front. The commanding officer of the brigade will not obey my order direct. Too much delay would be occasioned to send an order through General Maxey for the brigade to move in such a case. Will you please instruct General Maxey to give such directions to the commanding officer of Gurley's brigade as will enable me to move it in an emergency? I will not require it to move except it is absolutely necessary, and will then give General Maxey information of my action.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Washington, November 27, 1864.

Major J. B. BURTON,

Chief Quartermaster, District of Arkansas:

MAJOR: Major-General Magruder directs that you make requisition immediately upon the chief quartermaster Trans-Mississippi Department for the necessary transportation to supply all the troops in this district with their regular allowance, and to supply all the troops in this district with their regular allowance, and to supply the different depots and posts with requisite amount to supply the wants of the army. In estimating the forces under Major-General Price they will be stated to be 15,000. General Price has with this force about fifty wagons, all unfit for present service. He desires you to state that no more transportation can be impressed in this district, and to forward the requisition through him to department headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. S. HILL,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Numbers -. Washington, November 28, 1864.

I. Major-General Price, with his command, having been placed in this district by orders from department headquarters, he will march his

