
troops to Laynesport, and on arriving there will dispose his forces so that his left flank will rest on Laynesport, and his right flank down the Red River, facing toward the enemy.

II. After establishing his camp Major-General Price will report in person to the commanding general at Washington, bringing with him a report of the number and organization of his troops, and also a report of his arms, accouterments, and ammunition on hand.

By command of Major-General Magruder:

W. A. ALSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Washington, Ark., November 28, 1864.

Major General S. PRICE,

Commanding Missouri Troops:

MY DEAR GENERAL: You will allow my great interest in your successes and movements to plead my apology for writing to you this second time. I am in perfect Babel here; all is confusion and conflict in reports. I had fondly, yet vainly, [hoped] that when officers came in we should know it all just as it was; but it grows worse, for we have reports still worse at variance. Johnny Bull is foaming about to settle a few false reports, and they down at his bidding, but, like the heads of Medusa, others come up. We are thus left in painful suspense as to the truth of all we hear. I do wish I could see you. There are a great many men belonging to your command coming in. I order them all to report to a camp that I have established at Fulton. I am anxious that these men should be kept together, that the full fruits of your expedition may be set down to your credit. If these men scatter and are conscribed and sent to different commands you will lose them entirely. I had hoped to see orders from you calling them into camp. If you desire to do so I will afford you every facility in my power to disseminate the order. We have a large printing office here, and I will attend to the printing and distribution of them. Anything I can do, my dear general, to aid you in any respect will be done most cheerfully. It is reported here upon pretty good authority that heavy re-enforcements have been received at Little Rock, and that quite a force of cavalry has been assembled at Fort Smith. It seems hardly probable that an advance should be made at this time; but of this I can form a poor conjecture. Last reports from Lincolndom give the rail-splitter a majority in all the States, Ohio giving a majority of 75,000. Hood is marching on Chattanooga and Sherman has been largely re-enforced-such is the Yankee report. Ewell, in the Valley, has been re-enforced and threatens Pennsylvania and Maryland. Sheridan is near Winchester. There is nothing late from Richmond. McClellan resigned on the 10th instant. I believe this is all the news of to-day. Mrs. Lindsey sends her highest regards and is very anxious to see you and your sons. Remember me most kindly to my friends.

I am, general, truly, yours,

D. HERNDON LINDSEY.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 91. Shreveport, La., November 28, 1864.

The following-named officers are assigned to duty at department headquarters: Lieutenant Colonel J. F. Belton, adjutant-general's department,

