
assistant adjutant-general, from November 8, 1864; Major P. B. Leeds, consolidated Eighteenth Louisiana Infantry, as acting assistant adjutant-general.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 92. Shreveport, La., November 29, 1864.

I. So much of General Orders, Numbers 51, current series, from these headquarters, as permits enrolling officers to detail conscripts for the Cotton Bureau, is hereby revoked. Officers and agents of the Cotton Bureau will immediately report those now in their employ and apply for their regular detail, otherwise the men will be sent to the field.

II. Officers and agents for the Labor Bureaus, whose duties require them to be mounted, will be allowed forage for one horse, when the horse is actually in service.

III. Depots for recaptured slaves, under the act of Congress approved October 13, 1862, are established at the following camps of instruction:

Washington, Ark., Shreveport, La., Rusk, Tex., Houston, Tex.

Doaksville, C. N., is designated as the depot for all slaves captured in the Indian Territory, and the commanding officer of that district will take the steps necessary under General Orders, Numbers 25, Adjutant and Inspector-General's Office, 1863.

IV. The attention of all officers interested is called to General Orders, Numbers 23, current series, from these headquarters, in reference to the detail of able-bodied men. On and after the 1st of January, 1865, the law will be strictly enforced.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, November 29, 1864.

Lieutenant General S. B. BUCKNER,

Commanding District of West Louisiana, Alexandria, La.:

GENERAL: Forney's and Polignac's divisions are reported to have arrived at Minden. They are there, subject to your orders. I think it best that these commands should winter at Minden, where they are near supplies and in a healthy locality. They are within sixty miles by the direct route of Campti and can be ordered below whenever the enemy's concentration indicates a renewal of operations in Red River Valley. Wharton's cavalry has been ordered to the vicinity of the Trinity River, and will winter in Polk, Angelina, or Trinity Counties, Tex., where supplies and forage are abundant where they can move to your support by the Burr's Ferry road, or to Walker's, via Houston, whenever the disposition of the enemy may make it necessary. General Wharton is instructed to keep up the depots of supplies to the Sabine on the roads leading to Red River. The depots in your district between Burr's Ferry and Alexandria should at all times be supplied with forage and provisions. I expect operations will be resumed by

