
the enemy this winter, either on the coast of Texas or in the valley of Red River. In order to facilitate the concentration of troops, supplies should be kept in depots as far as practicable on the roads leading from Alexandria to Niblett's Bluff and Burr's Ferry. I desire that you will expedite as much as possible the transportation of the heavy guns ordered from Galveston to Alexandria.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Camp 85, at Clarksville, November 29, 1864.

Major General J. B. Magruder,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you for orders as instructed by the department commander. Since my last communication to you of the-instant three brigades have arrived at this point, where I will remain to-morrow for the purpose of resting the stock and giving the men an opportunity of washing, and I will then move to Laynesport, where I have instructed several detachments that have come from Missouri to rendezvous. My ordnance trains were so broken down that I turned over all the ordnance stores that I could spare at Boggy Depot and my command is now without any more than is requisite for guard duty; the artillery is now hauled by oxen and the horses of the command utterly useless until recruited. Field returns will be forwarded as soon as practicable. No general orders have been received from the District of Arkansas, Trans-Mississippi, or War Department since the 28th of August last.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION,

Numbers 70. Camp Lee, November 29, 1864.

I. The following extract from General Orders 71, Adjutant and Inspector-General's Office, Richmond, Va., current series, is republished for the information of all officers concerned:

VI. Officers holding appointments on the general staff as assistant adjutant and inspectors general, quartermasters and assistant quartermasters, commissaries, and assistant commissaries, surgeons and assistant surgeons, will report by letter to this office with the least delay practicable, setting forth their rank, corps, position, and present assignment to duty and by what authority assigned, and changes which may hereafter take place in their assignment will in like manner be immediately reported by them to this office. A non-compliance with this order will subject the officer concerned to a discharge from the service.

II. Paragraphs II and III, General Orders 62, from this office, are hereby revoked and the following substituted: Upon all applications for furloughs officers will certify to the number of men present in their companies, how many absent on leave under General Orders 81, and how many absent without leave. They will state if the applicant is a good soldier or not, whether he has his gun and accouterments, and the condition in which they are kept. No application will be approved

