
SAINT LOUIS, October 19, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS, Chief of Staff, &amp;c.:

Colonel Holmes stopped, with the 250 men I sent up the North Missouri road last evening, at Warrenton, to endeavor to find out if Bill Anderson was in that region; and, if so, to pursue him with that command from there. He reported from Mexico at 7 this morning that he had stopped at Warrenton, and could hear nothing of any rebel force in that region, and therefore went on. I think he should march at once on the force reported at Fayette, and have suggested it to him.

THOS. EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

TIPTON, MO., October 19, 1864.

General EWING:

Don't believe there is any force at Fayette, unless McDaniel's command from Monroe County has passed over there. Communicate with Colonel Forbes about this. If he has informed of a force at Fayette, move promptly and attack them. They can start at midnight.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, October 19, 1864.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS, Chief of Staff, Jefferson City:

I get the following additional from Major Williams, at Pilot Knob: Fagan's division had four brigades, under Generals Cabell and McCray and Colonels Dobbin and Slemons. Cabell's brigade was composed of Morgan's, Monroe's, Hill's, and Gordon's regiments, each 500 men; Harrell's and Witherspoon's battalions, each 200 men, and Hughey's battery, five 6-pounders and one 12-pounder howitzer. McCray's brigade was composed of Coleman's, Crandall's, Reves', and

Baber's regiments, and Anderson's battalion. Slemons' brigade was composed of Wright's, Crawford's, and two Arkansas regiments and Gentry's battery, two guns. Dobbin's brigade was composed of McGhee's battalion and Zimmerman's battery, two guns, a 6 and 12-pounder. Marmaduke's division had two brigades, under General J. B. Clark and Colonel Freeman. Clark's brigade was composed of the following: Kitchen's, Greene's, Burbridge's, Lawther's, Jeffers', and Wood's regiments, and Slayback's battalion and Pratt's and Harris' batteries. I cannot learn anything of Freeman's brigade or Shelby's or Cooper's divisions. Fagan's adjutant-general is at Pilot Knob wounded;w ill give no information.

THOS. EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 19, 1864-9 a. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER, La Mine:

Unload the cars at the bridge and send the trains back and report why orders sent to you and given in person have not been obeyed. You must use your discretion in getting the trains back without delay.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

