
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS POST, Numbers 1. Jefferson City, October 19, 1864.

I. The undersigned, having been appointed to the command of this post, hereby assumes command from this date.

II. All orders heretofore issued will remain in force until further orders.

By order of Colonel C. D. Wolff, brigadier-general, commanding post:

LOUIS LIPMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEDALIA, October 19, 1864-12 m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Dispatch from Sanborn, dated 7 a. m., reports enemy have all passed through Marshall, moving northwesterly. The rebels left Marshall yesterday morning. Force is estimated by Union men at 20,000. These passed through Marshall last Sunday. There is no doubt that the main force is now in or near Lexington. Not probable that they will remain there over to-day, as nearly all property, public and private, has been removed. There is no enemy in the direction of Warrensburg. Cavalry moved this morning to the position indicated in your dispatch of last night. Neither Brown nor McNeil had yet joined their commands. Later dispatches from Catherwood, 7.40 a. m., state the scouts just in from [within] five miles of Waverly. Followed rebel patrol to main picket. Citizens report Marmaduke, Shelby, and Price at Waverly. Some 400 of Marmaduke's men north of the river. No general move of enemy has been made up to daylight.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,October 19, 1864-9 p. m.

Major-General SMITH:

GENERAL: I send you a copy of a letter from General Brown which gives important information. I have directed McNeil to move to the crossing of the Kirkpatrick's Mills and this road, but still think your position will be best at Brownsville, as you can support either General Brown on that flank or Sanborn, at Cook's Store, to which place you have a direct road. Unless I am certain the enemy moved east I will remain here to-morrow. If the news is favorable I will push on. Please let me hear from you when you reach Brownsville.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,Brownsville, October 19, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Sedalia:

COLONEL: A citizen whose statements can be relied on left Waverly about 11 a. m. to-day; reports that all Price's army train and artillery passed there last night and this morning, going west. Another who

