HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS

WASHINGTON, DECEMBER 5, 1864.

Major General J. F. Fagan:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you will, as soon as the brigade of your division ordered to rendezvous at Eldorado has assembled, order one regiment to relieve Giddings' regiment cavalry, Steele's brigade, which is under orders from department headquarters to march to Texas soon as relieved. This regiment is stationed between Camden and Monticello, a large portion of it being on picket on the roads leading from Camden toward the enemy. You will order another regiment, in accordance with orders from department headquarters, to report to Captain Polk, assistant quartermaster in charge of cotton, to assist him in carrying out his instructions from Shreveport, and to proceed to such points as the business of Captain Polk may require them to be. The remainder of the brigade will take post at some point between Hamburg, Ashley County, and Bastrop, La., whenever the commanding officer may find it most easy to procure subsistence and forage, making his camp, however, in Arkansas, if possible. The commanding officer of this brigade will take command of the sub-district which has been commanded heretofore by Brigadier-General Steele, and the limits of which he will ascertain by applying to Lieutenant Colonel E. P. Turner, assistant Adjutant-General, District headquarters, Camden, Ark. Speedy execution of this order is desirable.

E. P. TURNER

Assistant Adjutant-General.

__________________________
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,Camp on Red River, December 5, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel Maclean,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: My command is encamped immediately on Red River between the plantations of Paxton and Creswell, some ten miles below Laynesport. The camp is a good one so far as wood and water are concerned, but forage is not so abundant as desired for a permanent camp, but may be all that is necessary, depending on the length of time we are to stay here. From the best information I can get there is from 12,000 to 15,000 bushels of corn within a circuit of five miles; the greater part of it on the two plantations above named. Taking the above as the basis we can remain here from twenty to thirty days. I desire very much to know as soon as possible the length of time we are to remain here so as to put the men to building huts if time will justify. I respectfully call the attention of the major-general commanding to the total want of axes in this division. We are also in almost absolute want of cooking utensils and clothing. None have been issued for a great while. We want especially shoes, underclothing, and pants. I will send up a report showing the great deficiency, if it is desired. I suppose we are about ten miles from Richmond.

JNO. B. CLARK, JR.

Brigadier-General, Commanding division.

P. S. - I forgot to mention that the roads in this vicinity are in very bad condition and will be almost impassable if we should have much rain.

Yours, &amp;c.,

JNO B. CLARK, JR.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

