HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Washington, December 6, 1864.

Major-General PRICE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The commanding general has written to General Smith for authority to move your command to Clarksville, Tex., in consequence of the statement contained in your letter of the 3rd instant. In the meantime every exertion will be made to provide for the immediate wants of the command. Gurley's brigade having come into this district without his knowledge (until recently) or his consent, he was not aware that he occupied a portion of the line marked out for you. It is much to be regretted that they should have preoccupied the country around Laynesport, and consumed so much of the neighboring resources. General orders from department headquarters and Richmond will be sent you from district headquarters at Camden.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. ALSTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[DECEMBER 7, 1864. - For Seddon to Hardee, transmitting dispatch to E. Kirby Smith, relative to crossing of troops to aid Hood, &c,. see Part I, p. 123.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, December 7, 1864,

Brigadier General E. GREER,

Marshall, Tex.;

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that he wishes to see you in person upon the subject of the Reserve Corps and collection of the slaves in Texas. From General Walker's letter, inclosed to you in letter 4696 November 28, 1864, from this office it would seem that the enrolling officers have not been sufficiently active in the collection of negroes. The State of Texas should furnish 4,000 or 5,000 hands, and unless he can gather them immediately it will be impossible to carry on the defensive works of the department. He desires you to give this matter immediate attention, and to be able to give him some definite information on the subject when you come down. He also desires you to bring the organization of the Reserve Corps.

I am, general, very respectfully,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT

Shreveport, December 7, 1864.

Major-General MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 3rd instant is received. I agree with you the Ouachita and Little Missouri Rivers are the true line of defense, and had already directed the necessary works to be constructed at the

