
for arms for your command. You cannot rely upon blockade-runners into Texan ports for a supply. When funds arrive the troops will be paid. I am in hopes they will be soon received.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Washington, December 7, 1864.

Major-General PRICE:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires to know your views on the subject of the reorganization of the forces now under your command, including all branches of the service. The command of Colonel Brooks will be however omitted in this reorganization, being raised by special authority from department headquarters. He desires that you will bear in mind, when submitting your plan, that it is urged by the commanding general of the department and is also rendered very necessary from the want of supplies, that the cavalry should be reduced as much as possible. Those regiments best disciplined and officered should be retained as cavalry and sent into Texas for the winter, and the remainder dismounted and placed-the Missourians with General Parsons' division, and the Arkansas with General Churchill's division. The commanding general directs that you furnish your proposed plan as soon as you can carefully prepare it, as it is extremely desirable to expedite the organization.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. ALSTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR LAYNESPORT, December 8, 1864-9 p.m.

Major GEORGE A. GALLAGHER, Provisional Army, C. S..,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

DEAR MAJOR: I send an official letter stating that I will move to-morrow. I dislike to do so very much without orders, but I am sure it is right and therefore must go ahead. The probability of being ordered back to Clarksville is the only reason why I should not move, and from what I can learn the corn is downstream. Allow me to congratulate you upon your return to duty, for I positively heard that you were either dead or captured or Pocahontas, and so reported to all who have asked after you. I will see you in a few days.

Yours, respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, December 9, 1864.

Major-General MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: Great fears seem to be entertained by the people on Red River near the line of the Indian Territory, that their forage will be consumed by the horses of Price's cavalry, and that they themselves will

