
be subjected to impositions and outrages from the troops. The most sure relief will be to hasten the reorganization of Price's command and to put the largest possible number of men in the infantry. Every man without a horse should be immediately transferred before he has time to mount himself at the expense of the country, already too much reduced in agricultural resources. From all the information gathered, I believe that command now better prepared to receive an order dismounting it than it will ever be again. I am now of opinion that not more than two brigades of cavalry should be retained-one should be Shelby's; the interest of the service should decide you whether the other should be Marmaduke's or Cabell's. These two brigades, together with the small one of Arkansas cavalry already serving in your district (Logan and Newton Counties), should be placed under a strict disciplinarian. General Fagan is disposable and of all others in your district best fitted for the command. General Price will be placed in command of the Missouri infantry, which, with additions received, will probably form three good brigades. The promotion of General Parsons not having been approved by the President he will have to resume the command of his original brigade, with his former rank. I desire, general, that you will give your personal attention to the reorganization of Price's command. Promptly execute it and report your action for my approval.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 95. Shreveport, La., December 9, 1864.

I. No officer or agent in the military service will pay rents or employees in specie, without special authority from department headquarters.

II. Surg. Howard Smith, Provisional Army, C. S. is announced as medical purveyor for the Trans-Mississippi Department.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Washington, December 9, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: In answer to your communication of the 3rd instant, I have the honor to report that the whole of Major-General Wharton's command have left this district en route for Nacogdoches, Tex., except Carter's regiment, of Steele's brigade, which will follow the rest of the command as soon as it can be relieved, which will be in a few days. I beg leave, in view of the contemplated invasion of the coast of Texas by the enemy, to reiterate my recommendation that Houston be fortified without delay, and in the strongest manner, and that the works at Galveston be strengthened.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

