
WASHINGTON, ARK., December 9, 1864.

General S. B. BUCKNER:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have just arrived at this point from my field of service in Missouri, and desire that one of my first acts shall be to tender to you my congratulations for your well-merited promotion which was announced during my absence. This recognition of your services, though so long delayed, is as gratifying to your many friends as it is just to you. Missourians have a strong attachment for Confederate Kentuckians. The feeling common to both that the tread of the tyrant pollutes their homes is a bond of union, and they are glad to welcome you as a commander who can sympathize with them. That you may yet strike a blow for Missouri is the earnest desire of,

You sincere friend,

STERLING PRICE.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S DIVISION,Carr's Plantation, Friday, December 9, 1864-10 p.m.

Colonel L. A. MACLEAN, Provisional Army, C. S.,

Asst. Adjt. General, Price's Corps d'Armee, Richmond, Ark.:

COLONEL: I have come this far hunting corn upon the representations of the people that there was an abundance in this neighborhood, but I am sadly disappointed and find but three days' rations here and none other in several miles, and therefore, as we have no transportation, we will be compelled to move again on Sunday or Monday. I have made inquiry as to the country between this place and the mouth of Little River, on the Arkansas side of Red River, and am assured that Wharton's command exhausted it, before he left, of all corn; and that our only hope is on the Texas side of the river if we must remain above Fulton. I send this information as it may influence orders that may be issued to me.

I have the honor to be, yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON.

Brigadier-General Commanding.

WASHINGTON, ARK., December 10, 1864

Colonel W. A. ALSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

In reply to your letter, in which the major-general commanding desires my views regarding the organization of the forces under my command, I have the honor to state that I fully agree with the department commander in his dismounting many of those troops, and am glad to say that among the officers and men themselves there is a growing sentiment in favor of it, those now present recognizing the great deficiency of subsistence and undue proportion of that arm of the service, yet as many thousands are still to report, embracing those brigades of Arkansas troops north of the Arkansas River and large bodies and squads of men still reporting from Missouri; even last evening General Shelby received reports from two squads, one of 50, the other of 200 from North Missouri, now encamped in this vicinity. He also received a courier from ----, stating that he had at Augusta a body of from 1,200 to 1,500 men, embracing troops both

70 R R-VOL XLI, PT IV

