
from Illinois and Iowa, which he would cross the river between the 1st and 5th of this month. In view of these facts I would respectfully recommend the postponement of any action for at least the remainder of this month, which would enable the division commanders to get their men in hand, and cannot but express the fear that any action now would be the loss of several thousands, who would decline coming within our lines and rely on their guerrilla mode of warfare for support. I would recommend also the retention of Shelby's division as a mounted force. They have been carefully selected, both officers and men, by him, for their special adaptability to that service, and this late campaign has demonstrated his great efficiency in the successful handling of the men as now organized. What number of cavalry should be retained in all can only be determined by the district or department commander. That a good brigade can be formed out of Marmaduke's division and at least two excellent brigades out of the Arkansas cavalry, still leaving several thousand with which to fill the depleted ranks of the infantry.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 27. Marshall, Tex., December 11, 1864.

I. The following extracts from General Orders, Numbers 92, current series, from department headquarters are republished for information and observance, viz:

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 92. Shreveport, La., November 29, 1864.

I. so much of General Orders, Numbers 51, current series, from these headquarters as permits enrolling officers to detail conscripts for the Cotton Bureau is hereby revoked. Officers and agents of the Cotton Bureau will immediately report those now in their employ, and apply for their regular detail; otherwise the men will be sent to the field.

* * * * *

IV. The attention of all officers interested is called to General Orders, Numbers 23, current series, from these headquarters, in reference to the detail of able-bodied men. On and after the 1st of January, 1865, the law will be strictly enforced.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

II. Enrolling officers will be careful that the foregoing orders are executed to the letter. They will promptly report such officers as have in their employ after 1st of January next able-bodied men between the ages of eighteen and forty-five years who are not artizans or mechanics.

III. The following extract from Special Orders, Numbers 307, current series, department headquarters, is published for information and observance, viz:

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 307. Shreveport, La., December 9, 1864.

* * * *

IV. The term for which slaves are impressed is fixed at twelve months.

Where there are less than five slaves liable to enrollment on one place the impressment will be made as follows:

Where there are four slaves one will be taken for nine months and eighteen days.

