
Where there are three slaves one will be taken for seven months and six days.

Where there are two slaves one will be taken for two months and twelve days.

This rule will also be applied where in the enrollment of slaves any number other than a multiple of five shall be found, taking one-fifth for twelve months and one for a period as determined above.

* * * *

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. A. ANDERSON,

Assistant, Adjutant-General.

IV. Enrolling officers will at once proceed to the re-enrollment of the slaves of their respective counties or parishes in accordance with the above order, and that it may be promptly and speedily done, they may call to their assistance a sufficient number of the Reserve Corps.

V. Paragraph I, General Orders, Numbers 15, current series, from this Bureau, is amended so that the twelfth line will read, "Commanding officer of the reserve forces of the State, "instead of" commandant of the State."

By command of Brigadier-General Greer:

W. STEDMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Washington, December 12, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I wrote some days since requesting authority to send General Price's command, now at Laynesport, to Clarksville, Tex. He reports about 3,500 men at Laynesport and vicinity. Gano's brigade is encamped below Laynesport, as I understand. This is done by General Maxey without the courtesy of asking my consent, and without the authority of any one that I am aware of. One Captain Lewis has written me that he has the authority of Major-General Maxey to pass the winter with his company in my district. His presence was made known to me by a charge from citizens of kidnapping negroes, and other outrages. He is said to be at Paraclifta. General Rains, from Missouri, with 200 or 300 men, is now at or above Richmond. They are reported to be committing many depredations. General Rains did not report to me. I sent to him and asked by what authority he was in my district in command of troops. He answered by that of General Smith and Governor Reynolds. I ordered him to proceed to Laynesport. Several days have elapsed and he has not yet arrived there. His men, I am told by General Ashley, are still committing depredations. I learn that he has but 200 men with him, and has no control over them whatever. I recommend that I have authority to dismount them by force and to transfer them to the Missouri infantry, appraising their horses,their cavalry arms and equipments, and turning them over to the proper staff departments. At the time General Smith ordered me to organize General Price's army and to punish depredations on citizens he deprived me of the only means of doing so efficiently by taking away the whole of Wharton's cavalry. I respectfully recommend that Major-General Maxey be ordered forthwith to remove Captain Lewis' company from my district, and that he take measures to have returned to their owners any negroes Captain Lewis may have

