
NEOSHO, MO., October 19, 1864.

Colonel BRUTSCHE,

Commanding Southwestern District Missouri:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that I have this moment arrived from Bentonville, Ark. I found no large force in that region. I was fifteen miles southwest of Bentonville, at what is called the Corner Springs. Captain Herndon had collected his company at that point on the day before I got there. He had seventy-five men. He went in the direction of Cane Hill to join Buck Brown. Buck Brown had called his men together, and was west of Fayetteville, Ark. Brooks, I think, is there. I got two reports concerning their object in concentrating their forces; first was to attack Fayetteville, Ark.; second, to attack a train they were looking for; the latter I am inclined to believe. I killed two noted bushmen on the trip. I will send you what available force Captain Ruark has, and I will keep on the lookout. You will keep me posted in regard to Price's movements. I do not know what to do in regard to moving Captain Ray. There has been a copy of your order sent to Captain Ray at Newtonia, and one to Mount Vernon. Be sure and keep me posted in regard to Price's movements.

Colonel, I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

MILTON BURCH,

Major Eighth Regiment Cav. Missouri State Militia, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., October 19, 1864.

Colonel HARRISON,

Cassville:

I expect the Rolla stage this morning. When it arrives I will arrange to send you the mail, supplies for the home guards, and train for the refugees. No news from Price, only the capture of Sedalia. Price is reported at Lexington, Fagan north of the Missouri River toward Kansas, and Clark's brigade south of the Missouri, moving northeast from Boonville. Will give you the news received per stage this morning. Colonel Bishop and Captain Rubey left yesterday morning.

J. D. BRUTSCHE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 5. Jefferson City, October 19, 1864.

I. Brigadier General C. B. Fisk, with the Thirty-ninth and Forty-ninth Missouri Volunteers (Colonels Kutzner and Dyer) and the section of artillery belonging to his district, will proceed to La Mine bridge and take command of all troops at that point and on the railroad from California to Warrensburg.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

