
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF INDIAN TERRITORY, Numbers 72. Fort Towson, C. N., December 20, 1864.

I. Doaksville, C. N., having been designated as the depot for slaves recaptured within the Indian Territory, all slaves recaptured within this district will be turned over to Captain S. V. Smith, Battalion Twentieth Texas Dismounted Cavalry, who is hereby directed to make provision for their security.

II. The attention of commanding officers in this district is called to General Orders, Numbers 90, headquarters Trans-Mississippi Department, and list of all men therein referred to will be made out and forwarded to these headquarters, that the proper orders for assignment to infantry commands may be given.

By order of Major General S. B. Maxey:

T. M. SCOTT.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, December 21, 1864.

Major-General MAGRUDER, Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 12th instant. General Maxey was instructed by department headquarters to station Gano's brigade near Laynesport. This was done at your request that this brigade might be in position to co-operate with you when the enemy's movements made it necessary. I was under the impression that their winter quarters were in Bowie County, Tex. If they are within the limits of the State of Arkansas they are near the line of the Indian Territory. Under these circumstances, I think you can no longer charge General Maxey with want of courtesy in this matter. I have written to Governor Reynolds in regard to General Rains, and will soon know what is the status of his command, whatever it may be. Whilst he is in your district he is subject to your orders and the rules of discipline for your command. When Wharton's cavalry was ordered to Texas Carter's regiment, of Steele's brigade, and Logan's brigade of cavalry remained under your command. The inactivity of the enemy and the exhausted condition of the country in your front should have left a portion of that command disposable for the purpose required by you. Major Hill has been instructed to furnish such funds as he may have for the purchase in whole or in part of the animals belonging to the dismounted troopers. Only such horses as can be used for the artillery and such mules as are suitable for transportation purpose will be required by the Government; the rest can be disposed of by the men themselves. General Maxey has been directed to investigate the charges against Captain Lewis, and if found true to send him to Arkansas for trial, and to return the negroes kidnaped immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT. Numbers 28. Marshall, Tex., December 21, 1864.

I. Conscripts who have been detailed by authority of the department commander will be assigned to commands as well as those detailed

