
from this office and by commandants of conscripts, and such detailed persons will be included in the reports required to be made by paragraph III, General Orders, Numbers 23, current series, from this Bureau.

By command of Brigadier-General Greer:

W. STEDMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS

Camp Gano, C. N., December 22, 1864.

Captain T. M. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dist. Headquarters, Fort Towson:

CAPTAIN: Colonel Burbridge of General Clark's division Missouri troops, has just been here, and informed me that his division is going to cross the river and expect to winter near Clarksville, Red River County. This movement will materially interfere with the arrangements of the major-general commanding for obtaining supplies for the Indian division, and I hasten to apprise him of the contemplated move. I understand from Colonel Burbridge that General Clark is moving without orders, and from the utter want of forage near his present encampment, some twelve miles below us.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

JAMES DUFF,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Towson, C. N., December 24, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters.

Our supplies of breadstuffs are drawn from Clarksville.

S. B. MAXEY,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., December 23, 1864.

General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 28th of October, 1864, recommending the appointment of certain general officers therein named, has been received. From the last return, September 30, it appears that there are twenty-nine brigades in the Trans-Mississippi Department, organized into eleven divisions and four corps. To command these there are in the department one lieutenant-general, eight major-generals, and twenty-two brigadier-generals. Three of the corps are scarcely more than equal to divisions, and most of the divisions enumerated are too small to warrant the appointment of division commanders. If the exigencies of the service are such that the troops cannot be brought together so that the divisions may be enlarged they must be commanded by the senior brigadiers respectively present, and the place of each brigadier thus commanding must be filled by the senior officer of his brigade. The division of General Parsons should be broken up as you suggest, and the two Louisiana brigades consolidated. If this be

71 R R-VOL XLI, PT IV

