
mation concerning the men who crossed these deserters over the river. I also require him to detect deserters in the Texas regiments over here. I am determined to prefer charges myself against the parties crossing them over and the officers who receive them into their companies and regiments. I did not like to stop this man, Private Boothe, but he is an energetic, reliable man, and I can make him more useful in using him for the purposes mentioned than he would otherwise be. I will send him to his command as soon as I can collect up a number of the deserters now here. If you do not approve of my stopping him let me know and I will send him back immediately.

This side of the Mississippi River is badly whipped. They receive but little news here except Yankee accounts, and they believe everything they hear in regard to reverses to our arms. General Smith has a large army, and I believe is very industrious and active. He is much abused by many citizens. I have discovered since I arrived on this side of the river that there is more loyalty, more patriotism, and better armies on the east side of the river. I will send you reports and give you all the information I can get as often as practicable. Please let me know what is going on with you as often as convenient.

Yours, truly,

J. P. JONES.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT.

Shreveport, La., December 27, 1864.

Major-General MAGRUDER,Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to inclose herewith the reports* of Colonel McCray and Acting Brigadier-General Adams, and to say that he desires you will select an officer for the command of the sub-district north of the Arkansas River. The officer selected should be one of the most sterling character, being left entirely on his own resources and dependent upon the tithe cotton for his supplies. He should be one who could not be seduced from the paths of duty by the temptations of his position. It requires one of ability, energy, and firmness of purpose. He directs that Lyles' regiment, the Twenty-third Arkansas, McGhee's command, and Captain Earl's company be left in this sub-district, and that all other troops be ordered forthwith to the south of the Arkansas River. You will direct all other officers in that district to return forthwith with such of their commands as will come out. All who remain will be declared deserters will not be allowed to remain where they are.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General,and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Washington, December 27, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: If it be possible to get one or two light-draught steamers above the raft, I cannot too earnestly beg that it may be done. This district is in the greatest danger from the difficulty of providing corn.

---------------

*Not found as inclosures.

---------------

