
that his appointment as chief commissary of subsistence for West Louisiana was not received until July 11, 1863, and declined it,saying that he could be of more service while serving as chief commissary of subsistence on the staff of General Smith. It is respectfully submitted that the position of Major Thomas in the Trans-Mississippi Department has been productive of very evil results, and it is recommended that he be ordered to report in person, without delay, to the Commissary-General.
It is also asked that General Orders, No. 70 headquarters Department of Trans-Mississippi, September 12, 1864, may be revoked as being in direct violation of the orders of the Secretary of War contained in circular of this Bureau of April 15, 1863, which was by him approved; and that General Smith be called upon to explain the persistent efforts made by him since he assumed command of the Trans-Mississippi; Department to overthrow the system created by the War Department and to substitute in its stead that which had been tried and given up as essentially vicious.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General, C. S. Army.

[First indorsement.]

DECEMBER 28, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to Secretary of War for authority to carry into effect the within suggestions of the Commissary-General.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Second indorsement.]

DECEMBER 31, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Explain to General Smith the order and plan of action referred to by Colonel Northrop an inform General Smith of the desire of the Department that it be carried out.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT.

Shreveport, December 28, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Owing to the scarcity of funds in this department the public credit has become so seriously impaired that even by impressment it is almost impossible to procure many articles of prime necessity for the army. A resort to the power of impressment in the absence of money to pay for the property impressed is so glaring an act of injustice and so wholly unauthorized by law, that it excites a spirit of opposition and spreads dissatisfaction among the people. With funds articles could be obtained by impressment. Without money, it is very questionable, indeed, whether that mode of obtaining supplies will be submitted to. At present the public credit is very low for the reason that the Government has outstanding in the hands of citizens over

