
JEFFERSON CITY, October 19, 1864.
General JAMES CRAIG:

Telegraph me the situation of affairs as fully as practicable. Keep a close watch in front of your entire district, and don't allow any detachments and outpost to be overwhelmed and captured by the rebels. Richmond, Carrollton, Chillicothe, Liberty, and Parkville will all be in danger. I have made all reasonable efforts to get my troops detached from this side and returned to North Missouri, but the general commanding does not as yet deem it prudent to spare [them], as all towns will have to be abandoned and concentration of your troops made if the invaders march toward the northwest. Jeff. Thompson says he will give you a call.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

CHILLICOTHE, October 19, 1864.

General CRAIG:

Major Deagle and the commissioned officers under him who were captured at Carrollton were paroled at Carrollton; the men were taken down the river. They were promised their parole on their arrival at Shelby's headquarters. Reports reach me from my southwest from that the enemy is concentrating a large force on turkey Creek about twelve miles southwest of Dawn. I have sent a force to examine the country. So many rumors are afloat that I can place but little reliance on any of them. I have undoubted information that a rebel scout of sixteen men pressed a guide early last night four miles south of Dawn to show them past my pickets on Shoal Creek. The leader of the rebel scout was taken seriously ill and consequently the enterprise was abandoned. The guide that was pressed is loyal and has reported this morning at my headquarters. This guide saw the written instructions of the leader of the scout. As he remembers, they were to penetrate the videttes of our force at the various posts and learn the location, strength, &amp;c., of our various camps. This guide reports to me that the leader of the scout was taken with a violent fit, which lasted four hours; that the band took him to a house, abandoned him, as they say, in the direction of turkey Creek. Dawn is on Shoal Creek, where the road leading from Utica to Carrollton crosses that stream. It is not laid down on the map before me. Have sent out for the sick leader of the rebel scout.

J. H. SHANKLIN,

Colonel, &c.

CHILLICOTHE, October 19, 1864.

General CRAIG:

I have just received information (reliable) that two rebels claiming to belong to the same force that captured Carrollton were in the southeast part of this county yesterday afternoon. One of them said he was a rebel picket from rebel camp in the vicinity of Compton Ferry, on Grand River. These two men were pressing horses, but may be but stragglers from the force passing down from Carrollton, which force would likely cross Grand River about five miles below Compton Ferry. The news I get from my front would indicate a design on the part of the rebels to attack our forces on the railroad. No arms received from Brookfield

8 R R-VOL XLI, PT IV

