HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT.

Shreveport, December 28, 1864.

Major-General WALKER,Commanding District of Texas, &amp;c.;

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that he has ordered a reserve battalion to relieve Colonel Brown's regiment, for general duty at Tyler, and Brown's regiment to report to Major-General Wharton, and to say that in its present position this regiment is entirely ineffective for active service. That his design is to retain Wharton's command at a central point which will enable him to send a strong command to the enemy from any direction he may approach. This command being kept in condition to move at a moment's notice will be of great assistance should the enemy make any serious demonstration against your district from the coast.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS.

Washington, December 28, 1864

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,Chief of Staff;

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of letter 4962, 21st of December, from General Smith, in which he states that "when Wharton's cavalry was ordered to Texas Carter's regiment, of Steele's brigade, and Logan's brigade of cavalry remained under your (my) command, " and that a portion of this command should have been disposable for the purposes required by me on account of "the inactivity of the enemy and the exhausted condition of the country." In reply, I have the honor to say that the command of Logan was less than a regiment, was perfectly broken down by duty on the front, where the forage was entirely insufficient to support it and was ordered to Walnut Hill to recruit, from which it could not move. Lieutenant-Colonel Giddings, commanding the Twenty-first Texas Cavalry, of Steele's brigade, was eighty miles from here, and four companies picketing in front of Camden, and the rest of his regiment ordered to report to Captain Polk, in charge of cotton office, under orders from department headquarters. I had no other cavalry except Newton's, which it was necessary to keep in front of this place in the direction of Arkadelphia. I hope I will not find it necessary to disturb Gano's brigade at present, as I have devised the plan of bringing the infantry and cavalry together.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FAGAN'S DIVISION.

Washington, Ark., December 28, 1864.

Major GEORGE A. GALLAGHER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Your note asking for my report of the part my command took in the late expedition to Missouri is at hand. It is impossible at this time to make such a report correct. You are aware that not one

