
the papers and maps accompanying the record, are of opinion that General McRae's conduct at Helena, on the 4th of July, 1863, on the occasion of the attack on the enemy at that place, was obnoxious to no charge of misbehavior before the enemy.

II. The court of inquiry in the case of Brigadier General D. McRae is dissolved.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith;

S. S. ANDERSON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS. HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION. Numbers 158. Camp Lee, December 29, 1864.

* * * * *

IV. The brigades of Generals McNair and Tappan and the portion of artillery designated in paragraph III, Special Orders 156, and VI, Special Orders 157, from these headquarters will take up the line of march to-morrow morning at 8 o'clock in the direction of Fulton, via Spring Hill, in the following order: First, McNair's brigade; second, Tappan's brigade; third, artillery. The command will not march above twelve miles the first day, the advance, brigade selecting camps for the whole command. The trains will move in rear of the column in the order of their respective commands.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

C. E. KIDDER,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS. HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT. Numbers 101. Shreveport, La., December 30, 1864.

I. To enable the Cotton Bureau to close its business satisfactorily, and for the protection of parties who had contracted with under the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 35, current series, department headquarters, the following arrangement has been made with the Treasury Department, viz: That the certificates of exemption which had been regularly given by the Cotton Bureau before the publication of General Orders, Numbers 84, current series, department headquarters, and such as might be given in fulfillment of contracts for supplies or for cotton purchases under Order Numbers 35, which had been entered into and made before the publication of Order No. 84, would be entitled to permits for exportation under the regulations promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 35, until the 1st day of February, 1865, and not afterward.

II. No certificate of permit for the exportation of cotton will be issued by any military authority in this department for any other purpose than is authorized by the foregoing paragraph:

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION. Camp Lee,, Numbers -. December 30, 1864.

The major-general commanding division has with much regret and mortification recently received many and repeated complaints from the citizens of the surrounding country, especially from those living in the

