
FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 19, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Independence:

Lieutenant-Colonel Wheeler thinks General Sherry will obey orders from you, and so will his men, and will undoubtedly if it comes through Major-General Deitzler. I have ordered 5,000 blankets and 5,000 shelter-tents turned over to Captain Seelye. They leave on the Benton at daylight with forty tons of commissary stores. Colonel Wheeler will go down in the morning.

S. S. CURTIS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,Independence, October 19, 1864.

Honorable Senator POMEROY,

Kansas City or Wyandotte:

General Davis informs me there are 1,650 troops at Atchison sending for supplies. I wish you would find out the cause of this outrageous delay. I have just received a dispatch from Saint Joseph informing me rebels evacuated Carrollton yesterday and went toward Richmond, Ray County, and eastward. There is no ground for scare, and I suspect political folly has induced this effort to keep back troops. I hope you will denounce it everywhere. The scout which separated from Major Smith going south has come in. He reports all the rebel bands are called in to help fight. Price near Waverly. If he whips or is successful we ought to be ready to meet any movement this way.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,

ORDER. Camp near Independence, October 19, 1864.

Captain Hinton will proceed to Fort Leavenworth and vicinity, to collect colored troops organized under proclamation of martial law and bring them forward. He will procure for them such arms and equipments as are usually given to other volunteer troops. The quartermaster and commissary of subsistence will furnish transportation and other supplies, on the order of Captain hinton, to carry out these purposes. Captain Hinton will also collect all colored troops at Wyandotte and other points that he may be able to reach in time and bring them forward with all speed. He is also authorized to organize such troops and give letters of appointment in the name of Major General S. R. Curtis, commanding Department of Kansas to those persons who may be placed in command thereof.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

