
INDEPENDENCE, October 19, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICERS,

Wyandotte, Kansas City, Fort Leavenworth,

Paola, Fort Scott, Saint Joseph, Atchinson:

Headquarters Army of the Border is to-day at this place.

By order of Major-General Curtis:

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,Camp Charlot, October 19, 1864-9 a. m.

Major-General BLUNT,

Lexington:

Sanborn occupied Dunksburg and Warrensburg yesterday. Pleasonton was close on Price's position. Mower was coming down on north side or river, and was near your position. Rebels at Richfield, on the north side, make it difficult to send down boats. Major Curtis brought the steam-boat Benton up from Glasgow, fighting his way. Am strongly locating troops to resist Price's retreating forces, and urging forward the main column as fast as possible. For two days past our press and people have got news of Price having gone south, which has prevented progress. Militia do not want to go too far, especially on a wrong road. You must be moving about, not stationary, and do not advance beyond my supporting forces, so as to be cut off our cut up. Price must surrender or retreat southwestward, and we must be ready to united easily.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION ARMY OF THE BORDER, FIELD ORDERS, Numbers 6. In the Field, Lexington, Mo., October 19, 1864.

I. For the purpose of facilitating military operations against the rebel forces commanded by General Sterling Price, martial law is hereby declared to extend over the county of La Fayette.

II. All able-bodied male persons between the ages of fifteen and sixty years of age (white or back), of the city of Lexington, will report to Mayor H. Smith at 2 p. m. of this day, for the purpose of working on fortifications for the defense of this city. Each man is required to furnish himself with a spade or pick.

III. Farmers living within a radius of ten miles of the city of Lexington, on the south side of the river, are required to furnish transportation and deliver their hay and corn in Lexington to Cap. B. F. Simpson, chief quartermaster, who will receipt for the same

IV. A non-compliance with this order will be considered as a military offense and promptly punished.

By command of Major-General Blunt:

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

