HEADQUARTERS,October 19, 1864.

Colonel BLAIR:

General Blunt occupies Lexington. Price was ten miles east of Waverly on the 16th, as shown by letter written to one of his officers,w home he called in to help him fight Pleasonton.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,Camp Charlot, October 19, 1864.

Colonel FORD,

Independence:

I send a dispatch by telegraph* which ought to go through by express carrier, escorted by about fifty men. See to this. Let them start soon and travel six miles an hour. Send an officer who can explain matters about the caviling of some of the militia. Benton up from Glasgow, fighting her way. Am strongly locating troops to resist Price's retreating forces, and urging forward the main column as fast as possible. For two days past our press and people have got news of Price having gone south, which has prevented progress. Militia do not want to go too far, especially on a wrong road. You must be moving about, non stationary, and do not advance beyond my supporting forces so as to be cut off or cut up. Price must surrender or retreat southwestward, and we must be ready to unite easily.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 2. Independence, Mo., October 19, 1864.

* * * *

IV. Lieutenant-Colonel Walker will move his battalion of the Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry forward to the crossing of the Little blue on the Lexington road, establishing his headquarters in that vicinity. He will keep out constantly on the roads east of him small patrols and scouting parties to give timely information of the advance of the enemy, and will keep these headquarters informed of any discoveries made.

V. The Fourth, Twelfth, and Nineteenth Regiments of Kansas State Militia will early to-morrow morning move from their present camps, and, under the direction of the chief of staff, will be stationed at different points on the west bank of Rock Creek.

By order of Colonel James H. Ford:

ROBERT S. ROE,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Curtis to Blunt, 9 a. m., p. 118.

---------------

