
CAMP AT SHAWNEE, MO., October 19, 1864.

(Received 20th.)

General CURTIS:

I arrived here this evening and find considerable restlessness among the troops. An impression is being created that all danger is over, and with some persons there are, in my opinion, efforts being made to dissuade the militia from crossing the line, and if there is a necessity to keep the Kansas men in the field such impression are calculated to demoralize them. The men generally say, as far as I have heard, that they either want to go into Missouri or go home. I believe the removal across-that scare-crow to some-"the line" would be greeted with hearty applause by a vast majority. Excuse my presumption in addressing you, as you know I claim no knowledge of military matters, and I only write this because Major Charlot told me to-day that any impression that danger was over was not only false, but pernicious and dangerous.

JOHN SPEAR.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., October 19, 1864.

General DAVIES:

There is no earthly use of forces at Atchison. Why are they not pressed down? By whose order are they kept there? Did you arrest that colonel as I directed? You must not issue supplies to troops that evade my order.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 19, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Independence, Mo.:

I have received no orders from you to forward troops, except that of the Ninth, Colonel Tracy, and the section of battery. I sent after the colonel at Kickapoo, ordered him to report back, and he went on after I received your dispatch to arrest, and telegraphed you of the fact. I will telegraph to the provost-marshal now, in your last dispatch to have him arrested. No supplies will be issued from these headquarters to troops who disobey your orders.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 19, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Kansas City:

By an application made here this morning by a citizen of Atchison for supplies for the militia, there is now in that place, Twenty-second Regiment, Colonel Taylor, 850 men; Ninth, Colonel Tracy, 800 men; all total, 1,650.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

