
FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 19, 1864.

(Received 20th.)

Major-General CURTIS:

I congratulate you on being the first to strike Price. The negroes are on the boat, and if you think proper to order any other of my force forward please do so. I have sent the following to the provost-marshal at Atchinson to be communicated to the Ninth and Twenty-second Kansas State Militia:

General Blunt met Price yesterday at Lexington, had a fight with him, and fell back on our main force. Your service are demanded at the front to save Kansas and your homes from pillage and destruction. Let no construction of orders delay you from meeting the enemy, which is the object for which you are now called into the field. The orders of Major-General Curtis are that you move to the front and report to without delay.

Is there anything I can do to aid you?

THOS A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General SCOTT,

Fort Scott, Kans.:

From all information received, Price is on or near Missouri River, between Lexington and Boonville. His exact location is not known, as he shifts about. If he is there a fight is close at hand, as your troops now surround him from Jefferson City to Kansas City in a line to Sedalia and Warrensburg, with a very large force.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 19, 1864.

Captain INSLEY,

Fort Scott:

The enemy are supposed to be in force at Waverly. General Smith is supposed to be at Otterville. Blunt was moving toward Lexington. This we got from parties coming in. Have not heard anything official. I think the general is out of the line of communication.

JOHN WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., October 19, 1864.

Colonel CHRISTOPHER CARSON,

First Cav. New Mexico Vols., at Maxwell's, Cimarron, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: I shall send Major McCleave on the plains with you, and perhaps Colonel Abreu. Last evening I received a letter from General Curtis, dated September 19, 1864, in which he says:

General Blunt is at or near Larned looking out for Indians and may co-operate with you in crushing out the vile hordes that may now harass our line of communication.

