
When you start I shall send word to General Blunt that he may move southward and work against the Indians at the same time you do. This will disconcert them, finding troops coming from different directions. As soon as I get an express from Fort Sumner the expedition will be organized.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe., N. Mex., October 19, 1864.

Colonel HENRY R. SELDEN,

Commanding at Fort Union, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: When Captain Bergmann returns from his service on the plains see that he puts his men and horses in complete order for field service, and send him to his proper post with the least possible delay. Report the day he leaves. When Major Updegraff returns from the Cimarron you will retain himself and command at your post. Assistant Surgeon Brown will be ordered to proceed to this city and report to the medical director.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SIOUX CITY, October 19, 1864.

(Via Council Bluffs 21st.)

Major-General POPE:

Just reached here; troops not yet. Will have 200 Eighth Minnesota, which I send to Dubuque. Have one company Thirtieth Wisconsin; 500 cavalry. Shall I send them to Iowa border? To what point in Iowa shall I go? Have telegraphed to Governor, for I know nothing of the trouble.

ALF. SULLY,

General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB-DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA,Fort Ridgely, October 19, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Minnesota, Saint Paul, Minn.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inform you that Lieutenant McGrade's command has this morning started from Colonel McPhaill's, on the Redwood, with the Indians gathered in this vicinity, and will probably meet the Indian supply train on the 21st instant at the Great oasis, to which place the rendezvous has been changed at my suggestion in order to save Lieutenant McGrade unnecessary traveling. The train stopped last night near leavenworth and everything works well, but I am afraid the very much desired clothing will not arrive in time to be forwarded to the command. The scouts on the Redwood report all quiet; no Indians nor signs of any. The return train from Fort Wadsworth

