HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., October 20, 1864.

Honorable WILLIAM SPRAGUE,

U. S. Senator, Vicksburg, Miss.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note (without date) asking that General Dana's order in relation to the shipment of cotton from the points within the limits of his district may be modified. The military restrictions imposed upon the shipment of cotton were based upon conclusive evidence of the policy and design of the rebels authorities in relation to this trade, but I will send your note with a copy of this letter to General Dana, who is fully authorized to make any modifications that may be consistent with his military duties. It is proper to add that there are at this time special reasons why this subject should be closely watched.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 151. New Orleans, October 20, 1864.

In pursuance of General Orders, Numbers 99, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, bearing date August 9, 1862, and General Orders, Numbers 31, current series, headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, whereby it is provided that an enrollment be immediately made for service in the militia; also, that special commissions be established to hear and determine all claims for exemption from military service, and that commanders of departments and districts will establish such regulations as will be necessary in the case, it is ordered:

First. The provost-marshal-general of the department will cause an enrollment to be made forthwith, by the provost-marshals of the several parishes, of all able-bodied male citizens between the ages of fifteen and forty-five within their respective parishes, giving the name, age, and occupation of each, together with remarks showing whether he is in the service of the united States and in what capacity, and any other facts which may determine his exemption from military duty. All reasonable and proper expenses of such enrollment will be approved upon vouchers shoving the detailed statement of service performed and expenses incurred, to be approved by the provost-marshal-general.

Second. Immediately upon completion of the enrollment, the rolls will be sent to these headquarters, through the office of the provost-marshal-general,whence they will be submitted to the special commission to be hereinafter authorized.

Third. The commanding officer of the Defenses of New Orleans and of the District of Baton Rouge and Port Hudson will establish special commissions as provided in section 2 of Order Numbers 31, above cited, which reads as follows:

Commanders of district will establish special commissions to hear and determine all claims for exemption from military service on a account of alienage or physical disability. The plea of alienage will not be admitted if the claimant has at any time exercised the rights of citizenship under any general, State, or municipal law, or has at any time been in the service of the rebel government, or in that of any one of the State in rebellion. When any person enrolled in the militia has established his plea of alienage his name will be transferred to the enrollment for policy purposes. Any person who may be found physically disqualified for field service, but fit for garrison duty, will be transferred to the battalions to be organized for local service, and no exemptions will be made except in cases of absolute disability.

