
brigade commander. You will also detail a field for division officer of the day to-morrow to report at these headquarters for instructions this evening at 6 o'clock.

By order of Brigadier General C. C. Andrews:

CHAS. E. HOWE,

Captain, Twelfth Michigan Infty. and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

MOUTH OF WHITE RIVER, ARK., October 20, 1864.

Lieutenant W. E. KUHN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Lieutenant Emerson, of my regiment, who was out to the Arkansas River to-day, reports that he saw from fifty to seventy-five rebels on the opposite side of the river nearly or quite opposite Goodman's, who lives on this side. When seen they were stationary, but on seeing him and party they moved off, after firing one shot, up the river toward the fords. He, however, came up on this side by the fords and saw now more of them. Will you answer by the bearer whether the McGill will return to-night to Memphis? I ask because I want to send a mounted man up if I can.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN M. CREBS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Eighty-seventh Illinois Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN BRIGADE,Fort Gibson, C. N., October 20, 1864.

Colonel J. M. WILLIAMS,

Commanding Second Brigade, Frontier District:

SIR: In obedience to instructions received this morning from district headquarters you will, upon the receipt of this, prepare your entire command to make forced marches to Fort Smith.

By order of Colonel Wattles:

WM. GALLAHER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., October 20, 1864.

Colonel S. H. WATTLES,

Commanding Indian Brigade:

SIR: Inclosed* is a copy of an order which I sent you yesterday, which I presume you have received, and that Colonel Williams,with his command, is already on his way to this post. You will immediately put the Indian Brigade in a condition to move to this place at any moment, but will not move until further orders from me. I shall probably direct you to leave one of the Indian regiment sand two pieces of artillery (mountain howitzers) to hold Gibson and the public property against raiding parties, and to retire this way if a large force of the enemy approaches from the other side of Gibson, and to retire to Fort Scott if it should approach from this direction or by way of Cane Hill. If your guns are not furnished with horses put in mules, if you cannot get horses. Take any measure to bring the guns along. Press everything

---------------

*See Thayer to Wattles, October 19, p. 107.

---------------

