
thing in the country that you need to accomplish your purposes. You must bring your commissaries, corn, and ammunition in preference to everything else. You must hold yourself in readiness to move on two hours' notice. Forward the accompanying dispatches to Fort Scott without delay.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, October 20, 1864. (Via Cairo 22nd.)

General ROSECRANS:

The forces that have been threatening this place appear to have gone for General Thomas' communications. I send a small brigade to Columbus and Paducah to-night for the defense of those places, as they appear to be threatened.

Your obedient servant,

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG,Vicksburg, Miss., October 20, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi:

I have the honor to acknowledge receipt last evening of your dispatch, in cipher, brought by Major-General Reynolds. I presume I shall receive a dispatch more in full by the mail, which will enable me to judge whether it is the desire of the major-general commanding that I should comply with the wish of Major-General Howard, commanding Department and Army of the Tennessee, and remove my headquarters to Memphis, or shall await the decision of the Secretary of War at this point.

Herewith I have the honor to inclose copy of a cipher dispatch* received here at noon to-day from Brigadier General Morgan l. Smith, at Memphis. It is dated 15th instant and I have not yet ascertained what has delayed it so long on the road. Later dispatches from there were sent you last night with an indorsement of Major-General Reynolds. He will send more troops to Memphis if he thinks it necessary, but I do not apprehend that it is. From a prisoner taken yesterday I learn that on the 6th instant iverson was in command of Hood's cavalry. Beauregard commanded Hood's army, which was reduced from 50,000 to 25,000. The army has lost confidence in both generals and the people have lost hope in the success of the rebellion. Grant assaulted on Darbytown road and was repulsed. Great depression all through the South and large numbers preparing to come to our lines. Another prisoner states that Lee has evacuated Richmond. Gholson had been mustered into the C. S. service as a brigadier, with his command of 2,500 men. Gardner says that all captured lessees shall be held as prisoners of war.

Very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

