HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Dunksburg, October 20, 1864-9 a. m.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Right Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, in the Field:

If you are still on the main telegraph road from Sedalia to Lexington push on on that road and follow the cavalry. The enemy are reported in force at Dover. Send me word if you are on this road and I will communicate with you.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

SEDALIA, MO., October 20, 1864-5.40 a. m.

Major-General SMITH,

In the Field:

Curtis dispatches, 4.30 a. m., that Price with his entire force is in Lexington. Move by shortest route to Dunksburg instead of Brownsville, or if head of column is committed to that route let Woods' division go to Dunksburg and push on toward Lexington as far as you can by shortest and most practicable route for infantry. The cavalry will keep out of your way. The enemy will probably retreat south and our eyes must be turned in that direction. We ought to be able to reach him by a forced march to-morrow.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

DUNKSBURG, October 20, 1864-11 p. m.

Major-General SMITH,

Brownsville:

Our train did not get ready to move until 3 p. m. We cannot get beyond here to-night. Pleasonton's dispatches show enemy at Lexington probably. His (Pleasonton's) movements of cavalry: Advance of his headquarters to vicinity of Cook's Store, advance of Brown on Marshall and Lexington road, advance of McNeil to Hempland, reconnaissance to Dover seems well. You will have plenty of time to close up to-morrow on main Lexington road at Cook's Store, or near it. I will try to join you there by 2 or 3 o'clock. Meanwhile dispatches will reach me by the courier line via Dunksburg. Connect your headquarters with this line.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SEDALIA, MO., October 20, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Colonel MOORE,

Commanding Brigade, La Mine:

The general commanding directs that you have the ammunition wagons belonging to Mower's division loaded immediately on their arrival with ammunition and forwarded with all possible dispatch; that

