
you organize the stragglers from his command and send them froward as escort to the train. The wagons will arrive at La Mine on the train, and in case there is not ammunition enough there to load, there is here.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

SEDALIA, October 20, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

La Mine Bridge, or

COLONEL NINETY-FIFTH ILLINOIS:

Load the ammunition on the cars and send the Ninety-fifth Illinois Volunteers with the train promptly.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

SEDALIA, MO., October 20, 1864-4 a. m.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Dunksburg, Mo., or Brownsville:

GENERAL: General Curtis telegraphs that Blunt has been driven back from Lexington, date 20th instant, 3 a. m., and is falling back on Independence. This increases the probability that price has moved his main force from Waverly to Lexington; while the infantry movement will be the same, yours must conform to this. Push strong reconnaissance toward Waverly to determine if Price has moved to lexington. Have courier line by Rowletta to this place and give me the results of the movement to Elmwood and reconnaissance beyond, which I directed in my dispatch of yesterday morning. I have just received yours to General Smith of 7 p. m. 19th instant. McNeil could most easily make the reconnaissance on Waverly; Brown, being at Fleming Crossing, could move westward from there by the shortest route to Lexington, if Price has gone there, supporting McNeil. Everything depends upon knowing if Price has gone to Lexington or not. To find that our quickly, with as little fatigue to the animals as possible, is of every importance. I regret to find you have no courier line established as I directed. I want couriers every two miles at least. Let it be by Dunksburg and Rowletta.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SEDALIA, MO., October 20, 1864-5.30 a. m.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Dunksburg or Brownsville:

Since my last dispatch from Curtis, dated Independence, 4.30 this a. m., settle the question that Price is in Lexington, and that the drove Blunt out at 4 yesterday p. m. Push your center directly on Lexington. Let Brown follow a little on the right or little in the rear. Let Sanborn push directly by Cook's Store. General Smith's infantry will follow General Sanborn. Winslow ought to move by Dunksburg in rear of Sanborn. Keep up your courier line without fail. I will come by Dunksburg. Price may stay in Lexington to-day. We must get near enough to-night to reach him by a forced march to-morrow.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

