
away all district records belonging to headquarters. Jackson jefferson is sentenced to be shot to-morrow. Can you get General Rosecrans to postpone for a few weeks? General Craig ordered the telegraph office moved down town to his office. Operator declined without an order from you or Clowry. Craig got an order from Clowry and the office will be moved to-morrow unless your order otherwise.

A. J. HARDING,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

SAINT JOSEPH, October 20, 1864-10.40 a. m.

Captain F. ENO:

Conductor on train just in from Hannibal says there are 300 rebels in Monroe County under Green and that they occupy Parish.

A. J. HARDING,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

SAINT LOUIS, October 20, 1864-1.40 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICERS,

Mexico, Hannibal, Warrensburg, and Macon:

Colonel Canfield reports from Wellsville the presence of a rebel force in the neighborhood of the North Missouri Railroad with two pieces of artillery. Have you heard of any such force?

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, October 20, 1864-1.40 p. m.

Colonel CANFIELD,

Wellsville:

Your dispatch to Doctor Adams, at Saint Charles, has been handed to me. What reason have you to apprehend an attack from a rebel force with two pieces of artillery? Reply in full/

By order:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WELLSVILLE, October 20, 1864-3.15 p. m.

Captain FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

One week ago I received what I deem reliable information to the effect that I had strengthened by erecting a stockade my position too strong to be attacked by cavalry, and that cannon wee in Boone County, and they would send for them, so as to be sure of destroying us. Last evening word was brought to me of 100 men being on Hickory Creek, seven miles from here. He says they want cannon and 600 men to do the work. Took dinner at Clark's. He reports that they intended to destroy our force and had sent for a cannon. They wish to make a sure thing of it. He tells me he knows their purpose and trembles for

