HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., October 20, 1864.

Colonel SAMUEL A. HOLMES,

Mexico, Mo.:

Two hundred men will answer at Perruque bridge for the present. I did not know of any necessity of keeping at Sturgeon or elsewhere on the road any of the troops I sent up when I ordered 300 to Perruque.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

MACON CITY, October 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

We are all quiet now, but have had considerable excitement. I have scouting parties out in all directions; one just got in from Chariton and Randolph Counties; killed 14 and wounded 3; captured 20 horses. I start to-morrow with 300 for Fayette, in conjunction with Colonel Holmes, at Fair Grove, forty miles. Colonel Perkins is in Fayette with Colonel Shelton. I also sent Colonel Abertman, with 100 men, from Brookfield, to co-operate with Shelton. I hear a good account of Shelton; some gentlemen of the brush are ceasing to breathe. I sent you the recommendation of balance of my officers. I wish to organize as soon as possible. I am free and have been for two weeks.

WM. FORBES,

Colonel Forty-second Missouri.

MACON, MO., October 20, 1864-1.40 p. m.

Captain FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have heard of no such force.

WM. FORBES,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

BROOKFIELD, October 20, 1864.

General C. B. FISK:

To-day all is quiet here; no force known to be near here. Yesterday, for some cause, rebels crossed large numbers to south side river at Brunswick, 200 remaining on this side. Rebels hold Brunswick and have pushed up this way within six miles of us in force, say 400 strong. Keytesville and Carrollton have both been captured by rebels for some days. We are prepared for them here, have good fortified works and block-houses,a nd have one good cannon. The force in Carrollton made a demonstration on Chillicothe last night, but did not effect anything. We would like to make up a scout and go through Chariton County, if you think proper for me to go in that country. I think we could hurry some of those fellows a little. They are those left a home who have been always protected by our force and respected by the rebs and bushwhackers. I think Price will need them. The only force now left in this locality are our old friends the bushwhackers, supposed to be commanded by Ryder. They have concentrated the bushwhacking element and this Ryder has assumed command of the in absence of Mr. Anderson.

E. J. CRANDALL.

