
CHILLICOTHE, October 16, 1864.

General JAMES CRAIG:

I have just received a dispatch from Carrollton. The pickets were fired on within one mile of Carrollton last night-1 wounded and 1 captured. The wounded man was paroled by Colonel B. F. Gordon. Major Deagle recommends the abandonment of Carrollton. He thinks there is a considerable force of Shelby's men in Carroll, and 400 or 500 of the same force at Brunswick, and thinks he cannot hold the town against the force menacing it. Awaiting your reply, I shall direct Major Deagle to hold the town unless an overwhelming force approaches it. Shall I re-enforce Carrollton, or shall I abandon that post?

J. H. SHANKLIN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

HANNIBAL, October 16, 1864.

(Received 2.10 p.m. 17th.)

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

It seems quite certain that rebel force, over 500 strong, are in Monroe. Paris was attacked yesterday. Do not know the result. Send 300 men in that direction to-night. Glasgow was attacked yesterday morning; fight continued most of the forenoon; if report is true it must be captured. We get it from an officer from there. About 500 rebels held Lexington Friday. Warrensburg also taken. Our forces retired.

J. T. K. HAYWARD.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 16, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Leavenworth, Kans.:

Would like to hear from you. No news from Saint Louis since my dispatch of last night. Our infantry advance occupies Sedalia. The cavalry will be closed up by to-morrow night.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WYANDOTTE, October 16, 1864.

Governor CARNEY,

Leavenworth:

I have furnished tents for militia to be used as camp quarters at posts, and will do so as far as I can, but tents for field service are played out. Government will only issue, and they are not worth carrying about.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

WYANDOTTE, October 16, 1864.

Governor CARNEY,

Leavenworth:

General Davies has been issuing blankets. I will order down a large quantity, if we have them, to be issued on proper requisition

