HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,Independence, Mo., October 20, 1864.

Governor T. CARNEY:

GOVERNOR: Your note of this instant is received. Martial law, proclaimed by me in Kansas, follows my army, and stores are to be closed here as there. If any difference exists it only results from negligence of officers in this vicinity, partly owing to some negligence in making publications and partly owing to the greater zeal and earnest efforts of the people of Kansas to carry out my orders. Martial law will be suspended a soon as the loyal people now in the field have resisted the foe in our front and return to their avocations. In their absence from their homes they are not anxious to accommodate those who have remained behind instead of coming forward to share the danger, privations, and told to which our men in the field are exposed. I have referred your letter to Colonel Coates, who will see that the people of this country obey the orders of my officers.

I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,Camp near Independence, October 20, 1864-4 a. m.

Captain JOHN WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Messengers just arrived from General Blunt report he was attacked by overpowering forces and is falling back to this point or near. Forward all available troops, including those at Atchison, negroes at fort, and such other troops as General Davies thinks he can spare. Price's entire force is in Lexington. Blunt is falling back in good order, and I shall stand at every strong point if he comes this way.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

Governor CARNEY:

The above has just been received. General Blunt fell back to within eight miles of Independence, making good his retreat. Price's whole force was upon him. The enemy's artillery did no damage, while ours was used with good effect.

W. H. STARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 20, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS:

I have delayed the Benton to take down all the colored troops here-200. Will see that the Atchinson militia come down. I will lose no time in sending them to you. When you can, relieve our anxiety by letting us hear from you.

JOHN WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 20, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT, Independence, Mo.:

Steamer Benton left this a. m. with stores and 200 negro troops. Grant just ready to start with four guns and Captain Zesch's company of militia. Emilie gone to Atchison after the militia. I have sent to Saint Joseph for the steamer lacy if she is there.

S. S. CURTIS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

