
ATCHISON, October 20, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

The strength of my command is nearly 800. Am I subject to the orders of Brigadier-General Sherry at this place?

FRANK M. TRACY,

Colonel Ninth Kansas State Militia.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 20, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Leavenworth Times daily publishing demoralizing articles, tendency urging militia to return home and disband. It condemns and seriously and offensively criticizes, generally and specially, your acts in keeping militia in arms and martial law in force. Would like to have you see the papers. Am of opinion that the paper should be temporarily suspended, and editors and writers arrested as enemies to the public and cause. Do not doubt that it incendiary articles are the cause mainly of the tendency to bad conduct of the militia. Have consulted with General Davies and Lieutenant-Colonel Stark, but they differ with me. Feel it duty to confer with you direct. Al all events, I think a little of caution should be addressed to them. Please instruct. Course of paper is highly treasonable at this time.

H. H. HEATH,

Major and Provost-Marshal-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 20, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

General Davies says he has, in exempts, convalescents, Kansas State Militia, employees, &amp;c., here and in Leavenworth, 2,200 men, and says if any more of them are sent it must be by your order. He will not take the responsibility in sending any more from his district. The Kansas Seventh Militia number about 800, and is all that can be spared. Major Curtis goes to the city to see Governor Carney about sending the Seventh to the front. Have ordered Captain Zesch with his company of militia, which has seen service and had some experience in artillery, to accompany the 3-inch guns.

W. H. STARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &c.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., October 20, 1864.

Lieutenant H. D. JANES,

Acting Adjutant Second Colorado Cavalry:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that in obedience to the orders of the colonel commanding troops at Independence i left this post with thirty-six men of my squadron at 11 o'clock yesterday, the 10th instant, with dispatches for Major-General Blunt, then at Lexington, Mo. I took the route directly east of this point, crossing Fire Prairie, and reached the telegraph road fourteen mile this side of Lexington. Upon arriving at about one mile and a half this side of Lexington I met General Blunt's forces retreating. I delivered the dispatches to

