
FORT SCOTT, October 20, 1864.

Major S. S. CURTIS,

Aide-de-Camp:

It seems to me you are leaving this post an easy conquest for the enemy. I know the situation here and speak advisedly. There are $4,000,000 worth of public property to be protected or lost. Enemy on the alert for this place.

M. H. INSLEY,

Captain.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 20, 1864.

Captain INSLEY,

Fort Scott:

Messenger just arrived from General Blunt reports he was attacked by overpowering numbers, and is falling back to this place, or near it. Price's entire force is in Lexington. Blunt is falling back in good order, and I shall stand at every strong point if he comes this away.

The above was received from General Curtis, who was in camp near Independence this morning. I send it for your information; will send you the news when it comes, but am crowded with business.

JOHN WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Numbers 40. Santa Fe, N. Mex., October 20, 1864.

I. Major William McCleave, First Cavalry California Volunteers, is hereby assigned for duty with an expedition which is to proceed against the Indians of the plains, and will proceed without delay to Fort Union and report to the commander of that post to assist in preparing troops for that expedition.

* * * *

IX. First Lieutenant and Regimental Quartermaster Edwin Pollock, Ninth U. S. Infantry, having completed the special service for which he was sent into this department by Brigadier General George Wright, U. S. Army, at that time commanding the Department of the Pacific, he will without delay proceed to San Francisco, Cal., via Denver City, and report to Major General Irvin McDowell, U. S. Army.

The general commanding this department takes this occasion to thank Lieutenant Pollock for the efficient manner in which he has performed the responsible and laborious duty with which he was charged, and also to express obligations to the general commanding the Department of the Pacific for his promptness and kindness in sending through the Great Desert to this isolated and distant department the means of transportation and supplies which were so much needed here and which Lieutenant Pollock brought through in such admirable order.

By command of Brigadier-General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

