HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Mex., October 20, 1864.

Colonel CHRISTOPHER CARSON,First Cavalry New Mexico Vols., Fort Union, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: I have just received your letter of the 18th instant. It is impossible for me to issue rations to the families of the Utes. I have not the means nor the right. The Indian Department should do this. If the Utes will not agree to remain in the field forty-five days they had better not go. You will be informed what troops form your command as soon as I can get an express from Summer and Bascom, replying to communications sent there some four or five days since. I approve of Lieutenant Haberkorn going with you if Colonel Selden can spare him. You can have Lieutenant Taylor for your commissary and quartermaster. I cannot conjecture why he expected to go, but he is a capable officer and if he tries can be distinguished. Your Utes and Apaches should have sugar and coffee from Fort Bascom. I will try to get the Apaches, some fifty, to go with you from Fort Sumner. An order was given to the quartermaster's department for the blankest and shirts to be sent to you. It has doubtless been received at Fort Union. Call on Captain Shoemaker for the rifles. Show him this letter as your authority. Send me an exact list of all you receive for the Utes. Talk with Captain Carey how few mules you will want to go from Maxwell's to Bascom. Reduce the number down to the lowest. Your own things which you may need at Bascom had better be sent to Fort Union to go down on a wagon. In haste.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Saint Paul, Minn., October 20, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

I have ordered march of Eighth Regiment on 25th instant, or sooner, if practicable. Colonel Thomas believes the men will mostly be present by that time.

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST, Milwaukee, Wis., October 20, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Chief of Staff of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that Brigadier General A. Sully, U. S. Volunteers, be brevetted major-general of volunteers for arduous and distinguished services against the hostile Sioux, to date from July 28, 1864, the day of his severe and successful battle with the combined tribes of Sioux Indians near the Little Missouri River, Dak. Terr. General Sully has earned this promotion by very gallant, arduous, and valuable services to the country, and I trust the War Department will confer this mark of approbation upon him.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

