
MILWAUKEE, October 20, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

Saint Paul, Minn.:

Fisk relieved and back at Fort Rice. Brackett's battalion leaves Sioux City on 25th. Two hundred of Eighth Minnesota will reach Dubuque Saturday.

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST, Milwaukee, Wis., October 20, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,Commanding District of Minnesota:

GENERAL: I sent you the other day some dispatches from General Sully in relation to Brackett's battalion and the detachment Eighth Minnesota. Fisk's expedition has been relieved and brought back to Fort Rice. General Sully makes serious charges against Captain Fisk, and states that nearly all the emigrant he took out were traitors and men running away from the draft. I wish you to make arrangements to dispose of Brackett's battalion in the most judicious manner for frontier defense this winter, as I purpose to establish at least a cantonment for the summer at Devil's Lake, and this battalion will be needed. It will reach Minnesota from the direction of Sioux City.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST, Milwaukee, Wis., October 20, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SULLY,Commanding District of Iowa:

GENERAL: Your note of the 10th from Crow Creek is just received. I think you had best send the whole of Brackett's battalion to Minnesota, as it will be wanted there in the spring to establish a post at Devil's Lake for the summer at least. I prefer that you keep with you the battalion of the Seventh Iowa Cavalry, disposing of it as you think best along the Iowa frontier, as you propose to do with two companies of Brackett's battalion. The battalion of the Seventh Iowa will be wanted in the spring, as I purpose to establish a post on the northern slope of the Black Hills at the head of Cherry Creek, or somewhere in that neighborhood. When you have completed your arrangements for the winter you will please report here in person.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, October 21, 1864-9.45 p. m.

J. G. NICOLAY,

Saint Louis:

While Curtis is fighting Price have you any idea where the force under Rosecrans is, or what it is doing?

A. LINCOLN.

