
current series, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, will report to Major-General Reynolds, commanding Nineteenth Army Corps, for assignment to duty.

* * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

B. F. MOREY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MORGANZA, October 21, 1864. (Received 9.30 p. m.)

Lieutenant-Colonel CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Lee, of Quantrill's band, with 100 men are on the Atchafalaya River in Federal uniforms. They wanted to cross at Simsport and the Confederate commander refused to allow it. Colonel Szymanski says they are outlaws and not recognized by General Smith. I notified Colonel Davis, who occupies Morgan's Ferry, that if he could capture any of them not to trouble the commissaries with them. They may strike the river lower down.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, New Orleans, October 22, 1864.

Copy respectfully furnished Major-General Hurlbut for his information.

General Lawler has been notified that his action is approved.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Morganza, La., October 21, 1864.

Colonel DAVIS:

COLONEL: Your dispatch of this instant from Morgan's Ferry is received. I am directed by the general commanding to inform you that he fully approves of your suggestion as to the "concentration of the infantry at some convenient point on the Atchafalaya," &amp;c., and leaves the time, place, and all details of the proposed concentration to you. I send you -- to be used in cutting a road through to this place by the shortest route, which work the general desires completed with as little delay as possible. The person referred to in your communication as having been met last night on the road by Lieutenant Shelton isa soldier of the Second New York Cavalry, on special duty by order from these headquarters. Five days' rations for the infantry and artillery of your command are sent to you under escort. As soon as the wagons are unloaded let them return.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

BLUFORD WILSON.

