
regret my inability to assist you, and can only send you my good wishes for your success in defeating Forrest. Steele's troops from Devall's Bluff can reach you quickly. Have you sent to Steele?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, October 21, 1864-12.25 a. m.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff, in the Field:

Have telegraphed the provost-marshal at Springfield to send important dispatches in cipher. The following is the latest received from him:

SPRINGFIELD, October 20, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Colonel J. DARR, Jr.,

Acting Provost-Marshal-General:

No news from Price. Everything quite near here. Major Burch has returned to Neosho from scout in Benton County, Ark. Found the enemy had moved south near Cane Hill. Will forwarded key by messenger to Rolla in the morning.

J. D. BRUTSCHE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Acting Provost-Marshal-General.

SAINT LOUIS, October 21, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Tipton, Mo.:

I am urgently request by the Governor of Kansas to apply to you for information as to whether Price is still in a position to threaten Kansas, and to request you to give him through me from time such information on the subject as you are willing to communicate to him confidentially. He says the whole arms-bearing population of the State is in the field at an enormous public expense and sacrifice of private interests, and he is exceedingly. He says the whole arms-bearing population of the State is in the field at an enormous public expense and sacrifice of private interests, and he is exceedingly anxious to send to their homes all or such part of the militia as can safely be discharged. He knows little or nothing as to the whereabouts of Price's army, and does not know whether the whole Kansas border is in danger or only a part, or none. I hope you will not consider it against public interest to communicate in cipher or otherwise the information asked, and I will see that whatever confidential communication may be sent is not made public here.

THOS. EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, October 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

I have troops stationed all through my sub-district. There are no rebels in force near me. I think everything has followed in the wake of Price. I will endeavor to drive out the few guerrillas who have been lurking about.

H. M. HILLER.

