
they arrive. The enemy are evidently making for Kansas, pushing Curtis before them. Three of the enemy were captured in our uniform last night; they were firing on our troops. I have ordered them bung at once at the court-house. Five officers and 8 enlisted men were taken prisoners here.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, On road to Lexington, October 21, 1864-1.45 p. m.

Major-General PLEASONTON:

We have received the following from General Curtis: "We are fighting the enemy seven miles from this place--Independence." Make your dispositions accordingly to move the cavalry as speedily as possible without breaking it. If Curtis is in good position of course Price will do nothing but demonstrate in his front and move south, and your cavalry movements should be made with that in view.

W. S. ROSECRANS,Major-General.

CAMP NEAR DAVIS' CREEK, October 21, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Lexington:

I believe Price is retreating by Lone Jack and Chapel Hill. If this is so, while McNeil follows his rear the balance of the command should strike him near Lone Jack, following the Hopewell and Snibar road in two columns. The infantry can go by Renick Mills or follow the cavalry. The transportation will load at Sedalia for Warrensburg with stores. The ammunition train will move in the same direction. Will not leave until to-morrow. Push as strongly as the cavalry will bear.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

LEXINGTON, MO., October 21, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Wellington, Mo.:

GENERAL: We have just arrived. Smith is here with his entire command. Winslow's commissary has been ordered to take the rations belonging to you and General Smith's column. Everything confirms the general's belief that Price is threatening Independence with one division, and with his command and train is to-night in the vicinity of Lone Jack. The general wishes you to let McNeil follow Price, and act so as to make him think you are following with your entire command; then, with your other three brigades, march by the shortest route to Lone Jack. Smith will march to-morrow morning to Chapel Hill. He may march in two columns; if so, one will go by Greenton and the other by Wagon Knob. Push your command as rapidly as possible without entirely breaking it down, and, as much as possible, subsist on the country. We have ordered supplies to Warrensburg,

