
INDEPENDENCE, October 16, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Operator at Pleasant Hill says that Sedalia was taken yesterday by 2,700 rebels. The operator was in office till fight commenced. He left and was fired on.

OPERATOR,

Independence.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, Hickman Mills, October 16, 1864-11 a.m.

Major-General CURTIS:

I have no intelligence from the front since you left my camp last night. Teams have just arrived from Kansas City with a very limited supply of subsistence (all they could get). I am sending teams again to-day for subsistence stores. If they have not already arrived I hope you will telegraph for them to be sent by boat without delay, as it is important that the teams return as soon as possible, being the company teams of the command. I send by the same teams all the arms not required here; also the old arms turned over for storage by the militia. Pressing applications are being made by the militia for blankets or overcoats, of which many of them are very destitute. It is important that everything be done for their comfort that is possible to keep them contended. Will you not telegraph to Fort Leavenworth to have 1,000 each of blankets and overcoats sent to Kansas City without delay? Have them sent to Captain Simpson (my chief quartermaster). Have you ascertained the number of men at Paola that can be sent forward that need arms?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

2 P. M.

P. S.-Scout sent from Coldwater Grove east have just reported no force has passed south on to Boonville road. Small parties of stragglers (rebels) about Clinton, Henry County, supposed to be visiting their homes on furlough. Another has gone from Coldwater Grove over the same ground. Nothing yet from Major Anderson since you left here.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

WYANDOTTE, October 16, 1864.

General BLUNT:

Having no further news from the front I must act on what we have. I have directed General Dietzler to send a large force of cavalry and artillery to Independence to-day, with a brigadier competent to command. I want you to send such troops as you have ready, say 2,000 cavalry and lightest artillery, forward to Pleasant Hill to-day. We ought to be felt by the enemy to-morrow. Our advance to-day will develop the condition of our troops, their readiness to move, and put them where they can be quickly united in the advance, if news to-day gives us further intelligence. It was a great misfortune that the news from Sedalia does not say which way the rebels came from but we have

