
LEXINGTON, MO., October 21, 1864-10 p. m.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

La Maine Bridge:

Send courier and find the 300 cavalry left by Colonel Winslow. They were ordered to make a scout to Boonville and return to vicinity of Marston's Bridge, crossing La Mine, on the Boonville and Georgetown road. Then send this cavalry as an escort to the train of commissary and ordnance stores from Sedalia to Warrensburg. Push this matter. Send as much infantry also with the train as is necessary.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

LA MAINE BRIDGE, October 21, 1864-11.30 p. m.

Captain FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

All going on vigorously at this point. Every pound of Government freight has gone forward to Sedalia, and I shall have the bridge rebuilt in four days and trains running to Warrensburg. Guerrillas are hovering about on all sides. Curtis has been fighting Price's advance on the Little Blue, ten miles from Independence, nearly all day. Rosey must be at or near Lexington.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

LA MINE BRIDGE, October 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General WOLFF,

Jefferson City:

Curtis has been fighting Price's advance on the Little Blue, ten miles from Independence, all day. General Curtis holds a good position and will stand for a regular engagement if Price will continue the conflict. The struggle commenced at 10 a. m. to-day. Rosey must be near or at Lexington. We will put the La Mine bridge up in three days if implements are furnished. Old wreck all out of the way.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

TIPTON, October 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

SIR: The squadron of Missouri State Militia is part of those scattered at Sedalia by Jeff. Thompson. They are without orders. I sent them out after twenty-two guerrillas who were plundering farmers four miles from Tipton.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. JONES,

Captain, Commanding.

LA MINE BRIDGE, October 21, 1864.

Captain W. C. JONES,

Tipton, Mo.:

Colonel Harding, Forty-third Missouri Volunteers, will reach your station to-morrow from Boonville with 500 paroled Federal prisoners

11 R R-VOL XLI, PT IV

