
from Glasgow. They will be exhausted and starving. Do all you can for their comfort. If rations fail to reach them from Jefferson City cook yours for them and I will order an issue to cover them.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

LA MINE BRIDGE, October 21, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES CRAIG,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

I telegraphed you on the 19th asking for the situation of affairs in your district. I have no reply, but have received and forwarded to General Rosecrans dispatches from all other important points in my district. Telegraph me at this point promptly that I may forward your dispatch to the general to-night. I shall probably be at district headquarters next week. Give me full information from your river counties.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. SEVENTH MILITIA DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, Saint Joseph, Mo., October 21, 1864.

General C. B. FISK,La Mine Bridge:

I have tried to communicate with you. Twelve hundred men at Chillacothe, 1,000 at Hamilton, Cameron, and Stewartsville, 1,400 here and in vicinity; all in good fix. No artillery, as you know; arms all exhausted. Price and Curtis now engaged near Independence. My troops falling back from Richmond. I am re-enforcing stations on railroad. Will do all in my power; hope you will come. If I had a few pieces of artillery I could defy any force Price could send. Have no answer to my dispatch of yesterday.

JAS. CRAIG,

Brigadier-General, Enrolled Missouri Militia.

CHILLICOTHE, October 21, 1864.

General CRAIG:

I learn from undoubted sources that the rebel force in Chariton, including half of the force that was at Carrollton, crossed the river at Brunswick on Tuesday night and Wednesday morning into Saline County. They used a steam ferry-boat and two flats in crossing. The steam ferry-boat went up the river on Wednesday.

J. H. SHANKLIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

HANNIBAL, October 21, 1864.

General FISK:

A rebel force of 300 to 500 were in six miles of Hannibal yesterday. All my mounted men were out and I could not get after them. There is a large number of rebels in western part of Ralls County. We have

