
every reason to believe that they came from Boonville, as our wires seem to have been open all the way from Jefferson City to Pleasant Hill. All our information goes to show the enemy much divided, and we can concentrate as easily and quick as he can. I have directed colonel Drake to send forward troops. If those coming need arms, to get them here; if wanted at Paola, to get them at Fort Leavenworth. I have written General Deitzler to call on you for any surplus. Let him have what you can spare. I shall have more arriving from Leavenworth to-day, and can supply new demands in this vicinity as fast as they arrive. I get nothing on the wires this morning. One thing I got from the stage man, which I consider significant: First. He says he sent his horses to Kansas City for safety. That seems to imply that the rebels did not propose coming to Kansas City. Second. He sent them over the river as a safe route to Kansas city, which shows he did not fear scouting parties on the north but feared them on the south side. Straws show which way the wind blows. The route toward Sedalia seems our most likely way to strike Price, viewing matters as we now have them presented. I shall stay here till 12 to-day. Perhaps till to-morrow morning. Keep me posted, and continue to give the matter of food and rations your main attention.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

WARRENSBURG, October 16, 1864.

Major-General BLUNT:

I arrived here at 7.30 this a.m. Sedalia taken yesterday by Shelby; 2,700 men with two pieces of artillery are reported by men who were in the fight to be his force. Most of our force is captured, consisting mostly of militia. Sanborn is after him with 8,000. Price is said to be going up the river. This is a rumor. Knobnoster, ten miles east of here, taken last night. We have Shelby in our front and Todd and Bill Anderson on our left rear. Both close. Will hold the place as long as possible. You cannot be too hasty in moving. Will keep you posted from here to Pleasant Hill by telegraph; from there by messenger furnished by commanding officer at that post.

M. ANDERSON,

Major, Commanding Scout.

PLEASANT HILL, October 16, 1864.

Major-General BLUNT,

In the Field:

All quiet here.

OPERATOR.

WARRENSBURG, October 16, 1864.

General BLUNT:

We fall back to-night toward Pleasant Hill. I have ascertained to a certainty that it was Jeff. Thompson who took Sedalia. Shelby is in here, though, from all accounts. They are advancing at Dresden; reported 700 in the advance. Will make arrangements with the authorities here and at Pleasant Hill to post you in the usual manner.

M. ANDERSON,

Major.

2 R R-VOL XLI, PT IV

