
sufficient force, including organized citizens now in Keokuk, to repel any attack of guerrillas. There are no troops that can be possibly sent you. The department is badly off in that respect, and two regiments are now under orders to leave if for the South. The major-general commanding will immediately detail a general officer to go to the Southern Iowa border.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. MELINE,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF IOWA, Davenport, Iowa, October 21, 1864.

Major J. F. MELINE,Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

MAJOR: Yours of the 19th instant, inclosing the latter of J. M. Hiatt, mayor of Keokuk, relative to the troubles on the southern border of Iowa, and directing me to ascertain facts in the case, has just been received. I at once consulted with Adjutant-General Baker in regard to the matter. I at once consulted is that the militia, if they organize themselves, are fully able to protect their border. I received from General Baker a statement of the strength of the militia in the southern tier of counties of this State; also the number of companies armed, &amp;c., which I have the honor to transmit herewith. It seems to me that the militia which have received arms in these southern counties, if they have anything like an organization, should be fully able to protect their border. General Baker also informs me that the force of organized and armed militia in the next tier of counties is still stronger than in the counties reported. General Baker is forwarding arms and ammunition to the southern counties daily. Although General Baker thinks the force of organized and armed militia in the next tier of counties is still stronger than in the counties reported. General Baker is forwarding arms and ammunition to the southern counties daily. Although General Baker is forwarding arms and ammunition to the southern counties daily. Although General Baker thinks the force strong enough, he is anxious that I should go down and examine into the matter personally, but as I was on the court-martial here I did not feel at liberty to go without distinct orders. Please instruct me if I shall go to Keokuk. I will inform you by telegraph if anything of importance happens.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD P. TEN BROECK,

Major Sixth Iowa Cavalry, in Charge of Hdqrs. Dist. of Iowa.

[Sub-inclosure.]

List showing the organization, &c., of the State militia in the southern tier of counties of the State of Iowa, October 21, 1864.

Counties	 Number of	 Number of	 Number of

 arms.	 companies.	 companies

 	 	 armed.

Lee	 1,056	 25	 12

Van Buren	 503	 234	 9

Davis	 304	 16	 4

Appanoose	 188	 17	 3

Wayne	 203	 11	 2

Decatur	 247	 13	 2

Ringgold	 170	 6	 3

Taylor	 104	 4	 1

Page	 219	 5	 2

Fremont	 347	 6	 5

 3,336	 123	 43

EDWARD P. TEN BROECK,

Major Sixth Iowa Cavalry, in Charge of Hdqrs. Dist. of Iowa.

