
WASHINGTON, October 22, 1864-1.30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

I had prepared instructions to General Canby to move all available forces in Mobile Bay and elsewhere to Brunswick, and cut the Savannah and Gulf Railroad, as directed by you on the 13th; but, on learning that Sherman's operations were uncertain. I withheld the order. I learn to-day that General Canby left New Orleans about the 15th for Arkansas,and will receive communications at mouth of White River. Shall I now send to him your orders of the 13th, in regard to the Georgia movement? He is of opinion that Price's movement into Missouri was partly intended to draw our forces in that direction, so that a part of Magruder's army could across the Mississippi and re-enforce Hood.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

SOUTHWEST PASS, October 22, 1864. (Received 12.40 p. m.)

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

I rendered this Pass at 12 yesterday. Thirteen officers and 120 soldiers on board. Left New York on 13th. The elections in Indiana, Ohio, and Pennsylvania largely Republican. Army news from Grant, Sheridan, and Sherman in every particular satisfactory.

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF OF SIGNAL OFFICER, New Orleans, La., October 22, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,Commanding Mil. Div. of West Mississippi, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration a statement of the information received at this office this 22nd day of October, 1864, from the following source, a report from Lieutenant G. G. Curtiss, Baton Rouge, La., October 18: Lieutenant Curtis confirms the report that General Hodge has assumed command of the District of South Mississippi and East Louisiana, with headquarters at Liberty, La. Dumonteil's regiment, 200 strong, has been transferred to this district. Captain Prime's jayhawkers on the west bank of the Mississippi have been broken up and ordered to join other commands. Squads of rebels are reported crossing and recrossing the river a few miles above Baton Rouge, La. Measures have been taken to capture them. John L. Bannister, Company B,

Third Maryland Cavalry, lately escaped from Shreveport, was not able to give any important information.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK W. MARSTON,

Major, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, Commanding.

