
NEW ORLEANS, October 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have just received the following dispatch:

OPPOSITE DONALDSONVILLE, October 22, 1864.

Captain FULLER:

The rebels, supposed to number nearly 100, plundered the Home Farm, Miles Taylor's planation, six miles below on the bayou, last night, cutting the Napoleonville telegraph line; how bad I do not know. Will send out men to fix it.

Very respectfully,

W. F. FRENCH,

Operator.

W. G. FULLER,

Captain, Assistant Quartermaster and Assistant Superintendent.

[Indorsement.]

Copy furnish General Hurlbut, October 22, 1864, with remark that these rebels are probably portion of Quantrill's command mentioned in General Lawler's dispatch.

THIBODEAUX, October 22, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Last night a party of guerrillas, supposed to be Whitaker's gang, about 125 strong, made a raid upon the La Fourche country, crossing the bayou just above Paincourtville, carrying off a number of mules and other property. I have sent a gun-boat with 150 intercept them in that direction. I have also sent a gun-boat up Belle River with fifty infantry to cut off their retreat toward Palourde, should they undertake to go off their way. The whole available force at Napoleonville are in pursuit in their rear. I would send a party of cavalry from Donaldsonville by the way of Bayou Goula and the Park down Grand River to intercept them in that direction, but the commanding officer at that post telegraphs me that he has but twenty-five cavalry in camp. Plaquemine ought to be included in this command. With a battalion of cavalry we could either prevent these raids or be certain of capturing the parties making them.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, New Orleans, October 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General CAMERON,Thibodeaux:

Brigadier-General Sherman desires you to have Whitaker's gang so rapidly and surely pursued as not to fail finding out where they crossed and how they got into your country, so as to prevent it as far as possible in the future.

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

