
least 120 men, with four days' rations and forty rounds of ammunition per man, in pursuit of them. Would they take the road to Bay Natchez your command will follow them that far. Should they take the military road your command will follow them as far as Bayou Goula and the Park. The officer in command will make every effort to ascertain how they came into the district, that they may be prevented in future.

By order of Brigadier-General Cameron:

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT, Thibodeaux, La., October 22, 1864.

Major BEEBE,Commanding, Donaldsonville:

From the tenor of a dispatch received from you this p. m. the general commanding thinks you have failed to notify him from this to time of the appearance or movements of the enemy, as directed to do by orders from these headquarters. All movements of the enemy or suspicious occurrences of any nature must be promptly reported to these headquarters by telegraph, and all refugees or deserters coming within our lines anywhere in your jurisdiction must be forwarded at once to these headquarters for examination.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT, Thibodeaux, La., October 22, 1864-11 p.m.

Major BEEBE,Commanding, Donaldsonville:

Send Company I, Third Rhode Island Cavalry, to report to Major Davis at Paincourtville, with four days' rations and forty rounds of ammunition, at 5 a. m. to-morrow.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

NEW ORLEANS, October 22, 1864.

Brigadier General M. L. SMITH,

Memphis:

I have received from General Reynolds your dispatch of the 16th in relation to an anticipated attack upon Memphis by Forrest. The transfer of troops from the mouth of White River to Memphis is approved, and General Reynolds will be instructed to furnish from the troops under his command any further assistance that may be necessary. I apprehend, however, that some of the movements reported are demonstrations to favor the crossing of the Mississippi, the order for which has recently been renewed by Jefferson Davis. I have information from Mobile of the 18th which slows that such demonstrations are now being made.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

