
NEW ORLEANS, LA., October 22, 1864.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS:

Your dispatch of the 16th in relation to an anticipated attack on Memphis is received. The transfer of troops from the mouth of White River to Memphis is approved, and you will please furnish any further assistance that may be necessary. I apprehend, however, that some of the movements reported are demonstrations to favor the crossing of the Mississippi. I have information form Mobile of the 18th which shows that such demonstrations are now being made. Brigadier-General Shaler has been ordered to report to you. He will await your instructions at Morganza.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MOUTH WHITE RIVER, October 22, 1864-2 p.m .

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

Arrived here yesterday at noon. I forward papers in relation to Memphis affairs. A force of 3,600 was sent from here to Memphis. Colonel Slack's brigade left Saint Charles 20th and 21st for Devall's Bluff, by General Steele's orders. Saint Charles will be occupied to-day by the Fifty-third Colored Regiment, Colonel Risdon, 500 strong. I have waited here to hear from Memphis. There are 2,000 here that might go to Memphis if required. We have sent about 5,000 troops to Devall's Bluff. Arrivals from Memphis since 17th, but nothing new. No more force had been asked for. Latest date 2 p. m. yesterday. No indications of attack, but nothing official. Will leave for Devall's Bluff this afternoon or to-morrow morning.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Mouth of White River, October 22, 1864-4 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Please return to his point the troops recently sent from here to Memphis at the earliest moment that the state of affairs at Memphis will warrant their removal. My information is to the effect that these troops will be wanted on the river below this point to prevent the enemy's crossing the Mississippi River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps.

MOUTH OF WHITE RIVER, October 22, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

GENERAL: Tug Perry has just passed up. I will go to Devall's Bluff to confer with General Steele and endeavor to be here or have a dispatch for the return trip of the Perry. Yours of 18th received and naval commander notified. Am just starting for Devall's Bluff.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

