
age. It is evident the enemy will make trouble both above and below in order to cover their true crossing-place. I shall send a small armed reconnaissance on Monday on both sides the river in the vicinity of Skipwith and Columbia. I propose visiting the Washita Valley in some force as soon as I get my forces back from General Reynolds.

Very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Lexington, October 22, 1864.

Major-General CANBY,New Orleans, La.:

Since my last the enemy failed in his designs of taking Jefferson; moved to Boonville, where he captured a few militia and a ferry-boat; thence to Glasgow, where a part of a new twelve-month's regiment, under Harding, had stopped en route for Jefferson City; captured them and 1,200 overcoats, brought from Lexington for safety by order of some stupid officer. by the 20th Mower's division had gone to Sedalia; Smith moved to Lexington by the evening of the 21st. Enemy pushed toward Independence, followed by our cavalry, and his rear guard skirmished with our cavalry advance at the crossing of the Little Blue this morning. We forced the passage by 1 p. m. to-day. Our infantry is now moving to Pleasant Hill, and I think by to-morrow Price will be in Kansas, followed on flank and rear by a cavalry and infantry force sufficient to whip him it he stops, and to damage him very badly if he does not. The present prospect of making the greatest raid of this war a bad speculation is now very good. No doubt you will have ordered Steele to do what he can to hurt Price on his return.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

(Copy to General Halleck.)
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 293. Saint Louis, Mo., October 22, 1864.

* * * *

3. In compliance with special instructions form the War Department, all Michigan soldiers in this department in camp of rendezvous, distribution, or in hospital will be furloughed for twenty days, to enable them to be at their homes on November 8, 1864. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation to all soldiers furloughed under this order to and from their homes.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 7. Lexington, Mo., October 22, 1864.

I. District commanders will forward with all practicable dispatch to these headquarters in the field lists of the names of all men who have joined Price's army from their districts, and names of all families who have furnished recruits or in any manner aided and assisted the enemy,

