
giving all the information they may possess or can obtain going to show who among us are our enemies. Copies of this order will be furnished by district commanders to all officers of the Enrolled Missouri Militia, who will be required to render any assistance in their power to collect and furnish such information.

* * * *

V. Captain Norville, of Merrill's Horse, will assume command of the city of Lexington, Mo. He will look well to the line of couriers, take charge of and forward prisoners and sick and wounded of our army to Jefferson City, Mo., and forward as rapidly as possible all stragglers to their respective commands.

Upon the arrival of Captain Eads at this place Captain Norville will place him in close arrest and turn his command over to Lieutenant Shoemaker.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PILOT KNOB, MO., October 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

Captain Leeper left here with ten men on Wednesday and went to Lesterville; there joined Lieutenant Kelley with thirty men of the Second and Third Missouri State Militia. On Thursday went down Black River to the mouth of Sinking Creek; thence across to Logan's Creek. At Logan's Creek came up behind Colonel Pollack, with fifty men; followed him four miles; came up with him, charged and killed 10 men and scattered the balance. Pollock was headed south. The scout then went down Black River fourteen miles south of Patterson. Heard of several small squads of rebels, and killed 4 more; thence returned to Pilot Knob by way of Patterson. Berryman is said to be at Ponder's Mill, on Little Black River, on direct road from here to Pocahontas, eighty miles from this place. Three hundred rebels said to be there. Colonel Pollock is recruiting a regiment and Ponder's Mill is his rendezvous. Thirty or forty rebels at Poplar Bluff, county seat of Butler County. Telegraph poles all up between here and Patterson. Wire down considerable. Captain Leeper picket up twenty-three men of Forty-seventh Regiment. I will send their names to-morrow.

H. H. WILLIAMS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Saint Louis, Mo., October 22, 1864.

Major H. H. WILLIAMS,Pilot Knob:

I think you should send a company to occupy Farmington and scout that neighborhood. A company should also be stationed at Fredericktown. When will the telegraph line be open through? Hurry it up as rapidly as possible.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General

