
PILOT KNOB, MO., October 22, 1864.

General EWING:

I understood by your dispatch that you had ordered two companies of Enrolled Missouri Militia from Cape Girardeau, and that they would be in Fredericktown last night. Two citizens came from Fredericktown in the night and reported a large rebel force coming into Fredericktown yesterday evening. I concluded that the force seen was the Enrolled Missouri Militia from Cape Girardeau. I sent twenty-five men with telegraph materials and working party to put the line in order to Fredericktown to-day. Guerrillas are committing depredations on all sides of us. My scouting parties have come in collision with them south, north, east, and west. I cant's possibly garrison Fredericktown and Farmington from the troops here. The Sixth Missouri left this morning for Saint Louis. Major Montgomery ordered the rebel surgeons' horses taken soon after we arrived here. I returned two of them, but one horse and mule could not be found. I am satisfied that the mule was branded by Montgomery's men with a U. S. brand which was found here, and that the major has the mule with his command. Cant's the stragglers from the Forty-seventh that are at De Soto by sent up here? Will your order Captain Dyer to forward in wagons from the bridge some commissary stores. I have here Lieutenant Schwab and Tate, of the Forty-seventh, with twenty-three men, and occasionally more coming in front the country.

H. H. WILLIAMS,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Saint Louis, Mo., October 22, 1864.

Major H. H. WILLIAMS,Pilot Knob:

If you cannot spare men for Farmington or Fredericktown, all right, I think, though, after the Tenth gets to the Knob you can at least occupy Farmington. Send list of all stragglers from our Pilot Knob command as they come in, expect those already reported here. The stores will be sent down by Dyer. You will issue any orders you find necessary in my name about that or anything else and advise men. If you wish you may come now and go to Kansas. In case you leave advise General Miler, and tell him I wish a good officer in command at the Knob. Who is the ranking officer in command at the Knob. Who is the ranking officer there now, and what sort of an officer is he? Rosecrans with his infantry and artillery camped last night ten miles this side of Lexington. Curtis was driven back yesterday noon from Little Blue to Big Blue. I fear Price intends to wipe out Southern Kansas. Major Wilson reported not killed, but still a prisoners.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Saint Louis, Mo., October 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General MILLER,De Soto:

You will strengthen the garrison at Potosi, and endeavor to send there and at each of the principal stations a few cavalry for scouting purposes. See Captain Schenck and order him to send rations to Pilot Knob at once.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

