
LEXINGTON, . MO., October 22, 1864-7.10 a. m.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Wellington:

The general dispatched you at 9.30 last evening that he was satisfied Price would move south, and that he had directed General Smith to move in direction of Pleasant Hill, and you to sent three brigades in same direction; since which your dispatch of 11 p. m. was received this a. m., indicating that most of your command was too far advanced on the Independence road to move as indicated. He therefore leaves to your discretion the route of pursuit, satisfied, however, that Price moved last night, if not before, in a southerly direction. Let a small, efficient command, under an efficient officer, gather up the stragglers and poorly mounted men and form a courier line to this point for two days. Directs them to gather up all our stragglers, whether cavalry or infantry, sending the infantry to Lexington and placing them under the command of some officer; use the cavalry stragglers as a portion of his command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, Blue Creek Bridge, October 22, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,Commanding Department of the Missouri, in the Field:

GENERAL: I have just arrived at this point and find the bridge over the creek destroyed. I am building a temporary bridge over the creek to cross my command. The advance is on the other side of the creek; is skirmishing slightly with the rear guard of the enemy. I shall press forward as rapidly as possible. The indications are that the enemy's whole force passed on this road except about one brigade, which went on the Lone Jack road. All the citizens say the enemy's train passed here.

Very respectfully, yours,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, MO., October 22, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry, Wellington:

The general commanding directs me to say that you wagon train has arrived in charge of Captain J. M. Moore, Seventh Indiana Cavalry, with a small squad of men. He has been ordered to gather up all stragglers as a guard of men. He has been ordered to gather up all stragglers as a guard and go forward, and General Brown has been ordered to send 100 men back to guard it. The general desires you to send out a guard to meet it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

