
LEXINGTON, October 22, 1864-9.45 a. m.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry:

Your dispatch 6 a. m. received. Curtis telegraphs me he makes his stand on the Big Blue. I have no doubt but that the enemy will turn south into Kansas, following up the Big Blue. Not knowing precisely where your cavalry may be I cannot direct your movements. I have no doubt if you can you should move on enemy's left flank, but you must use your best judgment. Twenty-five wagons go forward to you to-day.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, Little Blue Creek Brigade, October 22, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,Commanding Department of the Missouri, in the Field:

GENERAL: A messenger from General Blunt has just reached me. He reports that General Blunt fell back from Independence toward Kansas City last night, and Price now occupies Independence. General Blunt has 8,000 men and thirty-one guns. Price is encamped between Independence and the Big Blue, so General Blunt's messenger informs me. I have made a temporary bridge for artillery here, and McNeil's command is over. The enemy have just opened artillery on my advance.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, Four Miles East of Independence, Mo., October 22, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Four Miles East of Independence, Mo., October 22, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,Commanding Department of the Missouri, in the Field:

GENERAL: Two wounded who left Independence at 12 m. report that the enemy was then moving his trains rapidly through the town in a westerly direction. They report Price, Marmaduke, and Shelby as being with the command yesterday, and Fagan's division in the rear. I am pushing on as fast as possible. There has been some heavy firing on my skirmish line, and have a major and 12 men wounded. A number of the enemy were killed.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Independence, October 22, 1864-4 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, in the Field:

I have just arrived at this place. McNeil's brigade made a gallant charge through and beyond the town, capturing two brass 6-pounders rifled, horses and drivers, complete, and a number of prisoners, and

