
or five long columns on the other side of the Blue this afternoon making off in a southwesterly directions. I have sent McNeil's brigade to Little Santa Fe and from there to the Fort Scout military road, to intercept them, if possible. My people have been going for three days and nights, but are in good spirits. I mentioned in a formed dispatch that we captured two rifled 6-pounders, horses and drivers, complete, in our fight at Independence. It was gallantly done by a charge of Catherwoods' regiment. We have near a hundred prisoners, including a number of officers. General Cabell lost his sword. The enemy are now out of Missouri.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, MO., October 22, 1864-10 p. m.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry, beyond Little Blue:

Inclosed is a dispatch to General Curtis, which please read as expressive of my views in addition to the instructions given you in my dispatch this evening, wherein I omitted to call attention to the probable condition of the enemy. Please consider and act on them.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

LEXINGTON, MO., October 22, 1864-10 p. m.

Major-General CURTIS:

(Through General Pleasonton.)

From Pleasonton's headquarters, three miles west of Little Blue, at 1 p. m. I am led to believe that Price will have moved by to-morrow morning as far south as Hickman Mills, with the intention of going into Kansas and down into the Indian Territory to avoid Steele. He has not procured a remount in Missouri. More than half of his horses are worn down and jaded. He goes into a hostile country to him. Our united forces will, I think, be able very nearly to destroy him. Smith's infantry is well on the way to Pleasant Hill to-night, and can beat Price's cavalry moving. Set in now, strain every nerve, and bend every will to bring the railers to grief. I go to Pleasant Hill to-morrow.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

LEXINGTON, MO., October 22, 1864.

OFFICERS IN CHARGE OF FLAG OF TRUCE:

Take charge of the officer who had charge of flag of truce from General Price and the men with him. See that every comfort is furnished them. Let then deposit their arms in your charge until they can be permitted to rejoin their command. Take the parole of the officer of the flag that he can men will remain within the limits of the Fair-

