HDQRS. SEVENTH MILITARY DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, Saint Joseph, October 22, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, DEPT. OF KANSAS, Kansas City, Mo.:

If my troops expel Price' forces from this side, as I hope and believe, I will try to go to General Curtis' assistance in a day or two.

JAS. CRAIG,Brigadier-General.

CHILLICOTHE, October 22, 1864.

General CRAIG:

No force of the enemy within bound of my scouting operations. I think there is now no considerable force of the enemy this side of the river either in Chariton, Carroll, or Ray. More in Ray than either of the others.

J. H. SHANKLIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

LIBERTY, October 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General CRAIG:

I arrived at this place yesterday morning. The enemy have not approached in force. I shall assume command this afternoon. I will ascertain the enemy's whereabouts to-morrow. There are quite a number of small bands of rebels in this country and the north part of Ray, ranging form 10 to 100. I will review and inspect the troops at this place this afternoon.

L. C. PACE,

Major, &amp;c.

BROOKFIELD, October 22, 1864.

Colonel J. T. K. HAYWARD,

General Superintendent:

DEAR SIR: Engine Livington went west yesterday with No. 5, and gave out at Utica and was towed back to Brookfield. Engine Stranger war repaired ready to run to-day. Regular trains running to-day and one extra west to Saint Joseph. One extra has gone to the mines and the Livingston will go down to Huron extra and return. She will follow Numbers 2, east from here. We have had a report here to-day that some 200 rebels under Ryder or Anderson were marching this way from Carrollton. Our men are quite vigilant and will watch closely for any approach of the enemy. The colonel has again started the block-house, and I am trying to get him to order other fortifications built, such as rifle-pits, but he will not order in the citizens from the country. We could raise a rebel force with teams to the number of seventy-five, which would do any amount of valuable service. I would work them on the general principles, as they claim never to have done anything. They should be made to work, then they will keep right. We never will have peace in this country until that class of men have learned that the Federal Government yet has an existence and prove it to them by

