
forcing them to assist in building breast-works for Union men. Can there be no order issued to touch this? Does General Fisk still command this district? I know he will order it if I can get a letter to him.

I am, very respectfully,

E. J. CRANDALL.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Fisk, with a request that Captain Crandall be assigned to the special duty of erecting fortifications at Brookfield, with right to call in teams, &amp;c.

J. T. K. HAYWARD,

Colonel, Commanding Hannibal District.

KANSAS CITY, MO., October 22, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I took my strong position on the Big Blue last night, by Famine Timber, and the enemy felt my line freely during the forenoon, but moved heavily on my right flank, passing through, and probably capturing a gun with militia force, which I had at the upper crossing. I immediately drew my best forces from my left, and made a charge upon his advance, driving it south and west for several miles, and continuing the fight until dark. I am preparing to renew the attack and pursue it at daylight with all my available cavalry. I have checked the forward movement, and Price retreats southward. A messenger has just arrived from Pleasonton, who attacked his rear this morning, and apparently has damaged him considerably.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

KANSAS CITY, October 22, 1864-6 p. m.

Captain FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

I have held the line of the Big Blue till 3 p. m., when the enemy, in large force, moved round my right flank. My troops attacked and drove them westward, but large numbers follow, so that I have come within the lines of this place with the portion of my troops not in pursuit of the enemy.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 22, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS:

Have been engaged last evening and to-day rallying the people and urging them to go to you. The Seventh has commenced moving in wagons by detachments. I hope by 3 o'clock they will all be off. Have seized steam-boat at city to take back such of the First as left, and, if possible, get the battery back to you. Do yo want me with you, or am I more serviceable here? Would rather be at front.

H. H. HEARTH,

Provost-Marshal-General.

