
a mile cast and west. They are not moving at present. Some dust flying in the immediately vicinity of Independence. No other sign of movements of enemy visible from this station.

J. M. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

REMARK.-Lieutenant Hubbard's station is on the right of the road, two miles, on the Blue, near a ford, guarded by artillery and infantry.

Respectfully,

E. I. MEEKER,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., ARMY OF THE BORDER, Westport, October 22, 1864.

Captain GEORGE S. HAMPTON,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: We engaged the enemy this morning about 9 o'clock at the ford where sent, he attacking. He had no artillery in the morning. I used both dismounted cavalry and artillery with effect. Being pressed by him, and he exhibiting a disposition and ability to outflank me, I fell back to a good position on the prairie, when, being re-enforced by Colonel Moonlight, we drove him from the field, with the loss of about 200, our loss being only inconsiderable, not exceeding 15 wounded, all being brought off and cared for. I captured 150 stand of small-arms from his dead left on the field, and charged him beautifully for four miles. The officers and men behaved handomsely and are deserving great credit. In the last engagement the enemy used four pieces of artillery, with but little effect. We are entirely out of rations and ammunition. The former we need to feed our brave men, and the latter to feed the enemy. Must have both by morning by daylight.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-My headquarters at McGee's, north of Westport.

C. R. J.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, ARMY OF THE BORDER, Near Westport, October 22, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Captain G. S. HAMPTON,Assistant Adjutant-General:

Reports from prisoners captured confirm, in a manner apparently reliable, the current rumors about Price's strength. He says that his force numbered 25,000 when he entered the State, and now numbers not less than 30,000; that he intended to invade Kansas, and is now camped on the Blue with his whole force, about two or three miles below Westport, southeast. I respectfully recommend that a fresh force be sent down the border to keep him out of our State. My men and horses and nearly, in fact are quite, played out and must rest a few hours, and I need rations and ammunition before daylight. Howitzer ammunition and Sharps carbine, caliber .52, included.

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel.

P. S.-Some of my squadrons have been had nothing to east since the fight other side of Independence.

