
KANSAS CITY, October 22, 1864-6 p .m.

Captain FRANK ENO,

Saint Louis:

I have been pressed all day, and this afternoon the enemy passed round my right flank, when I gave him heavy blows. For several hours I have hard firing in the east, and just received a messenger from Pleasonton, who is fighting on the other side.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH KANSAS, Numbers 130. Fort Leavenworth, October 22, 1864.

1. Lieutenant-Colonel Hershfield, Seventh Kansas State Militia, is hereby relieved from duty as commander of the post of Leavenworth City, and will gather up all stragglers in and about the city and proceed immediately to the front and report of Colonel McFarland for duty.

2. Lieutenant Colonel I. W. Fuller, Third Arkansas Cavalry, having reported for duty, is hereby placed temporarily in command of post Leavenworth City and its defenses. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Brigadier-General Davis:

D. J. CRAIGIE,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS, Fort Riley, October 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. STARK,

A. A. A. G., Dept. of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

For the information of the general commanding I would respectfully report that rumors reached here on Sunday last that the Kaw Indians were getting impudent and stealing stock on Lyon's Creek, about thirty miles west of here, and it was reported that the citizens in that vicinity were much frightened, and I immediately ordered a scout to proceed there, who have just returned, and report that the citizens are not frightened nor have any depredations been committed. I will keep you fully posted in regard to operations of Indians, but have no fear of any attack or advance on this post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. HENNING,

Major Third Wisconsin Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding District.

HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Saint Paul, Minn., October 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Commanding Second Sub-District, Fort Ridgely, Minn.:

COLONEL: Your several dispatches of 19th instant, which inclosures, have been received, and your action in sending forward grain to meet the escort form Wadsworth was eminently proper. Orders have been issued to-day changing the stations of troops as well as detaching form your command one company U. S. Volunteers and one section of the

