
battery, under Lieutenant Whipple, for Fort Ripley; one company U. S. Volunteers (F) for Fort Wadsworth; one company Second Cavalry for Sauk Centre, and relieving it by Company G of same regiment, and relieving Company F by Company I of same regiment. There are reasons why Captain Nix's company should be stationed north rather than south of the Minnesota River. It is desirable that the company for Fort Wadsworth should be dispatched as soon as practicable and that all the changes indicated should take place promptly also, so that the several commands may reach their respective destinations before the cold weather sets in. Orders were sent to Fort Wadsworth 11th instant to retain such of the U. S. Volunteers engaged in escort duty as had not left that post on their return, but it is not yet known whether they reached there in time to effect the object. Probably the sixty men of Company I may not have left before the receipt of the order. The ten sixty-mule teams sent you lately by direction of General Sibley have doubtless reached you here this, and will enable the assistant quartermaster to furnish all the transportation necessary to carry out the various provisions of the order, as copy of which is inclosed. The teams to transport the camp equipage, &amp;c., of the company ordered to Fort Wadsworth should have a good supply of forage. General Sibley depends upon your accustomed energy to cause all the movements directed to be made without unavoidable delay. Furloughs, except in very urgent cases, will not be granted until the stations of the troops are reached and all arrangements made, when a certain percentage of the companies raised in this State will be permitted to be absent for a brief period. You will be dully informed when this is determined upon. There should be sent with the company ordered to Fort Wadsworth two or three good reliable men well acquainted with the route. Other orders fixing the location of troops will soon be issued so as to complete to programme. You will please make a report of the number and condition of the horses and mule in your sub-district as soon as practicable.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 223. Saint Paul, Minn., October 22, 1864.

I. The commanding officers of companies of the Eighth Minnesota Volunteers Infantry will turn in to the acting ordnance officer at Fort Snelling all surplus ordnance and ordnance stores in their possession.

II. In accordance with paragraph II of Special Orders, Numbers 168, current series, Department of the Northwest, all enlisted and drafted men and substitutes (rebel deserters) forwarded to this district form department headquarters, or from the headquarters of the District of Wisconsin, are hereby assigned for duty to the battalion of the First Regiment U. S. Volunteers, serving in this command, and will be divided among the several companies, including the company of Connecticut cavalry attacked to that battalion by Special Orders, No-, from these headquarters, so as to equalize their strength as nearly as practicable. A list of the men to be thus assigned will be furnished to Lieutenant-Colonel Tamblyn, commanding the battalion, who is charged with the duty of carrying into effect the provisions of this order.

