
troops will concentrate at once at Fort Bascom and have post as their post of operations, and thence commence the movement against the Kiowas and Comanches. As the season is now getting late every movement becomes more and more and more precious. Every officer and soldiers must therefore do his utmost, not only to take the field promptly, but to accomplish all that can be accomplished in punishing these treacherous savages before the winter fairly sets in. They have wantonly and brutally murdered our people without cause, and robbed them of their property, and it is not proposed that they shall talk and smoke and patch up a peace until they have, if possible, been punished for the atrocities they have already committed. To permit them to do this would be to invite further hostile acts from them as soon as the spring opens and our citizens one more embark in their long journeys across the plains. The various chiefs of the staff departments will furnish Colonel Carson with the means of transportation and supplies necessary to give this order practicable effect.

By command of Brigadier-General Carleton:

BEN C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, October 23, 1864-2 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

Dispatches received to-day from General Canby state that he is moving all his available forces up the Mississippi River to support Steele and prevent Buckner's and Taylor's divisions from crossing the Mississippi. Intercepted dispatches show that Price is expected to return to the Arkansas River and attack Steele in conjunction with Magruder, while Kirby Smith sends a force across the Mississippi to operate in conjunction with Hood. Jeff. Davis' orders to Kirby Smith are positive that he send a force to assist Forrest in cutting off Sherman's communications in Tennessee. Canby is doing all he can to prevent this. As Sherman must wait some time near Atlanta for supplies, I think no time will be lost in delaying Canby's instructions a few days. I regard it of vital importance to Sherman that Hood should not be re-enforced from west of the Mississippi.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, October 23, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

It is of serious importance to me to know at the earliest opportunity whether my assignment to the command of the Department of the Gulf is temporary or permanent. I have the honor, therefore, to request that any orders on the subject from Washington may be sent to me as soon as received.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.

