
INDEPENDENCE, October 16, 1864.

Major CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

If you allow me to send that force into Lexington, would recommend that you send me a telegraph operator to take charge of this office, as I want to take Bassett along and fit line and open communication from there. The operator at Lexington has left and gone to Saint Louis from there. If this meets the approval of the general, our forces will be in Lexington to-morrow morning at daylight.

FORD,

Colonel, &amp;C.

INDEPENDENCE, October 16, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT:

Can you send me the operator from Wyandotte, to remain here for two or three days, as Mr. McMurtrie can do the business there for the general while he is gone? I want to open communication between here and Lexington and let you know anything that is new there. I will take Bassett along if you can't send other. Please send McMurtrie.

FORD,

Colonel, &c.

WYANDOTTE, October 16, 1864.

Colonel FORD,

Independence:

Go ahead; send Major Smith. We have no operator unless we send you McMurtie, whose arrival would delay you.

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND COLORADO CAVALRY,Independence, Mo., October 16, 1864.

Captain GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dist. of South Kansas:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to the major-general commanding the following movements: I sent a scout of twenty-five men down the Lexington road, starting it at noon. The detachment crossed the Little Blue, returning late last evening. They report nothing of importance. Captain West, Company F, with fifty men, left at 2 a.m. to-day on the same road, to return to-night. I repaired the telegraph line between this place and Kansas City yesterday, and to-day Captain Moses, Company M, has gone to Pleasant Hill with forty men to scout the country and repair the telegraph line also. I also intend sending this p.m. a small scout on the road toward Blue Springs and Lone Jack. An agent of the stage company came in last evening from Lexington. He states that on the night of the 13th the militia, under Captain Eads, left the place, crossing the river. The next morning guerrillas, rebel officers, and soldiers commenced coming in in small squads of from five to fifteen until when he left (4 p.m.) there must have been 100 there. They stated that they were Price's advance, and that he was at Boonville, not stating his force. They intend conscripting and

