
who wish to enlist and are suitable for soldiers. General Andrews will send a boat to Clarendon to be there at such time as the commanding officer of the party expects to be opposite that place for the purpose of ferrying it across the river. Doctor Fryrear will act as guide. You will please notify General Andrews when the party leaves camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 224. Saint Louis, Mo., October 23, 1864.

1. Colonel Thomas C. Fletcher, Forty-seventh Missouri Volunteers, will proceed to Rolla, Mo., and collect that portion of his regiment now at that post and conduct them to Pilot Knob. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

PILOT KNOB, October 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

* * * * * *

My scouts were in Patterson and Centreville yesterday; had several fights with bushwhackers; killed a number. Heard from Fredericktown to-day. No large rebel force in this country, many small ones. One man killed by them near Caledonia night before last. Four citizens robbed at Middlebrook last night. Captain Leeper is on the warpath. None of the Enrolled Missouri Militia had arrived at Fredricktown at 8 o'clock this morning.

H. H. WILLIAMS,

Major, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, MO., October 23, 1864-4.30 p. m.

General EWING:

I have ordered the battery, two companies of cavalry, and five companies of infantry to Hermann. One company infantry remains to garrison this post, and I take one company cavalry to Franklin with me, establishing headquarters division there. I send to-morrow 60 prisoners to work at Moselle bridge.

E. C. PIKE,

Brigadier-General.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., October 23, 1864-8.50 p. m.

CHIEF TELEGRAPHER,

Kansas City:

Start repairers to repair the line to this place at daylight to-morrow and let the telegrapher that belongs here return.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

