
INDEPENDENCE, MO., October 23, 1864-8.25 p. m.

Mr. CRAIN,

Chief Telegrapher, Army in the Field, Beyond Lexington, end of telegraph wire:

Commanding officers of courier line beyond Sedalia have been ordered to bring forward their squads until the line is completed to Lexington and report to you. To repair if farther west at present will be impracticable. Have an operator placed at Lexington, and move to Pleasant Hill with your escort with all possible dispatch. The line by Warrensburg to Pleasant Hill and Kansas City will be put in order as soon as practicable. It is presumed the other end does not need it. We shall want an operator at Pleasant Hill and one at this place. Telegraph Captain Clowry to repair the line above.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

INDEPENDENCE, October 23, 1864-8.25 p. m.

Commanding OFFICERS OF COURIER LINE FROM SEDALIA TO LEXINGTON:

Commence at Sedalia and close up your lines to the telegraphers,accompanying him till the line is completed to Lexington. Supply yourselves with plenty of rations before you start and then march directly to Pleasant Hill, escorting the telegrapher, taking such orders from him as may be necessary in the performance of his duties.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

OCTOBER 23, 1864-4.30 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

En route to Independence, Mo.:

I have just arrived at the crossing of Little Blue, five miles from town (Independence), and will await the arrival of my whole command, feed, get supper, &amp;c., and will then be ready to move forward if you so direct. In case I do not hear from you before 1 a. m. to-night I will march at that hour. If you are in Independence I can join you on short notice. I have heard nothing from Pleasonton to-day. A report reached me early on the march that Magruder was marching up with a considerable force and would join Price to-day. I do not believe the report, but took the necessary precautions against an attack. I will have a courier at Hickman.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., October 23, 1864-5 p. m.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Camp on Little Blue:

Just arrived here. No news from Pleasonton since morning, but firing has gradually died away. Suppose he is too busy to write. Send back the cavalry I sent you and one of your orderlies (if not to tired) with an account of your march and all the information you have of the

