
my attack on him yesterday, he intended to take Kansas City. I am nearer to him than I could get by any flank movement of my whole force. I sent McNeil last night to Little Santa Fe to get on the military road ahead of them, if possible, or on their flank, if in motion. My advance as now engaged. My difficulty is that the militia cavalry cannot fight as old troops, and lose too much time. They cannot fight continuously all day, and my force is too small to rout Price's army. I have sent your dispatches to General Curtis, but do not know where he is. Have not heard from him. If Smith gets to Pleasant Hill to-day he should strike at once for the military road, but from the way the rebs are traveling I think he will be too late. Winslow's fighting during the night has been very good. Major Le Fever is wounded, and five or six other officers. My loss is 40 or 50 killed and wounded. Seventeen of the enemy were killed in the capture of the guns yesterday, and their loss has been heavy in wounded and prisoners. I will do my best to delay the enemy for Smith to come up.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Am sending to Lone Jack to communicate with Smith. My command is passing beyond the Blue. Please send some hospital supplies to Independence for the wounded there. The rebels stripped the town. From the Little Blue to the present time have been fighting steadily.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Beyond Big Blue Creek, October 23, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding has gone to the front to crowd his command forward. He directs me to say that he has effected a crossing of the blue after a very stubborn fight. Our losses are not known yet. Blunt is near and is fighting Shelby on our right. The enemy is moving south and this command is pushing forward as fast as possible. Marmaduke is in our front. McNeil may strike their train, which is making for the military road. The supply train has just reported. Colonel Winslow was shot in the leg, but is till commanding his brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLIFFORD THOMSON,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, EIGHT MILES SOUTH OF WESTPORT,Near Military Road, October 23, 1864-3 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I have just reached this point after a day's hard fighting, and struck the enemy in the flank, and I inflicted all the damage I could, and I finally connected with General Blunt, and we then started

