
the enemy on the run, chasing him about six miles across the prairie on the gallop. We have some prisoners, and have killed many of the enemy. He is pushing on rapidly, and I am following, as is General Blunt also. General Curtis is also here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., October 23, 1864.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Camp, Military Road:

Yours of 3 p. m. received. Happy to hear the favorable result so far. I believe your combined force will be sufficient to destroy or demoralize Price's force. I regret Smith did not get your dispatch in time, as he is now encamped within five miles of this town. You will move to Little Santa Fe, following on their left flank, and co-operating with General Curtis' force. General Smith will be your support, and probably reach Little Santa Fe at the same time with you. Confer with him in reference to what further movements of infantry will be advantageous. I have asked General Curtis to try to get you a remount. Your supply train is here, and will be pushed down behind General Smith. I will probably be at Hickman Mills myself to-morrow night. You will see by McNeil's dispatch that General Smith's movement this way was a contretemps. I will send a dispatch to guide McNeil.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,Little Santa Fe, October 23, 1864-7 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Since my last dispatch have moved to this point in pursuit. Generals Curtis and Blunt, with their forces, some 3,000 volunteers, besides militia [are here]. We had a severe battle to-day, from daybreak until about 3 o'clock, on the Big Blue, while General Curtis was engaged with a heavy force at Westport. My loss is heavy. Colonel Winslow badly wounded in the leg. He behaved most gallantly. A rebel general, said to be Marmaduke, was killed in my fight last night. Price had from 20,000 to 30,000 men fighting Curtis and myself. They charged us very gallantly on the prairie and I was obliged to protect my people by double-shotted canister. They are badly punished and demoralized. They burned one dozen wagons on the road to-day to prevent our getting them. I arrested General Brown and Colonel McFerran to-day, the first for disobedience of orders and gross neglect of duty in face of the enemy and Colonel McFerran for permitting his regiment to be broken up and straggle scandalously. I shall prefer charges in these cases.* Have heard nothing of McNeil to-day; he was ordered to be at this point at daylight this morning. Enemy are making a stand about five miles from here on military road. Shall start at daylight in pursuit with General Curtis' troops. Medical Director

---------------

*These officers were subsequently tried before a General Court-Martial, found not guilty, and acquitted-Vide General Orders, Nos.226 and 228, Department of the Missouri, December 15 and 21, 1864.

---------------

