
INDEPENDENCE, MO., October 23, 1864-8.45 p. m.*

Major-General CURTIS,

Indian Creek, Mo.:

Your dispatch 2.30 p. m. received. Am happy to hear such good news. I reiterate my belief expressed in my yesterday's dispatch to you that our combined forces can bring Price's command to grief. Infantry can co-operate, reaching Little Santa Fe to-morrow evening, and perhaps farther. Will use every available means of transportation to supply you via Pleasant Hill. Please use your influence to get the Kansas people to supply Pleasonton with horses. The result will amply repay them for their outlay and any inconvenience to them resulting therefrom. McNeil saw enemy's train passing Little Santa Fe at 2 p. m.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., October 23, 1864-11.45 p. m.

General CURTIS:

Since my last dispatch General Smith has been up, and after conversation with him I have come to the conclusion to add thereto as follows: If you can possibly harass the enemy's rear guard strongly and firmly, and pass the main part of your command to the south of him, General Smith will come up and destroy him. Don't fail to do this. Let your militia cut off all his foraging parties right and left, and your infantry join General Smith if it can keep up with him. He will reach the vicinity of Santa Fe, Bartison's old place, by 6 o'clock to-morrow morning. His command will be on the Hickman Mills road by 2 o'clock. As he has been familiar with this part of the country he has no doubt but that he will reach the military road, near Bartison's old place, by 6 a. m. Let General Pleasonton read and be government by this.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

LITTLE SANTA FE, October 23, 1864-6.03 p. m.

Captain M. H. INSLEY,

Fort Scott:

I attacked Price this morning about 7 o'clock, in front. Pleasonton attacked him about same time on right flank and rear. Have had a hard day's fighting, but we have broke him up in business. By 1 p. m. he was completely routed and in full retreat. We have been pressing his rear hard, and shall continue to do so to the end. I think we will make him drop his train, if nothing worse. He will have no time to call at Fort Scott, but if he should you must fight him to the last extremity. We will be close upon his heels. The militia to-day behaved splendidly, and all did their whole duty. I have never seen officers or men behave more gallantly than did the regular troops to-day.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

I cannot tell yet the extent of our losses.

J. G. B.

---------------

*For this dispatch as quoted by Curtis, see Part I, p. 492.

---------------

14 R R-VOL XLI, PT IV

