
say they intend to hold the State. This man also judged from a remark which one of them dropped that there was a rebel force on the north side of the river. Todd was expected into Lexington yesterday. I have received no further news of importance. Captain West has just returned. He traveled fifteen miles on the Lexington road, but could learn nothing. I shall send out to-night a large scout, which will probably go to or near Lexington, if it meets with the approval of the major-general commanding.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel Second Colorado Cavalry, Commanding.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., October 16, 1864.

Lieutenant R. S. ROE,

Adjutant Second Colorado Cavalry:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report for the information of the colonel commanding that, in obedience to his order, I left this station this morning at 2 o'clock with fifty non-commissioned officers and privates, of Companies I and L, moving eastward on the Lexington road to a point about fifteen miles from this place; thence moved south to Fire Prairie; thence east to the Little Blue about three miles above the Lexington road; thence scouted in a southwesterly direction, striking the Spring Branch road about five miles east of this place; thence on said road to Independence. Distance traveled, thirty-five miles. I saw no enemy and no signs of any force having been on the ground scouted by me since the last rain. I found the telegraph in repair for the whole distance traveled on the Lexington road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. WEST,

Captain, Second Colorado Cavalry, Commanding Company F.

WYANDOTTE, October 16, 1864.

Colonel DRAKE,

Paola:

General Blunt informed me you wanted guns. The troops that are coming on better come forward and get guns here. Let me know how many need guns. If you want guns for troops remaining at Paola send to Fort Leavenworth and they will be sent from there immediately. The enemy seem divided-some on north side of river; some entered Lexington day before yesterday, and about 5,000 were fighting our troops at Sedalia yesterday. I was at Independence and Hickman Mills yesterday and during the night. The Fort Scott troops have arrived. The militia are closing in from all quarters. Press forward all you can toward Hickman Mills.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

PAOLA, October 16, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Am sending every mounted man to the front via Aubrey, whether armed or not. As the militia have no transportation I send them from post to post for forage and subsistence. Have forwarded about 600

