
Trumpeter Walter Walker, Farrier Gilbert C. Lyons, and Privates William C. Mayer and William H. Norton, of Company I, First Nebraska Cavalry Veteran Volunteers, in bravely, ably, and successfully contending with a largely superior force of hostile Indians near Plum Creek, Nebr. Terr., on the 13th instant. Their valor, spirit, coolness, and determination are worthy of all praise and furnish for the troops of this district an example which, if followed, will almost invariably bring them success, and will always bring them honor.

* * * * * *

By command of Brigadier General Robert B. Mitchell:

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KEOKUK, October 23, 1864.

Major J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Department:

Arrived here this morning. It is the belief here the guerrillas will make a raid on this place before they leave Northern Missouri. There is only one company of militia in the city armed. There are from 300 to 400 men here not well enough to go into the field, but able to do guard duty. They wan these armed. Shall I order Captain Gaston to send what arms make all safe. I think the militia is able to take care of the border. Will report more fully by mail. Please send orders with regard to guns to Davenport.

EDWARD P. TEN BROECK,

Major Sixth Iowa Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., October 23, 1864.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

GENERAL: I had the honor to receive your letter of the 19th ultimo on the 18th instant,* and have organized a small force to co-operate with General Blunt against the Kiowas and Comanches. Inclosed please find General Orders, Numbers 32,+ current series, from these headquarters, and the copy of a letter,# dated the 22nd instant, from myself to General Blunt. I hope you will put a large force into the field, so as to make this the last war that will be necessary to prosecute against these two, the most treacherous tribes of the plains.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., October 23, 1864.

Colonel CHRISTOPHER CARSON,

At Maxwell's Ranch, on the Cimarron River, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: Inclosed herewith please find General Orders, Numbers 32,+ current series, from these headquarters, which organizes and expedition under your command to proceed against hostile Kiowas and Coman-

---------------

*See Part III, p. 260.

---------------

+See p. 198.

#See p. 197.

