
shes. As you see, I have given you more men than you asked for because it is my desire that you give those Indians, especially the Kiowas, a severe drubbing. Inclosed is also a copy of a letter* which I send by mail to General Blunt. I do not wish to embarrass you with minute instructions. You know where to find the Indians, you know what atrocities they have committed, you know how to punish them. The means and men are placed at your disposal to do it, and now all the rest is left with you. I need not repeat to you the orders given to all commanders whom I have sent out to fight Indians, that women and children will not be killed; only men who bears arms. Of course I know that in attacking a village women and children are liable to be killed, and this cannot, in the rush and confusion of a fight, particularly at night, be avoided, but let none be killed willfully and wantonly. We make war upon men who have murdered and robbed our people. I have written to General Crocker that if thirty of the Mescalero Apaches wish to go under Cadetta they can come to Bascom with Captain Fritz and join you there. In this case the general will give them a blanket and shirt apiece and arm them. They complaint that their horses are poor. They will be told that they can get better ones from the Kiowas. You had better come at once to Fort Union and see everything started to suit yourself, and then returned to Maxwell's and go on with the Utes. Remember to take everything from Union which you will require for packing, as at Fort Bascom you will find little or nothing belonging to the post for this purpose. Should you get among the buffaloes you can stay out, if necessary, a much longer time than you otherwise could. Be sure and take some spades and axes so as to form an intrenched camp for wounded men and supplies if necessary.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

U. S. MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON, FLAG-SHIP BLACK HAWK,

Memphis, Tenn., October 24, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Mil. Div. of West Mississippi, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: Permit me to thank you for sending me and the commanding officers of the vessels in this squadron your circular of the 18th instant. I herewith inclose a copy of my orders to the district commanders, and fell confident that no lack of vigilance on their part will enable the enemy to accomplish the crossing proposed. In this connection allow me to repeat that I trust Admiral Farragut will send the Manhattan and Tennessee to this squadron. Their services in cases like the present would be invaluable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. PENNOCK,

Captain, Commanding Mississippi Squadron.

[Inclosure.]

MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON, FLAG-SHIP BLACK HAWK,

Memphis, Tenn., October 23, 1864.

SIR: I have been informed by a member of General Canby's staff of the capture of an intercepted cipher dispatch, the original of which has doubtless reached its destination, from Jefferson Davis to the rebel

---------------

*See p. 197.

---------------

