
cient to drive Price out of Missouri, and wished you to pursue him as closely as possible. Steele was holding Magruder in check on the Arkansas, while J. J. Reynolds was collecting troops on the White River to meet Price on his return. Dispatches for General Canby should be directed to mouth of White River. Steele and Reynolds should be kept advised as far as possible of Price's movements. Keep me informed of your movements in order that I may communicate them to General Grant.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

LITTLE SANTA FE, MO., October 24, 1864.

Major-General CANBY,

Commanding Mil. Div. of West Mississippi, New Orleans:

Your dispatch of 15th received.* Since my last Price drove Curtis' advance on the Independence road from Little Blue to the vicinity of Westport, where a pretty sharp action took place yesterday morning, which was terminated by our cavalry having crossed the Big Blue and coming into the fight about 10 or 11 o'clock. The enemy gave away after a sharp contest, in which he made some gallant charges, retreating at high speed and in confusion across the prairie, pursued by our troops and those of General Curtis, about 3,000 cavalry, until night. Our cavalry resumed pursuit this a. m. on the Line road to Fort Scott, and I have no news of what has happened since 9 this morning. In the pursuit Pleasonton overtook the enemy's rear guard at Little Blue, eight miles east of Independence, and pushed it across the Big Blue by the evening of 22nd, losing some 49 killed and wounded and taking 2 pieces of artillery complete, including drivers and a number of prisoners. In the battle of yesterday our loss in killed and wounded was some 200. We captured a number of prisoners. The enemy will probably go by Fort Scott and the Indian Territory. Can General Steele's command to some mischief either to him or General Magruder before they reunite, in case we do not overtake and scatter them, of which I think there is considerable hope.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

LITTLE SANTA, FE., MO., October 24, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM MYERS,

Assistant Quartermaster, Saint Louis:

Send provisions for Colonel Haines to Rolla. Fill Rolla with provisions. Stores cannot be sent beyond Rolla to Springfield until we know Price will not retreat by that line or halt near Springfield within striking distance of the line. Three days will probably determine this, and every preparation should be made to start as soon as this is announced.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Part III, p. 885.

---------------

