
LITTLE SANTA FE, MO., October 24, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry:

Yours of 8.30 a. m. duly received. Smith started last night to go to Hickman Mills. Somehow he got on the wrong road and at 1 p. m. was only nine miles out of Independence. Where he is now we don't know. We hope he has pushed on. People here say Price will go by Springfield. He should be kept near the border where the country will not support him. Will try to reach you. Strain every nerve and don't spare horseflesh.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, October 24, 1864-3.15 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Jefferson City, Mo.:

The special messenger sent from these headquarters on the 17th instant, with dispatches for the commanding general in the field, was turned back at Jefferson City, and his dispatches receipted for by A. R. Conklin, acting assistant adjutant-general. It is desirable that these messengers carry their dispatches through, and all commanding officers are required to furnish them every facility for so doing.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SANTA FE, October 24, 1864-6 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel MATTHEWS,

Commanding, Independence:

The general commanding wishes an operator to come and join him here. Will you see if one can be sent from Independence? If not, telegraph for one to be sent from Kansas City. Tell the Independence operator to test the line to Warrensburg and ascertain if Mr. Clowry has given orders to start repairers from both sides, and, if not, direct him to do so at once in name of the general commanding the department.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

IN THE FIELD,

Six Miles from New Santa Fe, October 24, 1864-2 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I fell back from the position where I fought the entire force of Price yesterday afternoon to this point on the prairie, and went into camp at 4 p. m. My horses and men will now have one night's rest. Forage plenty, water scarce, but we are in good fighting trim. We are out of rations and need our regimental wagons badly. Many of my horses are giving out. The enemy are camped at Hickman Mills and at the crossing of the Blue on the Santa Fe road, and have been moving round a ridge road leading from the former to the latter place all the fore part of the night. Vedettes have reported

