
scout out south and they will be in this evening. I have constantly out scouting parties twenty-five miles. I have no late news from Brooks' and Brown's forces. The rebels appear as though they expect Stand Watie up soon, but I think it is very uncertain when he comes. I will be informed of his approach in time to make ready for him. So soon as I get any information of Price, or any other information of interest, I will dispatch to you immediately.

Colonel, I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

MILTON BURCH,

Major, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, October 24, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK:

Send courier and find the 300 cavalry left by Colonel Howland (they were ordered to make a scout to Boonville and return to vicinity of Marston's Bridge, crossing La Mine, on the Boonville and Georgetown road); then send this cavalry escort to the train of commissary stores and ordnance stores from Sedalia to Warrensburg. Push the matter. Send as much infantry as is necessary.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

LA MINE BRIDGE, October 24, 1864.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff, in the Field:

Two hundred thousand rations in Warrensburg to-night. Ammunition trains are at Warrensburg waiting orders from the field. Colonel Moore is at Warrensburg. Everything has been pushed forward from this point without delay.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

BROOKFIELD, October 24, 1864.

General CRAIG:

The rebels crossed our road at 1.30 o'clock this p. m. on mile east of Bucklin, 500 strong, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel McDaniel, C. S. Army. They had about 100 men, veterans, of Shelby's command, and the balance are conscripts; 150 of them are boys less than sixteen years of age. All but the veterans are poorly armed and have no ammunition. A force of over 200 well-armed men left this post at 6 o'clock to intercept them. Will report to you in morning result of campaign.

E. J. CRANDALL.

LIBERTY, MO., October 24, 1864.

General CRAIG:

My dispatch to you of movements of rebel north of me was captured. Large numbers are between me and Plattsburg, only seven miles from this place. I expect an attack to-morrow morning. There

