
are not less than 500 north and northeast of me. If you have the command at Chillicothe and Major Cranor's cavalry, too, move south with all possible rapidity. We will be able to bag the whole command. A fight will be almost inevitable to-morrow. Answer immediately.

L. C. PACE,

Major, Volunteers.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., October 24, 1864.

Colonel SHANKLIN,

Chillicothe:

Price repulsed near Kansas City and again at Westport. Was in full retreat yesterday evening. Curtis and Pleasonton pursuing. Look out for Colonel Bohannon's command. They are still on the north side, and somewhere between you and Plattsburg, some 300 strong.

JAS. CRAIG,

Brigadier-General.

CHILLICOTHE, October 24, 1864.

General CRAIG:

I have just received reliable information that Bohannon was at Shanghai, in Carroll County morning. His force was estimated at 250. He was evidently trying to cross the river, but seemed to be deterred by the reported presence of our forces on the opposite side. I propose to send a force into Carroll sufficient to cope with the force reported there.

J. H. SHANKLIN,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Macon, October 24, 1864-5.29 p. m.

Captain FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

From a variety of sources, and reliable, I learned that force of rebels from 400 to 500 encamped sixteen miles northeast of here, conscripting and robbing as they went. I immediately started every man I could under Captain Franklin, some in wagons to be mounted on the way, all numbering 206. Within the last half hour eight different men have come in from Goodland, twenty miles north of here, and report the same force passed through that place on their way, as they said, to Kirksville. I have also sent by special messenger to Colonel Shelton, commanding Forty-fifth Enrolled Missouri Militia, who is now on a scout through Sullivan and Putnam Counties, with a force of 300 men, to immediately change his direction, and, if possible, form a junction with my men. I still have a force to hold this post. Colonel Forbes and Lieutenant-Colonel Stauber are both below after Anderson. We have 325 men here.

A. W. BILLINGS,

Major, Commanding Post.

