
FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 24, 1864.

General CURTIS:

Following just received:

FORT SCOTT, October 23, 1864.

Captain JOHN WILLANS:

Refugee train from Fort Smith, escorted by detachment of Sixth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell, was attacked at Cow Creek by party of bushwhackers, and 16 men killed and part of train burned. I have sent to their assistance.

D. S. VITTUM,

Commanding, Post.

JOHN WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SANTA FE, October 24, 1864.

Captain WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I telegraphed to my wife yesterday from Kansas City. I am well. Pleasonton is here with a good force of cavalry. McNeil is just in the rear, on the other side of the Blue. Smith ought to be just east of here. We fought all day yesterday, commencing near Westport, and drove them by this place. We are pressing him hard and doubtless will punish him bad this day will follow him. Urge the horses forward to Paola and Fort Scott, general says, at the rate of seven or eight miles an hour. Show this to my wife.

R. H. HUNT,

Major and Chief of Artillery.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS, Numbers 1. Paola, Kansas, October 24, 1864.

I. Lieutenant Colonel S. A. Drake, Seventeenth Regiment Kansas Volunteers, is hereby temporarily relieved from the command of the post of Paola, and will turn over to his successor all the books and papers connected with the office.

II. Captain Tompkins, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, will temporarily relieve Lieutenant Colonel S. A. Drake in command of post of Paola.

III. Lieutenant-Colonel Drake will take all the available force in and about Paola and two days' cooked rations, and march at once to Mound City, Kans. Upon his arrival at that place he will be governed in his movements by the existing circumstances.

IV. The assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence will furnish the necessary transportation and subsistence.

By command of Major-General Blunt:

J. E. TAPPAN,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

PAOLA, October 24, 1864.

Captain VITTUM:

The main body of the rebels are moving south along the State line, Pleasonton and Blunt following up. The danger at Fort Scott is in a

