
detached cavalry force paying you a visit. General Blunt and Colonel Blair think they will not cross into Kansas, except raiders and small in numbers. Blunt's little army have done some good fighting.

C. WILLETTS.

KANSAS CITY, MO., October 24, 1864-7.30 a. m.

Major-General CURTIS:

I received your verbal order on the field last evening to urge forward all mounted troops. I have been engaged all night in that duty, and having lost two nights' sleep I am physically unable to come to the front. I can and will continue to do any at this post that you may desire, but would ask to be relieved, if not further needed, as I desire very much to return to my family.

Yours to command,

W. Y. ROBERTS.

IN THE FIELD,

On Line Road, opposite Paola, October 24, 1864-12 m.*

Colonel DRAKE,

Commanding at Paola:

Your post and all north are now safe against Price's movements, as the advance of my pursuit is now south of you and continuing rapidly. I hope fresh mounted troops will press down on Price's flank by the Fort Scott road, and by traveling night and day striking hi strain and securing his plunder. He is scattering his heavy baggage along the road, but making rapid progress due south. I have fears he may move against Fort Scott, but shall press him so hard to-night I hope he will not dare to make that divergence. Try to press provisions south to supply us as we go or on our return.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 24, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. S. JOHNSON,

Commanding, Olathe:

You will communicate with headquarters Army of the Border that the horses have arrived at Olathe. General Curtis is in the neighborhood of Little Santa Fe. Send a pretty good detachment if you think there is danger. Advise them that the horses are there. They may want them for immediate use.

JOHN WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MILWAUKEE, WIS., October 24, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SULLY,

Sioux City, Iowa:

No occasion to send troops from your command to Southern Iowa.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

---------------

*For this dispatch as quoted by Curtis, see Part I, p. 493.

---------------

