
ing with 10th instant and until further orders. With your permission, the bearer, Lieutenant J. C. Fortune, Marine regiment, will carry your orders to Brigadier-General Dennis and receive the returns desired.

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mouth of White River, Ark., October 28, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Dennis, who will make, in accordance with the inclosed request, reports of that portion of Second Division, Nineteenth Corps, which formerly belonged to the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps.

These reports are for the information of General Dana, and will not supersede other reports for headquarters Nineteenth Army Corps, &amp;c., as now required.

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

S. C. FARRINGTON,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 46. Vicksburg, Miss., October 25, 1864 .

It having come to the attention of the major-general commanding that State recruiting agents and officers in the army are in some instances guilty of neglecting their duties and seeking employment before military courts and commissions as counsel in case of citizens and others, they, and all concerned, are hereby notified that no person in the military service of the United States, or of any State, and drawing pay therefrom, will be permitted to appear and practice as counsel before such tribunals, except in case where an officer or soldier may voluntarily and without compensation in any form whatever appear in the defense of a brother officer or soldier. While persons before military tribunals will be permitted to employ proper counsel to assist them, they will not be permitted to employ those whose time and labor belong to the Government. No person will be permitted to practice before any military tribunal in this command who is not thoroughly loyal to the United States Government, and who has not taken the oath of allegiance thereto, and at all times faithfully observed the same. Nor will these tribunals permit any person to appear before them as counsel in any case who has been dishonorably dismissed the service. Military courts are seats of honor and justice a like. Any violation of this order will be punished by the sentence of a court-martial in the case of any officer, and the summary expulsion from the limits of the command of any person so offending.

By order of Major General N. J. T. Dana:

T. H. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, October 25, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Information received at these headquarters that 2,000 rebel troops are threatening Palmyra and Quincy. Is this true? Please answer.

JOHN COOK,

Brigadier-General.

