HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Osage Battle-field, October 25, 1864-1.40 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I commenced fighting at daybreak this morning at Trading Post, on the road to Fort Scott, and after two engagements with Price's force succeeded in capturing 7 pieces of artillery, 1 major-general (Marmaduke), 1 brigadier-general (Cabell), 5 colonels, many other officers, between 500 and 1,000 prisoners, 2 stand of colors, and between 50 and 60 wagons. All the fighting was done by General Sanborn's, Colonel Philips', and Lieutenant-Colonel Benteen's brigades, General McNeil having failed to come up. The cavalry behaved most handsomely, and the enemy admit that they were badly defeated where they expected to obtain a victory. I cut Price's army in two, and with proper support could have rendered our success even more decisive and glorious than it was. The enemy does not now attempt to make a stand, and I am pushing him as fast as the jaded and exhausted condition of my command will permit. General Curtis is giving me every assistance that he can, but as yet his troops have not been engaged. General Sanborn, Colonel Philips, and Lieutenant-Colonel Benteen handled their brigades admirably, and carried out all my instructions. Colonel N. Cole, my chief of staff, rendered me every assistance and I recommend him to the favorable notice of the Government. Major Suess, Captain Yates, and Lieuts. C. Thomson and G. H. Thompson, of my staff, also rendered me most valuable assistance. I will write a more detailed report when there is less fighting to do.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Camp Coldwater Grove, October 25, 1864.

Captain JOSEPH T. FOSTER,

First Iowa Cavalry, Conducting Flag of Truce:

CAPTAIN: The major-general commanding directs that you proceed with the flag of truce under your charge via Paola, Kans., thence south to some point where you can with safety to the flag permit the bearers to proceed within their lines, when you will return with as little delay as practicable to your command. You will supply your command with subsistence and forage from the country, giving receipts therefor, as prescribed by regulations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLDWATER GROVE, October 25, 1864-9.30 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

Send with the haste possible a train of commissary stores and 2,00 horseshoes with supply of nails to Pleasant Hill, Mo. This without fail. From Pleasant Hill the train will be escorted by General Smith. We are out of provisions.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

