
Blunt are both away down in Missouri after Price. Had a fight near Valley Station, and killed 12 Cheyennes, took 11 ponies and 1 mule, and all their traps. They had a fresh scalp of a white woman and the bills of lading for Moffitt's and other's goods, destroyed on the Platte some time ago. Captain Nichols killed all in the party.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding District.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 16, 1864.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

Salt Lake City, Utah:

Give all the protection in your power to the overland route between you and Fort Kearny, without regard to department lines. General Curtis' forces have been diverted by rebel raids from Arkansas.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

DAVENPORT, October 16, 1864.

Major General J. POPE:

Dispatches received that Price has crossed the Missouri and advancing toward Iowa. I do not know how far to credit. Anderson and Jackson's gangs are just below our border, near Davis and Appanoose Counties, of this State. Jackson's gang has been over, and murdered, robbed, and thieved.

N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, October 17, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

New Orleans:

GENERAL: Yours of the 5th instant in regard to inspection in Department of Arkansas is just received.* More recent accounts indicate some improvement in the condition of that command, but still there seems to be great neglect and inefficiency there which absolutely require correction. After full reports on the routes, the quartermaster-general ordered that no more trains be sent from Fort Leavenworth to Forts Gibson and Smith, but that those places be supplied by Little Rock. General Grant has decided that if they cannot be so supplied these posts must be evacuated and the troops be drawn in. We have no official information from General Steele and have had none for several weeks. We learn, however, from other sources that he neither opposed the crossing of the Arkansas River by Price and Shelby, nor sent any forces in pursuit of them; that they have passed with little or no opposition through more than half of Missouri, destroying all the great railroads, and are now moving up the Missouri River toward the frontiers

---------------

*See Part III, p. 629.

---------------

