
A considerable force of the enemy are near Liberty, supposed to be trying to cross the river. You are desired by the general to prevent them, if possible. Captain Lee will forward this to Kingston, with instructions to Lieutenant Estep to forward with all speed to Knoxville and on to Richmond. From there messengers must go with all speed.

W. D. McDONALD,

Major Thirty-third Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,Battle-field on the Osage, October 25, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

By continuing the pursuit of Price all day yesterday and part of the night we awakened him up at daylight this morning at his camp, on the Marais des Cygnes, where we skirmished and fought two hours, General Pleasonton in the advance. We routed Price and took 1 gun, 1 caisson, 12 of his wagons, many cattle, sheep, and horses, and much furniture strewn through his camp. We immediately renewed the pursuit, and at this place he deployed his whole line and made an obstinate and desperate resistance. The battle lasted one hour and was very sever. Our cavalry finally made a charge against his whole line and took many prisoners, among whom were Generals Marmaduke and Cabell, 5 colonels, and many inferior officers. We also took 5 more guns and secured a complete victory. All the troops in my command deserve the highest commendation for their courage and gallantry during this campaign, especially at the battles of the Big Blue, Marais des Cygnes, and the Osage. The enemy's losses are great. Mine are considerable, but cannot yet be ascertained.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, October 25, 1864.

Captain JOHN WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Accompanying this is a letter that I wish to be laid before the commanding general at the earliest moment.

I am, sir, respectfully,

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, October 25, 1864.

Captain JOHN WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: On the 10th instant I was in command of the District of South Kansas and my troops were in shape to concentrate at any point on the Missouri line. The same date I telegraphed to General Curtis that I would take the field and keep it as long as I could. In reply I received an order depriving me of my command, substituting a junior

