
in my place, and directing me to repair to these headquarters. This at a time when the enemy was approaching the pickets covering the front of my command. Against this action of the department commander I made no protest, as it was then generally understood that orders from the War Department required my services elsewhere. Senator Lane, of Kansas, publicly gave out that he had succeeded in having me relieved from duty, and officers at department headquarters supposed to know had stated that I was ordered East. Upon my arrival at Fort Leavenworth I expected to receive the orders in question. I cannot but believe that had they long withheld, and now the inference is that they do not exist. Neither did the department commander, upon setting out for the border, leave any orders or instructions for my guidance, and though he was officially informed on the 12th instant that I was present at this post, yet up to this date no orders affecting me have been received. In view of the above facts, and in view of what I consider a great wrong inflicted upon me at a critical condition of the district under my control, I most respectfully desire to be informed whether I was removed from my command by General Curtis under instructions from the War Department; whether at the instance or suggestion of any political person or faction in the State of Kansas, or from whatever cause that may have determined the decision of the commanding general in the premises.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[OCTOBER 25, 1864.-For General Orders, Numbers 57, Department of Kansas, rescinding General Orders, Numbers 54, see Part I, p. 504.]

MOUND CITY, October 1864-1.30 a. m.

Major-General CURTIS,

Kansas City, Mo.:

I arrived here about an hour ago, marching sixty-five miles. My men and horses are completely played out, yet I will keep up the flank pressure in the morning. An attack is expected here by daylight. Captain Clark, ordnance officer, is with me, and ammunition is ordered here early in the morning from Fort Scott. Price still heads directly for Fort Scott.

Respectfully,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel.

MOUND CITY, October 25, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel CAMPBELL,

Fort Scott:

Price is clearly determined to take Fort Scott, and I cannot see anything to prevent him with our forces divided. I would certainly fight to the end, providing in the meantime for any contingency. I cannot reach you early in the morning.

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel.

