HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mouth of White River, Ark., October 26, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I forward to-day such information as is in my possession with regard to affairs in Arkansas, &amp;c. My troops have not yet returned from Memphis and Paducah. I expect Slack's brigade in to-night from White River. Two hundred mounted men will start from here in a few hours on the Baltic, accompanies by a gun-boat, to reconnoiter at Gaines' Landing, Point Chicot, &c. I have sent copies of 1 and 2 and extract from 3 to General Halleck by mail, via Cairo, for information.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., October 24, 1864.*

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: Major-General Reynolds arrived here to-day and will leave here this evening for the mouth of White River. He promises to dispatch you all the news obtained here in regard to the movements of the enemy, &c. I sent 500 cavalry to drive in the enemy's pockets on the Saline and penetrate their line, which I alluded to in my last dispatch. This command went to Princeton, drove out a small force of the enemy, and found no rebel property there, except some Enfield rifles, which they destroyed. There was a considerable cavalry force encamped near Princeton, which by a flank movement got in front of our troops on their return, and attacked them about twenty-one miles from here. Our troops charged them, driving them off the field, killing 27th, and capturing 1 lieutenant and 16 men. Our loss, 1 killed and 8 wounded. Dockery's brigade is picketing along the Saline. There is one brigade, about 1,000, at Monticello. Accounts are conflicting in regard to the force at Camden. Magruder is probably there with a small infantry force and considerable artillery. His infantry is encamped on Prairie D'Ane. Your estimate of his force agrees with mine. He thinks I am about to move against him with 30,000. Rebel citizens are moving south in anticipation of our advance. The cavalry that I sent to Fort Smith returned, with dates from Thayer 10th instant. He is constantly threatened by a force estimated at 8,000, under General GaNumbers He had about forty days' rations; had received none by way of Fort Scott, and depends upon this depot for his next supplies. It is my opinion that Price will return south by way of the Indian country, and will attack Fort Smith. I intend to get in hand all the force possible to move against Price on his return. I have spies in his camp who will notify me.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

---------------

*For the full text of his communication, see Part I, p. 852.

---------------

