
of Arkansas. Mower and A. J. Smith joined General Rosecrans' command, but thus far their forces have not been sufficiently concentrated to oppose the enemy. As several inspection officers have been sent into the Department of Kansas, and as that line of supply to Fort Gibson and Smith has been discontinued, it is hardly worth while to send General Herron there. Moreover his services are more needed in Arkansas and Missouri. As soon as General Sherman's plan of a new campaign has been fully decided on instructions will be sent to you in regard to co-operation. Until then General Grant has suspended the sending forward of supplies by sea to meet Sherman's wants.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

NEW ORLEANS, LA, October 17, 1864-11 a.m.

(Received 26th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

General Steele reports on the 9th that the rebel force that was threatening his line has fallen back across the Saline and is moving in the direction of Camden. Information from Monroe, La., of the 11th states that about 4,000 infantry on their march to join Magruder were suddenly recalled. The demonstration made by our troops across the Atchafalaya, referred to in the rebel dispatches forwarded to you, has probably had something to do with this change. I learn nothing from Fort Smith or the northern frontier of Arkansas.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., October 17, 1864-8.30 p.m.

(Received 9.30 p.m. 26th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Intercepted cipher dispatches from Jeff. Davis to Kirby Smith, dated at Montgomery, September 30, renew the orders to cross the Mississippi. The original has gone on and has no doubt reached Smith. This probably accounts for the movement in Steele's front reported in my dispatch of this morning.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 17, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Mil. Div. of West Mississippi, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: Your requisition to be provided with a pontoon bridge train, to be delivered in Mobile, Bay, in about thirty days from the date of your letter, has received attention. The train is now about being shipped from New York and this place. The boats, wagons, and tres-

