HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., October 26, 1864.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding District of Vicksburg, Vicksburg, Miss.:

SIR: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatches of the 20th and 22nd instant. Besides the reason given in my communication of the 17th instant for deferring the execution of General Howard's order, assigning you to the command of the Sixteenth Army Corps, with headquarters at Memphis, there is the additional one of your having been proposed by the headquarters of the army for assignment to another command of no less importance. The action of the commanding general in this proposition is necessary deferred until certain reports have been received, but whatever that action may be the whole question should rest until the decision of the War Department on General Howard's order has been communicated. General Howard has been advised accordingly.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., October 26, 1864.

Major-General DANA,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: General Washburn was expected last night, but I now learn that he will not be back for five or six days. Forrest is reported at Jackson, Tenn., protecting a session of Rogers' Legislature, his force extending to Corinth and Eastport. Herewith please find copy of order to Colonel Guppey, commanding brigade, from mouth White River, sent temporarily to relieve Columbus and Paducah. I expected them back before this. General Reynolds writes to me for them to be returned as soon as possible. Forrest is repairing railroad and telegraph from Corinth to Jackson. I am sending back by every boat the other brigade from mouth White River.

Your obedient servant,

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., October 20, 1864.

Colonel GUPPEY,

Commanding Brigade:

You will embark on steamers Belle Memphis and Clifton at 3 o'clock with your brigade and proceed to Columbus, Ky. After a consultation with the commanding officer at Columbus you will proceed to Paducah, Ky., with your whole command, unless an attack is expected at Columbus. If in your judgment an attack is probable at Columbus you will leave one regiment there. You will report to General Meredith at Paducah, and if the danger has passed at that point, which I presume will be the case, you will immediately return to Columbus,

---------------

*See Canby to Howard, Vol. XXXIX, Part III, p. 446.

---------------

