
17. Brigadier-General Ewing, commanding Saint Louis District, will send the detachment of the Sixth Missouri Cavalry, temporarily on duty in this district, by to day's Keokuk packet to Cap au Gris, Lincoln County, Mo., for the purpose of dispersing and capturing, if possible, a band of guerrillas know to have congregated at or near that point. General Ewing will give the necessary instructions in detail as to the movement of the detachment and the nature of the service.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 227. Saint Louis, Mo., October 26, 1864.

* * * * *

7. Major Samuel Montgomery will proceed with his battalion of the Sixth Missouri Cavalry to Cap au Gris, Lincoln County, Mo., and endeavor to overtake and destroy the Confederate bands of Wood and Dorsey. He will subsist his command off the country, giving receipts for forage and subsistence stores to all loyal persons from whom such stores are taken, and forward duplicate receipts of the same to these headquarters. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

PLEASANT HILL, October 26, 1864-12 p. m.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Harrisonville:

The telegraph line is down in both directions from this place, which necessitates our moving to Warrensburg to-morrow. The order moving the train to your camp has not reached Warrensburg, and in consequence it cannot move before the morning of the 28th instant. Officers report artillery firing in your direction. Send back by bearer of this any information you may have. The country is full of guerrillas. Make your detachments very strong.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 55. Near Harrisonville, Mo., October 26, 1864.

Measures must be adopted at once by commanding officers of this division to prevent their men from straggling from the ranks, and particularly to prevent promiscuous foraging. Private property of whatever kind must be respected. Brigade commanders will hold their regimental commanders, and they their company commanders, responsible for the conduct of the men. The appropriation of any private property whatever by unauthorized persons is strictly forbidden, and will be punished by the assessment of a fine upon the parties.

By order of Colonel J. J. Woods:

J. B. SAMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

