
LA MINE BRIDGE, October 26, 1864.

Colonel J. B. MOORE, Warrensburg:

I have no intelligence from General Rosecrans direct, but judge from what Governor Hall tells me that he will very soon be at Warrensburg, en route for Saint Louis. Wait and see what to-morrow brings forth. Do you hear of any guerrillas on the railroad between Sedalia and Warrensburg?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 226. Jefferson City, Mo., October 26, 1864.

The detachment of Colonel Frank W. Hickox's command of Enrolled Missouri Militia, now stationed at Cunningham's, will move immediately, via Jefferson City, to Clark's Station, on the line of the Pacific Railroad, and proceed to gather all the forage that can be procured, as well as fuel, in that vicinity, with as much expedition as possible, under the direction of Captain Theodore S. Case, assistant quartermaster, who will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

A. R. CONKLIN,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., October 26, 1864-8 p. m.

Captain BENNETT, A. A. G., Dept. of the Missouri, in the Field:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to address you direct, not knowing when my communication could reach you through General Pleasonton's headquarters, and believing the interests of the service demand speedy action. On the courier line from this place to Lexington the guerrillas killed seven of our men and severely wounded another yesterday. Last night I sent out forty men to assist in driving the guerrillas from the line. From reports received to-night I am fearful that this number will be insufficient to rid the line of these roving bands. The couriers in report that the guerrillas are crossing from the north side of the river at Sibley and Napoleon. The number of men now at this place is barely sufficient to do the necessary guard and escort duty. I will strengthen the sentinel post on the Lexington line. To do this it will be necessary to abandon one-half the post and widen the distance between each.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. L. FERGUSON,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

SAINT LOUIS, October 26, 1864-11.20 a. m.

Brigadier-General DOUGLASS, Mexico, Mo.:

Constant complaints are made to these headquarters of the depredations of guerrillas in Audrain, Pike, and Lincoln Counties. What disposition have you made of your forces to meet them? Can't you put a scouting party in that part of the country at once? Answer at once.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

