
SAINT LOUIS, October 26, 1864-10.50 p. m.

Colonel KREKEL,

Saint Charles, Mo.:

Dorsey and Wood's bands, about 400 strong, are in the vicinity of Cap au Gris, re-enforced by recruits crossed over from Illinois. Two hundred and fifty cavalry will land at Cap au Gris to-morrow morning early, and push out after them; a small mounted force will move south from Louisiana about the same time. General Douglass has been ordered to co-operate from the west. Wood and Dorsey will probably pass from their present position to near Prairieville, Pike County, thence to Louisville and Nineveh, Lincoln County, thence to Martinsburg, Audrain County, passing just south of Middletown, Montgomery County. Notify the scouting party which it is understood you have out of the disposition of our forces, and co-operate with General Douglass with all the mounted force you can spare, communicating with him at once by telegraph. By a prompt and concerted movement these fellows can be caught. Report action.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WESTON, MO., October 26, 1864.

General CRAIG:

Yesterday, last night, and to-day, a considerable force of rebels, some dressed in Confederate uniform, robbed Ridgely and are robbing the county of horses, cattle, and everything else they can get, even to household goods. Send troops quickly if possible. Answer whether you can send them.

E. SCHELSKY,

Captain, Commanding Platte County Guards.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, Coloma, October 26, 1864-5 p. m.

General CRAIG:

I have just arrived here in considerable force. Carroll County was full of small squads of guerrillas yesterday. All quiet so far as heard from to-day. I am of the opinion that there is no considerable force of the enemy in my front. I will probe the matter to the core to-morrow. Probably the scattered forces of the enemy in the country yesterday amounted in all to 200 or 300. My impression is that they have either crossed the river or gone west.

J. H. SHANKLIN,

Colonel, &amp;c.

UTICA, October 26, 1864.

General CRAIG:

There seems to be no doubt but there is a rebel force in Carroll County, some 400 or 500 strong. It is believed to be the same force [that] crossed the railroad near Bucklin on the 24th. Judging from the murderous work being done in Carroll, the force is probably led by

