
Bill Anderson. I will move in that direction as soon as I can get a force ready. Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson has not started as large a force as I desired. If the trouble near Liberty is over perhaps you can assist me from that direction.

J. H. SHANKLIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

FORT SCOTT, October 26, 1864.

(Received 7.55 p. m. 27th.)

Major-General HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

Price again deployed and fought us at Charlot, near this place, where he outflanked us, but was soon broken up by artillery firing on his center and a cavalry charge. While this was going on he burned most of his train and again resumed his retreat. Having saved this post by pressing his rear, I have supplies which I am arranging in half-loaded wagons to feed my troops. I think I have all Price's cannon but three, and thousands of his small-arms are scattered along the road. I shall proceed in the pursuit with all the forces I can keep on the way.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

LEAVENWORTH, October 26, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. STARK:

Colonel Tracy's regiment is at Fort Leavenworth en route for home. I have to request that the quartermaster's department be directed to furnish transportation for these troops to Saint Joseph by boat and rail. Please answer if transportation is ordered.

THOS. CARNEY,

Governor.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 26, 1864.

Governor T. CARNEY:

Colonel Tracy said he was perfectly satisfied to march to Atchison if I would furnish transportation for his baggage, which has been ordered.

W. H. STARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

LEAVENWORTH, October 26, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. STARK:

Colonel Tracy's regiment belongs twenty-five miles above Atchison, and it is a shame to make them march fifty miles after all they have done.

THOS. CARNEY,

Governor.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 26, 1864.

Governor T. CARNEY, Leavenworth:

I am sorry that you construe the language of my dispatch as making Colonel Tracy's men march to their homes myself. Colonel Tracy said if I would furnish transportation for the baggage, &c., to Atchison, he

