
was perfectly satisfied to march, and said further that he could send his men from there without further expense. The regiment has marched, and all well off seemingly in the best of spirits.

W. H. STARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

FORT SCOTT, October 26, 1864-3 p. m.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas:

I have the honor to report that the prisoners, Marmaduke and other officers, in possession of Major-General Pleasonton have not yet been turned over to me. General Pleasonton said the matter between you and him had been settled, and he desired to retain possession of the prisoners until he received dispatches from you which he was then expecting. General Lane was present and advised me to wait until I could hear from you. I am now waiting further orders and instructions in relation to the prisoners, in accordance with your arrangements with General Pleasonton. I have no guard and would respectfully ask that you have detailed a battalion of cavalry for that purpose, or such numbers as you deem necessary.

J. J. SEARS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilder House, October 26, 1864-6 p. m.

Major-General CURTIS:

I have the honor that Major-General Pleasonton will not allow me to carry out your orders with the prisoners. I have demanded them. He refused to give them up, until General Rosecrans arrives, who he says is at Little Santa Fe, and he expects him to-night. He says he will rank you. He also says he relieves me of all responsibility with the prisoners. As you are absent, and he assumes command, I will have to obey his orders. He has brought up the other two colonels from the guard-house and furnished them rooms at the hotel. He has sufficient force to carry out his orders, I think, as believe the most of his troops are here.

J. J. SEARS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,In the Field, October 26, 1864.

General BLUNT, Commanding Officer:

I have reliable information that the enemy have all crossed at Adamson's Ford and gone eastward. I therefore direct all forces to move by the shortest route to that point and follow me in pursuit.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

(Same to General Pleasonton.)

[OCTOBER 26, 1864.- For Curtis to Pleasonton (two communications), relating to pursuit of enemy, custody of prisoners, &c., see Part I, p. 339.]

17 R R - VOL XLI, PT IV

