
Lieutenant Colonel Clarence E. Bennett will proceed with all practicable dispatch to Fort Bowie, Ariz. Terr., and assume command of that post. Lieutenant-Colonel Bennett will use every exertion to have Fort Bowie constructed agreeably with the prescribed plan at the earliest practicable day. The troops of that post will be employed as far as practicable on daily duty to assist in this important work.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Carleton:

BEN. C. CURLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 174. Milwaukee, Wis., October 26, 1864.

* * * * *

II. Brigadier General T. C. H. Smith will proceed forthwith to Keokuk, Iowa, and make all necessary arrangements for the protection of the Iowa border against guerrillas from Missouri. He will dispose of the militia as he may think judicious, as also of all convalescents in hospitals and other U. S. troops in Iowa. He will assign to duty in that section of Iowa any officers in that State who may be needed. Major Ten Broeck, Sixth Iowa Cavalry, will report to him for duty. All officers and soldiers are hereby directed to obey all orders of General Smith, who will also, if necessary, assume command of the Iowa militia in the southern counties of the State. It is not believed that this necessity will arise, nor that there will be any hostilities beyond small guerrillas raids into Southern Iowa, but General Smith is furnished with this full authority to meet any contingency which may arise. He is authorized to take to with him one aide-de-camp and one orderly, to whom transportation will be paid by the quartermaster, in accordance with existing regulations.

By command of Major-General Pope:

J. F. MELINE,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,

Saint Paul, Minn., October 26, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE:

GENERAL: The Eighth Regiment Minnesota Volunteers are now embarking for the South. Nearly all absentees have joined it.

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, October 26, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your dispatch of 20th instant, and, in accordance with your directions, Brackett's battalion will be stationed at Fort Ridgely and points convenient

