
were doing picket duty this side of New Iberia. All the troops on the Teche were under command of Captains Murphy and Franklin. Captain Whitaker, with about 125 men, made a raid into the La Fourche District on the 22nd instant, crossing below Lake Natchez, carrying off horses and mules. It is reported that Colonel Scott has again made his headquarters at Clinton, La., and that Brigadier-General Mabry has relieved General Hodge in command of the district, bringing with him his own brigade. A band of guerrillas under Captain Bugg is reported near Union City, Tenn., five of whom were killed by Federal scouts on the 10th instant.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK W. MARSTON,

Major, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, Commanding.

GOODRICH'S LANDING, LA., October 27, 1864.

Commodore PHELPS, U. S. Navy,

New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I feel it my duty to make to you the following statement:

I am a U. S. citizens; was captured some four months since near this place by the rebel troops under Colonel Harrison, and after some delay, was sent to Alexandria, La., to await some disposition, which came by forwarding me through the lines by the last exchange of prisoners made between Colonel Dwight and Colonel Szymanski. During my stay in guard-house in Alexandria became acquainted with the following facts (from various sources, and from the frequent canvassing of the matter in the room adjoining me, being occupied by Major A. W. McKee, being guarded by a rebel corporal and sergeant): Our acquaintance, Colonel Moffit, from Shreveport, corroborated our information, and since arriving in our own lines we find the intelligence gained on the rebel side fully identified by parties on this side. We know that such a matter was contemplated, and hence watched our opportunity to give information on the subject. To the subject: The rebels, under Generals Walker, Taylor, and Polignac, about two months since, attempted to cross a force of nearly 7,000 men and 2,600 head of cattle to the other side of the river. (The cattle they crossed by making them swim). To enable them to work with dispatch they commenced negotiating with a U. S. commander of a gun-boat there, lying at or near Mr. Joshua James' residence, Carthage Bayou, La. The commander came upon terms for performing his services for what I understand he has received his pay (my authority being from the C. S. Officer canvassing the matter). Said commander was to deliver up his boat to the Confederate officers by a certain strategy to cover any suspicion should his maneuver fail, and in view of the negotiations the Confederate authorities have conveyed to the spot the entire crew of the C. S. gun-boat Missouri, they lying at Shreveport to have them in readiness to take charge of the abandoned U. S. boat. (From our men in prison at Shreveport we learn that the crew of C. S. gun-boat Missouri did leave S[hreveport] about that time, and one of their number came back badly wounded.) We learned that the U. S. commander arranged with the C. S. C commander to go ashore with his entire crew of officers under pretense of capturing Captain James, and while under the expedition the C. S. forces would capture the boats with only a negro sailor each for a guard, and they would immediately proceed to the U. S. boat, then without officers, and unsuspicious, proceed to the capture. We learn that after visiting the house of Mr. James they

