
went forth to a frolic or dance, but one or more of the officers, not thinking all was right, unknown to the balance proceeded to his boat and immediately gained his vessel, communicating his distrust and clearing the ship for action only in time to frustrate being taken by the other two boats now manned by C. S. sailors, who proceeded near the vessel but did not proceed to attack, seeing demonstrations for a blind reception. After the C. S. sailors returned ashore. During the taking of the two boats by C. S. sailors from guards, we understand they killed the guards, but they in their resistance severely wounded the commanding officer of the Missouri crew. The delay in the negotiations and the subsequent failure of the plan made it impracticable for the C. S. [troops] to cross in large numbers, hence but few crossed. Being but a private citizen and not knowing that this will even be read by you, yet I think from the matter mentioned should such a case of traitors exist, your superior facilities of comparing notes will enable you to bring such a party to justice, should he be guilty of betraying the country.

Very respectfully,

M. N. LYNN.

L. BEATTY.

Address Louisville, Ky., care Tate Bro. &amp; Co.

[Indorsement.]

VICKSBURG, October 27, 1864.

This letter is just received by me. I believe the statement. About the time alluded to my suspicions were aroused regarding the commander of the gun-boat Rattler, and I communicated them to Lieutenant Commander T. O. Selfridge, commanding the division, who investigated the case and assigned a new commander, but he was not convinced that any treason existed. I do not remember the name of the commander of the Rattler nor do I know where he is now. He was paroled in the way named at the James Place.

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 170. New Orleans, La., October 27, 1864.

* * * * *

7. The Sixth Minnesota Volunteers, so soon as relieved by a regiment from the Nineteenth Army Corps, will be sent to Saint Louis, Mo., to be reported on its arrival at that place to the commanding general Department of the Missouri for service in that department. The sick of the regiment, in hospital at Memphis and Helena, will be sent as soon as able to be transported, to Saint Louis, Mo., to be disposed of as the department commander may direct. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

8. Major-General Reynolds will cause one regiment of the Second Division, Nineteenth army Corps, to be sent to Helena, Ark., to be reported by its commanding officer to the commanding general District of Eastern Arkansas, for temporary service in that district. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

B. F. MOREY,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

