
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 154. New Orleans, October 27, 1864.

Under authority contained in letter of instructions dated headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, October 15, 1864, two regiments of colored volunteer infantry will be raised within the city and neighborhood of New Orleans of one year's service, the organization and recruitment to conform to that prescribed in Orders and Regulations for U. S. Volunteers. Officers will be appointed by the President from candidates nominated by the commander of the department, approved by the commander of the military division, and will be mustered into service on the presentation to the proper mustering officer of their appointments signed by the Secretary of War. In the selection of officers and non-commissioned officers no test will be required but that of qualification, to be established by the board of examiners now in session in this city. The troops raised under this order will not be credited to the quota of any State. The chief mustering officer of the department will select a suitable location for camp or barracks for these organizations, and will assign a competent officer to take charge of the mustering, clothing, and rationing recruits until officers are appointed to their command. The organization of one regiment will be completed before another is commenced. The line officers of the regiments formerly known as the native guards are invited to raise companies, permissions of which will be given upon application accompanied by proper vouchers of loyalty and standing. These troops will receive, in accordance with existing acts of Congress, the same arms, uniform, clothing, equipments, camp equipage, rations, medical and hospital attendance, pay and emoluments as other soldiers of the regular or volunteer forces of the United States of like arm of the service; also a bounty of $100.

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, OFFICE CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 42. New Orleans, October 27, 1864.

I. Brigadier General B. S. Roberts, U. S. Volunteers, having been assigned to duty by Special Orders, Numbers 290, headquarters Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, October 26, 1864, as chief of cavalry of the department, assumes command from this date.

II. Existing orders and regulations will continue in force, unless change by proper authority from these or higher headquarters.

III. Second Lieutenant B. K. Roberts, Seventh Iowa Volunteer Cavalry, is announced as aide-de-camp to the chief of cavalry, and will be recognized accordingly.

By order of Brigadier General B. S. Roberts:

H. C. SEYMOUR,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Brazos Santiago, Tex., October 27, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Gulf, New Orleans:

MAJOR: I have the honor to state that authority worthy of note has occurred at this post since my last report on the 21st instant. The

