
enemy have not been seen for the last two weeks. I am informed by Mr. Pierce, American consul at Matamoras, that over 100 of General Drayton's command at Brownsville deserted to the Mexican shore in one day, a large number being officers. The work on the fortifications was somewhat interrupted by the late severe norther, which swept over this portion of the country, but they are now steadily progressing. By the arrival of the Sixty-second U. S. Colored Infantry I was enabled to relieve the Eighty-first U. S. Colored Infantry from guard and fatigue duty, thereby increasing the number of men for engineer service, so that I now furnish the engineer officer in charge with all the assistance he desires.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. DAY,

Colonel, Commanding Forces.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La., October 27, 1864.

Colonel SAYLES,

Commanding, Napoleonville:

Captains King and Whitaker left the Teche with 120 men; passed down Bayou Sorrel, Cross Bayou, Bayou Pigeon, Grand River, and, landing at Bay Natchez, made the raid on Bayou La Fourche. Our gun-boat getting aground, allowed them to escape and they are now safely on the Teche, having sent their mules and horses up Grand River via the Park and Bayou Grossetete. That is all there is of the present affair. Look out for it to be repeated. Next time we must keep them.

By command of Brigadier General R. A. Cameron:

J. MORRIS HAFF,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Baton Rouge, La., October 27, 1864.

Captain W. H. CLAPP,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I forward for information and consideration of higher authority a recent correspondence per flag to truce with Brigadier General G. B. Hodge, C. S. Army. It is a fact that within the last few weeks something of an organized endeavor has seemed to exist to creep on and to ambush our pickets near this post, with the design of killing them. Two or three men have been killed on post. All teachings on the conduct of war with which I am familiar seem to reprobate firing on pickets who are acting in no offensive manner, but simply as sentinels, unless such firing is the precursor or part of an actual demonstration. The Confederate general seems to view the matter otherwise. Without further orders I shall give none to my command regarding the matter, but presume that my men, justly incensed at these murders, will, in their encounters with the enemy near our lines, capture few prisoners.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LEE,

Brigadier-General.

