
mand have recently been engaged in firing upon the pickets stationed near this post," and conclude with vague threats of retaliation to be carried out with the trained skill which your experience in border warfare had made you an adept in. Without presuming to question either the extent or eminence of your familiarity with the scenes of diabolical cruelty which characterized the early history of Kansas, I have only to say in reply that my troops are instructed to fire upon the enemies of their country whenever and wherever these enemies are found in arms. Those instructions will be continued. Your troops are at liberty to avail themselves of the same well established usage of war. Should you attempt to carry the contest beyond the recognized principles of civilized warfare, I have not only the means, in the persons of many of your troops captured from your command, and now prisoners within develop a course of conduct quite equal to the emergency which you may press upon me.

I am, general, respectfully your obedient servant,

GEO. B. HODGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mouth of White River, October 27, 1864-9 p. m.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

Yours of 22nd received. Troops from above have not yet arrived; are expected hourly, as several boats are reported due. One brigade got up to Paducah. Some women in yesterday from Arkansas, by the way of Gaines' Landing, but they knew nothing or will not tell. Will send most of them back to Arkansas, where they live. They came out by permission of Captain Baldwin, commanding gun-boat Romeo, off Gaines' Landing. Will communicate with the senior naval officer of that district on this subject. Have not had time to hear from our mounted reconnaissance that left yesterday afternoon. Slack's brigade mostly here to-day. Will send a second colored regiment to Saint Charles to-morrow and return the other one to Vicksburg. The two colored regiments, a section of artillery, and two mounted companies will make a sufficient garrison for Saint Charles. The camping-ground is very good and there are huts for the troops. I regard it an important point to hold.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 19TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 6. Mouth of White River, Ark., October 27, 1864.

2. Brigadier General Alexander Shaler, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps. He will join his command at the mouth of White River without delay.

Lieutenant Colonel Willard Slocum, One hundred and twentieth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, will resume command of his regiment at the mouth of White River, Ark., without delay.

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

S. C. FARRINGTON,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

