
No chance to send this having presented to-day, will add that I went out as far as Bayou Mason, thirteen miles, and captured four men, with horses and accouterments, all we met with. I give you the statement on opposite page [above] as I have heard it, not vouching for its truth. I feel sure no effort to cross any considerable force near here is being made by the rebels. I will go to-morrow to Columbia, by land if I can.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. CREBS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eighty-seventh Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

U. S. STEAMER ROMEO,

Off Gaines' Landing, October 27, 1864.

Major-General STEELE,

Commanding Department of Arkansas:

SIR: From information I deem reliable, I am told that the following troops will leave Princeton and vicinity on next Monday for Little Rock, Ark., General Forney commanding:

Walker's old division, 3,500 men; Churchill's division, 3,000; Polignac's division, 3,500; Parsons' (Missouri) division, 2,500; total, 12,500 infantry. Six thousand cavalry, under General Wharton, comprised of Fescas' [?], Parsons', Crump's, and other commands; 3,500 re-enforcements from the Indian Territory, to report this week; 9,500 cavalry to move on Little Rock or Pine Bluff. Harrison's brigade cavalry is on the Louisiana line.

I have the most implicit confidence in the truth of the above statement.

Very respectfully, yours,

THOMAS BALDWIN,

Acting Master, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., October 27, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Little Rock:

Major Snelling, Tenth Illinois Cavalry, with 200 strong, got here last night, and crossed early this morning at this point. I sent with him seventy-five men of Ninth Kansas Cavalry. They will make an easy march to-day, and scour the country around Cotton Plant to-morrow. Two colored men came in from Cotton Plant yesterday, and report the Cache River only knee deep. I have 250 men on earth-work.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Copy to General Steele.)
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., October 27, 1864.

Colonel WATTLES:

I shall probably want you to start messengers in a day or two to Fort Scott, and will send up whatever I want to send. I am anxious

