
WARRENSBURG, MO., October 27, 1864-9.40 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

Dispatch received about pursuit Price. Copy of mine of this evening to General Canby, telegraph you, shows Price's condition. Our cavalry is worn down and shoeless, but two brigades will follow the remnants of Price's column and then go to Springfield. Everything that could be spared was sent over to North Missouri, so there is nothing available for West Tennessee until General Smith's command can be marched from Harrisonville to Saint Louis, which will require at least ten days. They have been overmarched and overworked already, and should, if possible, receive a little indulgence. There is but one battalion of General Steele's troops with me. Our troops of the garrison at Springfield have been ordered to pitch into Price's fugitives, which they will doubtless do effectively.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

OCTOBER 27, 1864-12.10 p. m.

Major A. C. MARSH, Troy, Mo.:

One Erastus Wood was at Wentzville last night preparing to conscript under orders from Price. He has twenty or thirty men with him. Capture him, if possible, immediately and send him here. Have notified Colonel Krekel.

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Acting Provost-Marshal-General.

The commanding officer at Warrenton, Mo., will please forward at once.

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Acting Provost-Marshal-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 298. Saint Louis, Mo., October 27, 1864.

* * * * *

6. In compliance with special instructions from the War Department, all Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Illinois soldiers in hospital in this department will be furloughed for twenty days to enable them to be at their homes on the 8th proximo. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation to all soldiers furloughed under this order to and from their homes.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,

Saint Louis, Mo., October 27, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. M. HILLER,

Cape Girardeau, Mo.:

Southeast Missouri must be renovated or else given up to the rebels. You will adopt a judicious system for driving out of the State the worst sympathizers and the worst families of Confederate soldiers and

