
guerrillas. See to it that the one but yourself or trusted officers designate those who are to be driven out, and let notice be given in writing generally, and lists kept of those notified. Where the circumstances are such that they cannot go this fall without great suffering, let them arrange to go by spring, but in one way or another the worst rebel families in Southeast Missouri must be got out before corn planting. Let me hear what suggestions you have to make, and what steps you take under this order.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to Major H. H. Williams, Pilot Knob.)
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., October 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General MILLER,

Mineral Point:

I want one good regiment of militia for thirty days organized out of your command by volunteering, you designating the officers to remain and command them. The rest of the command can then return home. What can you do? Answer.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., October 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General PIKE,

Franklin:

I wish you to go to the bridges and see that the fullest details required to work on the bridges are promptly furnished. Equalize the details among the several detachments, white and black, equitably.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Allen, Mo., October 27, 1864.

Lieutenant H. HANNAHS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

I arrived here at noon from a seven days' scout with my command. The mounted men, Colonel Forbes, had a skirmish with the enemy, at Paris, losing one killed; the infantry was a little too late. This whole region is believed to be clear. McDaniel and Majors have crossed the Missouri River, and, I think, Anderson, but will go and see. I will report by mail from this place.

SAML. A. HOLMES,

Colonel, Commanding.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

A boat with supplies was sent up to Lexington on Sunday last, guarded by 100 men of Enrolled Missouri Militia, and has just returned. They state that one mile a half this side of Brunswick they were

