
WARRENSBURG, MO., October 27, 1864-8 p. m.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Fort Scott:

The general commanding wishes to know how many wounded you have, and what provisions should be made for them. Subsistence stores and whatever is needed will be forwarded from here with all possible dispatch. Answer immediately. Is it ten pieces of artillery, besides the two captured by you before, that you took at Fort Scott?

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

FORT SCOTT, October 27, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: We have 300 wounded in all at Independence, Kansas City, Mound City, and this place; are all properly provided for in hospitals. We have also 150 wounded rebels at same place. Total of guns captured in the campaign is 10. We need no provisions at West Point; have 90 head of cattle and 300 sheep captured from Price. Will move my command as directed to-morrow.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

WARRENSBURG, October 27, 1864.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Fort Scott:

Your dispatch of this evening, announcing your victory, received. I congratulate you and the officers and men of your command for your persevering pursuit and brilliant and decisive victory after a march of ninety miles in two days. You attacked thrice your own number and routed them, capturing 10 pieces of artillery, compelling the enemy to destroy over 200 wagons, and killing, wounding, and taking many prisoners. The pursuit of over 300 miles, accomplished in so short a time, contesting a considerable portion of the way, and victory so decisive over such odds, will rank among the brilliant cavalry achievements of any war and cover with honor all those who have been engaged in it. Publish this to your command, with the expression of my heart-felt thanks to all for their magnificent behavior.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, Numbers 19. Fort Scott, October 27, 1864.

The First Regiment Cavalry Missouri State Militia will report immediately at these headquarters to escort prisoners of war to Leavenworth City. Having performed their duty, the regiment will report to its proper post in the Central District of Missouri.

By command of Major-General Pleasonton:

CLIFFORD THOMSON,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

