HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,Twelve Miles North of Shanghai, October 27, 1864-3 p. m.

Major-General CURTIS:

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders from Major-General Pleasonton I am on the march with what is left of my brigade (now about 700 or 800 men, the remainder having been sent elsewhere by General Pleasonton) to join you, if possible. My command is exhausted with fatigue, and the horses so jaded and sore that I can scarcely travel. I will press on, however, as best I can, and try to make the vicinity of Shanghai to-night. My command, general, have now been in the saddle thirty-one days, and have not had in all this time a change of clothing. If you can possibly relieve us without damage of the glorious work of your pursuit of Price we will grateful.

Your obedient servant,

JNO. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, MO., October 27, 1864-6.30 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Springfield, Mo.:

It is reported via Kansas City that Price has been badly beaten. Marmaduke and Cabell and 1,500 prisoners captured, with all their artillery, and 200 wagons burned. It is now of great importance that you send all your available force that can be spared from the garrison and harass the enemy on his retreat.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., October 27, 1864.

Colonel J. DARR, Jr.,

Acting Provost-Marshal-General, Saint Louis:

Scouts returned from the northwest near Greenfield this morning. No news from Price. Have scouts from Papinsville to Warsaw on the Osage. Have sent Lieutenant-Colonel Cameron with 300 cavalry to Greenfield with instructions to keep out scouts. He reports that Price cannot move between that place and Kansas, and he cannot procure forage and subsistence. Have the cavalry ready to concentrate and move at a moment's notice. The county is filled with stragglers from Price's army going south, and in consequence am obliged to patrol the country east of this. Forty-five prisoners have been brought in. No news from General Cooper. Major Cooper and Burke are on Pea Ridge with 800 men.

J. D. BRUTSCHE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Numbers 288. Springfield, Mo., October 27, 1864.

* * * * *

II. Commanding officer Sand Spring, Mo., will immediately move with the troops under his command, by forced marches, with all camp

