
issued to the regiment, and it will be given a vigorous course of instruction in the various duties in which they at present are so remiss. The regiment has an unenviable reputation, both as to the incapacity of its officers and the laxity of discipline throughout. It will not be remounted until more favorable reports are received than those of the past six months have been.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

C. S. SARGENT

First Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, October 17, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. G. HALL,

Commanding at Fort Pike:

In obedience to instructions from Military Division of West Mississippi, Brigadier-General Sherman directs me to inform you that you will make no expedition in the vicinity of Biloxi, Pass Christian, or Bay Saint Louis. You are informed of this fact for fear you might think it proper to send over an expedition yourself from Fort Pike. General Canby prohibits any expedition to this shore from Fort Pike for the present.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., October 17, 1864.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps, Morganza, La.:

I have received dispatch from General Steele, dated the 9th. A reconnoitering party had returned to Pine Bluff from Monticello with report that the rebels had withdrawn to the south side of the Saline, and were moving in the direction of Camden. The cavalry crossed at Mount Elba, and the infantry and artillery at Warren. When Monticello was evacuated a brigade was bridging the Arkansas, but they had withdrawn also. General Steele has ordered one brigade of Dennis' division to Devall's Bluff. General Dana reports that the One hundred and twenty-fourth Illinois and Forty-seventh and Sixty-sixth Colored embarked for White River on the 14th. Boats were sent to Natchez on the previous evening for the two Illinois regiments. The Fifty-third Colored were to leave Vicksburg by the first boat. The total strength of these regiments is about 2,700. The movement of the rebel may have been occasioned by the fears entertained of a movement up Red River referred to in the captured rebel dispatches. I have information from Monroe, La., of the 11th instant, that a fore of 4,000 infantry, on their way to join Magruder, were suddenly recalled. The force withdrawn from Arkansas may be moved in this direction, or an attempt to cross the river may be renewed. It will be advisable not to

