
This information should be communicated to Fort Smith. Our troops have had considerable fighting and have invariably whipped and driven the enemy and captured two guns. General Sanborn has lost no field officer. His entire loss will not exceed 200 men.

J. D. BRUTSCHE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., October 27, 1864.

Captain CASSAIRT,

Lebanon:

Price is no doubt moving south. If you can take a scout in the direction of Quincy and leave enough troops at Lebanon for escort, &amp;c., do so. Keep these headquarters well advised of your movements. If you hear of Price send your information here at once. Will send pay-rolls by stage in the morning.

J. D. BRUTSCHE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT IN THE FIELD,Greenfield, Mo., October 27, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. D. BRUTSCHE,

Commanding Dist. of Southwest Missouri, Springfield, Mo.:

COLONEL: Messengers from the scouting party toward Papinsville report this morning the advance of some body of rebel troops. I start this morning to re-enforce Lieutenant Gipson and to ascertain the character of this party and its objects. I have taken the precaution to order in my other scouting parties, and messengers have been sent to Millville with like instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGH CAMERON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Detachment in the Field.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT IN THE FIELD,Greenfield, October 27, 1864-4 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel BRUTSCHE,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri:

COLONEL: I have just returned from expedition of this morning. Picked up two men directly from Price's army, which they say they left yesterday at about 1 o'clock, thirty-five miles north of Carthage. Federals closely pursuing. Intelligence received at this place from deserters, who have arrived since I left, state that when they left Price was southwest of Carthage. There is no doubt of the reliability of the report. The squad which I went in pursuit of this morning was doubtless Coffee's escort moving by his home. As soon as my command assembles I will move to mount Vernon, as I believe you would if situated similarly. I will leave for that point early, leaving only such of my command behind as are unable to march, with Captain Kirby. A messenger has just reported from Captain O'Brien, whose report also

