
corroborates the foregoing, adding the additional that he (Price) will move on Springfield from Carthage, which latter I do not believe. His force is reported about 20,000. I will receive orders from you at Mount Vernon to-morrow morning, if I occupy it in advance of Price.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

HUGH CAMERON,

Lieutenant Colonel Second Arkansas Cav., Commanding Detach. in the Field.

P. S. - We have about twenty deserters. I hope you will send to me more cavalry to Mount Vernon that I may have a respectable command. I desire to join in the pursuit. Paper* inclosed speaks for itself.

H. C.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, October 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

La Mine Bridge, Mo.:

Things are pretty quiet throughout the district. Bill Anderson's band reported in Carroll County; also some guerrillas reported at or near New Market, and a militia force has gone out after them. The radicals and Union men feverishly anxious for your return before the election. Can you not do so? Jack Jefferson will be shot to-morrow. Major refuses to do anything for him. He escaped yesterday, but was retaken before he got out of town. General court-martial and military commission still in session, but I am compelled to act as judge-advocate. Many records are awaiting your action. Five or six death penalties, and more accumulating. Some of the militia have been molesting the laborers on the railroad near Macon and have killed one, and the laborers are afraid to stay unless something can be done. Colonel Hayward wants you to do something to make them safe. I have furnished them with safeguards and am taking steps to arrest the guilty parties. Colonel Forbes is doing nothing. I have got everything satisfactory with the county committees above, but Shanklin, aided by Craig, is trying to make trouble with Grundy County. I am compelled, during your absence, to do some things my judgment condemns. A report has been very industriously circulated here that you were under arrest for cowardice, but the publication in the city papers of the Democrat's correspondence dispelled the bad effect. I am most unpleasantly situated while Craig is in command, but have adhered to your instructions.

A. J. HARDING.

MEXICO, MO., October 27, 1864-8 p. m.

Captain FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I would like you to give me such facts as I would be justified in making public concerning our recent victories over Price. I wish to get up an enthusiasm among my soldiers. I want them to forget for the time being their homes and families, and give their entire time freely to drive out Dorsey and others.

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

