
SAINT CHARLES, October 27, 1864.

Captain F. ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

Been up the road since your dispatch. There are a number of Wood's men between the railroad and Cap au Gris, perhaps 100 when together. My scouts were within two miles of Cap au Gris. I saw two men who were within two miles of the place at 7 o'clock this morning. Send out 100 men toward Cap au Gris. The bushwhackers are gathering up for some purpose. They took blacksmith's and other tools at Wentzville, perhaps to shoe their horses.

A. KREKEL,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS,Hannibal, Mo., October 27, 1864.

Captain FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

CAPTAIN: For the information of the commanding general I have to state that from my thorough scouting I am satisfied no considerable body of the enemy exists in my district. There are some roving guerrilla bands, and some who are working with them, both of which I shall seek to attend to. I have to report that yesterday Captain Lennon, of Ralls County (formerly Major Lennon, in U. S. service), about five miles west of Spencerburg, in Pike County, was fired on by a band of some fifty guerrillas or more, from Shelbly's force. He had forty men who dismounted and went in. The result was he killed 1, wounded 4; captured 1 prisoner, 8 horses, and 6 saddles, and some arms. The rest scattered so completely he could not follow them. He reports none of his men wounded. I can make it too hot to hold rebels here now, as I have the force to do it.

I am, truly, your obedient servant,

J. T. K. HAYWARD.

Hurrah for Curtis and Pleasonton!

WASHINGTON, October 27, 1864-11 a. m.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

Send with the pursuing party after Price all organizations and parts of organizations which belong to General Steele's command, with orders to report to him as soon after entering his department as they can.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CAMP ON COON CREEK,

Fifty-one Miles Southeast of Fort Scott, Kans., October 27, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

My pursuit of Price was delayed for provisions at Fort Scott, but I am again approaching and hope to overtake him to-morrow. His way still strewn with all sorts of supplies, and continue to take his weary straggling rebel followers. I am sending my prisoners to Fort Leavenworth.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General, Commanding.

