
all appearances indicate the exhausted condition of the rebel force. I am also well informed by intelligent men of our militia, who have been in their camp as prisoners for three or four days, that our prisoners in Price's hands are treated very badly. Several have been shot down in the presence of the provost guard. Most of them are driven along on foot, after being robbed of their clothing, including their shoes. All this, however, must not provoke us to acts of barbarity toward our prisoners, but will be a matter of settlement when we secure the commander, which I trust will not be long postponed. I approve of your arrangements for escorting the prisoners, and in view of your indisposition, recommend that instead of taking leave of absence to which your certificate of the surgeon entitles you, that you will proceed yourself in the same direction, taking a general charge of their proper care. I prefer they should stop at Leavenworth, as an exchange will probably be made, and delivery through Arkansas may be most convenient and preferable. Besides I will try to make immediate terms of exchange with Price, so as to stop the cruel march with Price's prisoners are now performing. I am sorry, general, that I cannot have you longer with me in this interesting and eventful campaign, but hope we may meet again and review the incidents of march and battle that reward such signal success during our associations in this campaign. I highly approve of your efforts to maintain a good understanding between troops of different States and different departments, and assure you it will be heartily reciprocated by me. As to the matter of Colonel Ritchie, I hope you will authorize his discharge, and I will guarantee no further consideration of the subject will be entertained. He belongs to another department, and as an act of courtesy I accepted his services as a volunteer aide, but do not wish you to make anybody accountable for his extraordinary and perhaps excessive zeal.

Hoping your health may soon revive, and you may long enjoy peace and prosperity, I am, general, very truly, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Fort Scott, October 27, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS, Commanding Department of Kansas:

GENERAL: Major-General Rosecrans has just telegraphed me instructions from Warrensburg to send Generals Sanborn's and McNeil's brigades to their respective districts at Springfield and Rolla, and to conduct the remaining brigades with the captured prisoners and property of their commands of Warrensburg. I shall therefore start to-morrow morning to execute these orders.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

SHANGHAI, October 27, 1864.

General BLUNT:

General Curtis does not deem it expedient to move forward immediately. As soon as more troops arrive, we propose to advance, but does not consider it advisable to do so until McNeil or Pleasonton arrives. He expects both of them up before morning.

S. S. CURTIS,

Aide-de-Camp.

