HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Harrisonville, Mo., October 27, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS, or

Major-General PLEASONTON:

My command is all at this point awaiting the arrival of rations from Warrensburg for this and your command, which will certainly arrive to-day or to-morrow. General Rosecrans left here yesterday evening for Pleasant Hill and that point this morning for Warrensburg.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

MOUND CITY, KANS., October 27, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that at the battle of Mine Creek I collected the prisoners of war captured by the Federal forces acting together under the command of Major-General Curtis, amounting to about 450, including about 45 officers, among whom were Brigadier-General Marmaduke, Brigadier-General Cabell, Colonel Slemons, Colonel Crandall, Colonel Jeffers, and Major Wolf, all of whom were placed under proper guard. A staff officer then presented himself, and demanded General Marmaduke, General Cabell, Colonel Crandall, and a surgeon, by order of General Pleasonton. I refused to deliver them up without the consent of Major-General Curtis. He said he would see General Curtis. He returned soon and brought a lieutenant, and said the matter was arranged and the prisoners were to be placed in charge of the lieutenant. He then took them away without any guard, saying they would pledge their honor not to escape. Not having a very [high] appreciation of their honor I required a receipt for them. The balance of the prisoners I marched to Fort Scott, and placed them in the guard-house, giving the officers separate rooms, when I received the following order:

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,

In the Field, October 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. Sears, Eighteenth U. S. Colored Infantry, provost-marshal-general, will take charge of and guard safely, using all the force necessary, all prisoners of war taken by the Federal forces acting together in this field. He will see that they are kept together and conveyed to Fort Leavenworth, Kans.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

I presented my order to Major-General Pleasonton and demanded the prisoners in his charge. He said the matter was arranged between him and General Curtis, and wished to retain possession of the prisoners, Marmaduke and others, until he received dispatches from General Curtis. General Blunt then left with his forces; General Pleasonton remained. In the evening I again demanded the prisoners. He said the matter was arranged between him and General Curtis, and that he assumed command and relieved me from all responsibility with the prisoners, and put Captain Hall in charge. I used every means in my power to carry out my orders, but was prevented by Major-General Pleasonton. The army was then so far in advance that I thought it impossible for me to overtake it.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. SEARS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.

