
to be almost certain. My regiment had just formed on the extreme left of our line when I commenced the charge. The three companies on the right of my regiment charged through the line of the Tenth Missouri Volunteer Cavalry Regiment, which was formed in their front. In that charge we crushed the enemy's right completely. We pressed them so closely that I cut eight rebels from their horses with my own saber. My regiment captured over 200 prisoners, with two stand of colors. We advanced so far into the enemy's ranks that Major-General Pleasonton ordered our own battery to shell us, thinking we were the retreating enemy, and my men were obliged to scatter to avoid being cut to pieces by your own shells. I should have called to see you, general, had not I received a severe wound in my foot which prevents my riding my horse.

A. R. PIERCE,

Major, Commanding Fourth Iowa Veteran Cavalry.

KANSAS CITY, October 27, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

The interest of our State greatly depends on the result of the movements. Therefore, for the sake of loyal men of this district, send us another commander. The election is near at hand, and what is done must be done quickly. If you can't act in the matter please recommend to General Rosecrans.

Done by order of citizens:

WM. WOODRUFF,

President.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., October 27, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding that Captain Hammer, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, stationed at Salina, has arrived at this post, and from him I learn that the Kaw Indians mentioned in the dispatch* of Lieutenant Van Antwerp, and which was forwarded this p. m., report the Arapahoes and Cheyennes as about 600 strong, moving in a northeasterly course after having crossed the Saline about forty miles above Salina. If the report is true it would indicate that the Indians are intending to strike some of the frontier settlements in the northeast part of the State. I shall start in an hour and will report as I proceed, so as to keep you fully posted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. HENNING,

Major Third Wisconsin Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., October 27, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Fort Wingate, N. Mex.:

SIR: Owing to the total failure of the crop at the Bosque Redondo, and the partial failure of the crop at Taos, Mora, and in other places in

---------------

*See Van Antwerp to Helliwell, October 26, p. 259.

---------------

