
the Territory, I find that we have now as many Navajoes and Apaches on the reservation as we can feed during the winter, so that no more will be permitted to come in until further orders. If necessary, you will have runners sent to inform the Navajoes of this decision. As soon as provisions have been accumulated, enough to warrant others in coming in without danger of suffering, word will be sent to that effect, so that the remnant of the Navajo tribe still at large may proceed to join their people. If any of those still at large commit either murders or robberies they will be pursued and destroyed wherever found. When the for planting came this year those at large were invited to come in and help put in a crop, but then they would not come. Now that the winter is setting in they are anxious to come and eat the fruit of the labors of others. It is true their labors in planting would have had poor results, but they would have shown a disposition to kelp raise their own sustenance, which would have been praiseworthy. Now they must take care of themselves until another spring opens, when again they will have an opportunity to put in a crop. Tell them this. Ascertain as nearly as possible how many Navajoes are still at large, and whether they are poor or rich, and report the facts. Get your horses into serviceable condition, and be on the lookout that no Apaches from the White or the Mogollon Mountains, and that no Navajoes run off the flocks of the people. I must count on your being always on the alert and ready to take the field to prevent any such consequences.

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NOTE.- When did Captain Thompson leave? How long was the train detained at your post?

MILWAUKEE, October 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General SIBLEY,

Saint Paul, Minn.:

GENERAL: When did your companies Thirtieth leave Saint Paul, and for what point? Answer immediately.

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT PAUL, October 27, 1864.

Major MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Four companies Thirtieth Wisconsin left this city 20th instant for Saint Louis, according to General Pope's orders.

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB-DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA,Fort Ridgely, Minn., October 27, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dist. of Minnesota, Saint Paul:

CAPTAIN: Your communication of the 22nd instant has been received by last evening's mail, and arrangements have already been made for the prompt execution of the orders and instructions transmitted. I have neglected to advise you of the arrival at this post of Company A, First U. S. Volunteers, from Fort Wadsworth, and of the return of the

