
detachment of Company I, same regiment, because Captain Straut informed me on his arrival that Major Rose had already reported his action in regard to the first-named company to district headquarters, and because Mr. Brackett, who passed through here on his way to Saint Paul, could communicate this information to the commanding general as quickly as I could have done it by letter. In case that one of the two companies U. S. Volunteers (A and I) should be ordered to Fort Wadsworth yet, I would respectfully request that the orders be forwarded by special messenger, if they have not already been forwarded, so as to reach here to-morrow evening. Matters in Company A seem to be quite loose, and I have made another experience, that a great many of the men in the companies of ex-rebels cannot be depended upon, as the two prisoners of that company confined in the guard house got away last evening, and, as appears by the preliminary investigation had, through the aid of some of their men on guard. Company F of the same regiment, coming up and since here, have committed depredations which made me fear that there would be trouble if the men were stationed in an inhabited portion of the frontier. Until final orders for the disposition of the troops are received I shall not increase the force on the frontier line north and south of this post.

WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WADSWORTH, DAK. TERR.,October 27, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Paul, Minn.:

CAPTAIN: Inclosed please find Major Brown's report of the 26th instant. I will send out and have the Indians mentioned as being on the Coteau and east of James River sent on to the west side just as soon as I can spare the men. The sending off of two companies has reduced the strength of the garrison so much that I have not a spare man at present, but will relieve some of the details at the earliest day practicable, and will then send a scouting party out to visit the places named, and if any Indians are found [they will be] sent or driven off as circumstances may be.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. ROSE,

Major Second Minnesota Cavalry, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

SPECIAL MILITARY AGENCY,

Fort Wadsworth, October 26, 1864.

Major ROBERT H. ROSE, Commanding:

SIR: I informed you a few days since verbally of the approach of some of the Sissetons under Red Feather for the purpose of entering into obligations of peace and placing themselves under the protection of the military authorities of the Government. Five lodges of those Indians have arrived, headed by Owarkee, who was sent from Skunk Lake last spring with a message to the Sisseton camp. He reports that Red Feather, with seven lodges, is on the Cheyenne a short distance above the Bears Lodge and moving down; that there are fifteen lodges of the Light Band of Sissetons below Devil's Lake, who will also come down the Cheyenne, and that several other small camps are moving down as fast as they can detach themselves from the hostile bands; but

