
special agent, and that his orders and those of his agents, properly appointed for said duty in relation to said freedmen, be respected and obeyed from and after the 1st day of November next.

Second. All orders heretofore issued from this department in relation to the care and treatment of such freedmen will remain in force and be executed until modified or revoked at the request of said supervising special agent.

Third. Inventories of all property belonging to the present agencies for care of freedman will be made in triplicate, with estimated value, one of which shall be delivered to Mr. Flanders, and two, properly receipted, forwarded to this office. A statement of expenses paid by military authorities, including subsistence and transportation, will also be executed in duplicate by the superintendent of the bureau and forwarded to this office to be charged against the Treasury Department.

Fourth. All unfinished business necessary to wind up the affairs of the current year will be concluded and completed as rapidly as possible, under charge of Mr. Conway, superintendent Bureau of Freedmen, and accounts and reports made to this office for examination and approval.

Fifth. No new business will be undertaken by officers acting under military orders, except under orders from Mr. Flanders or his properly authorized agents.

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Brazos Santiago, October 28, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Gulf, Ne Orleans:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that since my statement of yesterday a courier from Matamoras has arrived at these headquarters. From him and Mr. Pierce, U. S. consul at that place, I am informed that an expedition of 500 rebels, under Colonel Ford, have left Brownsville, and are moving in the direction of Corpus Christi, under the impression that the U. S. forces are landing at that place.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. DAY,

Colonel, Commanding Forces.

WASHINGTON, October 26, 1864-11.30 a. m.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Arkansas:

Price has been defeated and driven south of Fort Scott. Our troops will pursue. He will probably retreat on Fort Gibson and Fort Smith. He should be met and cut off. His army can be captured or destroyed.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

A special messenger will be sent with this from end of telegraph line.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Major-General Steele.)

