
WARRENSBURG, MO., October 28, 1864-11 p. m.

Major General A. J. SMITH, Harrisonville, Mo.:

The general wishes you to march to Pleasant Hill with your command and the train. Hay there and water two miles south. Make arrangements to sweep the country east and north from Pleasant Hill. You will probably go to Sherman. Grant wishes it. The river is too low to transport you. The railroad has not capacity enough without separating you from your baggage. Expect full instructions at Pleasant Hill. As soon as those instructions are being carried into effect the general would like to see you here. Let your quartermaster make requisition for everything he wants, to be supplied at Saint Louis or nearer. Use all the cavalry, including escort to train.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

WARRENSBURG, MO., October 28, 1864.

Colonel MOORE, Commanding, &amp;c.:

The commanding general of the department directs that you put one of your best infantry regiments in readiness to march at once, provided with three days' rations in their haversacks. He also wishes you to send for Major Foster, who has been in command of this town, a citizen of this place, and request him to report in person forthwith to the commanding general at these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

INDEPENDENCE, October 28, 1864.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff of Major-General Rosecrans, Warrensburg:

SIR: We learn by the Saint Louis Republican of October 25 that the bodies of Major James Wilson and six men, who were turned over by General Sterling Price to the guerrilla Tim Reves, have been found near Washington, Mo., and identified. We therefore respectfully request that the conditions of Special Orders, Numbers 27, relating to their case by immediately fulfilled. We further respectfully suggest that as Major Wilson belonged to our regiment, and as we have a number of officers and men hot and fresh from Price's ranks, that a major and six men be shot, to be selected from the prisoners; shooting to be done under directions of the commanding officer of this regiment.

H. M. MATTHEWS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Missouri Cavalry.

W. L. SHORT,

Surgeon.

C. W. RUSH,

Captain Company G.

ELBERT MAY,

Lieutenant Company G.

THOS. H. MACKLIND,

First Lieutenant.

J. M. ROBERTS,

Captain Company E.

