
INDEPENDENCE, October 28, 1864.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff:

Shall the courier-lines from here to Lexington and here to Santa Fe be continued? Eight men have been killed between here and Lexington by bushwhackers, 3 of them couriers, 3 of De Smith's men, and 2 home guards. I sent out a company, but could find none of them. They report signs of their having crossed the river near Napoleon. How would it be to select eight of the prisoners and execute them in retaliation? The prisoners here are to be sent off as soon as a boat can be sent down from Kansas City, and there will be nothing but wounded left here. I intend to issue an order assessing the disloyalists of this place and vicinity to assist in supporting men's families who have been made [destitute] by Price's thieves. Am I right? Would like to receive orders.

H. M. MATTHEWS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Missouri Militia.

WARRENSBURG, MO., October 28, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. M. MATTHEWS,

Independence, Mo.:

Draw in both lines of couriers and send them to their regiments. I the loyal people of Independence are suffering on account of Price's theft, let the provost-marshal assess their disloyal neighbors, whom Price protected, sufficiently to support them. Pay back on bushwhackers the acts of bushwhackers.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

SPRINGFIELD, October 28, 1864-1.15 p. m.

Captain FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have reports from Greenfield and Mount Vernon that the rebels are moving on both places. Major Burch, at Neosho, informs me that scouts report that Price attacked Fort Scott yesterday and was badly beaten with loss of 7 guns. I leave in the morning with all the mounted men for Mount Vernon.

J. D. BRUTSCHE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Colonel J. Darr, jr., acting provost-marshal-general.)
HEADQUARTERS,Greenfield, Mo., October 28, 1864-12 m.

We are entirely surrounded by Marmaduke's forces on the north and east, number 1,000, and on the south by a force of bushwhackers, the strength not known, but somewhat over 100. They seem to be holding still for some purpose unknown to us. Our strength here is 120, excluding 50 men of the Arkansas Second, which are ordered away.

JAMES M. KIRBY,

Captain, Seventy-sixth Enrolled Missouri Militia, Commanding Post.

