
CARROLLTON, October 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General CRAIG:

I am still without information of any rebel forces in this country, I will march southwest for about two hours, when, if I hear of no force farther west, I will chance my direction to the east, with the view, first, of sweeping out any small force that may be lurking in the Sugar-tree bottom, and, second, of passing over to the eastern part of the county to Grand River, to release some loyal men said to be still his in the brush in that neighborhood.

J. H. SHANKLIN,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. SIXTY-SEVENTH Regiment ENROLLED MISSOURI MIL.,Wellsville, October 28, 1864.

Adjt. General JOHN B. GRAY:

GENERAL: Some two weeks ago information was brought to me from Callaway County, which I have often found reliable, that this place was doomed, but that the attack would not be made for several days for the reason that I had strengthened my post by erecting a good stockade around the block-house, and they to be sure must have artillery, and that they had six pieces on Blackfoot, in Boone County. One week later 100 camped on Hickory Creek, six miles from here, who told Charles Clarke that they were on their way to re-enforce Dorsey, and that this place is doomed, and that they had sent for artillery this morning. Word was here that Bill Anderson was moving from Boone into Callaway, and that bodies of men, probably recruits, were going up the Missouri (bank) from Warren to concentrate near here. This p. m. I got word again that they had cannon, and were to meet Dorsey and his force here. I am advised of the move against Dorsey, and that may delay the threatened attack; but I will say that I am ordered to watch the movements of Dorsey's force, which I am on the lookout for night and day by trusty men. If I learn his coming in time and he takes the creeks up, he will be bushwhacked. I have been thus full in my statement to you, general, that the authorities may be better able to decide upon my call for artillery. The last messenger advised me to take and hold some persons prisoners, as then they will not attack me for fear I will shoot those in confinement. I trust, general, you will excuse me for being so lengthy, as I felt it my duty to important all the information I possessed to those who know more than I do, and consequently better able to judge; but let them come as they may, they can get a fight.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

C. H. CANFIELD,

Colonel Sixty-seventh Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.

WASHINGTON, October 28, 1864 - 11.40 a. m.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Scott, Kans.:

General Grant directs that Price be pursued to the Arkansas River, or at least till he encounters Steele or Reynolds.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

