
by their remissness, prevented the dispatch of the stragglers to the Missouri Reservation and left Lieutenant McGrade without the guides that were directed to accompany him on his trip.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORT ABERCROMBIE, DAK. TERR.,October 28, 1864.

Captain R. C. Olin,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Minnesota:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the safe return to this post of the detachment, under command of Lieutenant G. A. Freudenreich, which escorted Major Morrill's annuity train to the old treaty ground at the crossing of Red Lake River. The detachment arrived here about 4 o'clock this p. m., all in good health, but much worn by their long march. Lieutenant Freudenreich reports everything as having passed off quietly at the payment, although some of the Pembina Indians were disposed to create some disturbance. Their efforts were seconded by some half-breeds from the same locality, but the other Indians discountenanced anything of the kind. Lieutenant Freudenreich is entitled to credit for the soldierly manner in which he acquitted himself throughout this long march. He is a young officer of much promise.

I am, captain, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

C. POWELL ADAMS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., October 29, 1864.

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

The necessity of re-enforcing the armies actually confronting the principal armies of the enemy - Lee's and Beauregard's - is of such vital importance that you are selected to go West as bearer of orders intended to accomplish this end. Your position as chief of staff makes it proper to instruct you with authority to issue orders in the name of the lieutenant-general to further the object of your mission. Now the Price is retreating from Missouri, it is believed that the whole force sent to that State from other departments can be spared at once. The fact, however, that a considerable force is pursuing Price, and may go so far that some time may elapse before they can be returned to Missouri and be distributed for the proper protection of the State, has induced me to make two separate orders, one for the withdrawal only of the command of Major General A. J. Smith, the other embracing also the command of Major-General Mower. You will deliver whichever of these orders you may deem best; or, in case of doubt, telegraph to these headquarters for instruction. The destination of troops withdrawn will depend on circumstances. If it is found that the enemy, under Hood or Beauregard, have actually attempted an invasion of Tennessee, or those under Forrest are approaching the Ohio River, you will send them directly to Major-General Thomas, to confront and frustrate such move-

20 R R - VOL XLI, PT IV

