
Canby on business connected with his duties as commissary-general of prisoners. On the completion of his business General Hoffman will return to his station in this city.

* * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MORGANZA, October 29, 1864 - 8.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHRISTENSEN:

Please say to Major-General Canby that his scout has returned from Alexandria, and reports the station unchanged from what it was when he was last there. He will be down on the Grey Eagle Monday.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 223. New Orleans, La., October 29, 1864.

1. In accordance with instructions from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, Brigadier-General Dennis, commanding Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, will send one regiment of his division to Helena, Ark., to be reported by its commanding officer to the commanding general district of Eastern Arkansas, for temporary service in that district. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., October 29, 1864.

Colonel MIZNER,

Third Michigan Cavalry, Brownsville:

You will report to Brigadier General J. R. West without delay, to relieve Colonel Ryan, at this place.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

CHAS A. HARMS,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

LITTLE ROCK, October 29, 1864.

Brigadier General J. M. THAYER:

If Price should return in the direction of your outposts, draw them into Fort Smith with all the public property possible. A train is being loaded with subsistence stores for your command, and will start to-morrow under a strong escort of infantry. General Herron, Colonel Sackett, and other officers, with a strong of cavalry, will overtake the train. Written will be here in the train this a. m. I want the escort sent back with the empty train, except the Second Arkansas Infantry and the colored companies sent to you. It will be a good chance to

