
send back the Eleventh (colored). Magruder is at Camden fortifying. Part of my re-enforcements are watching Buckner, who it is supposed is trying to get a chance to cross the Mississippi. I am anxious to give Price a blow on his return. He has gone into Kansas, and it is likely that he will pay you a visit. Be on the qui vive.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., October 29, 1864.

Colonel S. H. WATTLES,

Commanding Indian Brigade:

SIR: General Cooper has notified me that his train under flag of truce will not reach North Fork Town until November 3. You will therefore be governed accordingly. This will probably make it safe for you to keep the detachment at Mackey's Lick for a week into November, and also to send out detachments for corn. No later information.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., October 29, 1864 - 10.15 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mi. Div. of West Mississippi:

I have the following information from a refugee engineer from the sunken steamer Runyan, lately imprisoned at Shreveport:

General Thomas' invalid camp, 1,300 strong, three miles back of Alexandria; Polignac's division, 9,000 strong; Walker's, 4,000. Buckner is at Alexandria; Smith at Shreveport; the railroad is running thirty miles from Shreveport; breast-works about Shreveport are six feet high; ditch, eight feet deep and twelve feet wide; fort at the river mounting two heavy guns; conscript camp four miles back; 100 in camp. The commander of the gun-boats off Gaines' Landing also reports on the 27th that the following troops will leave Princeton and vicinity on Monday next for Pine Bluff and Little Rock; Genera Forney, commanding Walker's old division, 3,500; General Parsons' (Missouri), 2,500; total infantry, 12,500. General Wharton, General Parsons (Texas), Colonel Crump, and others, cavalry, 6,000; re-enforcements from Indian country, cavalry, 3, 500. Total, 22,000. They will be joined by Harrison's brigade from Monroe, about 1,000 strong.

Respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 29, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICERS,

Cairo, Ill.:

Belle Saint Louis left Memphis Thursday, 27th. Three of my detectives were on board. One woke up that night, while lay at Randolph taking on cotton, by crash of musketry. Rebels were in pilot-house and engine-room, trying to get boat ashore. Two Federal majors

