
MORGANZA, October 17, 1864.

(Received 8.23 p.m.)

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

In addition to the detachment going to Simsport, I will to-morrow send a similar force also to Morgan's Ferry, with five days' rations and forage. Boats for crossing infantry to drive of sharpshooters on the opposite side will be sent with each detachment. The detachment to be sent are sent from the brigade under marching orders.

M. K. LAWLER.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., October 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General McGINNIS,

Commanding Third Division, Nineteenth Corps:

By direction of the general commanding you will detail two regiments of not less than 300 men each, from your Third Brigade, under a competent field officer, to move out and occupy Simsport, starting to-morrow morning at 4 o'clock. Five days' rations and 100 rounds of ammunition will be taken; 100 cavalry and two pieces of artillery will accompany the expedition. Please direct the officer detailed to report at these headquarters for instructions at 4 p.m. to-day.

By command of Brigadier General M. K. Lawler:

B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., October 17, 1864.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding, &amp;c., Vicksburg:

Your dispatch of the 14th is received. General Steele informs me, under date of the 9th, that the rebels are falling back from his lines. General Reynolds will, on his way to the White River, stop at your post, and has instructions in case he considers your remaining force too weak, to relieve part of the troops sent by you on the 14th, and the balance, or the greater portion thereof, if he is satisfied that the recent rebel movement is not a feint. Your assignment to the District of Vicksburg was made by order of the Secretary of War, and the papers submitted by you, in reference to your new assignment, will be submitted for his decision.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., October 17, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,

Little Rock:

The movement of the rebels reported in your dispatch of the 9th may have been occasioned by demonstrations made from this direction. I do not trust it, however, as it may be a feint to draw off the troops

