
wounded.* Rebels finally driven off, except one wounded. He made a confidant of one of our detectives, and said the gang was under command of William Forrest and numbered forty in all. There is another band, under a Captain Ford, numbering forty more. These men had orders to guard the Mississippi from the mouth of Wolf River to Randolph and destroy all Government property and soldiers. They also go to Big Hatchie and Coverland [Covington], about twenty miles northeast of Randolph. The detective asked, "What are you guarding the river for in that way?" to which the wounded rebel replied: "General Forrest is at Jackson, Tenn., and is going to make a raid into Kentucky, and Captain Ford and William Forrest were posted there to see if any Federal infantry landed to cut him off. If so, they were to report to General Forrest." The wounded rebel was brought to Cairo, and, as I learned, placed in a hospital there. His name is Willis Jones.

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Acting Provost-Marshal-General, Department of the Missouri.

SAINT LOUIS, October 29, 1864 - 5.10 p. m.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff, in the Field:

I have observed in the evening issue of the Missouri Democrat of this date a statement that we have captured Major P. R. Carrington, inspector-general of some rebel brigade. If he can be shot in retaliation for the murder of Major Wilson, please send him here for execution. I notice also the name of Major William Cook, of Freeman's staff. I desire to carry out the orders given to me in relation to the murder of Major Wilson as soon as possible.

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Acting Provost-Marshal-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 13. Warrensburg, Mo., October 29, 1864.

* * * * * *

III. The Enrolled Missouri Militia, now on duty in Jefferson City, Mo., will proceed to Saint Louis, Mo., and report to Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, jr., commanding Saint Louis District, who will muster them in and out of service to cover the time they have been on duty. Lieutenant Colonel S. H. Melcher, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, is hereby assigned to the command of the post of Jefferson City, Mo.

* * * * * *

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., October 29, 1864.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff:

I telegraphed you six days ago requesting authority to order out of service three-fourths of the militia on duty in my district. To that

---------------

* For reports of this affair, see Vol. XXXIX, Part I, p. 879.

---------------

