HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., October 29, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Saint Charles, Mo.:

I think you had better send any troops you may have ready to Warrenton. Whether you can send any or not, send a train up the road at once to take on the bridge guard at Perruque and move it up, leaving twenty-five men at the block-houses at the bridge. I have ordered Major Montgomery, who is at Wentzville, forward with his cavalry. The troops you send up and those from the bridge will join him at Warrenton, or follow him if he has gone on. Push this forward as promptly as possible. The officer in command will exercise his best discretion, but if those guerrillas have gone, the infantry should not follow, but return to their posts unless there is a good prospect of catching them. Send a copy of this to Major Joy, commanding at Perruque, as his order. Acknowledge receipt of this, and answer.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

FRANKLIN, MO., October 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

The work at bridges goes on well. The cars will cross first bridge in a week from to-day. Volunteers for thirty days cannot be had from my command, but I think the Fifty-fourth could be kept on service without any trouble. There is also at Hermann a part of the Thirty-fourth who would remain without a murmur. My own men seem determined not to stay. There were only 170 of Thirteenth left yesterday; at Franklin, one company First Battalion Cavalry Enrolled Missouri Militia, for duty fifty men; at Franklin and bridges, Fifty-fourth Enrolled Missouri Militia, for duty 440 men.

E. C. PIKE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., October 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General Pike,

Franklin:

Please send by telegraph a list of Enrolled Missouri Militia regiments under your command at the present time, including those now under General Meyers.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKLIN, MO., October 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

At Hermann, five companies Eleventh Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, for duty 145 men; three companies Thirty-fourth Enrolled Missouri Militia, for duty 144 men; two companies First Battalion Cavalry Enrolled Missouri Militia, for duty 78 men. At Washington, one company Fifty-fourth Enrolled Missouri Militia, for duty 40 men.

