
[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, October 31, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Captain P. Flanagin, assistant quartermaster, Franklin, Mo., for his report.

W. MYERS,

Colonel and Chief Quartermaster.

[Third indorsement.]

ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Franklin, Mo., November 3, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Colonel William Myers, chief quartermaster with the following report: That every means has been used to facilitate the rebuilding of both bridges, and that the work, instead of progressing very slow as Colonel Sigel reports, has gone on very fast, that there has been no inactivity among the working parties; on the contrary, that every man has done his utmost. As to the evil being remedied by better supervision I am not able to judge, as I presume I am looked upon as the responsible party. I would state that I have done everything in my power to facilitate said work, both by furnishing supplies promptly and giving the work my constant personal attention. My impression is that the reports spoken of by Colonel Sigel came from persons passing the bridges who know very little or nothing about work on such structures, and consequently would not be responsible authority. Captain P. S. Fox, who came here under direction of General McCallum, thought the work was progressing very well.

P. FLANIGAN,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

[First indorsement.]

SAINT LOUIS, November 5, 1864.

This paper being referred to me, I beg respectfully to state that my experience has shown that details of men from the ranks on bridge superstructure are always slow in the progress of their work. This is owing partly to the inexperience of the men, and also from having no pecuniary incentive for more rapid exertion. I am inclined to believe that sufficient activity has been exercised on the part of the supervision to accomplish all that was in the force at his disposal.

PHIL. S. FOX,

Engineer for Reconstruction of Bridges, Pacific Railroad.

[Fifth indorsement.]

OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,

Saint Louis, November 5, 1864.

Captain F. ENO,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of Missouri, Saint Louis:

Respectfully returned and attention invited to the indorsement of Captain Flanigan; also to that of Engineer Fox.

W. MYERS,

Colonel and Chief Quartermaster.

WARRENSBURG, MO., October 29, 1864.

Colonel HEATH,

Thirty-third Missouri Volunteers, California, Mo.:

Leave two companies at California at Tipton, relieving Captain Jones, Fourteenth Iowa Infantry.

