
WARRENSBURG, MO., October 29, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES CRAIG,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

General Fisk has orders to send you, with every man you can collect, to march down the Missouri River, sweeping the country clean as you go and arresting every man who has joined Price in the last raid. Go as far as Glasgow and report to Fisk there. Smith will do the same south of the river. Hang every secesh soldier you catch in Federal uniform by military commission or drum-head. Use your own discretion as regards your march, only be sure to cover as wide a section of country as possible, and be able always to concentrate. Be at Albany by the 3rd proximo.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

Copy to General Fisk as soon as line is open to Glasgow.

SAINT LOUIS, October 29, 1864 - 10.45 p. m.

Brigadier-General CRAIG,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

Is the death of Bill Anderson fully confirmed? We fear the news is too good to be true. Please give me all the news you have and the situation in your command up to date.

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, three miles from Carrolton, October 29, 1864 - 6 p. m.

General CRAIG.

I moved down the Missouri bottom to-day, scouting the Sugartree bottom. Found no rebels forces. I have positive information that 480 rebels came down from the direction of Ray County and crossed over into Saline at Waverly on last Monday and Tuesday, and that sixty more crossed at the same place on Wednesday. About sixty, under Joe Welden, have been seen in that vicinity since. Cannot learn whether they have crossed. I will return to Carrolton to-morrow. On my return I desire to relieve my men, except those for whom I have drawn clothing, which, I think, will leave me sufficiently strong. If this meets your views, please reply at once, as I will wish to relieve all I can immediately on my return.

J. H. SHANKLIN,

Colonel, &amp;c.

IN THE FIELD,

Compton's Ferry, October 29, 1864.

General CRAIG:

The rebels in some force, understood to be Bill Anderson's men, passed eastward through Carroll County yesterday and Captain Beatty and a Mr. Shirley. While I moved down the bottom the rebels passed rapidly north of Carrollton, giving me a wide berth. They heard of

