
me early in the day, and I did not hear of them until after night. They crossed Grand River five miles south of here about midnight. They report that Bill Anderson was killed in a fight with the militia in Ray County on the 27th. I have just learned, and I think reliably, that this force crossed the river at Brunswick to-day.

J. H. SHANKLIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

NEWTONIA, MO., October 29, 1864 - 5 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

After our victory last night I started the troops at 3 this morning in farther pursuit of Price, General McNeil in advance, when orders from General Rosecrans, through Pleasonton, were received, taking McNeil to Rolla and Sanborn to Springfield, and otherwise disposing of all other troops, including my prisoners, who remained in the rear. I am left with only the fragments of my own regular volunteers, not exceeding 1,000 fit for duty, and deeming it improper to continue a pursuit in another department, suspended by its proper commander, I shall return by slow marches to my own department command.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 29, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Kansas City:

Do you hear anything from the force reported by General Craig? It would be well to send out a trusty man, if you have one, to ascertain facts.

W. H. STARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

KANSAS CITY, October 29, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. STARK:

There is a rumor that a body of men crossed the river east of Richfield some distance, going south. Can learn nothing certain.

K. COATES,

Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE CAVALRY,Locust Grove, eight miles north of Neosho, October 29, 1864 - 7.30 p. m.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report being at this point, having found forage for the night and none ahead of me on the road to Newtonia, which point I expected to make to-day. I have learned from couriers that you had left there and en route for Newtonia; that the commands of Generals McNeil and Sanborn had gone toward Springfield. My command is nearly worn down; can scarcely get many of the horses along. I wish to know in writing whether I shall join you, as

