
sent to you. Recruits and drafted men are to be sent to the division, but I do not know how far you will be re-enforced from this source. The troops of General Reynolds will be needed for operations east of the Mississippi,and they will not be committed to operations from which they cannot be recalled unless it is indispensable necessary for defensive purposes. Have you any report from Fort Smith?

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mouth of White River, Ark., October 17, 1864.

Colonel J. J. GUPPEY,

Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: You will select your smallest regiment and have it prepared for embarkation at an early hour to-morrow morning. The Steamer Ellwood has arrived from Memphis, and the steamer Colonel Cowles being here, both will proceed up White River to-morrow morning. You will put as many men as possible on the Ellwood. The remainder can go on the Colonel Cowles, with the One hundred and twenty-fourth Illinois. All transportation will be left behind. Barges will be furnished to carry the transportation for your entire command when it moves. Tents and camp and garrison equipage will accompany the regiment. Both steamers will move to the landing opposite the camp some time during the night, and you will please have the regiment to selected embark so that the boats may leave at daylight to-morrow morning, the 18th instant.

By order of Brigadier-General Dennis:

WM. E. KUHN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mouth of White River, Ark., October 17, 1864.

Colonel J. W. HOWE,

Commanding 124th Illinois Infantry:

COLONEL: As soon as the steamer Colonel Cowles returns after coaling you will embark your command so as to be ready to leave this post to-morrow morning, October 18, at 5 o'clock, and proceed to Devall's Bluff, Ark., reporting on your arrival to the commanding officer of the U. S. forces at that place.

By order of Brigadier-General Dennis:

WM. E. KUHN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 255. Little Rock, Ark., October 17, 1864.

I. The Third Minnesota Infantry Volunteers will take station at Devall's Bluff and report for duty to Brigadier General C. C. Andrews, commanding.

* * * * *

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

