
our slaughter and plundered citizens. For all these reasons I have sent Colonel Carson into the field with as many men as can be spared to make such an attempt, and it is not proposed to embarrass him with such instructions as you have done me the honor to suggest. If, however, you are satisfied that any portion of the Comanche tribe have not participated in the late outrages, and who still seriously desire to be at peace, and will send a reliable agent with Colonel Carson to designate that portion, he will be charge to make the discrimination unless we have information which may lead him to believe that such agent is mistaken.

I beg to apologize for the length of this communication, and in closing it to assure you that it has been with reluctance that I sent these troops into the field to make war, but I cannot see what else there is left for us to do, unless it be to bear all these outrages uncomplainingly, and as soon as spring opens witness their recurrence with increased barbarity, for these Indians would attribute our refraining to strike to our fears, and then kill and rob our people with impunity.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NOTE.- I append for you information a copy of a letter from Mr. Greenwood, Commissioner of Indian Affairs, to Mr. Secretary Thompson in relation to depredations in San Miguel County, N. Mex., in November, 1859.

J. H. C.

DEPT. OF THE INTERIOR, OFFICE OF INDIAN AFFAIRS,

December 30, 1859.

Honorable JACOB THOMPSON,

Secretary of the Interior:

SIR: I have the honor herewith to transmit for your information the copy of a letter from Supt. J. L. Collins, dated the 5th instant, covering the minutes of the proceedings of a meeting of the citizens of San Miguel County, assembled on the 1st instant, at Las Vegas, N. Mex. The minutes show not only that the Comanches have during November last destroyed several ranches, but are now prowling upon the borders with the evident design of repeating their depredation upon the property of the settlers. The superintendent says in his communication that he believes that the statements of the settlers are not exaggerated, and submits the propriety of calling the attention of the Secretary of War to the subject. He further says that the Indians of the plains will certainly have to the chastised before we can have any security in passing over the plains. He thinks that a large military force should be employed, and that three columns, one from Texas, one from New Mexico, and one from Kansas, should simultaneously enter the Indian country, and that single column would, in his opinion, do nothing effective. I would respectfully suggest, provided it meets with your approbation, that copies of the inclosures be transmitted to the Secretary of War for his information and such action thereon as in his judgment the exigencies of the case shall require.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. GREENWOOD,

Commissioner.

