HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB-DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA,Fort Ridgely, October 29, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Minnesota, Saint Paul, Minn.:

CAPTAIN: Your dispatch of the 26th instant has been received, and in reply I can say that the two companies, A and F, First U. S. Volunteers, will start for Forts Wadsworth and Abercrombie to-morrow; Company A, Second Cavalry, for Snelling on Monday or Tuesday, and that the other companies (with the exception of the section of Third Battery, which will start on Monday also) are on the move. Company H, Second Minnesota Cavalry, has just arrived with about seventy horses to be turned over, which will leave me about 375 men on hand, besides the battery. On the return of Lieutenant McGrade's detachment the number will be increased to about 440, with accommodations for 500 at this post. On the frontier about 200 more dismounted men could be comfortably located, and if this number is taken from the garrison of this post about 250 more men could be accommodated here during the winter. There are accommodations for about 400 animals, which could be extended to 500 in case of absolute necessity. The transportation at our disposition will be materially diminished after the two companies for Forts Wadsworth and Abercrombie are dispatched, as they take six teams, which will be unable to return to this post. This number should therefor be furnished if it cannot be made up of Major Brackett's battalion. The companies included in my estimates for accommodations are F, H, L, Second Minnesota Cavalry; G, Connecticut Cavalry, and I, First U. S. Volunteers. As soon as the horses brought in by Company H are turned over I shall cause an informal inspection of all the animals at the post to be made and report without delay the result.

I am, captain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB-DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA,For Ridgely, October 29, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Minnesota, Saint Paul:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inform you that this morning at 2.30 I received dispatched for the brigadier-general commanding from General Sully, which left Sioux City on the 27th instant at 10 a. m., reaching this post in forty hours and thirty minutes.

In a letter directed to the commanding officer at Mankato I was informed that the dispatch informs the general that 375 animals of Brackett's battalion would be near Fairmount on the 6th of November and would need forage, whereupon I concluded to forward the dispatch as quick as possible, but without employing extraordinary means, and in the meantime to make the necessary arrangements for the supply of the animals.

Lieutenant Phillips, Company I, Second Cavalry, en route to Jackson, has been ordered to proceed to that post in advance of his detachment, and after engaging at least two days' supply of grain and hay, which can be procured at that post, to send a special messenger to meet Major Brackett at Spirit Lake and inform him of the measures adopted at that post. I shall also try to have enough grain for his use at the several posts which he shall pass on his march to Fort Ridgely, in order to prevent the loss of animals for want of forage.

