
Hoping that my delay in forwarding the dispatch will be executed, in view of the fact that I have already done what could be expected, I remain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

STATE OF WISCONSIN, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Madison, Wis., October 29, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

SIR: I have the honor to state that information has been received at this office, from responsible parties, that a secret organization against Government now exists at Shullsburg, La Fayette County, in this State, numbering eighty-five members, and that they have within the past fortnight sent for arms. I would respectfully call your attention to these facts and refer you to Honorable Allen Wordin, of Darlington, and H. H. Ensign, esq., of Shullsburg, for further particulars. I trust that all necessary precautionary steps will be taken by the proper authorities to prevent any disturbance of the peace by this or similar organizations within this State.

Respectfully,

JAMES T. LEWIS,

Governor of Wisconsin.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, October 29, 1864.

Major-General POPE:

The detachment Thirtieth Wisconsin Infantry left this morning for Nashville, via Paducah. They will report for temporary duty at Paducah should their services be required for the present emergency; otherwise, proceed directly to Nashville.

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIOUX CITY, October 29, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS,For Leavenworth:

In one week I will have here 500 infantry, ordered to Saint Louis. Will it be safe to send them down the river in flat-boats?

SULLY,

General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General SULLY,

Sioux City, Iowa:

It would not, in my opinion, be safe to send troops as proposed farther than Saint Joe, but may be when they arrive. General Curtis has punished Price badly in every engagement, capturing 2 generals and 11 pieces of artillery and many prisoners.

W. H. STARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

