
KEOKUK, IOWA, October 29, 1864.

Major J. F. MELINE

A. A. A. G., Hdqrs. Dept. of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose copies of a telegraphic dispatch from General Baker, the adjutant-general of Iowa, of this date, and my answer thereto. The correspondence will explain itself, and if my answer to General Baker misinterprets the order under which I am here, I respectfully ask to be so informed.

With great respect, major, your obedient servant,

T. C. H. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

DAVENPORT, October 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General SMITH,

Commanding U. S. Troops:

I do not understand your authority to command the militia of Iowa. Will write.

N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General of Iowa.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

KEOKUK, IOWA, October 29, 1864.

General N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General of Iowa, Davenport, Iowa:

GENERAL: I have just received your dispatch of this date, saying that you do not understand my authority to command the militia of Iowa. As I am not aware of having attempted to exercise command over any portion of the militia of this State, I do not understand the occasion of your dispatch. If, however, Special Orders, Numbers 174, headquarters Department of the Northwest, has been communicated to you from department headquarters, and you refer to the terms in which I am authorized to assume command of the militia, I will say at once, in advance of your letter on the subject, and to prevent misapprehension, that I have not understood myself as authorized to assume command without the consent of and request of the proper authorities of this State. I understood the order would operate to enable me, in case the State authorities wished me in an emergency to take command, to assume such command with the consent of the major-general commanding the department.

With great respect, general, your obedient servant,

T. C. H. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

[OCTOBER 30, 1864.- For Sherman to Dana, in relation to operations in West Tennessee, Georgia, and North Alabama, see Vol. XXXIX, Part III, p. 527.]

[OCTOBER 30, 1864.- For Grierson to Howard, relating to operations of Cavalry Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, see Vol. XXXIX, Part III, p. 528.]

