
pressing letter by last night's boat, to be telegraphed from Cairo, for the immediate return to this place of Generals A. J. Smith's and Mower's divisions. If those troops were here an expedition could move to Corinth and disconcert General Forrest's plans, whatever they may be.

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

MEMPHIS, October 30, 1864.

(Via Cairo 8 p. m. November 1.)

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Inclosed herewith please find copy of dispatch from General Howard, commanding Army and Department of the Tennessee.* There is a force of about 20,000 men between Memphis and the Tennessee River at Jackson, Corinth, and Eastport, commanded by Forrest, Chalmers, Mabry, and, I think, Dick Taylor. They have just completed two bridges across the Hatchie, five miles from Bolivar, and on the direct road from Jackson to Memphis, which looks like threatening the place. To resist this force we have about 2,000 white and 3,000 colored troops, so the general will see the necessity of forwarding General Smith's and General Mower's divisions as soon as possible. Forrest is repairing the railroad from Corinth to Jackson.

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., October 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

I am directed by the major-general commanding the department to telegraph you the following field order:

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 14. Warrensburg, October 30, 1864.

* * * * * *

The following organization of Enrolled Militia are hereby released from active service, to wit: First Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, Colonel Fenn commanding; Eightieth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, Colonel Rankin commanding; Eighty-fifth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, Colonel Smith commanding, now on duty under Brigadier-General Miller on Iron Mountain Railroad; Seventh, Eleventh, and Thirteenth Regiments and the three companies of the Thirty-fourth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, now on duty on the Pacific and Southwest Branch Railroad, and the Tenth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia at Jefferson City, Mo. are also relieved from active service.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

Very respectfully,

J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKLIN, MO., October 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

Major Montgomery, commanding two squadrons of the Sixth Cavalry, has just arrived opposite Hermann. Reports having followed rebel force 400 strong to within ten miles of Hermann. He is ordered to report to Saint Louis. Is he not wanted where he is?

E. C. PIKE,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

* See Howard to Grierson, October 24, 1864, Vol. XXXIX, Part III, p. 428.

---------------

