
FRANKLIN, MO., October 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

The Second Brigade were relieved at Jefferson City by the Governor, and have passed Hermann on their way to Saint Louis by boat.

E. C. PIKE,

Brigadier-General.

PLEASANT HILL, October 30, 1864 - 10 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Warrensburg:

I have just arrived with my command and await orders. Find none here.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., October 30, 1864.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Right Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, Pleasant Hill, Mo.:

GENERAL: The general commanding wishes you to move your command from its present camp at Pleasant in six columns, carrying three days' rations in haversacks and ammunition enough for field service. The Third Division will march in three columns.

First day: First column, due north from Pleasant Hill to the Warrensburg and Independence roads. Second column, by Lone Jack to Big Snibar River, down river to Snibar and Independence road. Third column, with wagons and batteries by Lone Jack, and on road two miles west of Chapel Hill to camp near Snibar Post-Office, on Independence road. Wagons enough to carry 15,000 rations for troops and 15,000 rations to be left at Lexington will go with this column.

Second day: First column march across prairie to the head of Fire Creek and commence scouting down creek so as to reach Cogswell's Landing third day. Second column, on road to Napoleon City; thence down Big Snibar River to camp about five miles from Wellington. Third column, to Lexington. Leave at Lexington three days' rations for first and second columns, and turn over 15,000 rations to commissary at post, retaining the wagons with the command.

Third day: First column, to Cogswell's Landing, from whence it will rejoin the advance column without delay, passing through Lexington for three days' rations. Second column, to join advance column without delay, drawing three days' rations at Lexington. Third column, to Dover, scouting the river bottom. The Third Division will march to Pinnacles the fourth day, and reach Glasgow on the fifth day, where boats and rations will await them.

The First Division will also move in three columns.

First day: First column, to Holden with the batteries and wagons. Second column, on the north road from Pleasant Hill to Warrensburg to a camp on a small stream southwest of Columns and about six miles from it. Third column, to Chapel Hill.

Second day: First column to camp between Warrensburg and Knobnoster, on the Blackwater. Second column, to Kirkpatrick's Mills. Third column, from Chapel Hill down Davis' Creek to camp near Atfee, near bridge.

