
several districts. I have therefore ordered your troops to resume the pursuit, supposing it will meet with your approbation, as there are no other troops sufficient to carry out the purpose of the lieutenant-general commanding. Since my militia has left me your portion of the command has been much the greatest, and I have expected your arrival to assume the responsibilities of the movements against Price.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., October 30, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Your dispatch of 1 a. m. of this date received. It was my intention and expectation that Sanborn's and McNeil's brigades should follow the enemy, whose condition I suppose to be such as to required no further force to bring them in reach of Fort Smith and of General Steele. Sanborn's report of the affair at Newtonia reached me this a. m., and he has orders to take every available man and force Price within reach of Steele's men. Please dispatch me the state of affairs on receipt of this. Sanborn has 1,200 fresh men at Springfield to throw into the pursuit. Most of that part of our cavalry returning with Pleasonton would have been unavailable for a pursuit. Winslow's brigade was worn down by long marches and is under orders to return to General Sherman. Sanborn will move toward Cassville and will communicate with you at once.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,Neosho, mo., October 30, 1864 - 1 a. m.

General A. J. SMITH:

Your dispatch of the 27th instant is just received. After fighting Price at Newtonia last night he retreated toward Cassville. An order from General Rosecrans withdrew his troops, and I, not strong enough without them, came thus far on my return. Orders just received from Lieutenant-General Grant induce me to resume the pursuit. I shall need infantry very much, but do not see how you will be able to overtake me except by conveying your men in wagons and traveling night and day.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,In the Field, Neosho, Mo., October 30, 1864 - 1 a. m.

Brigadier General JOHN McNEIL,

Commanding Brigade, in the Field:

Dispatches just received from Lieutenant-General Grant require me to continue the pursuit of Price to the Arkansas River. You will, therefore, proceed forthwith to Cassville, reporting to me with your command at that place. If you find Price's trail leaves the road, halt and inform me as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General, Commanding.

