
my command about half an hour after the battle opened, having left Fort Scott the morning before, and the two commands drove the enemy in confusion from the field. General Price burned fifty more wagons Friday night and abandoned a large amount of other property. Our losses at Newtonia are about 150 killed and wounded. The enemy lost at least 500. No damage to the public property at Neosho or Newtonia. General Curtis has just dispatched that he is directed by Lieutenant-General Grant to pursue the enemy to the Arkansas, and orders me to send my force to Cassville at once. I do not think General Curtis's order is legitimate under the circumstances. what is your desire or orders in the case? I am getting prisoners fast here and I think doing more than I can possibly do in the pursuit. Most of the stock sent farther in pursuit will be a total loss to the Government. Price will be pursued by General Starvation across the river - a most formidable enemy to him.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 230. Jefferson City, Mo., October 30, 1864.

* * * * * *

2. Colonel M. M. Flesh, commanding Forty-second Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, will move immediately with his entire company, camp and garrison equipage, from the mouth of Cedar Creek to Jefferson City, Mo., and report to Colonel Franklin W. Hickox, commanding Fourth Brigade, Enrolled Missouri Militia, for duty. Captain T. S. Case, assistant quartermaster, will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

A. R. CONKLIN,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, October 30, 1864 - 11 a. m.

Captain FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

There is not a shadow of doubt but that Anderson is killed. Colonel Cox is here. He has Anderson's pocket-book, containing letter from his wife, two orders from General Price, a lock of his wife's hair, and other things; his body while at Richmond Court-House was recognized by several persons who were acquainted with him. Colonel Cox has also his likeness, and also wife's. Will send you one of them.

JAS. CRAIG,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. SEVENTH MILITARY DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., October 30, 1864.

Colonel SHANKLIN,

Chillicothe:

I am ordered by General Rosecrans to make another campaign into river counties. Get those 100 men well mounted, ready to march, on

