
Tuesday, with ten days' rations meat. I will telegraph you to-morrow when to meet me. Columns will march from this city, Weston, Platte bridge, Stewartsville, and hamilton. I will go from Hamilton and join you at some point in Caldwell or Ray. Muster all your troops to-morrow.

JAS CRAIG,

Brigadier-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., October 30, 1864.

Colonel BLAIR,

Commanding Fort Scott:

Please let me know the plan of pursuit after passing Fort Scott and its progress, including the route or routes taken by the rebel forces. Springfield operator gives news of an engagement of Sanborn with the rebels, fifty miles from Springfield, in which the rebels were badly worsted. Nothing official received. Please give me all the information you have.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

FORT SCOTT, October 30, 1864 - 7 p. m.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

Both dispatches just received. McNeil never stopped in his pursuit. He and General Blunt camped together at Shanghai Wednesday night. General sanborn and the other column left here Thursday, a day behind, but started before I returned. General Pleasonton left Friday for Warrensburg. The last I heard of price he was below Carthage, going to Neosho. I think the design of General Curtis was to push the enemy clear to the Arkansas. Such was General Halleck's instructions by telegraph, which I forward after my return. I am forwarding subsistence as fast as I can gather or press wagons. They need both subsistence and forage, as the country affords neither.

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,In the Field, Neosho, October 30, 1864 - 1 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. BLAIR:

COLONEL: We were overtaken at Newtonia, yesterday morning at daylight, by orders from General Rosecrans, directed to his brigade commanders, to return to their several districts, two hours after McNeil has resumed the march, and at the moment Blunt was in marching order. We proceeded to this place with our own force, halting for the night. The general has just received dispatches from Lieutenant-General Grant directing the pursuit of Price to be continued to the Arkansas River. Orders have been sent to Generals McNeil and Sanborn, and Colonels Philips and Benteen, severely, to proceed forthwith to Cassville with their brigades, where we will join the column with this command. The general desires you to give your immediate attention to the forwarding of ample supplies for this force by the shortest and best route to that point and the movement of General Thayer's train may be made sub-

