
ordinate to this object. He hopes that you will be able to collect stragglers enough from the two departments (Kansas and Arkansas) to continue a sufficient escort for the train.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Neosho, October 30, 1864.

Colonel BLAIR:

SIR: Urgent dispatches have been sent to Captain Clark to forward ammunition. On the receipt of this you will facilitate his movements, that no delay whatever may occur in sending the required supplies. Urge all possible speed, as everything depends on its prompt receipt.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

T. I. McKENNY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

IN THE FIELD,

Neosho, Mo., October 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General DAVIES,

Fort Leavenworth:

I wish to have you assume control of the District of South Kansas while I and General Blunt pursue the enemy. Have stragglers collected and send as many troops as possible to Fort Scott to assist in escorting supplies to my forces. We are driving most of the bushwhackers in the great herd of Price, and I hope to get them so far away they will trouble is no more forever. You will of course make no radical changes as to general regulations, as I do not except to be many days in the consummation of my duties in this campaign.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT SCOTT, October 30, 1864.

General Davies:

Price near Neosho; when I last heard, our troops pursuing, but nothing of importance heard. Will telegraph you if I get anything from below.

BLAIR,

Colonel, Commanding.

HDQRS. FORT WADSWORTH, DAK. TERR., October 30, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Paul, Minn.:

CAPTAIN: In pursuance to Special Orders, Numbers 216, extract II., I have this day started en route for Abercrombie, thereto take the stage for Fort Snelling. Chief of Scouts P. Bottineau and all the scouts (six) under his command, with instructions for them to stop for a few days at lightning's Nest and put up a temporary building for the

