
accommodation of the mail carriers and their horses; also to mark out a new road from there to Fort Abercrombie. Bottineau tells me he can lay out a shorter and better road, one avoiding the Wild Rice River, which now is crossed twice, and is said to be impassable when the water is high. If the company of First U. S. Volunteer Infantry come up (I hope they won't) I will send out a detachment of them, some thirty, to Lightning's Nest and have them put a good stockade; but if they do not come I will not be able to keep any force there this winter. I have sent for a portion of the new scouts to come in. They will be here to-morrow; also for Renville, as I wish to give him some instructions. Please inform mein your next whether or not if was the general's intention to have him on the list; I hope it was. I intend for the present keeping twelve scouts, under Charles Crawford, stationed here, four of them to attend only to carry the mail and eight scouting; the remainder under Renville at James River and vicinity. Red Feather came in this afternoon. I have not seem him yet. He was reported at once of the picket posts. I have given directions for him to stop at the agency to-night and come to the fort to-morrow. I understand that he has ten lodges. I propose to send him and all Indians that come in to the James River and place them under the immediate charge of Gabriel Renville. Does the general wish any further treaty made with them than merely the assurance that if they remain loyal to the Government, and show their sincerity by acts, they will be protected from all enemies? But they must conform to all rules laid down for them. Buffalo are reported as being very numerous both in the vicinity of the James and Cheyenne. I send the mail out early in the morning, but if Red Feather imparts any news of importance (I understand he has none) I will send another set of couriers with dispatches. How do you want men reported who are absent from the post merely temporarily? For instance, as escort to train going after hay, and those who stay at the field to guard hay, &amp;c.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. ROSE,

Major Second Minnesota Cavalry, Commanding Post.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 31, 1864 - 3 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

Telegram just received from General Curtis states that General Rosecrans has recalled his troops from the pursuit of Price. This is contrary to repeated orders. I have just telegraphed that the pursuit must be continued.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., October 31, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

SIR: In obedience to your instructions I have the honor to make the following report of the geographical, military, political, and social condition of the country lying on the coast between the Mississippi and

22 R R - VOL XLI, PT IV

