
U. S. STEAM-SHIP BENTON,

Below Waterproof, October 31, 1864.

General DANA, Vicksburg:

SIR: I learn to-day that Wirt Adams, with Powell's, Whitaker's, Eugar's, Johnson's, and Routh's forces, is near Fayette, moving toward Washington. Designs to retaliate and prevent another raid by Lieutenant Earl. Adams' headquarters at Union Church at last accounts. Earl's raid did much good. Another like it would about strip the country. I get this from a negro. He don't know how many Adams has. No other news.

In haste, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. L. MAY,

Lieutenant Commander, Commanding Fifth Division, Miss. Squadron.

Abstract from tri-monthly report of Corps of Special Scouts, organized by order of Major General E. R. S. Canby, and commanded by Lieutenant Isaac N. Earl, for the eleven days commencing October 20, 1864, and ending October 31, 1864.

I left New Orleans (where I was at the date of my last report) on the morning of the 25th, on board the steamer Starling, and arrived at Natchez at 3 p. m. of the 26th. On the morning of the 27th I went with my command about twenty miles down the river and landed opposite Ellis' Cliffs and captured 5 men belonging to the signal corps of General Buckner's division. As this was only a detachment from the corps, I captured nothing with them except their horses and arms, which I still have on hand. I returned to Natchez on the evening of the 27th, and by reason of some disarrangement to the boat's machinery I started about 4 p. m. of the 28th to take the boat to Vicksburg for repairs and to gain all possible information in regard to the movements of the enemy in that direction. I also captured within the month, in addition to that above reported, one covered wagon used by the Confederates as a mail coach, which is still in my possession.

I. N. EARL,

First Lieutenant, Co. D, Fourth Wis. Cav., Commanding Special Scouts.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., October 31, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER U. S. FORCES,

Morganza, La.:

You will please to send one brigade of infantry to the mouth of White River to report for orders to Major-General Reynolds. Brigadier-General Shaler will command the same.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, October 31, 1864.

Major-General STEELE, Little Rock;

Your dispatch of the 19th was not received until this morning. Price's line of retreat will probably be determined by necessity and not

