
WARRENSBURG, MO., October 31, 1864 - 3 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

The following dispatch from General Sanborn gives the retreating progress of the raiders since my last:

A battle was fought by General Blunt at Newtonia on Friday p. m., in which the enemy gained the advantage over him at first. I came up with my command about half an hour after the battle opened, and the two commands drove the enemy in confusion from the field. Price burned fifty more wagons Friday night.

I have ordered General Sanborn to take all his force that are not exhausted and continue to move on the enemy's rear until he brings him within reach of General Steele's forces. The last dispatch was from General Curtis, yesterday, 1 a. m., from Neosho, from which you will see that Price is very nearly out of the State, Pleasonton reports that enemy has at least 20,000. Marmaduke thinks they have three guns left. They report six thousand recruits in Missouri. Quite a number of squads, from 75 to 100, are still passing the Osage, going south. The prisoners will be sent to prisons out of Missouri. Bill Anderson was killed on the 29th by Colonel Cox.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

(Copy to Major-General Canby, New Orleans.)

WASHINGTON, October 31, 1864 - 3 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

General Curtis telegraphs that your ordered the troops back from the pursuit of Price, directing General Mcneil to Rolla and General Sanborn to Springfield. The orders of General Grant and General Canby are that the pursuit must be continued to the Arkansas River, or until you meet the forces of Generals Steele or Reynolds. These orders must be obeyed.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WARRENSBURG, MO., October 31, 1864 - 6.30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch of 12.30 to-day received. General Smith's troops marched by what I consider the shortest and best route this a. m. They will reach the Missouri on Friday night at Glasgow, Arrow Rock, and Boonville. Rations and boats to ferry them across the river will meet them. From thence they will march to the Mississippi River, above Saint Charles, in two columns. I should send them down the Missouri River in boats, but from our experience in moving up, I am satisfied that they would not reach Saint Louis as soon by that route as by marching. The reasons is that the river is so low that troops have to disembark at every shoal and march around it, and thereby much straggling occurs, and the whole command gets broken to pieces and separated from their transportation and batteries. Boats will be in readiness to receive them on their arrival at the Mississippi River, with full supplies of commissary and quartermaster stores, and carry them to

