
Eastport. Paymaster will also be in readiness to pay them, if it can be possibly arranged, as most of the regiments have not been paid for several months. Your dispatch says that you repeat the orders. The commanding general can be assured that it is not necessary to repeat orders to me in order to have them obeyed. The preliminary order was given immediately on the receipt of your first orders, and the details arranged yesterday, and General Sherman advised thereof.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., October 31, 1864 - 9 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

In reply to your dispatch of 3 p. m. to-day, I send copy of dispatch sent General Curtis at 9.50 a. m. to-day, as follows.* Generals Sanborn and Mcneil determined the defeat of the enemy at Newtonia, and everything has been, and is being done to accomplish the objects arrived at by the orders of General Canby and General Grant. Under all these circumstances of the case, it is a matter of regret that General Curtis should have thought proper to telegraph you as he did. That Winslow's cavalry did not accompany them may be easily understood when it is stated that it has been marching after price fifty-two days, and their horses are worn out. General sanborn telegraphs to-night that one-half of the horses of the troops from Saint Louis have been abandoned by the way.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

KEOKUK, IOWA, October 31, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith extracts from the statement of John Wells, a rebel soldier, late of Elliott's battalion, Jeff. Thompson's brigade, Shelby's division, of Price's army. Wells was arrested near this [place] while making his way into Illinois. He was furloughed at Boonville to go to Randolph County, where he enlisted. This statement is sent because it may possibly tend to throw light on the circumstances of Major Wilson's death, inasmuch as it shows that Major Wilson was turned over to Price's headquarters guard unharmed. A description of Major Wilson's person was taken from the prisoner to enable you better to determined the creditability of his statements.

With great respect, sir your obedient servant,

T. C. H. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

Extract from statement of John Wells, of Elliott's battalion, Jeff. Thompson's brigade, Shelby's division, prisoner at Keokuk, Iowa, October 31, 1864.

* * * * * *

I first saw Major Wilson when we was taken prisoner and was under guard. I was under arrest and under guard at that time. I was a soldier in Company A, Captain Anderson Bolles, Elliott's battalion. I

---------------

* See Rosecrans to Curtis, October 30, beginning - "Your dispatch of 1 a. m. of this date received," p. 332.

---------------

