
was put under guard for being on a spree, noisy, and would not go on duty on the day we got to Pilot Knob before the fight commenced. The fight commenced in the morning, I think, and ended that evening. They retreated out of the place that night, I believe. I hear the magazine blow up. Next day, some time, Major Wilson was brought in, and he was put in, him and a captain - I don't know his name - with some more prisoners, I think about twenty-five or thirty; some were citizens and some were soldiers. The citizens were taken up to press into the army, I think. These prisoners were brought up when we were in a street in the town, passing through the town. Major Wilson was not wounded that I know of. The wounded had been left in hospital. Some time that evening on the march I spoke with Major Wilson, tramping along the big road together. Major Wilson was laughing about the looks of Price's men, ragged and on poor horses, and wondered if Price expected to stay in Missouri with such an army. I told him I had heard of a man deserted and came North he would be kept in prison during the war. He said it was not so; that they would let him take the oath and go about his business. I told him it they did not keep their eye on me mighty close I was going to Iowa or Illinois. The next night out abut Potosi all the prisoners, including Major Wilson, were turned over to headquarters guard at General Price's headquarters in a big field. i remember the place exactly; there was a big spring there. I don't think it was more than five or six miles from potosi. It was after we passed Potosi. I was returned to duty that night. That was the last I saw of Major Wilson. I never heard that he was badly treated or hurt afterward. Major Wilson had on a blue blouse with shoulder straps. I think he had blue pants with yellow cord, but am not certain about that; a black hat. He was a man about medium size, slender made. I don't remembered his eyes sure, but think they were black, or at least dark; upper lip shaved; goatee, or beard growing below chin and lower part of his cheek; his hair was dark; am not sure whether it was right black.

* * * * * *

Question. Repeat what you state when first examined in regard to an interview between Jeff. Thompson and Major Wilson.

On the road between Pilot Knob and Potosi Jeff. Thompson came up and shook hands with Major Wilson, laughing, and said that the tables were turned; that some time he (Major Wilson) had him (Jeff. Thompson) prisoner, and that now he (Jeff. Thompson) had him (Major Wilson). He told the commander of the escort to treat him well. Captain Bolles was in the advance of the escort. It was under the command if a Lieutenant-colonel Priste or Fisk [Fristoe] or some such name. At that time the major was afoot, and I think Jeff. Thompson ordered him a horse or mules to ride. He was on a mule or horse when he was turned over to headquarters.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, October 31, 1864.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff, Warrensburg:

Major Montgomery, after following Dorsey's band of 200 guerrillas to within ten miles of Herman, crossed his command to have horses shod. I ordered them back, and send up the balance of the battalion

