
remaining here. I think they will keep the middle and lower sections of the North Missouri Railroad clear. Dorsey's band is composed chiefly of new hands at the bushwhacking business. Colonel Holmes has returned with his command, except four companies of the Eighteenth Colored left at Sturgeon and Perruque bridge. The South Big River bridge will be complete by Friday. My posts are all re-established except Centerville, and the district is generally rather quieter than usual. I will aid this end of North Missouri all I can.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, October 31, 1864.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff, Warrensburg:

The guerrillas on the North Missouri road only interrupted a construction train and tore up a few rails. Major Montgomery followed them to nearly opposite Hermann, when they turned north. He reports them 200 to 400 strong. I instructed him to follow them if there is any prospect of catching them, and, if not, to come here, as his command is needed below.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 53. Saint Louis, Mo., October 31, 1864.

Numbers 46, of General Orders from these headquarters, current series, is revoked, and the sub-districts will remain as heretofore defined, to wit:

First Sub-District to include the counties of Saint Louis (expect Benton Barracks), Jefferson, and Franklin, and all that part of the counties of Gasconade, Osage, and Maries lying east of Gasconade River and north of the northern boundary of Washington County extended; headquarters at Saint Louis, Colonel J. H. Baker, Tenth Minnesota Volunteers commanding.

Second Sub-District to include the counties of Perry, Bollinger, Cape, Girardeau, Scott, Stoddard, Mississippi, New Madrid, Pemiscot, and Dunklin; headquarters at Cape Girardeau, Lieutenant Colonel H. M. Hiller, Second Cavalry Missouri State Militia, commanding.

Third Sub-District to include the counties of Sainte Genevieve, Saint Francois, Madison, Wayne, and Butler, and all the counties of Washington, Iron, Reynolds, Carter, and Ripley lying east of the Fifth principal meridian; headquarters at Pilot Knob, Lieutenant Colonel A. W. Maupin, Forty-seventh Missouri Volunteers, commanding.

Troops will operate without regard to lines of sub-district whenever in the opinion of the officers commanding them the occasion requires it.

By order of Brigadier General Thomas Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

