HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pleasant Hill, Mo., October 31, 1864.

In carrying out the within instructions the First Brigade, Colonel McMillen commanding, will constitute the first column, the Second Brigade, Colonel Hubbard commanding, will constitute the second column, and the Third Brigade, Colonel Hill commanding, third column. The headquarters of the division will move with the second column. The troops will at once draw three days' rations from Captain Leonard, beginning on the 1st. The troops will be in readiness to move at 10 a. m. to-day. The instructions given within will be strictly compiled with.

By order of Colonel J. J. Woods:

J. B. SAMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pleasant Hill, Mo., October 31, 1864 - 3 a. m.

Colonel J. J. WOODS,

Commanding First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that when your command leaves its present camp at Pleasant Hill it move in three columns, carrying three days; rations in haversacks and forty rounds of ammunition in their cartridge-boxes, and march as follows:

First day: The first column to Holden, with the batteries and wagons; second column on the north road from Pleasant Hill to Warrensburg to a camp on a small stream southwest of Columbus and about six miles from it; third column to Chapel Hill.

Second day: First column to camp between Warrensburg and Knobnoster, on the Blackwater; second column to Kirkpatrick's Mills; third column from Chapel Hill down Davis Creek, to camp near Atfee, near bridge.

Third day: First column to Muddy Creek, near Georgetown; second column to Blackwater where west road from Marshall to Georgetown crossed it; third column to Elmwood.

Fourth day: First column on Georgetown and Boonville road, to camp on a little stream four miles beyond Pleasant Green; second column down Blackwater to camp near Ridge Prairie; third column to Marshall.

Fifth day: First and Second columns to boonville; third column to Arrow Rock. Rations will be issued to the columns of this division from wagons sent from Knobnoster by way of Dunksburg. In this movement of columns a portion of the infantry will be deployed as skirmishers, sweeping all the timbered country. Brigade commanders will avail themselves of the services of citizens and militia whenever they can be found. Each brigade commander will keep a diary of his march. All troops must reach the Missouri River at the points indicated by friday, the 4th proximo. Commanding officers of columns will treat the inhabitants with justice and humanity, giving receipts for all forage taken. The intent of this movement is to thoroughly clean the country of bushwhackers, who are to be treated as outlaws. All Confederate soldiers, whether stragglers or not, clothed in our uniform will be treated in the same manner. Men pretending to be Price's conscripts will be arrested and sent to the provost-marshal-general at Saint

