
probably result in dismounting all our cavalry, making the march slow. More than 50 per cent. of the horses and horse equipments of all the Saint Louis regiments have already been abandoned-so say the commanders-and the loss in other commands is large. As there is no possibility of getting a general engagement out of Price with all our command up, I would respectfully suggest that I send my fresh troops, 1,200 or 1,500 men, after Price to demonstrate upon his rear and keep advised of his movements, and allow the other cavalry to rest. I will send a forage train along and some subsistence to Fayetteville. We get prisoners fast.

Respectfully,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, October 31, 1864-10 a. m.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Springfield:

The general commanding directs that you move at once with your command to Cassville and open communication with General Curtis.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., October 31, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Warrensburg:

Lieutenant-Colonel Brutsche has just returned from a scout in Lawrence County, where he attacked a company of General Price's scouts, under Jenkins, and a battalion under Hodge. The rebels exhibited their usual panic and ran from inferior numbers. The enemy's loss is 100 killed and 133 prisoners. Our loss is 4 wounded and 4 horses. General McNeil's command is here shoeing and getting supplies. The enemy is devoting all his energies to the single point of getting away without any more fighting, and I think must succeed. He destroyed no property, not even public. It required a march of ninety-two miles in thirty-six hours to force a battle the last time, and it will require more than that now. I have ordered all my serviceable cavalry and Boardman's battery to Cassville, and will move this column upon the enemy's trail at the earliest possible moment, although I do not anticipate striking the enemy. I shall move this column under command of Colonel Gravely, unless otherwise ordered by you. I am very decided in my judgment that the interests of the Government require that all the other cavalry should rest or be returned to Rolla by slow marches.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, MO., October 31, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Springfield, Mo.:

The commanding general directs that you send out militia to intercept and capture the straggling bands of guerrillas that will be trying to get into Arkansas. He desires to call your attention to the fact that guerrillas are outlaws, and rebel soldiers dressed in our uniforms are

