
receipt of this order, move with his command to Cassville, Mo., and there await further orders, either from the general commanding or from Colonel Gravely. He will take with him fifteen days' rations and 100 rounds of ammunition per man.

XIV. Major Fyan, commanding post of Springfield, Mo., will direct Captain Boardman's battery of light artillery, and all the cavalry at this post sufficiently well mounted and equipped for a field campaign, to report to Colonel J. J. Gravely, Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, properly officered, at 7 a. m. on Wednesday, the 2nd of November, with fifteen days' rations and 100 rounds of ammunition per man. He will at once notify commanding officers of regiments and detachments of this order, and direct them to report to him at once the number of officers and men of their respective commands who are able to report under this order. One copy of this report will be sent to these headquarters and one to Colonel Gravely.

XV. Major J. Hackett, commanding battalion Second Arkansas Cavalry, now at Mount Vernon, Mo., will, upon receipt of this order, move with his command to Cassville, Mo., and there await further orders, either from the general commanding or from Colonel Gravely.

By order of Brigadier General John B. Sanborn:

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., October 31, 1864.

Colonel MELCHER,

On Post Oak Road:

It is reported a gang of guerrillas with a number of led horses were at Rowletta this a. m., and will probably cross the railroad four miles east of Knobnoster about 12 m. to-day. The general commanding wishes you to intercept them.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

MEXICO, MO., October 31, 1864.

General EWING:

I learn that Dorsey and Wood are near Portland. Will likely cross the river near there. Can't hear from Colonel Krekel or from any other force that I supposed were following them from below. I have ordered Colonel Canfield, from Wellsville, to follow them with 200 men. Dorsey and Wood are recruiting as they go, and have by this time, I should think, 600 men.

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

WESTON, October 31, 1864.

Brigadier-General CRAIG:

Scouts in last night report a large force in the Brush Hills between Barry and Parkville. Shall march in that direction. I shall have to keep the horses I pressed. With your consent I will do so.

H. HILLIARD,

Major, Commanding.

23 R R-VOL XLI, PT IV

