
FORT SCOTT, KANS., October 31, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

General Curtis' command was at Neosho yesterday. Your troops had left for their former stations. General Curtis had just received the dispatch of Lieutenant-General Grant, ordering the pursuit continued to the Arkansas, and had sent orders to McNeil, Sanborn, Philips, and Benteen to meet him at Cassville, to which point he was pushing. I would respectfully suggest that subsistence and forage be sent to Cassville for the command, as they are destitute of both. I am sending all I can get transportation for, but it is but little, as our trains are scattered all over the two departments. I received a letter from General Curtis this morning, dated at Neosho yesterday at 1 a. m.

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 31, 1864.

CARNEY,

Governor of Kansas:

I have sent scouts down along the river and will let you know at the earliest moment of the enemy. I think they will calculate, from the absence of the troops, to pay us a visit. I would notify all the cavalry of the reports, that they may be in readiness at their homes to march at a moment's notice.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 31, 1864.

Governor CARNEY,

Leavenworth City:

I have just received information that a large [body] of rebs are to cross the river into Kansas below Parkville to-day or to-night. I have no means of knowing the number; would advise that cavalry in Leavenworth be held in readiness if the account proves true. Please report your number.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LEAVENWORTH CITY, October 31, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS A. DAVIES:

We have in the city about 150 cavalry. They will be held in readiness. We have in the country about 750 more. It will take at least six hours to get them together after being notified.

THOMAS CARNEY.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH KANSAS, Numbers 17. Fort Leavenworth, October 31, 1864.

By direction of the major-general commanding Department of North Kansas, I hereby assume command of the District of South Kansas in the temporary absence of Major-General Blunt. Commanding officers

