
FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 31, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Kansas City:

Major Hilliard, of Weston, reports a large force of rebels about to cross the river at or below Parkville. Have you heard anything of them? Second a good scout over to find out something and keep us advised.

JOHN WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KANSAS CITY, October 31, 1864.

Captain WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Can learn nothing here of any force attempting to cross the river about there. Do not credit the report. Have no cavalry with which to make a reconnaissance. Will keep you advised to the best of my ability.

K. COATES,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., October 31, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth:

I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding that I left here on Thursday at 5 p. m. and reached Salina on Friday at 2 p. m., and found the Kaw Indians there as reported by Lieutenant Van Antwerp, and from them learned that a party of thirty Kaws were attacked by a force of Cheyennes and Arapahoes while hunting on the Saline, fifty miles from Salina, and that the Kaws had 2 men killed and 15 ponies captured, and they estimated the attacking party at from fifty to seventy-five, and state that a larger party is at the Big Timber, in the Saline, seventy miles from Salina. As the information was so uncertain I directed Captain Conkey to start in that direction from Fort Zarah, as the Big Timber is only forty miles north of that post, and ascertain in regard to the truth of that report before sending any larger force after them. I am satisfied that no danger need be felt in regard to their advancing on the settlements, and have quieted the fears of the citizens by investigating the matter myself, and they are the more readily satisfied now that the militia are allowed to return. While the militia were in rendezvous the whole border was nervous and ready for a scare, but it has passed without serious excitement and will probably remain quiet for some time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. HENNING,

Major, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., October 31, 1864.

Brigadier General MARCELLUS M. CROCKER,

Commanding at Fort Sumner, N. Mex.:

GENERAL: The cold weather admonishes me to write to you about what it appears to me would be the best plan to construct habitations

