
PILOT KNOB, MO., October 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

The forces from Cape Girardeau have reported. I can't learn anything more of Price's organization or strength.

H. H. WILLIAMS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., October 17, 1864.

Major H. H. WILLIAMS,

Pilot Knob:

Detail some intelligent officer to pursue the inquiry as to the aggregate of Price's command. Surely it can be found what brigades compose each division, and what regiments each brigade; also how much artillery is attached to each division, and the character of the pieces. It cannot be possible that among so many prisoners no more information can be got. If you have special reasons for coming up, advise me, and I will order you. I do not know who to put in your place. No news from Price's army beyond the fact that its advance has reached Independence. General Curtis thinks he can hold the border. I have applied to send or take the Tenth Kansas and Eighteenth Colored up,and if they go you shall go with them. Do you want to go anyhow?

THOS. EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

LAWSON'S, MO., October 17, 1864.

General EWING:

When the locomotive now up the road for a lot of timber returns it will run over two new bridges. The next bridges is thirty-two feet above the water, 120 feet span. Will try to get it up by Wednesday evening and have the next one south completed in the same time. I shall then move forward to the South Big River, where the heaviest work is. They will still leave one brigade on this side of Mineral Point. The latter, however, ought not to occupy more than two days and a half and not interfere with the work at Big River.

MADISON MILLER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., October 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General MILLER,

De Soto:

I am told the soldiers at Potosi stampeded Friday worse than the inhabitants did, and instead of being a help and a support were an injury to the inhabitants through their cowardice. Ascertain and report to me if this is so, and what you propose to do about it.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

