
raids. No fears are entertained of any regular attack upon any portion of the La Fourche line, but it is important to wholly prevent the enemy from indulging in the only think they appear to be now capable of doing. They are intent upon getting possession of all the horses, mules, &amp;c., in the hands of loyal citizens, and that country is so difficult and routes of travel so uncertain that they occasionally succeed in their purposes, and get away without molestation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 269. Little Rock, November 1, 1864.

* * *

V. The Twenty-ninth Iowa Infantry Volunteers is hereby transferred to the Second Brigade, Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, and will proceed to Pine Bluff without delay, and report for duty to the commanding officer of that post, taking with them their regimental property, transportation, and the necessary amount of subsistence for the march.

VI. Upon the arrival of the Twenty-ninth Iowa Infantry at Pine Bluff, the Twenty-eighth Wisconsin Infantry Volunteers will be relieved from duty at that post and will proceed to Little Rock, and report for duty to the commanding officer First Division, Seventh Army Corps.

* * *

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Mouth of White River, Ark., November 1, 1864-12 m.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Department of Arkansas;

GENERAL: Colonel Crebs has just returned from a mounted reconnaissance of several days' duration in vicinity of Gaines' Landing, Columbia, Cypress Bend, &c. The information forwarded to you a few days since from Colonel Crebs is not changed by his subsequent scouts. His opinion is that no crossing the Mississippi in force is being attempted by the rebels, and that if they are moving at all it is to threaten or attack the line of the Arkansas. I send you the latest telegrams from Missouri, which are highly gratifying.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., November 1, 1864-7 a. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Little Rock:

The scout I sent below Clarendon returned last night. No gathering of guerrillas was found at Strickland's as expected. The scout returned, fording Cache River, and captured 1 guerrilla, 2 horses, and a

25 R R-VOL XLI, PT IV

