
copy of telegram from Brigadier General S. Meredith, commanding District of Columbus, and copy of a telegram* from the President. The rebel forces have now been lying east of Memphis, from Corinth and Jackson to Eastport, for some time and have had (unavoidably) abundant leisure to mature their plans and strike the weak point on the river at will. They have been repairing railroad and telegraphic communication via Corinth to Jackson, Tenn., and now endanger our river, rail, and telegraph routes on the Ohio and Mississippi. Their late attack on the Belle Saint Louis indicates their intention to give trouble on the upper Mississippi. Brigadier General M. L. Smith reports a session of Rogers' legislature sitting at Jackson, Tenn., also that he was (on 26th ultimo) sending back to mouth of White River the other brigade from there by every boat. I also inclose copy of Colonel E. D. Osband's (Third U. S. Colored Cavalry) report + of his last expedition, leaving Vicksburg on October 24 and returning October 31. The cotton seized has been ordered to be turned over to F. C. Callicott, esq., assistant special agent Treasury Department, Vicksburg, and the other property to the proper staff department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully transmitted for General Hurlbut's perusal.

Be pleased to return them.

C. T. C.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

An active column of 5,000 infantry and the cavalry now at Memphis should be put in motion for Jackson, Tenn., as soon as practicable.

S. A. H.

[Inclosure.]

MEMPHIS, October 29, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. H. HARRIS,

A. A. G., Sixteenth Army Corps, Dept. of the Tennessee:

Inclosed please find letter from General Meredith at Paducah. I am reliably informed, just at this moment, that a bridge is being built across the Hatchie between this place and Jackson. I do not consider that it indicates an immediate attack on Memphis, but it looks threatening, and is perhaps intended to cover up some other movement.

Your obedient servant,

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

[Sub-inclosure.]

PADUCAH, KY., October 23, 1864.

Major W. H. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Memphis, Tenn.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the arrival of Colonel Guppey and a force of 1,200 men. I would respectfully state that as my district is in danger of being attacked at almost any time, I would ask that these

---------------

*See Vol. XXXIX, Part III, p. 407.

+See October 31, Vol. XXXIX, Part I, p. 878.

---------------

