
WARRENSBURG, November 1, 1864.

Brigadier General MORGAN L. SMITH,

Memphis, Tenn.:

Your telegram of November 1 [?], inclosing telegram of Major General O. O. Howard, received. Major-General Smith's command will join General Thomas' command as rapidly as possible. Winslow's cavalry will go to Memphis. They are now in the southwest portion of this State. Horses broken down by a fifty-five days' march, and a victory which repays us for the broken-down condition of his stock. He himself is wounded so as to be unfit for field service. If you have good fortifications, as I think you have, you can resist Forrest and even 20,000 men. I can't help you. All I have is ordered to Sherman by another route than Memphis, except Winslow's, and I will push him forward to you. As for Hatch or Grierson getting to Summerville, I doubt the possibility.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, November 1, 1864-11.30 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

General Rosecrans was directed some days ago to send you A. J. Smith's division. He is also directed to send you all available troops in Saint Louis and vicinity. General Grant has sent his chief of staff, General Rawlins, to Saint Louis to hurry forward these re-enforcements. Should you want them to land at Clifton, Savannah, or Nashville, instead of Eastport, please so direct. The four Michigan regiments had all gotten off by the 24th ultimo, and the two from Ohio left the 24th and 27th. There is another regiment in Ohio which will be gotten of as soon as completed. The two regiments from the Northwest are en route, but as they had a long march before reaching railroad or steam-boat transportation, we may not hear of them for some days. I think you should concentrate all you can against Hood, replacing the garrisons in your rear by new troops as they arrive.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[NOVEMBER 1, 1864.-For Thomas to Halleck, in answer to next, ante, see Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p. 582.]

WARRENSBURG, MO., November 1, 1864-10.50 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch of 24th October, as to Major-General Canby leaving New Orleans, &amp;c., has just reached me.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

