
WASHINGTON, November 1, 1864-11.30 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

(Via Saint Louis, Mo.)

Dispatch just received from General Thomas render it imperative that re-enforcements be sent to him with all possible dispatch. A. J. Smith should move by forced marches; his men can rest on the steamers. There should be no delay for payments, as Hood is crossing the Tennessee. Thomas may want the re-enforcements landed at Savannah or Clifton, or sent directed to Nashville. Consult him by telegraph when the troops reach Saint Louis. General Grant direct that all available troops in Saint Louis and vicinity be sent immediately to General Thomas.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WARRENSBURG MO., November 1, 1864-5 p. m.

(Received 12 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Dispatch of 11.30 a. m. received. General Smith's command is marching as rapidly as possible toward the Missouri River. If they are to take their batteries, ammunition, and regimental trains they can reach the Mississippi more rapidly by marching than by the river, which is so low that the lightest draught boats can only run in the daytime, and, when loaded, stick so frequently on the shoals that it took seven days for Mower's troops to move from Saint Louis to Jefferson City, as stated in a former dispatch. Arrangements have been made to meet the division with rations at the Missouri River, and for transports, with supplies, to meet them at with rations at the Missouri River, and for transports, with supplies, to meet them at the Mississippi. These arrangements will, in my judgement, carry the command to General Thomas in a fighting condition sooner than any other. If, however, the General-in-Chief thinks best to have them sent without artillery, ammunition, and regimental trains, or in dribbles, they could be forwarded, possibly, five days sooner. He must decide at once in order to carry this out. There are no available troops at Saint Louis.

W. T. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., November 1, 1864.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff, Warrensburg, Mo.:

Captain Eno, has shown me the dispatch of Major-General Halleck to the major-general commanding of this date. To prepare for probable orders under it, I will get together in Saint Louis by day after to-morrow morning, ready for shipment, the Eighteenth Colored, which is a full regiment, and also a detachment of the Sixty-first Illinois, 250 strong. Can also send, if required, the Tenth Kansas, 300 strong Company A, Second Missouri Light Artillery, is here; Company I is at Hermann.

THOMAS EWING, Jr.,

Brigadier-General.

