
CAPE GIRARDEAU, November 1, 1864.

General EWING:

I have just received the following dispatch from Captain Edwards, commanding at New Madrid:

Information of a reliable character is just received that the notorious guerrilla, Budge Powell, was killed yesterday at 9 o'clock by an organized force of citizens of Pemiscot County. On Friday last the same party killed the guerrilla Captain Swain. The commander of the squad who did the work is here and confirms the statement. He says the citizens have determined to rid their county of all bad citizens. Captain Polk Conyers also reported dead. He died from the effects of wound received in skirmish with my men, some six weeks ago.

H. M. HILLER.

WARRENSBURG, MO., [November 1, 1864.]

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Union Hotel:

Although it is believed every effort has been made to get your divisions quickly to Saint Louis, yet the general commanding thinks that a telegram to Lexington directing each brigade commander to hasten his movements may do some good. Please give any instructions that may accomplish this object.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., November 1, 1864.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Right Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the commanding general to inform you that the letter of instructions as to the movement of your command is so far modified as to direct that the entire First Division cross at La Mine bridge and proceed to Saint Louis on the south side of the Missouri River.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., November 1, 1864.

Colonel MOORE,

Commanding Post, Warrensburg, Mo.:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs that your order Major Garth, Ninth Missouri State Militia, with his own command and such stragglers of the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry Volunteers as he can collect, to scout the country from here to Jefferson City, Mo., and report at the latter place to escort the Rolla train of 100 wagons back to Rolla. There are ten of these wagons at Sedalia.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

