HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Warrensburg, Mo., November 1, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN McARTHUR,

Commanding First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires me to say that your command will move as rapidly as possible from Sedalia to Saint Louis by the nearest practicable route via Jefferson City. The wagons in charge of Colonel McMillen's brigade, known as the Rolla train, will be left at Jefferson City with orders to proceed from thence to Rolla. All other wagons belonging to either the First or Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, will be taken through by you to Saint Louis. The Third Brigade of your division has been ordered to proceed to Sedalia, which place it will probably reach on the night of the 3rd instant. Should you leave with the other two brigades before it arrives you will cause sufficient wagons to be left behind from your train to take such rations as that brigade may need in going from Jefferson City to Saint Louis, over the amount they carry in their haversacks, and also leave orders for them to follow you. Have the pay-rolls of your command to October 31 sent to Saint Louis to Major Febiger in advance of your command if possible. You can send an officer forward in charge of them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., November 1, 1864.

Major General PLEASONTON,

Commanding:

The general directs me to say that the posts to be guarded by you are Pleasant Hill (to protect Government property there), Warrensburg (to collect stragglers, &amp;c.), Sedalia, and La Mine bridge. As soon as you come, guard La Mine bridge, form your command, relieve the artillery there to go to Jefferson City and the Enrolled Missouri Militia to be relieved from active service. The Ninth Missouri State Militia is to go to Rolla.

J. V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., November 1, 1864.

Colonel DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff, Warrensburg, Mo.:

The removal of General Fisk from the La Mine bridge has left a six-gun battery there with a support of sixty-eight of the Enrolled Missouri Militia. I would suggest that the battery be ordered to this post or a support sent to it. I have no troops to send from this post.

A. R. CONKLIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

