
proceed with his company to Buffalo, Mo., and assume command of that post until further orders. He will take with him his camp and garrison equipage, fifteen days' rations and 100 rounds of ammunition per man.

VI. Captain Hubbard, commanding Company B, Forty-sixth Regiment Missouri Infantry Volunteers, will upon receipt of this order, proceed with his command to Lebanon, Mo., and report for duty to major commanding at that post. He will take with him his camp and garrison equipage, fifteen days' rations, and 100 rounds of ammunition per man.

* * *

By order of Brigadier General John B. Sanborn:

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR PEA RIDGE, ARK.,

November 1, 1864.

Major MELTON, Second Arkansas Cavalry:

I need troops well acquainted with the country, and desire that you will come or send an officer, with most of your troops, to assist in pushing Price's troops beyond the Arkansas River. While we are in the front it seems to me fifty men could take charge of Cassville. I am carrying out orders from Lieutenant-General Grant.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., November 1, 1864-6 p. m.

Major COSGROVE, Commanding Lebanon:

A body of rebels, 400 strong, is reported to have passed Buffalo to-day a few miles east of that town, moving south, and to have ben on the Niangua at noon to-day. Move out, and, if possible, attack them at daylight to-morrow, and punish them to the utmost extent.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LEBANON, November 1, 1864-11.55 p. m.

Captain FRANK ENO, Assistant Adjutant-General:

A rebel force of between 400 and 500 is aiming to cross the Springfield road to-morrow morning fifteen miles west of here. I am going out with all the available force I have at 3 o'clock 2nd instant. The line was cut this afternoon by the advance guard. They have got a train of forty wagons. I can only raise 130 men. Have sent a dispatch to General Sanborn.

JOHN COSGROVE,

Major Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding Post.

JAMES T. BEACH,

Grand Secretary, Grand Council,

Union League of American, State of Missouri:

Whereas the loyal men of Missouri have for a long time been oppressed by the enemies of our Government in the shape of guerrillas

