
MEXICO, November 1, 1864-10.40 a. m.

Captain FRANK ENO, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Dorsey was twelve miles southeast of here at 12 o'clock yesterday with from 400 to 600 men, going west. Will likely cross the Missouri River in Boone or Howard. What has become of the cavalry sent out to follow him? Please answer.

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

IN THE FIELD,

Camp near Pea Ridge, Ark., November 1, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff;

Price retreats rapidly, but I am gaining on him again. One brigade of General Rosecrans' command has come up; General McNeil's ought to reach me to-night. Price reports Cooper and Stand Watie investing Fort Smith, and expect to assist in the capture of that post.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

KANSAS CITY, November 1, 1864.

Captain WILLANS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I sent a scout back of Parkville last night. They report no force and no information of any in that vicinity.

K. COATES,

Colonel, Commanding.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, STATE OF IOWA,

Des Moines, November 1, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 19th ultimo relative to alleged dangers on the southern border of this State, and inclosing copy of one from Mayor J. M. Hiatt, of Keokuk, on the same subject. The probability of formidable raids into this State by Missouri bushwhackers was quite imminent some weeks ago; in fact, a gang of mounted men crossed over into davis County, murdered three of our citizens, and committed other depredations of various kinds. They did not advance far into the State, however, and soon returned to Missouri. Since then we have not been molested, and I am inclined to the opinion that with the expulsion of Price from that State, and the vigorous measures which have been adopted by Generals Rosecrans and Curtis, that but little danger need be apprehended from that quarter at present; yet I cannot say that the people living along that exposed line are at any time entirely safe while the war continues. But they are very well supplied with arms, and I am endeavoring as rapidly as possible to complete the organization of the militia, so as to place them in a reasonable position of defense against these irregular visitations from Missouri. Accept my thanks, general, for the interest you manifest in the safety of this State and your willingness to aid in the protection of four borders, and be assured that if circumstances require your assistance I shall promptly advise you of it.

I am, general, very truly, yours,

W. M. STONE.

