HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,In the Field, Camp near Pea Ridge, Ark., November 2, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Understanding that you have ordered most of our prisoners to Saint Louis, I send you those taken since. I have waited the return of some more of your troops for the pursuit of Price, but will proceed cautiously with what I have, hoping to deter the enemy from besieging and taking the posts in Western Arkansas and to rid the country of Price's desperate hordes.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

HERMAN, MO., November 2, 1864-12.15 p.m.

Captain FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I will arrive at Saint Louis, on Pacific Railroad, at 4.30 p.m. to-day, in charge of Generals Marmaduke, Cabell, and five other rebel officers, en route for Johnson's Island. There is a great deal of excitement, and prisoners have been insulted several times. Please have two ambulances at Fourteenth-street depot, Pacific Railroad, on the arrival of the train at Saint Louis; also a small guard to protect them. They are traveling on their parole. Also please have some arrangements to quarter and subsist them, as it will be necessary to lay over day in Saint Louis. I wish to get off the train at the Fourteenth-street depot, to avoid the crowd of the others.

Very respectfully,

N. COLE,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery, in Charge of Prisoners.

MINERAL POINT, November 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

I found no instructions or orders at De Soto and at this place. My men were promised furloughs for three days by General Miller, and they want it; but the other troops cannot be relieved from the bridge at present if the promise is carried out. I have eighteen bridges to guard, and you had better assign those volunteers from the Fist and Eighty-fifth Enrolled Missouri Militia to duty in my command immediately, or I shall be unable to do the work. Colonels Fenn and Smith, of the First and Eighty-fifth, are here yet, but getting ready to leave. Please answer immediately.

E. STAFFORD,

Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, November 2, 1864.

Colonel STAFFORD,

Mineral Point:

I have had no understanding as to three days' furlough of your regiment. I cannot order the other regiments, or any part of the, to be retained unless it is very important. You will have to get along as best

26 R R-VOL XLI, PT IV

