
you can with your regiment, guarding most important points, and leaving less important points unguarded. You will give the men three days' furlough, a few at a time. Very light bridge guards will do at the bridges. Report to Colonel Maupin, at Pilot Knob, your effective strength and the disposition you make of your command in his sub-district. I want all your command distributed in First Sub-District. You will make your headquarters along the line where you please. Answer.
THOMAS EWING, Jr.,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, No. 56. Sedalia, Mo., November 2, 1864.

In compliance with Special Orders, No. 219, paragraph VIII, headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee, dated Eastport, Ga., September 27, 1864, the undersigned hereby assume command of the First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps. Captain W. H. F. Randall, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, is hereby announced as adjutant-general of the division. All communications on official business will be addressed to him. The following officers are announced as belonging to the personal staff of the general assuming command, and will be respected accordingly: Captain Duncan MacLean, aide-de-camp; Captain J. W. Gregg, aide-de-camp.

In assuming command of the division, the undersigned earnestly desires that it will maintain its already well-earned reputation acquired under its former able and gallant commander, Major General Joseph A. Mower, and to that end he expects the hearty co-operation of officers and men, with which he hopes to add new laurels to its banners.

J. McARTHUR,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, No. 143. Sedalia, Mo., November 2, 1864.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

3. The First and Second Brigades will march toward Jefferson City to-morrow morning at 6.30 o'clock, the First Brigade in the advance and the ammunition train between the brigades. The troops will be supplied with three days' rations-two days' rations in haversacks and one day's in wagons.

By command of Brigadier General J. McArthur:

W. H. F. RANDALL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, No. 92. Waverly, Mo., November 2, 1864.

Captain William B. Dugger, Company A, One hundred and twenty-second Illinois Infantry Volunteers, is hereby detailed as provost-marshal of the Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, and will at once enter upon his duties as such.

By order of Colonel D. Moore:

JAMES B. COMSTOCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

