
[NOVEMBER 2, 1864.]

Colonel JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

I have issued the following order:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, No. 233. Jefferson City, November 2, 1864.

All officers of the district staff now on duty at Jefferson City, Mo., will report in person without delay at the headquarters of the district at Warrensburg, Mo. Captain T. S. Case, district quartermaster, will furnish the necessary transportation for all officers, attaches, and property pertaining to district headquarters, hence to Warrensburg.

By order of Colonel John F. Philips, commanding:

I will be at Warrensburg to-morrow, 3rd instant.

J. H. STEGER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS POST, No. 1. Jefferson City, November 2, 1864.

In pursuance of Special Field Orders, No. 3, dated Warrensburg, Mo., October 29, 1864, I hereby assume command of the post of Jefferson City, Mo. All officers at this post will conduct themselves accordingly.

S. H. MELCHER,

Lieutenant Colonel Sixth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding Post.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., November 2, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Deserters from Price's army, who left the day after the battle of Newtonia, have arrived and report that Price moved on the road to Pineville. The indications are that he has moved west through the Indian Nation and will go direct to Texas and to a point remote from all our posts and forces. If he has made this movement, the further pursuit will be very destructive to our cavalry, with no advantageous result. My troops are concentrating at Cassville to-day. Home guard brought in 50 prisoners yesterday and report that they had killed 60 rebels in the fight. A body of 500 rebels were going through Dallas and Laclede Counties last night. I have sent for them. A great many prisoners represent themselves as conscripts and desire to enlist in the Forty-sixth.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JEFFERSON CITY, November 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

General Curtis has no authority to order you in the name of General Grant. Move in compliance with the orders you have received to pursue the enemy until you are satisfied he is within the grasp of General Steele's troops on the Arkansas; and if they need your help join them. The object of the pursuit is not to wear out our horses uselessly, nor on

