
the other hand to spare them when any damage to the enemy can be effected. I trusted General Steele's cavalry would have been nearer to join the troops from Fort Smith and destroy them. If they are, or if your prisoners report properly that Price has avoided them by going toward the Indian Nation beyond their reach, you are not to break down your command by going an unavailing journey far behind the enemy. General McNeil will take orders from you and move with his command. You must be responsible that everything practicable is done to damage the enemy.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., November 2, 1864.

Major FRANK S. BOND,

Aide-de-Camp, Warrensburg, Mo.:

MAJOR: The Second and Third Brigade were with General Curtis, at Newtonia, when I saw him last; the Second is here; the Third, my own, is broken up, and I have organized a new force for the field. General McNeil is to move south in the morning. The Fourth Brigade, Lieutenant-Colonel Benteen, was at Carthage, and I am informed, unofficially, that it is with Curtis in the vicinity of Fayetteville. General McNeil's brigade will be much reduced here.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., November 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Springfield, Mo.:

Lieutenant-Colonel Benteen has been ordered to report to you with his brigade for duty. You will have him with you in the pursuit until his services can be dispensed with, when you will order him by easy marches to Saint Louis.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

SPRINGFIELD, November 2, 1864.

Colonel J. DARR, Jr.,

Acting Provost-Marshal-General:

I arrived here yesterday from Mount Vernon. Have no reliable information relative to Price and his movements. Prisoners report that they left him after the Newtonia fight going in the direction of Pineville.

J. D. BRUTSCHE,

Provost-Marshal.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Numbers 292. Springfield, Mo., November 2, 1864.

I. Captain Robert L. Butts, commanding Company D, Sixth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, will, upon receipt of this order, proceed with his command to Marshfield, and assume command of that

