
Captain Stotts, with his twenty-five men, has brought in 36 prisoners and is very active. The rebels are still passing in small squads from 150 down to 10. The message was sent through to Newtonia last night in haste.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN D. ALLEN,

Colonel, Commanding Seventh Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.

IN THE FIELD,

Camp near Pea Ridge, November 2, 1864.

Captain INSLEY:

I am now satisfied none of the Missouri troops will come up in time to join my pursuit of Price, and I shall leave train and push forward with all speed and caution with the forces of Blunt and Colonel Benteen's forces to try to scare the rebels away from Fort Smith and save our comrades there. You will see, therefore, that you have sent plenty of supplies this way, and I will try to get them through to Fort Smith. But other trains better wait the result of my efforts to clear the way, and after that we will send by the old, better route down the Neosho. We are taking prisoners daily from Price's army, generally trying to get back to their homes and claiming to have been conscripts. It was a great misfortune that the Missouri troops were withdrawn from Price's pursuit. It has so detained and weakened my forces I cannot accomplish my hopes or much for our cause.

In haste, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS.] HDQRS. ARMY OF THE BORDER,

Near Pea Ridge, Ark., November 2, 1864.

Our provisions trains having arrived, each command must be ready to move early to-morrow morning. Ambulances and light wagons that can travel as fast as cavalry trot may, at the discretion of commanders, accompany the forward movement, but the heavy train will move in rear in charge of Major Ketner, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, as before arranged. The cavalry will move in half an hour after daylight to-morrow morning with five days' cooked rations, General Blunt's division in advance. Commanders will see that their commands keep together, well closed up, and always well in hand. Straggling and loitering is strictly prohibited, and commanding officers will see that these orders are properly published and obeyed. Information of exact location of troops must be given at every halt, especially in the night, and officers and men must be ready and exact in performance of orders. When cattle are found near the road they should be driven forward, especially near night-fall, and when we halt they should be immediately butchered. Rations and forage may be much needed and everybody must be saving of his supplies during the next five days.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

T. I. McKENNY,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

