
on the part of these half-breeds to use all the influence they possess to incite the Indians along the border to hostilities against the Government and people of the United States.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Ridgely, Minn., November 2, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Minnesota:

CAPTAIN: I have just received your communication of the 28th ultimo, and shall closely investigate the reported neglect of duty on the part of the half-breed scouts, although from the report of Lieutenant McGrade is seems that the information communicated to the commanding general cannot be correct. In addition to Company H, Second Cavalry, which is now comfortably quartered, Company M is reported with one day's march, and Captain Hanley has already arrived. From the inclosure you will see that we are prepared for Brackett's battalion as far as forage is concerned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

JACKSON, MINN., October 31, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM PFAENDER:

DEAR SIR: I arrived at this post this morning. I saw Mr. Thomas, as you requested, and says I can get corn-from 50 to 500 bushels-at the rate of $1 per bushel, and hay at $6 per ton. The hay is of good quality. I also sent Scout Stevens, as you requested, to meet Brackett's battalion. Captain Bonham is at Chanyuska and will be here to-morrow.

I am, your obedient servant,

H. F. PHILLIPS,

Lieutenant.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WADSWORTH, DAK. TERR.,November 2, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Paul, Minn.:

CAPTAIN: Red Feather, with twelve lodges, left for Renville's camp, on the James River, this morning. He expresses himself as being very desirous for all his nation to come in and surrender themselves and be friends with the whites. He avows his determination to do all in his power to make peace between the whites and the Indians and to render any aid in his power toward punishing bad Indians. Told him we wished proof by acts. He said he would give it. Would notify of the approach of all hostile Indians, and would drive off and kill all he could. Says that he has been over two months traveling to get here. He left

