
them useful in the way of picketing and patrolling the country; also for them not to permit any of these horse-thieves and hostile Indians to stay in their camps, which I find is frequently the case on the Missouri River. Have heard of hostile Indians going into camp near the forts, finding out what they could, then stealing horses, &amp;c., and making off. My directions are not to permit any of them about, and I don't want any of them brought in here even for surgical attendance.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. ROSE,

Major, Commanding Post.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, November 22, 1864.

Respectfully transmitted for the information of Major-General Halleck. The Indians referred to in this communication belong to the Yanktonais breed of Sioux who combined with the Tetons to fight General Sully last summer. The hostile Indians are coming in to many of the posts in the department to make peace. I have little doubt of a satisfactory peace with all the Indians this winter.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, November 3, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: The Secretary of State has transmitted to this Department, with the request that it be forwarded to you, the inclosed copy of instructions to Major-General Banks of the 23rd of November last, relative to public affairs on the Mexican frontier which, as you advised him, cannot be found on the files of the Department of the Gulf. In compliance with his request, the copy is herewith inclosed to you.

Your obedient, servant,

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, November 23, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding the Department of the Gulf, Brownsville, Tex.:

GENERAL: I have received and have submitted to the President your three dispatches of the 6th, 7th, and 9th instant respectively. I have great pleasure in congratulating you upon your successful landing and occupation upon the Rio Grande, which is all the more gratifying because it was effected at a moment of apparently critical interest to the national cause. You have already found that the confusion resulting from civil strife and foreign war in Mexico offers seductions for military enterprise. I have therefore to inform you of the exact condition of our relations toward the Republic at the present time. We are on terms of amity and friendship and maintaining diplomatic relations with the Republic

