
of Mexico. We regard that country as the theater of a foreign war mingled with civil strife. In this conflict we take no part, and, on the contrary, we practice absolute non-intervention and non-interference. In command of the frontier it will devolve on you as far as practicable, consistently with your other functions, to prevent aid or supplies being given from the United States to either belligerent. You will defend the United States in Texas against any enemies you may encounter there, whether domestic or foreign. Nevertheless you will not enter any part of Mexico, unless it be temporarily, and then clearly necessary for the protection of your own lines against aggression from the Mexican border. You can assume no authority in Mexico to protect citizens of the United States there, much less to redress their wrongs or injuries committed against the United States or their citizens, whether those wrongs or injuries were committed on one side of the border or the other. If consuls find their position unsafe on the Mexican side of the border, let them leave the country rather than invoke the protection of your forces. These directions result from a fixed determination of the President to avoid any departure from lawful neutrality and any unnecessary and unlawful enlargement of the present field of war. But at the same time you will be expected to observe military and political events as they occur in Mexico, and to communicate all that shall be important for this Government to understand concerning them. It is hardly necessary to say that any suggestions you may think proper to give for the guidance of the Government in its relations toward Mexico will be considered with that profound respect which is always paid to the opinions which you express. In making this communication, I have endeavored to avoid entering into the sphere of your military operations and to confine myself simply to that in which you are in contact with the political movements now going on in Mexico.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICER OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., November 3, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi:

SIR: I have the honor to submit to your consideration a statement of the information received at this office this 3rd day of November, 1864, from the following sources, a report from Lieutenant Franklin Swap, Jefferson City, Mo., October 18; a report from Captain John R. Kelso, Springfield, Mo., October 3:

On the 25th [27th] of September Price attacked Pilot Knob and was repulsed with heavy loss. October 1, he attacked and burned a part of Franklin on the Pacific Railroad; burned Hermann on the 3rd instant; Cole's Creek bridge on the 4th; Osage brigade on the 5th; Gasconade bridge and thirty cars and two locomotives on the 6th; attacked Jefferson City on the 7th; burned Gray's Creek bridge, eight miles west of Jefferson City, on the Pacific Railroad, on the night of the 7th; burned the La Mine bridge on the 9th; took Boonville on the 10th, and Sedalia on the 15th. Price's army at the time he entered Missouri is estimated at 10,000 armed men and some conscripts who were unarmed. His entire force in the attack on Jefferson City was about 10,000 effective men and sixteen pieces of artillery, four of them being 12-pounders. He has

