HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La., November 3, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Donaldsonville:

The general commanding directs that you keep a vigilant eye on the Grossetete country and its approaches. You will send scouting parties from time to time as far as the Park for the purpose of reconnoitering the country, keeping it clear of guerrillas and jayhawkers, and watching any movement of the enemy. You will cause reports of all scouting parties and expeditions to be promptly forwarded to these headquarters and keep the general commanding posted in all matters of interest or importance coming under your notice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, November 3, 1864.

Major General F. J. HERRON:

Steamer Ella brings Northern dates of the 25th ultimo. Marmaduke and Cabell are reported captured, with 2,000 men, 10 pieces of artillery, and 400 wagons. Our loss slight. Negroes in from Arkadelphia report Colonel Dockery there with 6,000 and six pieces of artillery, fortifying. They say Camden is evacuated and that the rebels have received the news of Price's defeat and the scattering of his forces. Geiger is ordered to Lewisburg with all the available cavalry and a battery. He will receive further orders according to the nature of our information from Price. An infantry force will be put in marching order immediately. Transportation is scarce, none having arrived from above yet. Ritter was sent out with about 500 cavalry yesterday after Logan, who was collecting corn this side of the Saline, with a force reported at 700 or 800. I feel some apprehension about the supply train, but Thayer must have rations if it be possible to get them through. What is your opinion about it?

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,OFFICE DIVISION PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Little Rock, Ark., November 3, 1864.

Captain A. BLOCKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following information obtained from two colored men: They left Arkadelphia October 26. They report a rebel force of 6,000, with ten pieces of artillery, under command of Colonel Dockery, and are fortifying extensively, and have moved all military stores from Camden and evacuated that place. They report that it is well understood at Arkadelphia that General Price has been badly whipped and his army is retreating in great confusion and coming to Arkadelphia. They also report Colonel Logan near Saline River, on Black Creek, with a force of 700 men. The informants were men of more than ordinary intelligence for men of their class.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JOHN SCOTT,

Captain and Division Provost-Marshal.

