HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., November 3, 1864.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

DEAR SIR: Matters remain here about as usual. The weather has been rainy for three days. We have store-houses, however, so that everything is under good cover. There are now 60,000 sacks of grain in good shelter. Undoubtedly a rise in the steams will be of advantage to our side. For some weeks past there has been no communication by water between Pine Bluff and Little Rock. Recently a train of 300 wagons with supplies left Little Rock for Fort Smith. Major-General Herron accompanied the escort. I learn on fair authority that the rebel McCray, who accompanied Price into Missouri with about 3,000 men, is now at Searcy, sixty miles northwest of here. I have now at this post 4,000 troops, the greater part of whom have good winter quarters. I have 500 men at work on fortifications, all of which I hope to have finished in a few days. One of my regiments is the Fifty-seventh U. S. Infantry (colored) and is at work on the last and heaviest earth-work. I told them the other day I thought if they made a good fort of it, we should call it Fort Lincoln, which greatly pleased the men and made them shovel faster. I believe in getting as many colored troops as possible. The more rebels see that they cannot retain slavery, the more readily will they quit.

Yours, truly,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

[NOVEMBER 3, 1864.-For Andrews to Dyer, reporting affair at Hazen's farm, &amp;c., see Part I, p.906.]

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., November 3, 1864.

Colonel GEIGER,

Commanding Third Cavalry Brigade, Brownsville:

It is reported by some men of the Twelfth Michigan Infantry that were captured and paroled by Captain Wheat, near the railroad, that McCray is at Searcy. The brigadier-general commanding desires that you send a scout to Searcy to ascertain the truth of the report.

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., November 3, 1864.

Colonel W. F. GEIGER,

Commanding Third Cavalry Brigade, Brownsville:

In pursuance of instructions received from the major-general commanding, you will move with all your available force to Lewisburg, by shortest route, where you will receive orders. If you have an opportunity of striking the enemy, you will do so without special instructions. Take all the rations you can; you should have at least ten days' supplies. It is reported by rebels at Lewisburg that Price's forces are crossing south in detachments and will cross the Arkansas between

