
WASHINGTON, November 13, 1864-4 p.m.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff to General Grant, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I am satisfied that all the troops you can lay hands on in Missouri should be sent forward with the least possible delay to re-enforce General Thomas. He is probably opposed by Hood's entire army and the cavalry of Wheeler and Forrest.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CROSS HOLLOWS, ARK., November 3, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Jefferson City:

Your order of yesterday, repeated at Springfield to-day by General Sanborn, requiring Colonel Benteen to report to the latter at Cassville, cannot be obeyed without disastrous consequences, as this force is a material portion of the troops here in the face of vastly superior rebel forces. Supposing you are mistaken as to the location of Colonel Benteen, who has been with me in this pursuit several days, I have ordered Colonel Benteen to continue moving forward, instead of going back to Cassville to join General Sanborn, who it seems is still at Springfield, eighty-five miles in our rear. Price was yesterday near Fayetteville, where Colonel Harrison was in hourly expectation of an attack. Continuous rain and snow for three days have retarded supplies and taxed the troops to the utmost of human endurance. I have also hoped some of your troops would come up. Fifty only of the fresh troops named in your dispatch have come up to-day.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., November 3, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

By extract of telegraphic orders received this morning I find that I am directed to take orders from General Sanborn, who is my junior in rank. I have been here for three days shoeing horses and preparing for the field, and have received a generous support and assistance from General Sanborn. I march with nearly four of my regiments this morning; the others follow to-day and to-morrow. I would respectfully ask whether it is the intention to put me under command of my junior. It is so, want of confidence or censure must be understood. If subject to either, I would ask to be relieved of my command. I make this application as much in justice to General Sanborn as to myself.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, No. 63. Warrensburg, Mo., November 3, 1864.

In accordance with General Orders, No. 9, dated headquarters Cavalry Division, Warrensburg, Mo., November 2, 1864, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the District of Central Missouri, with headquarters at this place.

JNO. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding.

