HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., November 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

Prisoners just brought in from Newtonia report that Shelby moved eastward with his entire command after reaching Arkansas three days ago. A body of rebels are passing south between here and Marshfield. They crossed the Hartville road in the rear of Colonel Phelps at 10 a.m. to-day, and they report Shelby to be following them. Firing is reported toward Marshfield this morning. I have ordered one company of the Sixth Provisional to co-operate with a portion of General Holland's force moving from near Ozark toward Stewart's Creek, and have taken steps to inform Colonel Phelps of the enemy's movements.

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, No. 293. Springfield, Mo., November 3, 1864.

I. Major Mitchell, commanding battalion of the Seventh Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, will at once distribute the three companies of his command, now at this post, sending them to the vicinity of Bolivar, Humansville, and Stockton, respectively, where they will remain until further orders scouting the surrounding country thoroughly.

II. Lieutenant-Colonel McMahan, commanding Sixth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, will, upon receipt of this order, detail one squadron of his command, properly officered, to proceed upon a scout against a rebel force east of this place. The commanding officer of the squadron will at once report to Brigadier-General Holland for instructions, and the men will be held in readiness to move at a moment's notice. After completing the scout the squadron will return to this post.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By order of Brigadier General John B. Sanborn:

WM. T. KITTREDGE,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,

Springfield, Mo., November 3, 1864.

Colonel GRAVELY,

Commanding in the Field, near Cassville:

You will, at the earliest possible moment after your arrival at Cassville, send a escort of 400 men to Bentonville, Ark., and as far west as may be necessary,to strike the trail or line of the enemy's march, with instructions to the officer in command to ascertain the course and direction of the enemy's march and his present position as near as possible, and report all such information at the earliest opportunity to me at Cassville. You will move no troops except through orders from me.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

