
Thompson passed Boonville this morning with 2,000 cattle. How can these two reports be reconciled? Is it not Brownsville, about twenty miles from Sedalia? Get full report from Sedalia and telegraph. Give Pleasonton copy at Tipton.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 17, 1864.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

La Mine Bridge;

From Sanborn's information the general thinks it best for you to move to Sedalia to-morrow. You know the work at the bridge. Leave men enough at the bridge to do it. Mower's men are all here except two small regiments. They go to join you to-morrow. The cavalry will be on your right at Pleasant Grove, near the Boonville and Georgetown road; another brigade near Elk Lick Springs, near the Marshall and Georgetown road. Has anything been done to the La Mine brigade?

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. CAVALRY FORCE,In the Field near Blackwater, October 17, 1864-4 p.m.

(Received 9 p.m.)

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding:

GENERAL: A verbal message by your scout has just been received. I moved back to the south side of the Blackwater this morning for the following reasons, viz:

First. My command is entirely out of subsistence and some portions of it have been out for three days, and the country where it was stationed would not longer subsist them without bringing great distress upon the inhabitants, and I therefore moved so as to be nearer to my base of supplies.

Second. My information when I started was that a division of rebel troops had moved south through Brownsville during last night, and that all forces of the rebels west of Waverly had been ordered to move east, and this, in connection with the slow advance of the rebel column, induced a fear that Price was about to move his whole army south or back east, and I thought it better in such a contingency to be farther south.

It has been ascertained, however, by a reconnaissance this morning that General Price had his headquarters at Waverly last night, and that Shelby's entire command had returned from the vicinity of the railroad and joined the main army. Price advances slowly toward Lexington, and to-day a large portion, I think fully one-half, of this army is at Grand Pass. When I advance again, which will be as soon as I get supplies, unless otherwise ordered, I shall advance upon a line farther east, probably through Marshall, certainly as far east as Brownsville. It is of the utmost importance to my command that the subsistence train be sent forward at once.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Force.

