
CROSS HOLLOWS, November 3, 1864.

(Received 6th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

General Thayer, at Fort Smith, and Colonel Harrison, at Fayetteville, send me dispatches urging me forward to save them from Price. Three days' unremitting rain and snow detain me, but I hope my advance will reach Fayetteville to-night. Price's forces were yesterday on two sides of that place, but were not attacking our troops. General Rosecrans, at Jefferson City, yesterday, and General Sanborn, at Springfield, to-day, ordered Colonel Benteen's brigade to report at Cassville. This is a material part of my force, and I cannot believe these officers would again embarrass my operations if they were acquainted with the circumstances. I hope my order to Colonel Benteen will therefore receive your approval and that of General Rosecrans. Your dispatch informing me that General Rosecrans is ordered to pursue Price to the Arkansas does not, as I suppose, relieve me from concurrent duty implied by your former dispatch expressing to me the desire of the lieutenant-general.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS.] HDQRS. ARMY OF THE BORDER,

Cross Hollows, Ark., November 3, 1864.

Colonel Benteen, commanding Second Division of the Army of the Border, will move in the advance to-morrow morning at 6.30 o'clock. Major-General Blunt, commanding First Division, will move his command as soon as the road is clear, and Major Ketner, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, commanding commissary trains, will move in the rear. All commanding officers are enjoined to keep their commands well closed up and use the utmost diligence to prevent straggling. Great care should be taken of rations and forage, as we are now in the enemy's country, and subsistence of every kind is exceedingly scarce.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

T. I. McKENNY,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 3, 1864-6.30 a.m.

Major-General CURTIS:

Colonel Moonlight's brigade is moving out of camp; will go by way of Bentonville and rejoin the command on the march, as you directed. I shall leave in half an hour on the Fayetteville road, as I understood that was the route you intended to move on. I learn from a woman here that Price's camp was near Bentonville Monday night, which, if true, he must have laid over there one day. This woman's information is that Price has gone to Maysville except a small force. Four regiments, she says, went on the Huntsville road on Monday, leaving the Wire road, twelve miles south of here. I shall move on the Fayetteville road until directed some other course by you.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

