
CIMARRON, N. MEX., November 3, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES H. CARLETON,

Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

GENERAL: I leave here this morning with sixty-five Utes and Jicarilla Apache Indians, after having had the greatest kind of trouble to get them started, and had to tell them that I would write to you recommending to your favorable consideration that the families of those Indians going with me should be fed one pound and a half of meat and flour daily by Mr. L. B. Maxwell until they return from the campaign. The snow has been so deep for the last four days that I was doubtful of any of them to go with me. I therefore most respectfully solicit you to send to Mr. L. B. Maxwell an order to issue the above rations, and also instruct the chief commissary to pay for said subsistence. I deem it a good policy to do it, as we may need their services in future time.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CARSON,

Colonel First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers.

P. S.-Since my writing seventeen more Indians have joined my command, making in all eighty-two. All of them have families, which are suffering very much, and would be very glad if you approve the subsistence to be issued by L. B. Maxwell as heretofore mentioned in the within.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., November 3, 1864.

Brigadier General T. C. H. SMITH,

Keokuk, Iowa:

GENERAL: Your several reports have been received and are entirely satisfactory. I transmit inclosed copy of a letter just received from Governor Stone, to which I invite your particular attention.* You will observe that the Governor considers the Iowa militia abundantly able to protect the border against guerrilla raids, or any other danger to be anticipated since the retreat of Price. I desire to remind you that it is not always good policy to inaugurate a regular system of military precautions, and to post troops and prepare for hostilities, where no such arrangements have hitherto existed. I gather from your reports, as also from the letter of the Governor, that the anticipation of danger entertained some weeks since has nearly subsided, and is rapidly subsiding. It is my experience that it is very much easier to establish military arrangements and post troops than it is to do away with such arrangements and remove the troops afterward. Once establish such a system and I fear it will be fixed upon us long after its necessity or propriety has passed away. I fear if you make the arrangements you suggest, the clamor of the people will force us to continue them at much expense and inconvenience long after the necessity has passed. I am therefore very reluctant to go into any system of defense for the border of Iowa, except what is and what always has been furnished by the local militia. We may get an elephant in our possession which we will not be able to get rid of for a long time to come. I prefer greatly to stand upon the Governor's letter and the belief that since Price's retreat there is really

---------------

*See November 1, p.396.

---------------

