
of Captain Hawke at Pass Manchac. Lest it was intended to apprise me of these reports for any further purpose than information, I deem it my duty to report that Pass Manchac and the contiguous country is not within the Defenses of New Orleans. All the troops and the territory north of a line connecting Bonnet Carre Bend and Frenier Station passed into Baton Rouge District last summer.

(Please see my report on Defenses of New Orleans to headquarters department dated August 26, 1864.)

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barancas, November 4, 1864.

Major JAMES E. MONTGOMERY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of West Florida and South Alabama:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the following statement of the movements of the enemy in my vicinity, which I consider perfectly reliable, dated November 2, 1864:

Six companies of the Fifteenth Confederate Cavalry have gone in the direction of Milton, Fla. A portion of Forrest's and Maury's command are at Pollard. There are three regiments of infantry at Blakely, destination not known, supposed to be Pollard or Milton. One regiment of cavalry from Mobile was ordered to report to Greenwood's plantation yesterday; the number of men in these regiments are not known. The entire force at Greenwood's is 1,000 men and four pieces of artillery, but there is some talk of their moving above Blakely, for fear they may be cut off by forces from Pensacola. There is one company of 100 men at Montrose. There is one set of pickets at Stick River, on the road, and one set at Hollman's, on the Perdido River. At Mobile there are about 8,000, old men and boys. Two couriers are stationed at H. J. Helton's while he acts as a spy for the Confederates. At Blakely there is situated one battery mounting eight guns, two large and six small ones. Colonel Maury's movements seem to be rather mysterious.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BAILEY,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, November 4, 1864-4.10 p.m.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Mouth of White River, Ark.:

Price was defeated at Newtonia, Newton County, Mo., on the 1st* and retreated toward Cassville and Arkansas frontier. General Curtis is ordered to pursue him to the Arkansas River. As Price is utterly destitute of supplies and transportation, he must either attack Fort Smith or seek a part of the country where he can get provisions. General Steele should cut off his retreat.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Major General F. Steele.)

---------------

*The engagement at Newtonia occurred on October 28.

---------------

