
of cavalry, and what cavalry I have left, it is contemplated, as you will see, to take away. I have barely force now here to defend this place. Priced being driven out of Missouri, General A. J. Smith's troops and Winslow's cavalry, it seems to me, should be ordered back here. Forrest is in West Tennessee with 10,000 men, and I am powerless to drive him out unless I can have Smith and Winslow back here. The order of General Howard for Hatch's cavalry was executed before my return. I was in hopes that there would be no further conflict of orders on the Mississippi. What am I to do in the case of conflicting orders between you and Generals Sherman and Howard?

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mouth of White River, November 4, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Memphis, Tenn.:

I have ordered General Rosecrans to send to Memphis the detachments of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Corps and the cavalry division the moment they can be spared from Missouri, and by the quickest route. If the cavalry division is far advanced in the pursuit of Price, it will probably come by the way of Fort Smith and Little Rock.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, TENN., November 4, 1864. (Received 12 m. 7th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Forrest is still in Middle Tennessee, but his intentions are unknown. He left Jackson with a small force, going north to Paris, one week ago. He has about 10,000 men. Most of his force is believed to be near Corinth. I have only force enough here to defend this place. Now that Price is driven out of Missouri, if General Smith's force and the cavalry I sent to Missouri could be ordered back here, I could soon drive him out. Will your order Rosecrans to send those troops back here?

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., November 4, 1864.

Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Special Order 114, paragraphs III and IV, Armies of the United States, October 29, 1864, by the hand of Brigadier-General Rawlins, and to state for the information of the General-in-Chief that in pursuance of telegraphic orders of the same tenor from General Halleck, Chief of Staff, Major General A. J. Smith was ordered to move from Harrisonville to

