
Pleasant Hill, Mo., on the 29th ultimo, and from thence on Sunday, the 30th, to the Missouri River, at Glasgow, Arrow Rock, and Boonville. But finding the chances of reaching the Mississippi by marching better than by the Missouri, which is so low that navigation is very difficult, one division was ordered to move directly to the Mississippi, near Saint Louis, by the south of the river, and the other to cross the Missouri at Glasgow and move on the north side of that river to a point of embarkation near Saint Charles. Boats will be in readiness, with ample supplies, to meet them on their arrival and transport them to General Thomas, who desires them [to] come in fighting order to Johnsonville, on the Tennessee. Both divisions are now under the command of Major General A. J. Smith. Mower was relieved by McArthur and ordered to report to General Sherman some three weeks ago. The General-in-Chief may be assured that neither General Smith nor myself will leave anything undone which, in our opinion, will expedite the movement of the troops or their arrival at their destination in fighting trim.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, November 4, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

General Curtis has orders to assume command of the troops under General Sanborn, and to pursue Price to Arkansas River, or till he meets Steele's or Reynolds' forces; then to send all troops to their proper commands. It is important that the troops in pursuit of Price should not be withdrawn till he is either broken up or driven out of the country.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., November 4, 1864. (Received 5th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I reached here yesterday morning. Rosecrans was absent with his army, but returned here last night. I have just seem him and delivered your orders. The commands embraced in them were already marching to the Mississippi River-A. J. Smith to Saint Charles, and Mower, now McArthur, to this city under orders previously communicated to him by General Halleck. Those two divisions on the river within six days, where transportation will be in readiness for their immediate embarkation. By order of General Sherman, McArthur relieved Mower in command of his division, and the two divisions of Sherman's army in this department are placed under the command of Smith, who has had all the necessary orders, Rosecrans informs me, to expedite their movement to the points designated by Thomas. Winslow's cavalry is with General Sanborn, to whom orders have been sent by Rosecrans for its return to the Mississippi River the moment it can be safely withdrawn from further pursuit of Price, which seems to be the case now,

