
SEDALIA, October 17, 1864-10.30 p.m.
General SMITH:

SIR: The enemy were reported to be about twenty miles northwest of this place about 12 o'clock to-day, but in small force-about 2,000 men; the main force said to be about thirty miles northwest of this at Grand Pass.

D. MOORE,

Colonel.

SEDALIA, October 17, 1864-11 p.m.

General SMITH:

SIR: Lieutenant-Colonel Crittenden has just arrived from the front, and says General Sanborn has fallen back to a point fifteen miles northwest of this. Colonel Crittenden states that Sanborn has 6,000 cavalry and no infantry. He further states that Price is at Waverly to-night, which is about twenty miles east of Lexington, and his effective force is estimated at 14,000 men. Think that he will go to Lexington to-morrow.

D. MOORE,

Colonel.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO.,

October 17, 1864-12.20* a.m.

Captain SAMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The commanding general of the department directs me to say that General Mower's division will move as soon as transportation can be prepared-probably by daylight to-morrow morning. See first to your ammunition, and have everything ready as quickly as possible.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

TIPTON, October 17, 1864-9 p.m.

Colonel DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel Winslow's command is at California to-night, and Major Simonson is here. The latter sent out parties on the Pisgah and Bell Air roads. Nothing was observed on the Pisgah road, but near Bell Air a party of rebels, some 400 strong, were met, coming this way. They were attacked and driven back to a bridge, from which they could not be dislodged. Our force was only a squadron strong. Colonel Winslow's command will reach here to-morrow, when his whole force will be sent in the direction of Bell Air and Marston's Bridge, toward Marshall, to scout the country. No other information at this point.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Written before midnight of the 17th and sent 12.20 a.m. 18th;see p. 83.

---------------

