
as Price from all accounts has been pretty completely broken up and dispersed. This cavalry will reach the river for embarkation in about ten days from this date. In addition to the troops of Sherman, Rosecrans will send to Thomas one regiment of colored infantry, which is all, he thinks, can be spared from here with safety to this State and Government stores, owing to the great activity of guerrillas in different parts of the State, especially in the northern counties. Mower reports in person to Sherman. Rosecrans seems to appreciate fully the condition of affairs on the Mississippi and Tennessee Rivers, and will use every exertion, I have no doubt, to forward troops there. I have received this morning a dispatch from General Halleck. It requires no answer other than is contained in this. General A. J. Smith is here.

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., November 4, 1864-10.30 p.m.

(Received 5th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Since my dispatch of this forenoon, I have seen General Smith, who says he has all the necessary orders from Rosecrans for the return of the whole of Sherman's troops to Thomas, and that he will be able to get away from here by the 10th instant, with all except the cavalry, which numbers about 2,000 effective men, now with General Sanborn. This he will not be able to get away before the 15th instant. His force, exclusive of this cavalry, is 9,000 effective men. I shall procure from Rosecrans a complete statement of the forces he will have in his department after Sherman's troops leave. Sherman's cavalry constituted a part of Pleasonton's force in the battle with Price. Smith being so anxious to get off and so alive to the importance of doing so at the earliest possible moment, together with Rosecrans' disposition to facilitate his purpose to the fullest extent, I deem it unnecessary for me to remain longer, and unless you think otherwise, I shall be prepared to leave here for City Point on Sunday evening next. With your permission I would like to return via New York City and remain over there for three or four days to see my physician, provided nothing of importance is likely to transpire in that time. I shall await here your answer top this and further orders.

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mouth of White River, November 4, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Send the divisions of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Corps as soon as they can be spared, and by the quickest route, to Memphis, Tenn. If they are still in pursuit of Price, and can reach their destination sooner by the way of Fort Smith and Little Rock, give them that direction. The cavalry division from the District of West Tennessee will also be sent back. You will direct them to move by the quickest route.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

