
inform you that I sent a copy of your letter to Lieutenant Colonel C. S. Lovell, assistant provost-marshal-general for Wisconsin, requesting him to communicate the facts to the provost-marshal in that section of country and to direct him to make such investigation and ask for such aid as might be needed to arrest and punish the offenders. I would suggest to you that information of this character be communicated i the first instance to Lieutenant-Colonel Lovell, who, through his provost-marshal, has the means at once to investigate and detect such treasonable operations, and who will at once be furnished by me with all necessary military aid. Be assured, Governor, that I stand ready at all times to aid you to the full extent of my power in putting down any combinations and in repressing any attempt against the peace.

I am, Governor, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

KEOKUK, IOWA, November 4, 1864.

Major J. F. MELINE,

A. A. A. G., Hdqrs. Dept. of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

MAJOR: The rapid and vigorous organization and arming of militia forces in the southern counties of this State, which Price's advance in Missouri induced, has given the people confidence in their ability to dispose of any raiders, and since his retreat their apprehensions have almost entirely died out. I can see but on indication of mischief as things are now. There can be no question that the recruiting parties which dispersed into Northern Missouri are still many of them there, and it is possible that before making their way south, they may suddenly collect together and attempt some undertaking of consequence. It is matter of common knowledge here that mounted men (suspicious characters) have been making their way into Illinois the past few weeks. The men arrested by my order were on a recruiting errand. Colonel Duffield, late of the Third Iowa Cavalry, who was captured on the evening of the 2nd instant on the packet from Saint Louis to this port, the Kate Kearney, at Clarksville, and who was subsequently paroled, told me that he conversed with a number of the party and came to the conclusion that they were rebel recruits from Illinois. I am told here that it is matter of common knowledge in Hancock County, Ill., opposite, that recruiting and drilling have been going on there for weeks. In view of these and other similar facts, and of the notorious complicity of the secret political societies formed against the Government, with the rebels, in this region at least, and of the giving out as to what is to be done on election day, I think it better that I should remain here till after the 8th instant.

With great respect, major, your obedient servant,

T. C. H. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

MOUTH OF WHITE RIVER, November 5, 1864-11 a.m.

(Received 6 p.m. 11th.)

A. LINCOLN,

President:

Magruder's main force is in the vicinity of Princeton, picketing the road leading to Pine Bluff and Little Rock, and in easy reach of the Mississippi, if the crossing of the river should be attempted. Our

