
1865, and after that date no white person will be allowed to land on any part of the same without written permission so to do either from these headquarters, the headquarters District of Vicksburg, the general superintendent of freedmen, or the provost-marshal-general of freedmen. Colonel Samuel Thomas, Sixty-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry, provost-marshal-general of freedmen, is charged with the execution of this order, and the Sixty-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry is at his disposal for the objects thereof.

By order of Major General N. J. T. Dana:

T. H. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

U. S. STEAMER LOUISVILLE,

Off Skipwith's Landing, November 5, 1864.

Major-General DANA,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps:

SIR: I have just received information from the commanding officer of the U. S. steamer Argosy that Parsons' brigade (rebels) are ten miles back of Gaines' Landing and are receiving re-enforcements rapidly. They have artillery with them, and orders have been read to the troops that they are to cross the river. This information was obtained from two deserters, who have arrived at the gun-boat Romeo. I shall leave immediately for that place. Any assistance which you can render me by forwarding information to the vessels below will be very acceptable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE BACON,

Lieutenant Commander, Commanding Sixth Division, Mississippi River.

CITY POINT, VA., November 5, 1864-4 p.m.

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

You can now return, via New York, as you request. Report your arrival in Washington City by telegraph and await reply.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 5, 1864-2.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS:

It is reported that there is an Illinois regiment at Cairo not required there, and under orders for Atlanta. If so please order if to Paducah or to General George H. Thomas or where it may be most needed. Are there not some troops at Cape Girardeau or at New Madrid that could be spared? I think every man you can possibly get should be hurried to General Thomas. If Beauregard can be checked on the Tennessee River, Sherman can being his own movement at once.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

