
JEFFERSON CITY, October 17, 1864-9.30 p.m.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Tipton:

Messenger left Sanborn at Cook's Store at 8 a.m.; reports news then was that Price was between Marshall and Waverly moving toward Lexington. It is also reported that Jeff. Thompson passed in rear of Sanborn with 2,000 head of cattle going north; dubious. Provide signals and instruct the cavalry how to use them, with a rear guard far enough behind to prevent the "swamp fox," Jeff., from practicing this game of falling behind our columns. Let me hear about the cavalry and everything else to-night.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Jefferson City, October 17, 1864-12 night.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Tipton:

The general commanding directs me to say the last dispatches from Sanborn put a satisfactory upon matters and seem to indicate that a small force-say Simonson's brigade-would suffice on our right flank. It ought to move by the shortest route in time to Elk Lick Springs, on the road to Arrow Rock, and thence across to the Georgetown and Marshall road. Send for the best guides you can and ask for the best route, and report. The Second Brigade had better move direct to La Mine or to the bridge near Pleasant Grove to-morrow. Where is the First Iowa detachment? It can meet us at Sedalia if now at the front. If on its way back, it can halt at La Mine to escort our wagon train to Sedalia.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., October 17, 1864.

Captain H. A. RICE,

Commanding First Batt., Third Mo. State Mil. Cav., Rolla, Mo.:

Please inform the officers and men of my Pilot Knob command that I have applied to General Rosecrans to order them back from Rolla, and am assured he will do so as soon as they can be spared from that post. I am anxious to get them back and refit them, and will allow no opportunity to be lost to accomplish the purpose.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 17, 1864-11 a.m.

Brigadier-General WOLFF,

Commanding:

The commanding general directs that you send out a good company to guard the first bridge, six miles out of town on railroad. Instruct the officers that they are sent there to defend the brigade and are not to be frightened off by a few guerrillas.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

