HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,November 5, 1864-6.04 p.m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Cairo, Ill.:

Please inform me at this place by telegraph what troops you have at Cairo. It is reported that several regiments are there. I desire the names of the regiment or parts of regiments and their effective strength, as nearly as may be approximated.

This is by authority of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., November 5, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel HILLER,

Cape Girardeau:

What was the result of the affair at Charleston this morning? Answer.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, No. 144. Near California, Mo., November 5, 1864.

1. Captain E. R. Applegate, ordnance officer, will unload his train of ammunition at California, reserving 100,000 rounds in wagons, and as soon as he can procure cars he will load his ammunition and proceed to Jefferson City, thence, if transportation can be obtained, to Saint Louis. On his arrival at Saint Louis he will report to Major-General Smith, commanding Right Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, for orders. The guard accompanying the train will remain and proceed with the ammunition by railroad. The quartermaster's department will please furnish the necessary transportation.

2. The command encamped at Lookout Station will march to-morrow morning at 6.30 o'clock and proceed to Jefferson City. The First Brigade will march in the advance. The train will move in the same orders as to-day. The Second Brigade will march in the rear of the train. The wagons in charge of Colonel McMillen's brigade, known as the Rolla train, upon arriving at Jefferson City, will proceed from thence to Rolla, Mo., and report upon arriving to the commandant of the post at that place. Commanding officers of regiments will send to these headquarters as soon after arriving at Jefferson City as possible the pay-rolls of their commands, to October 31, 1864, directed to Major Febiger, Saint Louis, in order that they may be forwarded promptly by special messenger. The troops will be furnished with one day's rations, to be drawn forthwith. Commanding officers may issue one ration of whisky to their men,which can be drawn from the commissary.

By command of Brigadier General J. McArthur:

W. H. F. RANDALL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

