
SPRINGFIELD, November 5, 1864.

(Received 3.15 p.m.)

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

General Sanborn has shown me his instructions from you. I shall act on them as ordered from you and co-operate with him in everything that can be done against the enemy. I have returned his orders to him with a respectful indorsement, and I shall retain command of my own brigade until relieved.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, November 5, 1864-8.12 p.m.

Brigadier-General McNEIL,

Springfield:

General Sanborn was supposed to be your senior when the orders were given. I am pleased to know that you have taken the mistake in proper spirit. You will execute the orders of General Sanborn with this addition: that you will not only report with a copy of your orders to General Curtis, and co-operate, but take orders from him during the pursuit. Spare neither men nor horses where you do equal damage to the enemy, but waste nothing afterward for display of apparent vigor. Report to me where is Winslow's cavalry, and your own progress, as well as all news from the front.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, No. 235. Warrensburg, Mo., November 5, 1864.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

II. The Sixtieth Regiment of Enrolled Missouri Militia is hereby relieved from active service within this district, with the exception of the two companies commanded respectively by Captains Morton and Gallaher. Until further orders Captain Morton's command will be stationed at Osceola, Saint Clair County, and Captain Gallaher's command will be stationed at Calhoun, Henry County, Mo.

By order of Colonel John F. Philips, commanding:

J. H. STEGER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,

In the Field, November 5, 1864-12 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Headquarters Department of the Missouri:

The rebel army has broken up and scattered, but some damage may be done it yet. Benteen's brigade is below Fayetteville. I sent forward 400 fresh troops from Colonel Gravely's brigade this morning to Cane Hill and Fort Smith, and I have advised General McNeil to move forward his command at once. A large number of the troops from the

