
rebel army have moved in toward Batesville and Jacksonport, where they were raised. General Jeff Thompson stated to a scout of mine, who was with him ten days in Missouri acting as his orderly, that they should not try to keep their army together this winter, but that the respective regiments would be sent to the counties and sections where they were raised and remain till spring. Colonel Harrison dispatches that the rebels attacked Fayetteville with artillery on the 3rd, but made no assault. I suppose a simple demonstration to occupy the troops, while their trains were moved south. I shall order more troops down from Springfield and scout the Northern Arkansas pretty thoroughly when returning.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Cassville, November 5, 1864-11.30 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Headquarters Department of the Missouri:

My information from Springfield is that large bodies of rebels continue to pass south between Springfield and Lebanon; the post train from Lebanon, consisting of 15 six-mule teams, was captured by the rebels yesterday, and I fear we shall lose our subsistence trains. Captain Cassairt, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, a very reliable officer, reports that 1,000 rebels were moving south through Warsaw yesterday. He had a sharp fight, in which he expended all his ammunition and killed 2 rebel captains and 18 men, without any loss himself, and was falling back to Springfield for ammunition. He reports this force to be a part of Jeff Thompson's brigade, of Shelby's division. This state of things seems to raise the question whether we shall damage the enemy as much by moving south as [he is] likely [to] damage us while absent. I shall continue to send forward the troops south, unless otherwise ordered by you.

S. LEE DAVIS,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., November 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

(To be forwarded from Cassville.)

Company L, Sixth Provisional, leave Lebanon to-day, all but thirty-one dismounted. I have ordered Cosgrove to retain the dismounted men. Captain Cassairt has not yet arrived from Bolivar. Will send him forward when he comes. A detachment from Lebanon was defeated on the 3rd at Elk Creek, in Wright County; 16 of them were captured. I think a regiment of cavalry should be stationed at Marshfield for the present to operate from there. Can I send the Sixth Provisional there? Three trains are between here and Lebanon. Messengers have been sent out for them. Mrs. Fullbright keeps coming for a pass; says you promised her one for herself and another woman. Shall I give them one? Colonel Phelps I am told will be in to-day. He has had no rations since he left, the train failing to meet him. The regiments

