
here are about ready to move, though their horses as a general thing are in poor condition. Portions of McNeil's command are burning fences and committing great depredations between here and Cassville, and many come in to complain of them. At Phillips', seven miles out from here, great damage was done last night. Colonel King is mentioned as one of the officers in command. Colonel Brutsche will start on Monday with the prisoners. It was useless to attempt to send them with the men who went yesterday. These men went straggling out without the least order and discipline and have not all got off yet. I learn they are taking horses all along the road. General Holland wishes to relieve some of the militia from duty for a few days, and asks you to authorize him to do so. General Holland wishes me to send Captain Ball to Ozark and Captain McCullah to Galena until after election. Shall I do so?

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, No. 295. Springfield, Mo., November 5, 1864.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

VI. In compliance with orders from the general commanding in the field, Colonel John E. Phelps, Second Arkansas Cavalry, will move with his command to Cassville without delay and report to Colonel J. J. Gravely, commanding in the field. He will take with him five days' rations and 100 rounds of ammunition per man.

VII. In compliance with orders from headquarters in the field, Major Rush, commanding battalion of Sixth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, will, upon receipt of this order, move out with all the available mounted men of his command now at this post, except Company C, on the Rolla road. He will proceed as rapidly as possible until he meets three trains of quartermaster's stores, which he will at once escort to this post, unless he finds them so near this post or so strongly guarded as not to need his force. In this case he will move on until he meets a subsistence train, which left Rolla on the 2nd instant, and escort it through to this post. At least four days' rations will be taken, but no wagons.

By order of Brigadier General John B. Sanborn:

WM. T. KITTREDGE,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,

Springfield, Mo., November 5, 1864.

Major COSGROVE,

Commanding, Lebanon:

The dismounted men of Company L, Sixth Provisional, will not be sent to Cassville, but will be retained for garrison duty at your post. Company I, Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, is doubtless on its way to this post and will be ordered to Cassville from here. The camp and garrison equipage will be retained at Lebanon until further orders.

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

