
[Second indorsement.]

Respectfully returned to Brigadier-General Sanborn, whose attention is called to the above indorsement.

Colonel Benteen has for several days been doing gallant and diligent service under the direction of Major-General Curtis, to whom he has properly reported since coming with his command, and will be allowed to repair and report to his proper department headquarters at his own discretion after the consummation of the general's purpose to drive Price beyond the Arkansas.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

[C. S. CHARLOT,]

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT BACON, N. MEX., November 5, 1864.

Captain B. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inclose herewith the report to Major William McCleave, First Cavalry California Volunteers, commanding troops of the expedition, who arrived at this post on the 4th instant from Fort Union, N. Mex.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCO. P. ABREU,

Lieutenant Colonel First Infantry New Mexico Volunteers, Commanding

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS COMANCHE AND KIOWA EXPEDITION,Camp at Fort Bascom, N. Mex., November 5, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel F. P. ABREU,

First Infty. N. Mex. Vols., Commanding Fort Bascom, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the number of officers and enlisted men which arrived at this post yesterday from Fort Union, N. Mex., under my command for the Comanche and Kiowa expedition are as follows: Company A, First Infantry California Volunteers, Lieutenant Edmiston and 59 enlisted men; Company K, First Infantry California Volunteers, Lieutenant Pettis and 27 enlisted men; Company K, First Cavalry California Volunteers, 9 enlisted men; Company B, First Cavalry California Volunteers (veterans, &amp;c.), 24 enlisted men; Company M, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Captain Witham and 30 enlisted men; 8 enlisted men of Company G, First Cavalry California Volunteers, attached to Captain Witham's company; Company D, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, Captain Berney, Lieutenant Edgar and 26 enlisted men; total commissioned, 7, Major William McCleave and Lieutenant Taylor included; total enlisted men, 183; total, 190. I also find that Captain Fritz, with twenty men of his company and ten men of Company G, First Cavalry California Volunteers, with Assistant Surgeon Courtright, arrived at this post on the 1st instant from Fort Sumner. Lieutenant Heath, with eleven men from his company (K), First Cavalry California Volunteers, and fourteen men from Captain Berney's company (D), First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, left Fort Union, N. Mex., October 28, 1864, to report to Colonel C. Carson, at Maxwell's ranch, as escort to Fort Bascom, and who have not arrived here as yet.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. McCLEAVE,

Major First Cavalry California Volunteers.

