HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., November 5, 1864.

Major R. H. ROSE,

Commanding Fort Wadsworth, Dak. Terr.:

MAJOR: Your dispatches of the 27th ultimo have been received at this office. The orders for the appointment of Gabriel Renville as a scout, and for the temporary employment of Samuel J. Brown as interpreter at your post, will be sent up by Major J. R. Brown, military agent. General Sibley directs that no public horses be intrusted to the Indian scouts during the winter. It was understood that they were to furnish their own ponies. Orders will be issued from this office authorizing the assistant quartermaster at Fort Wadsworth to increase the allowance of hay to the public animals in consequence of the short supply of grain. The chief commissary of subsistence has been directed to instruct the acting commissary of subsistence to allow the issue of hams and dried fruit in lieu of other parts of the rations. It is to be regretted that you did not adhere to your original intention to send down Company M, Second Cavalry, by the way of Abercrombie, as it could more easily have reached Fort Ripley by that route, at which place it will probably be stationed. The failure to complete the quarters of the command is a great disappointment to the brigadier-general commanding, who has been led to believe that there was an abundance of timber cut for that purpose. If, however, it is impracticable to go on with the work this season, the greatest energy must be displayed in getting everything ready for operations early in the spring, including stone and brick, if the latter can be conveniently made. Lieutenant-Colonel Adams, commanding at Abercrombie, has been directed to establish a post with a garrison of twenty-five or thirty men under a commissioned officer, midway between that post and Wadsworth, for the convenience of communication during the winter, and to send you a copy of the instructions for your information. If the snow should be so deep as to prevent ordinary traveling, snow-shoes and dog trains may have to be resorted to. Such blanks as are on hand will be sent you by Major Brown, and other necessary at your post will be sent as soon as received at this office. Major Brown will soon leave here with further instructions for your guidance.

By direction of Brigadier-General Sibley:

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT ABERCROMBIE, DAK. TERR., November 5, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Minnesota, Saint Paul, Minn.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that after having assumed command of Company D, Independent Battalion Minnesota Volunteer Cavalry, on the 28th of September, I started with said company on the 2nd day of October, 1864, and arrived at Georgetown, Minn., on the 5th and rested there two days. Then I proceeded to the Goose Rapids and remained there two days, in the meantime sending a scouting party up the Goose River. Then I proceeded to the Grand Forks and remained there two days, again sending out a scouting party. From there I went to Turtle River and staid there one day, sending

