HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Jefferson City, MO., October 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General WOLFF,

Commanding Post, Jefferson City, Mo.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding the department to inform you that Major Rabb, Second Missouri Light Artillery, has been ordered to report to you for orders. You will place him in command of all the artillery in the city.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DETACH. FIRST CAV. MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Richmond, Mo., October 17, 1864.

Captain ENO,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I have information of a reliable character that the Federal forces at Carrollton, Mo., surrendered to a Confederate force on yesterday after fighting several hours. I am not advised of the terms of capitulation. We are informed that the Confederate forces intend moving upon this place to-day or to-morrow at farthest. We have about 300 Enrolled Missouri Militia here under command of Major Grimes, of the Fifty-first Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, and eighty men belonging to the First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, under my immediate command. If the Confederates come we shall give them best fight we have, and shall retreat before them in preference to being captured. My reason for reporting to you is that all communication is cut off between myself and my regiment.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. EADS,

Company M, First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. CAVALRY FORCE,In the Field, Cook's Store, Monday, October 17, 1864-7 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The information sent yesterday morning that the main portion of the rebel army camped in Waverly on the night of the 15th was incorrect. The enemy camped that night at Keiser's Bridge, and last night camped at Grand Pass, eight miles east of Waverly. No portion of the rebel army is yet in Lexington, and only 800 were in Waverly at 8 o'clock last night. Jeff. Thompson's brigade that entered Sedalia day before yesterday returned yesterday through Brownsville, and joined the main army last night. An effort made by me to cut this command off at Brownsville failed, the force arriving there about one hour too late. I think if I leave this position that the enemy will pass through here west, and I shall hold it, unless otherwise ordered, until the enemy move farther west and into or near Lexington, or south if he should change his present course. I am out of supplies, but will try to hold on until I hear from headquarters. I think the report referred to

