
J. J. Reynolds commanding Nineteenth Corps, in vicinity of Gaines' Landing, to oppose an attempt of the enemy to cross the river. If you should not meet General Reynolds you will be governed by circumstances, and if the enemy abandons the attempt to cross you can do such scouting as you may find practicable and consistent with the safety of your command, reporting by every opportunity to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. H. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., November 6, 1864.

Lieutenant Commander George Bacon,

Commanding Sixth Division, Mississippi River:

Your dispatch of yesterday was handed me about an hour since. I have sent a tug with your letter to Lieutenant-Commander May. My transports, with 1,000 cavalry and section of artillery, will leave here for Gaines' Landing or that vicinity to-night. I have no doubt of your entire success and the disgust of the rebels at another failure.

Very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, Mo., November 6, 1864-10 p.m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

I have just received from General Rosecrans the following communication:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,November 6, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following comprises the infantry of this department available for field duty, as is explained in remarks:

District of Rolla: Five companies of First Missouri State Militia, ten companies Forty-fourth Missouri Volunteer Infantry (new, twelve-months' men), eight companies Forty-eighth Missouri Volunteer Infantry (new, twelve-months' men).

District of Southwest Missouri: Ten companies Forty-sixth Missouri Volunteer Infantry (new, twelve-months' men), neither mustered nor full.

District of North Missouri: Nine companies Thirty-ninth Missouri Volunteer Infantry (new, twelve-months', men), ten companies Forty-second Missouri Volunteer Infantry (new, twelve-months', men),six companies Forty-third Missouri Volunteer Infantry (new, paroled prisoners), Forty-ninth Missouri Volunteer Infantry, not mustered.

District of Central Missouri: Six companies Forty-fifth Missouri Volunteer Infantry (new, twelve-months', men).

District of Saint Louis: Fortieth Missouri Volunteer Infantry (new, twelve-months', men), Forty-first Missouri Volunteer Infantry (new, twelve-months', men), Forty-seventh Missouri Volunteer Infantry (new,twenty-months', men), part paroled; Tenth Kansas Veteran Infantry, 250 men; Eighteenth U. S. Colored Infantry; Twenty-fourth Missouri Veteran Infantry, 200 men; two batteries light artillery.

Of these I can send the following immediately: Fortieth Missouri Volunteer Infantry, Forty-fourth Missouri Volunteer Infantry, Forty-second Missouri Volunteer Infantry, Tenth Kansas Infantry, Twenty-fourth Missouri Infantry, Eighteenth U. S. Colored Infantry, two batteries of artillery, and I may be able also to send the Forty-first Missouri Infantry if I can find detachment to replace it.

Your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding

