
General Rosecrans has ordered here the six regiments and two batteries he says he can send for immediate embarkation, under orders to proceed to Paducah and report to the commanding officer the until the arrival of General A. J. Smith, then to report to him unless they receive other orders from General Thomas. Four of these regiments and two batteries will get away from here within two days from this, and the others two within four or five days. They will number over 4,000 effective men. Winslow's cavalry will be returned to General Sherman by General Rosecrans as soon as they get back from the pursuit of Price, if they come this way. I will here state that General Rosecrans has shown since I met him here every disposition to hurry forward troops to General Thomas, and for that purpose to strip his command to the least possible number. He will be enabled to send more when the pursuit of Price ends. I shall leave here on my return tomorrow.

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

SAINT LOUIS, Mo., November 6, 1864.

Major General . W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Your communication of this date setting forth the infantry commands of your department available for field duty and the regiments and batteries that you can send immediately to Major General George H. Thomas, is received. You will send forward with all possible dispatch to Paducah, Ky., the troops you designate in your communication as being able to send, namely: Forty-fourth Regiment Missouri Infantry Volunteers, Forty-second Regiment Missouri Infantry Volunteers, Tenth Regiment Kansas Infantry Volunteers, Twenty-fourth Regiment Missouri Infantry Volunteers, Eighteenth U. S. Colored Infantry, Fortieth Regiment Missouri Infantry Volunteers,

two batteries of artillery, to report to the commanding officer there until Major General A. J. Smith arrives there, then to report to him, unless otherwise ordered by Major General George H. Thomas. You will also send to the same destination with same orders any other and as many more troops as you can possibly spare, and with all possible dispatch.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CAMP AT JEFFERSON CITY, November 6, 1864.

(Received 8th.)

Major General A. J. Smith:

Arrived here to day after a severe march from Sedalia. The snow storm rendered the roads as bad as can well be imagined. Unloaded the ammunition at California with orders to send by railroad. Will await the arrival of the Third Brigade, which will reach here tomorrow and start Tuesday morning for Saint Louis. Will send all the sick and foot-sore men by railroad, which, whit the light wagon train, I expect will enable me to reach Saint Louis Saturday

next.

J. McARTHUR,

Brigadier-General.

