SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 94 Glasgow, Mo., November 6, 1864.

III. The One hundred and twenty-second Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers is hereby relieved from further duty with the Second Brigade, Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, and is reassigned to duty with the First Brigade, Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps. The commanding officer of the Second Brigade will drop regiment from his returns from this date.

IV. The Fifty-eight Illinois Infantry Volunteers is hereby relieved from further duty with the First Brigade, Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, and is hereby assigned to duty with the Second Brigade, Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps. The commanding officer of the First Brigade will drop the regiment

from his returns from this date.

By order of Colonel D. Moore:

JAMES B. COMSTOCK,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 22 Glasgow, Mo., November 6, 1864.

This command is hereby placed upon its good behavior. Hereafter no officers or enlisted man will be permitted to leave his company or regiment without special authority from these headquarters. Commanding officers of regiments, batteries, and detachments of this command will detail an advance and rear guard to arrest all stragglers, who will be reported at the close day's march to these headquarters for punishment.

This order will be read at the head of each regiment, battery, and detachment of this command.

By order of Colonel David Moore:

JAMES B. COMSTOCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 237. Saint Louis, Mo., November 6, 1864.

4. Battery A, Second Missouri Artillery, will proceed by boat to Paducah, reporting on arrival there to commanding officer of the post. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

5. The Twenty-fourth Missouri Volunteers, at the Moselle bridge, South west Branch of Pacific Railroad, will proceed at once by railroad to Saint Louis, reporting on arrival too these headquarters. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

6. The Fortieth Missouri Volunteers will proceed by boat to Paducah, and on arrival at that post will report to the commanding officer thereof. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

7. The Eighteenth U. S. Colored will proceed by boat to Paducah, and on arrival at that post will report to the commanding officer thereof. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

