
souri State Militia, 5 commissioned officer, 167 enlisted men; Seventeenth Regiment Cavalry Illinois Volunteers, 2 commissioned officers, 76 enlisted men; Third Regiment Cavalry Missouri State Militia, 1 commissioned officer, 32 enlisted men; Sixty-third Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, 18 commissioned officers, 286 enlisted men; Thirty-fourth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, 13 commissioned officers, 199 enlisted men, Battery B, Second Missouri Light Artillery Volunteers, 1 commissioned officer, 734 enlisted men, 4 guns; Battery H, Second Missouri Light Artillery, 1 commissioned officer, 39 men, 2 guns. Two companies of the Forty-fourth Missouri Volunteer Infantry are out at present as escorts. I have ordered them to return whit all possible speed. There is only one locomotive here, which cannot haul more than 450 men. This number will leave immediately. The balance will be sent as soon as the train comes back.

ALBERT SIGEL

Colonel, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,In the Field, Cassville, November 6, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I am informed from Springfield this morning that the report of the capture of the post train at Lebanon is false, and that we have lost no teams or wagons. The subsistence question is becoming important, but we can manage it probably. No further information from the rebel army.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI

Springfield, Mo., November 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,Cassville, Mo,:

The quartermaster trains are coming in. Our subsistence train is at Waynesville tonight, and Cosgrove has sent an escort to bring it forward. This train has no breadstuffs. Two trains left Rolla yesterday. The commissary of subsistence at Rolla reports sixty of Owen's wagons there and no rations to load them with. As soon as Captain Owen can furnish wagons Captain See will forward a small amount of his stores here. He is anxious to go to Rolla and hasten matters there, and wishes you to get an order from Saint Louis to do so. Governor Phelps has returned, having found no enemy. He starts in the morning to act under your order. No rebels are reported in the district. The dismounted men of McNeil's brigade have plundered all the way to Lebanon and threaten to plunder that town, and their officers are few and unable to control them. I have ordered Cosgrove to use all his force if necessary and to resort to the most summary measures to enforce discipline. I supposed Captain Moore had gone; have sent for him, but as yet his company cannot be found here. Cassairt has not come in yet. How would it do to post the there companies of the Forty-sixth at Sand Spring to escort train from there in, and have a part of Governor Phelps' command so located as to escort between Sand Spring and Wardens, and Cosgrove from Lebanon to Wardens?

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

