HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., November 6 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

Your dispatch of last night is received. No post train was captured. The three trains that passed Lebanon on the 3rd were loaded with quartermaster's stores. Major Cosgrove reports that subsistence train left Rolla on the 2nd. I ordered Major Rush (Colonel McMahan being at Marshfield) to move at once toward Rolla with every mounted man of his command, to find the three quartermaster trains, and escort them in unless they were so near here, as is reported, that they would not need his escort. In that case to push on until he met the subsistence train and to escort it in. Governor Phelps has not yet returned, but I have issued orders to General Holland in accordance with your dispatch. Colonel Cameron starts at once with the Second Arkansas Cavalry, Colonel Phelps being quite unwell. Lieutenant Wakefield is starting with them men of the Eighth. There are but seventy-five mounted men at this post for duty this morning. Captain Ball is ordered to Ozark with orders to keep his men constantly employed. Captain Cassairt will be in soon. Is he to be sent to Lebanon under your directions not to weaken that post any more?

WM. T. KITTREDGE

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Numbers 296. Springfield, Mo., November 6, 1864.

I. Captain Jackson Ball, commanding Company C, Sixth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, will, upon receipt of this order, proceed with his command to Ozark, Mo., and assume command of that post, retaining his headquarters there until further order. He will take his camp and garrison equipage, 100 rounds of ammunition per man, and as many day's rations as can be carried. He is directed to keep his command constantly employed scouting the country and damaging the enemy wherever it is possible to do so. He will send to his post for rations when he needs them.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier General John B. Sanborn:

WM. T. KITTREDGE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CASSVILLE, November 6, 1864-4.25 .m.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

I arrived here this afternoon with the Fifth Cavalry, Merrill's Horse, and Seventh Kansas Cavalry, aggregate 587. The other three regiment are either on the road or will be up in a day or two: unaccountable delay in horseshoeing. Nothing of the enemy's movements but what General Sanborn has telegraphed you. Our movements from here will be regulated by supplies. I greatly fear the belly impediment will stop our further progress.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

