
in my last dispatch that two boats had been destroyed is incorrect. All Government stores had been removed from Lexington across the river before the rebels entered the town.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Cavalry Force.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. CAVALRY FORCE,In the Field on Blackwater, October 17, 1864-2.15 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: This command is entirely out of subsistence, and some of Catherwood's brigade have been out for three days. I have sent back a full regiment to escort a train to the command, and hope it will be up during the night. There is no doubt that General Price is at Waverly this evening and Shelby is moving on his left about eight miles north of Cook's Store with upward of 4,000 men. All seem to be moving toward Lexington and I expect the rebel army will encamp there to-morrow. I shall remain here waiting for supplies and shall scout the country. The foregoing information has just been received from Major Kelly, who has been reconnoitering the enemy's position and movements to-day. When I ordered the movement back to this position I feared that the enemy was moving south through Marshall, and designed passing through Sedalia. I designed then moving still farther south, but now shall halt here and move forward as soon as supplies are obtained.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., October 17, 1864.

Major COSGROVE, Lebanon:

General Rosecrans directs that half rations be issued to the troops. Act accordingly.

J. D. BRUTSCHE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 17, 1864-9 p.m.

Brigadier General C. B. HOLLAND,

Enrolled Missouri Militia, Springfield, Mo.:

If you are in command of Enrolled Militia actually on duty in Springfield, you are entitled to command the town. District affairs not to be interfered with. At all events do your best.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

