
CASSVILLE, November 6, 1864-4.25 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

Winslow's brigade, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Benteen, is with General Curtis below Fayetteville, Ark.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., November 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General HOLLAND,

Commanding Fourth District Enrolled Missouri Militia:

GENERAL: Dispatches received last night from General Sanborn direct me to have Colonel John S. Phelps move with his regiment in such a way as to intercept and strike the forces of the enemy that are moving regard to the line of march and of operations as may seen to you best calculated to bring about this result. The Second Arkansas Cavalry and Eighth Missouri State Militia have been ordered to the front, and the Sixth Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia has been sent toward Rolla to escort the train in. The services of every available man, therefore, will be needed here for ordinary escort duty, and I do not see how any of the militia can be spared.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEBANON, November 6, 1864.

Captain KITTREDGE:

A portion of Major Leonard's command have got in. He says his men are taking everything in the shape of provisions along the road, and the officers cannot prevent them, and that they intend to plunder this town. I shall have a strong provost guard.

JOHN COSGROVE,

Major, Commanding Post.

BOONVILLE, November 6, 1864-8.15 p.m.

Colonel JOHN V. Du Bois,

Chief of Staff:

Steamers have just arrived from Jefferson City with supplies. I am now crossing my cannon over to the north side the river, and shall reach Glasgow tomorrow morning, putting up the telegraph line en route. Several guerrilla bands have recently crossed from North Missouri to this side. The largest concentration of the rascals that I can learn of in my district is in Chariton County near Bowling Green. I shall be after them tomorrow, and will push through to my headquarters and reorganize the disordered affairs of my district as rapidly as possible.

CLINTON B. FISK

Brigadier-General.

