
I hope to make General Thomas strong enough to drive Beauregard

back. If so, it is exceedingly important that his communications and supplies be cut off in Mississippi. Sherman will be able to take care of him if he falls back into Georgia.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 277. Washington, November 7, 1864.

I. By direction of the President, all troops on the east bank of the Mississippi River are detached from their several department and corps commands, and will report to Major-General Canby, or to such commander as he may direct.

II. The Sixteenth Army Corps,as a corps organization, is hereby abolished.

III. Brevet Major-General Emory is appointed to the command of the Nineteenth Army Corps, headquarters with the army of General Sheridan, in the field. All detachments of organizations of this corps serving with General Emory, left in the Department of the Gulf, will be sent to the headquarters of the corps, via Washington.

IV. The organization known as the Nineteenth Corps, in the Military Division of West Mississippi, is abolished, and the troops composing it will be organized as Major-General Canby may direst.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS&gt; MILITARY DIVISION IF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Kingston, Ga., November 7,. 1864.

Major-General CANBY,

New Orleans:

Beauregard has left Georgia altogether and shifted across to the neighborhood of Florence, Ala., threatening to invade Tennessee. We are all ready for him there, and I have still an army with witch to go on. If you hear I have destroyed Atlanta, and marched south, be prepared with beats to send me supplies from Pontchartrain, and have the navy to look out for my fires and rocket signals along the east shore of Mobile Bay as high up as old Blakely.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General

GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, AND C., Numbers 73.Little Rock, Ark., November 7, 1864.

The following organization of the personal, general, and attached staff of the major-general commanding is announced for the information and guidance of all concerned:

Personal:

Major Charles T. Scammon, senior aide-de-camp; Captain Jules C. Webber, aide-de-camp; Captain Frederick Sommer, aide-de-camp.

