
LITTLE ROCK, ARK., November 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General ANDREWS, Devall's Bluff:

Send what there is of the Ninth Kansas Calvary now in camp to Lewisburg by the most direct route. They will be furnished with a least ten day's rations. They will report to General West or Colonel Mizner. When the scout of 200 men of the Ninth Kansas returns send a scout to Batesville from Colonel Clopper's command, and from which you relieve the pickets of the Ninth Kansas now on duty. Telegraph Colonel Mizner at Brownsville when the Ninth Kansas will leave camp.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK., November 7, 1864-7.15 p.m.

Captain C. H. DYER, Little Rock:

Captain Claflin, at station seven miles out on railroad, reports that a corporal and two privates of Company A (one mile beyond) were captured, probably yesterday, at Mr. Wright's, two miles and a half from camp white absent without leave, and have not since been heard from. I do not exactly comprehend the following portion of your dispatch of 3 p. m.:

When the scout of the 200 men of the Ninth Kansas returns send a scout to Batesville from Colonel Clopper's command, and which you will relieve the pickets of the Ninth Kansas now on duty.

What is to be done with the 200 men for Ninth Kansas when they return?

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK., November 7, 1864.

Colonel E. LYNDE,

Commanding Ninth Kansas:

COLONEL: I am directed by General Carr to send 200 of your men on an important scout. I trust by having your picket relieved, and other details, you can make up the number. Have an immediate inspection, and report as soon as possible the effective force you can send to-day. Ten day's rations will be taken.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., November 7, 1864-3.15 p. m.

Colonel E. LYNDE,

Commanding Ninth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry:

Send without delay all of your available force to Lewisburg by the nearest direct route, with at least ten day's rations, o report to Brigadier-General West or Colonel Mizner. Inform these headquarters when the party leaves your camp.

By order of Brigadier General C. C. Andrews:

CHAS. E. HOWE,

Captain, Twelfth Michigan Infantry, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

