HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., November 7, 1864.

Colonel MIZNER,

Commanding, Brownsville Station, Ark.:

A part of the Ninth Kansas Cavalry is ordered to report to you, and will arrive to-night. You will take 600 men of your own regiment and the Ninth Kansas Calvary and move to-morrow morning to Lewisburg, where you will receive further orders. Should the Ninth Kansas Calvary not arrive, you will leave orders for it to follow. You should take as many rations as possible, at least ten day's. Should you hear of any considerable force of the enemy while on your route you will march against and attack them, sending information to these headquarters, but you will not allow yourself to be drawn out of your way any small bodies of bushwhackers.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Numbers 105. Little Rock, Ark., November 7, 1864.

I. Brigadier General J. R. West, commanding Cavalry Division, Seventh Army Corps, will proceed to Lewisburg with all the cavalry that can be spared from the vicinity of Little Rock, leaving enough for pickets and patrols. On arriving at Lewisburg, General West will assume command of all the forces in that region belonging to this district, including the commands of Colonel Mizner, Colonel Geiger, and Colonel Ryan, and use them to the best interest of the service.

* * *

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,

Fort Smith, Ark., November 7, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,

Little Rock, Ark.:

SIR: Your dispatch of October 29 was received here yesterday. General Herron, Colonel Sackett, and others arrived here to-day. They think the train crossed at Dardanelle, and I have sent down two regiments on this side to meet it. Price was at Cane Hill on Friday, the 4th instant. I think he is aiming to cross the Arkansas at the mouth of the Illinois (Webber's Falls). I took a force across the river with the view of moving up to attack him as crossed the river, but finding Cooper threatening Fort Smith I brought my force back. Within my fortifications we are safe against Price and Cooper both and shall hold Fort Smith. I have no fears.

On the 19th of October directed Colonel Harrison, at Fayetteville, to move with his command to his place if he found that Price was approaching Fayetteville. Harrison has not complied with my order, and I have not heard from him since Price reached Cane Hill. Deserters from Price's army report that Fayetteville has not been taken. Price has moved very leisurely since the battle of Newtonia, and deserters say that our forces are not pursuing him.

