
I directed Colonel Wattles to hold Fort Gibson, as it is strongly fortified, but that if he was likely too be overpowered to retire into the Nation and save his command. It would not have been good policy to have attempted to bring the Indians here, as it disorganizes them to take them away from the Nation. Will send you the Eleventh Colored with the train when it returns.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., November 7, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Mil. Div. od West Mississippi, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I inclose for your information, although I presume you have seen if before, a copy of dispatch I have just received from Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi*. I think it proper to remind you that I have two colored infantry regiment still at Saint Charles, Ark. There will be a decrease of 1,000 men more when I receive your orders regarding the Marine Brigade. There is at each of the post of Miliken's Bend and Goodrich's Landing only one regiment of infantry and a light battery. I sent Colonel E. D. Osband, Third U. S. Colored, last night with 1,000 cavalry and a section of artillery to report to Major General J. J. Reynolds, commanding Nineteenth Army Corps, at Gaines' Landing. As I am now informed that Tennessee, has ordered quarters prepared for him at Memphis, and as your are reported there, I have thought I should best accomplish your instructions and wishes by remaining here until I hear further from your.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., November 7, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: Yours of the 4th is received. All the boats here suitable for White River will be sent down at once. I understand that there are four. All is quiet here. I have advices from Corinth as late as the 4th; but few troops then there. Cars from Mobile brought up the day before conscripts and absentees for Hood's army, who proceeded on east by rail. The whereabouts of Hood is not known. Forrest is in Middle Tennessee. The last heard from him he was near Fort Heiman, on Tennessee River. I shall not be surprised if he should plant batteries above here, at Randolph or Fort Pillow. I have only a defensive force here. Now that Price is driven out of Missouri, I have

---------------

*See Vol. XXXIX, Part III, p. 527

---------------

