
asked that General A. J. Smith's command and Winslow's cavalry be sent back here, but General Rosecrans says that he has been ordered to send General Smith to report to General Thomas at Nashville.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, Mi., November 7, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The latest dispatches from Generals McNeil and Sanborn represent that, while Fagan and Price have gone south, toward Cane Hill and the Indian Nation, citizens living south of the Boston Mountains, coming into Fayetteville, report cannonading in the direction of Fort Smith on the 4th and 5th, supposed to be a demonstration to cover Price's passage toward the Arkansas crossing. Part of Shelby's and Freeman's have got to Northern Arkansas, and bands of rebels from Missouri are passing between our cavalry and Springfield, on their communications. The cavalry is out of supplies as well as forage, and its advance promises on substantial good, but, on the contrary, much evil to the service. Under all the circumstances of the route, I think no doubt can arise that it ought to return and clear the route, to send supplies to Springfield, which is now destitute, before the roads become bad; but orders from the General-in-Chief, which I request as soon as practicable.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., November 7, 1864- 12 midnight.

Major-General CANBY,

White River:

Yours of the 4th received. Lieutenant-General Grant has ordered me to send General A. J. Smith's entire command to Major General George H. Thomas, in Middle Tennessee, and Winslow's cavalry goes with it. Hood is at Florence fortifying and making a tete-de-pont. Forrest is at Johnsonville, on the Tennessee-that is, in front of it. Major-General Schofield is there too hold the place. Price has now been brought to grief, and was south of Cane Hill, in the Indian Nation, on the 5th instant. Will send report.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SPACIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI.

Numbers 309. Saint Louis, Mo., November 7, 1864.

* * * * * * *

6. Colonel J. B. Moore, commanding division, Seventeenth Army Corps, will proceed with his command to this city by the shortest possible route and with the least practicable delay, reporting to Major General A. J. Smith, commanding Right Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps. The quartermaster's department will furnish necessary transportation, and will

