
see that no time is lost by delay in connections by train or boats. The transportation of the command will be turned over to Captain T. Case, assistant quartermaster, except so much only as is absolutely necessary to enable it to preform the journey to this point. Colonel Moore will report the receipt and execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 95. Fayette, Mo., November 7, 1864.

* * * * * * * * *

II. The One hundred and seventeenth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Colonel R. M. Moore commanding, will proceed upon a scouting expedition at 6 a. m. to-morrow, to Landmark, Mo., clearing the country of the enemy upon the line of mach. Colonel Moore will take with him his regiment wagons and two day's rations, taking from disloyal citizen such amount of fresh beef as may required, passing his receipts with remarks accordingly. The regiment will rejoin the division from the point designated by the most practicable and expeditions route.

II. The Forty-ninth Illinois volunteer Infantry, Colonel P. Pease commanding, will proceed upon a scouting expedition at 6 a. m to-morrow to Franklin, Mo., arresting all rebels found to be soldiers, and thoroughly scouring the line of march of guerrillas. Colonel Pease will take with him his regiment wagons and be supplied with two day's rations. He will furnish his command with fresh beef when required, taken from disloyal residents, passing receipts with such remarks as may be applicable. The regiment will rejoin the column by the most practicable route and as soon as possible.

By order of Colonel D. Moore:

JAMES B. COMSTOCK,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 238 Saint Louis, Mo., November 7, 1864.

* * * * * * *

2. Pursuant to instructions from the major-general commanding the department, the Tenth Kansas Volunteers will disembark and report to Colonel J. H. Barker for temporary duty.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 57. Jefferson City, Mo., November 7, 1864

This command will march to Saint Louis, staring to-morrow morning and each morning thereafter, unless otherwise ordered, at 6.30 o'clock, marching, if possible, twenty-five miles each day. The Third

