
Brigade will marek in advance to-morrow, the Second Brigade following the Third, and the First Brigade following the Second. The train will move in rear of the rear brigade, one regiment of the rear brigade marching in rear of the train as a guard. The brigades will alternate each day in advance. Commanding officers will see that no property is destroyed nor citizen molested. All property that is required for the use of the command will be taken by the authority of the proper officers and proper receipts or vouchers given in lieu thereof.

By command of Brigadier General J. McArthur:

W. H. F. RANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, November 7, 1864.

Colonel JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff:

Yours to General Pleasonton regarding Seventeenth Army Corps is received. None of them are here except a few stragglers. I will have everything ready on the arrival of the command. Dorsey's rebel command crossed near Portland on Saturday. Yesterday they were between the Gasconade and Osage, about fifteen miles from here. I informed General McArthur. They were to start cavalry in pursuit this morning. They are estimated at about 300; are robbing and plundering the country. This post is full of worn-out and sick men. The roads are horrible, and more than of the commissioned officers and men are straggling. If boats can be sent here it would be advisable, as they might be worth something there on arrival in Saint Louis, but if they march will be scattered all the way. They are much demoralized. I have seen very few officers with the men.

S. H. MELCHER,

Lieutenant-General.

[HEADQUARTERS POST,

Jefferson City, November 7, 1864.]

Captain BABCOCKE,

Tuscumbia:

I am advised that Dorsey's band of rebels are moving in your direction. They crossed at Saint Auberts Saturday night, and at 4 o'clock yesterday evening were still in the vicinity, going in the direction of Westphalia, plundering everybody. I think they may be in your vicinity this evening. A force of infantry has gone to Westphalia; should send cavalry if I hand them. The force is represented at 200, mostly conscripts and recruits. I hope you will head them.

Respectfully,

S. H. MELCHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., November 7, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Rolla:

A large detachment of dismounted men from General McNeil's command are on the road to Rolla They have stolen horses, robbed citizens, and personal property of all kinds, taken Government forage from

