HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,In the Field, Cassville, November 7, 1864-12 m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department:

I have received dispatches from General Curtis, at Prairie Grove, 7 p. m. 5th instant. He reports that General Fagan, with his command and three cannon, passed that way toward Cane Hill, and that Freeman and others went toward Huntsville. A reconnaissance from Fayetteville have come in who report that they left Price in cincinnati Tuesday morning, and that he was moving southwest. Citizens from south of Boston Mountains report artillery firing at Fort Smith on the 4th and 5th instant. No doubt a demonstration on that position while Price should cross the Arkansas. General McNeil's command is the only force here that has not gone forward, and is in bad shape to make the campaign. I think it should go to Rolla, and refit. Subsistence supplies are getting very short, but I think we will get along without serious difficulty.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., November 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Cassville:

Company L, Sixth Provisional, has just arrived. The lieutenant commanding reports that he has not seventeen mounted men, and that many of these horses can go but little farther. The company has been scouting constantly, and the horses are worn out. I have directed them to rest till morning. Shall they come on then? Fifteen men of this company left here for Cassville yesterday. Subsistence train has reached Lebanon, and is coming on, strongly guarded. Have sent messenger after Cassairt.

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., November 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Cassville:

Captain Taylor has come in from a scout and reports no enemy to be found. I have ordered his company (M, Sixth Provisional) to Wardens, and the mounted men of the Sixth Cavalry to Sand Spring. I have no other mounted force until Major Rush returns. Have sent orders to Major Murphy to-day, at Newtonia, to get wagons from Mount Vernon and sent wounded, &amp;c., through as rapidly as possible. It is reported that McCullough's house has been burned, a Union man killed, and the forage at a stage station between here and Cassville used up by men of McNeil's command. Complaints come in constantly from citi

