
zens between here and Lebanon,but the mischief has been done and the guilty persons are not known. Colonel Brutsche starts to-morrow with prisoners. Captain Moore reports that mounted men left yesterday for Cassville. He will start in the morning, and Doctor Brother with him, so Surgeon Maynard says. Cassairt has not yet come in.

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Cassville, November 7, 1864.

Captain WILLIAM T. KITTREDGE:

Have Cosgrove get list of names of all officers and men of General McNeil's brigade charged with plunder, that the amount of damage done may be stopped against their pay, in the discretion of the Government. Give Captain See an order to proceed to Rolla to look after the subsistence stores if he thinks he can accomplish anything by going to that place. Keep the three companies of the Forty-sixth at Springfield to do post duty and send all the mounted force to Sand Spring and Wardens Station to escort trains from these points to Springfield and parol the reads. I will send forward 8,000 rations from Fayetteville to-day from my train, there being [none] at that post.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Numbers 297. Springfield, Mo., November 7, 1864.

I. The commanding officer of the Sixth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, will, upon receipt of his order, send the mounted men of his command now here to Sand Spring, Mo. As far as possible these men will be organized by companies, and a suitable number of officers will be sent with them. The senior officer sent will assume command of that post, with instructions to escort all trains from Sand spring to this post and to patrol the read. Camp and garrison equipage will be taken, as well fifteen day's rations and 100 rounds of ammunition per man. The commanding officer will report to these headquarters the number of officers and men under this order.

II. Cap. George W. Taylor, commanding Company M, Sixth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, will, upon receipt of this order, proceed with his command to Wardens Station, Mo., and assume command o that post, until further orders, patrolling the read and escorting trains between that post and Stand Spring. He will take with him his camp and garrison equipage, fifteen day's rations, and 100 rounds of ammunition per man.

III. Captain Allen, commanding company, Forty-sixth Missouri Volunteer Infantry, will remain with his command at Mount Vernon, Mo., until further orders, reporting for duty to the commanding officer of that post.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier General J. B. Sanborn:

WM. T. KITTREDGE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

