
SIOUX CITY, IOWA, November 7, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I learn that the expedition against Indians is now at an end, but still some 2,000 or 3,000 men are retained at the different military posts on and near the Missouri River, above this place. This number of men, in my opinion, is not required for this service. At least 1,000 can be spared for service elsewhere. I believe I understand the situation, and I do not like to see these men retained here when they are needed so much elsewhere. The officers and men of the Sixth Iowa Cavalry, as I am informed, desire to go south, and I request that this regiment be ordered south immediately. It is not needed in this field of service. You are aware that always advised a less force in this service than has been employed. If sent south it should be done at once, before winter commences.

Very respectfully,

A. W. HUBBARD.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 15, 1864

Respectfully referred to Major-General Pope.

All troops that can be spared for the winter should be sent to Nashville, Tenn., till further orders. Please report what are retained and what sent to the field.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 180. Milwaukee, Wis., November 7, 1864

* * * *

IV. Brigadier General C. T. Campbell, U. S. Volunteers, is temporarily assigned to command of the Military District of Wisconsin, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly. If in his opinion it should be necessary, General Campbell will assume command of the troops at Camp Washburn.

By command of Major-General Pope:

J. F. MELINE,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WADSWORTH, DAK. TERR.,

November 7, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Paul, Minn:

CAPTAIN: Yours of October 26 and 28, and extract IV, Special Orders, Numbers 223, came to hand yesterday. In my dispatch for October 27 I notified you that I had sent to Fort Ridgely the second company (Company M), with their horses. I regret its being contrary to the general's wishes, but it was really necessary, as it was impossible for Company H to take down with its own horses more than those of

31 R R-VOL XLI, PT IV

