
Companies B and C; and the horses of another company had to be disposed of, and, as I have previously stated, I consider even three companies ample force to hold this post, and if Company F, First U. S. Volunteer Infantry, comes up we will certainly be strong enough, and we cannot accommodate more than four companies this winter. I find that it will be almost impossible to build a stockade around this fort on account of [scarcity of] timber. We will require all the suitable timber in reach building purposes, and it will also be necessary to keep this little mill constantly employed in making lumber for the buildings. I am having made in place of stockade an embankment, to be sodded, and two 8-inch beams on top, the lower one to be pierced for musketry, when completed to be eight feet high, and with a ditch nine feet wide in front, the entrances to have substantial gates, and the upper story of both bastions pierced for musketry, so the ditches can be swept by both artillery and musketry. The above works can be built with much less trouble and expense and in far less time than a good stockade, and when finished will be far more substantial and efficient, and we can with a small force bid defiance to all the Indians in the Northwest. I have no special reason to anticipate an attack, but shall always keep a good lookout and be prepared for anything that may turn up. Saturday night a messenger was sent in from the they field to inform me that after dark a half-breed came to the camp and told them that he had been told by two friendly Indians from up country that the Indians were getting together to attack the camp. I sent out Lieutenant Hunt, with twenty-five cavalrymen and one mountain howitzer, to re-enforce the camp. The lieutenant sent in word to-day. All quiet up to 7 this morning. They have a strong position and have fortified. I have no fears for them. There are now here 113 public horses and 61 mules; 24 of them are kept at work at mill. We are feeding but one-fourth ration of grain to animals not working. All are doing well. Is not the adjutant the proper person to take acknowledgments in civil cases, or does a person have to be appointed for that purpose? If so, please have one appointed for this post.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. ROSE,

Major Second Minnesota Cavalry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB-DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA,Fort Ridgely, November 7, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Ass. Adjt. General Dist. of Minnesota, Saint Paul, Minn.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of the 1st instant containing final instructions for the disposition of troops in this sub-district, which have partly been carried out. Companies H and L, Second Cavalry, were ready to march immediately, but could not be dispatched for want of transportation until this morning, when on learning that part of the train from below would be in this afternoon, I kept these companies here in order to use the returning teams for transportation, as our transportation is so much scattered that we have been unable to complete the covering of the stables for want of teams. The order for Company L was directed to Lieutenant Ledden, commanding, who belongs to Company H; but as it called distinctly for Company L, that company, under Lieutenant Cronkhite, together

