
with H, will start to-morrow morning for Fort Snelling, via Henderson. Company M, Second Cavalry, which has lately reported here, was not comprised in the estimate of troops which could be accommodated at this post, but arrangements have been made to accommodate all the companies now here and expected to arrive within the next three or four days, provided orders are received to remove headquarters of the Second Cavalry to some other point, as several rooms are at present occupied by the non-commissioned staff, band, and detailed men, which are absolutely necessary for the accommodation of the companies ordered to remain here. The troops will be somewhat crowded, and if one section of the Third [Minnesota] Battery could be ordered to another post all would be quartered comfortably and conveniently. In the disposition of Captain Braxton's company I shall be able to provide forage and stabling for about sixty-five of their horses at the two nearest posts north and south of Fort Ridgely. As soon as Major Brackett arrives at this post I shall be able to ascertain what animals can be stabled,and orders for the removal of the surplus stock will then immediately be given in accordance with the instructions received.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE IF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,.

New Orleans, November 8, 1864

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Mil. Div. of West Miss., New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I have the honor to submit to your consideration a statement of the information received at this office this 8th day of November, 1864, from the following source, the statement of Mr. A. F. Roaker, from Brownsville, Tex., employed by General Herron:

Left Brownsville July 15; entered Mexico. entered Texas September 5, thirty-five miles above Eagle Pass. Went from there to San Antonio. At Brownsville, 15th of September, there were 1,000 men, Colonel Showalter's regiment, Colonels Ford's and Gidding's battalions. Colonel Benavides at Laredo, 400 strong. Major Hunter at Eagle Pass with a battalion of 300. Colonel Ford commands the District of West Texas. Only one company at San Antonio. Went from there to Columbus; from thence to Crockett, Houston County, September 28. Only three regiments, mounted, went from Texas to Arkansas, and there was no intention of sending more, for two reasons:that they could not be spared, and that the me would not go to Arkansas. Only one company at Houston and three regiments at Galveston. Only two companies at Sabine Pass. Four hundred or 500 men in charge of prisoners,who were removed about the 15th of September from Tyler to Hempstead, Houston [Waller] County. Crossed the Sabine River thirty-five miles above Niblett's Bluff; proceeded in the direction of Alexandria to within fifty miles of that place. Mr. Roaker does not believe that there are more than 5,000 men in Texas.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. JACKSON,

Second Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

