
across the Arkansas. This morning they made a cavalry dash and captured 20 of our men at coal-pit. We have no cavalry to send after them. I have ordered Colonel Dye's brigade to Brownsville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

MOUTH OF WHITE RIVER, November 8, 1864.

Major Gem. E. R. S. CANBY:

Arrived here at 7 a. m. to-day. Had interview with Captain Bacon, of the navy, last night at Gaines's Landing. A force from this place made reconnaissance there yesterday, and developed on force at Bayou Mason. Lieutenant earl two days since discovered only cavalry there. A brigade and battery had nearly all embarked for Devall's Bluff before we arrived. Will send another brigade as soon as transportation can be forwarder.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

MOUTH OF WHITE RIVER, November 8, 1864.

Major-General STEELE,

Little Rock:

Returned this morning from Vicksburg. Yours of 4th received. One brigade and a battery have nearly all gone to Devall's Bluff. Will send the remaining regiments and section of battery so soon transportation can be procured. Will also send another brigade of infantry from here as fast as I can get them up White River. Have ordered a battery of four 20-pounder Parrott guns and one of 6-inch rifles from Morganza, and will push them forward to Devall's Bluff as soon as they arrive here. Made mounted reconnaissance from Gaines's Landing yesterday, supported by infantry. Some days ago Parson's cavalry, or a part of them, were at Bayou Mason, but the last scout, which was small, did not find them. Brought up from Vicksburg 1,000 of Dana's cavalry, and left orders from them to make a thorough reconnaissance from Gaines's Landing to-day. They will do it well. I will hear from them in a day or two, and will report to you. I have a brigade just arrived here from Morganza. General Canby was on his way to see you when he was wounded by a single shot from a guerrilla about forty miles about mouth of White River, and has returned to New Orleans. The wound is high in the leg and tolerably severe, but only a flesh wound. I had a full conference with him, and am making preparations to aid you all in my power.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY EXPEDITION,

Gaines' Landing, November 8, 1864

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Nineteenth Corps:

GENERAL: I arrived with 1,000 cavalry and two pieces of artillery at 11 a. m. to day, and have been to the bayou and about here. Have

