
obtained information, that I think reliable, concerning the following facts: That Parson's whole command left Bayou Mason this morning for Monticello, 800 strong; that Wharton is twenty miles beyond with 700 to 800 men; that Major Robinson has, on Gum Ridge, from 250 to 300 men on duty with the Cotton Bureau, guarding, enforcing, &amp;c.; that no army is here to cross, ad would not if they could. I cannot make any further scout without much loss condition in my horses. The country is too full of water for any but the most important operations, and I therefore return to-morrow morning to Vicksburg.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. OSBAND,

Colonel 3rd U. S. Colored Cav., Commanding Cav. Forces, Dist. of Vicksburg.
HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier (DETACHED), 3rd DIV., 19TH A. C.,Devall's Bluff, Ark., November 8, 1864.

Captain HOWE:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state that we will march at 5 a. m. to-morrow, and to request that every facility will be given Captain Drake, who is left in charge, to forward the stores, &c., left behind. Will you be kind enough to have some one who answers the purpose of a guide to report here, that he may either accompany us or give us such information as may be necessary.

WM. McE. DYE,

Colonel, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., November 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General ANDREWS,

Devall's Bluff:

Colonel A. H. Ryan's scouts reported yesterday a force of 400 of the enemy five miles southeast of Clinton, and you will instruct your scout to Batesville to be on the alert and look out well for their left flank so as not to be cut off, but if the scout to Batesville hears of any force of the enemy, to move against them and attack them even if it does take them off their direct route.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

JNO. S. VREDENBURGH,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK., November 8, 1864-11.30 a. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Little Rock:

I will be glad of a replay to my dispatch of last night. One hundred men of Ninth Kansas, under Lieutenant-Colonel Clark, left camp for Lewisburg at 8 o'clock last evening.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

