SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 310. Saint Louis, Mo., November 8, 1864.

* * * * * * * * *

12. The Forty-seventh Illinois Volunteers, now at Schofield Barracks, in this city, will proceed at once to Chicago, ILL., and report to Colonel Sweet, commanding Camp Douglas. As soon as the emergency is passed which requires the presence of additional troops at that point the regiment will proceed to Springfield, Ill., reporting to Colonel James Oakes, to be refitted and reorganized for immediate field service. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

13. The campaign in Missouri having closed, Cap. C. C. Henry, assistant quartermaster, is hereby relieved from duty as chief quartermaster in the field. The commanding general takes this occasion to express his appreciation of the zeal and fidelity which Captain Henry has discharged the duties devolved upon him and to tender him his sincere thanks for his valuable services.

* * * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, November 8, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel MAUPIN,

Commanding Third Sub-District, Pilot Knob, Mo.:

I am instructed by the major-general commanding the department to direct that you notify all persons who have been notified by you to leave the district that the order of banishment is suspended until further inquiry is made as to the justice and expediency of the order in each case. You will at the same time designate a day on or before which the persons notified shall present evidence of loyalty, or refute the accusations against them.

You will let your provost-marshal aided by such officer or officers as you may designate, take the evidence in writing, and report it to you with their opinion. You will then send it to me with your opinion. Orders will then be issued by the major-general commanding the department, banishing such as he thinks should be banished. The proof may be in the shape of letters, or other informal evidence, though affidavits should be taken when practicable.

THOMAS EWING, Jr.,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy to Lieutenant-Colonel Hiller, commanding Second Sub-District, Cape Girardeau.)

JEFFERSON CITY, November 8, 1864.

(Received 12 noon 9th.)

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff:

The Missouri River is rising rapidly. The brigade at Gray's Creek is washed away. The Moreau is running fifteen feet deep. I presume the command of General McArthur is between the Osage and Gasconade. Most of the Seventeenth Army Corps will leave to-day. I have 1,000 stragglers, convalescents, &amp;c., awaiting transportation.

S. H. MELCHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Sixth Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

