
ROLLA, November 8, 1864.

Major FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

From 300 to 400 rebels, partly unarmed, were last night at 11 o' clock five miles northwest of Vienna. Have sent all the available militia and cavalry, ninety-five men, to intercept them.

S. SIGEL,

Colonel, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 237. Warrensburg, Mo., November 8, 1864.

1. Commanding officers of posts or stations within this district will at once proceed to select suitable grounds in the vicinity of their respective stations', and cause to be erected thereon by the troops of the command comfortable huts as quarters for men, and a sufficient number of sheds for the shelter of the horses of the command and other public animals. Soldiers will not be allowed to enter the town except on passes issued by the commanding officers of the station, and not more that two for each company will be issued on the same day.

2. All regiments and companies of Enrolled Missouri Militia now on duty within this district, with the exception of the companies organized under General Orders, Numbers 107, current series, headquarters Department of the Missouri, and the two companies referred to in Special Orders, Numbers 235, current series, from these headquarters, are hereby retired from active service. Colonel L. Zevely, commanding Second Military District, Enrolled Missouri Militia, will see that all Government property now in the possession of the troops of his command is at once transferred to the proper officers, and that the several commands are relieved from active service with the least possible de J.

By order of Colonel John F. Philips, commanding:

J. H. STEGER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, November 8, 1864

Major G. W. KELLY,

Sedalia:

Have ordered all detachments of your command at Jefferson City to move with train to Sedalia.

By order, &amp;c.:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., November 8, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN B. SANBORN,

Cassville, Mo.:

SIR: Major Melton, with detachment of cavalry, arrived here this forenoon. Price turned westward from Cane Hill. My impression was that he would strike the Arkansas at Webber's Falls, at the mouth of

