
the Illinois River. I crossed the Arkansas here with a force to move out and attack him, but having reason to believe that General Cooper would move up to attack this place with about 7,000 men, I was obliged to bring my forces back. My scouts from Webber's Falls, and also messengers through from Gibson last night, found no trail of any force having gone to the Arkansas. I am therefore led to believe that Price struck to the west of Gibson, via Tahlequah and Park Hill. Major Melton reports Curtis in close pursuit. Within my fortifications here I could resist Price and Cooper united. I have subsistence enough to last till the middle od December. A train of supplies is now on the way here. I am very grateful to you for your efforts to aid me.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours &amp;c.,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S. - I have plenty of ammunition.

J. M. T.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., December 3, 1864.

The within official communication from General Thayer, commanding at Fort Smith, is respectfully forwarded, with the request that it be attached to and made a part of my report* of the operations of the troops under my command, while I was reporting to and acting under the immediate orders of the department commander, as there is some misunderstanding as to the time that troops from this command reached Fort Smith. This dispatch was received by me at 3 p. m. on the 9th day of November last as Cassville, Mo.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., November 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Cassville:

Cosgrove reports a rumor that a body of rebels are crossing the road to-day, but I cannot hear from them from any other source and the wires still work. The prisoners started this morning with as large a guard as I could raise. Governor Phelps has not yet moved, and will not before to-morrow night. Sixty wagons left Rolla to-day with orders to make thirty miles a day. Scout Martin has got in and could find nothing. Have sent a train to Newtonia for wounded, &c. Captain Cassairt has reached Lebanon this morning. Captain See says he can send one of these trains right through, if you desire it. Shall Cassairt move on from Lebanon?

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General

---------------

* See Part I, p. 393

---------------

