
with Colonel Carson, mainly because it was desirable, when so many coalitions are forming between the various Indian tribes against the whites, to have savages of the mountains committed on our side as against the Indians of the plains. This subject seemed to be the peculiar province of the military department, which is charged with the protection of the people. It may not be improper to inform you that I myself was in command of the troops at Albuquerque in 1856 when the Comanches and Kiowas visited that town. I gave them an ox and some flour and sugar and coffee, and had a talk with them. Inclosed please find a copy of letter* from the department headquarters to myself in relation to them. It is to be regretted that from no cause on the part of the military there has come to exist a state of affairs between ourselves officially which seems to preclude the idea of much cordiality in consultation or in co-operation, but my earnest efforts shall continue and the whole of my ability be given to protect the persons and property of the people residing within this department from Indian aggressions, even though, unhappily, there be not such a condition of harmony between ourselves as public officers as might be desirable.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, November 9, 1864.

Brigadier General R. A. CAMERON,

Commanding La Fourche District:

Brigadier-General Sherman direct me to say to you that Captain Allgower reports that the old magazine at Berwick has not been destroyed, but that only some parts of it have been taken down, and that the intrenchments are left in their original condition. Whatever you may think necessary to be done in order to prevent an enemy from making advantageous use of that side of the river, the general wishes you would have promptly done. The commanding officer on the spot should see to these matters.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, November 9, 1864.

Brigadier General W. P. BENTON,

\comdg. District of Baton Rouge and Port Hudson:

The commanding general desires me to acknowledge receipt of your letter of 7th instant, relating to the affair at Plaquemine-running horses through the lines, two companies of the enemy's cavalry at or near the post opposite Donaldsonville, and the construction of the order sealing the lines. In regard to the affair at Plaquemine, the general has already caused instructions to be sent you. In addition to them, he desires me to say that he does not consider it possible to remove the restrictions upon trade that he has established until he

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

32 R R-VOL XLL, PT IV.

