
has looked more fully into the matter. The general approves the course taken by you to prevent the stealing and running through the lines of horses, also for the arrest of persons engaged therein. He also approves of the means taken to watch the companies of rebel cavalry reported in your command. In these matters the general relies upon your vigilance and energy. In the matter of the sealing of the lines, your understanding, to will, "that absolute non-intercourse, except for military purposes, was the order," the commanding general desires me to say, is correct.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MORGANZA, November 9, 1864.

(Received 6 p. m.)

Lieutenant-Colonel CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The general desires that the Second Connecticut Light Battery, now stationed at New Orleans, shall be ordered to report to General Reynolds, at the mouth of White River. Please issue the order. General Davidson will have telegraphed you of the general's accident. He is getting on quite comfortably.

Respectfully,

B. F. MOREY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Gun-boat Cricket, Mississippi River, November 9, 1864.

Brigadier General M. K. LAWLER,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Morganza, La.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs thet the battalion Twenty-eight Illinois Infantry, the Fourth Massachusetts Light Battery, and Company A, First Indiana Artillery (four 20-pounder Parrotts), be at once embarked for the mouth of White River, to be reported by their respective commanders on their arrival at that point to Major-General Reynolds.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. MOREY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, ark., November 9, 1864

Major Gem. E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: I will inclose copies of dispatches* containing all the information I have in regard to the recent movements of Price's troops. It is mu opinion that Shelby's command is intact. He has four pieces

---------------

*See Ryan to Dyer (3), November 8; Geiger Dyer, 3 p. m. 8th, and Andrews to Dyer, 4.30 p. m. 8th, pp. 489, 490, 489, 487.

---------------

