
of artillery. He will probably move down White River and threaten Devall's Bluff, or take his old station at Sulphur Rock. There is a rumor that he is going to Batesville. Price may strike into the Indian Territory, between Forts Gibson and Smith, move on Fort Smith, or attempt to cross the Arkansas between Fort Smith and Lewisburg. The river is now fordable at many points. I believe that Price will endeavor to evade our troops. The gun heard by Colonel Ryan was probably a signal to Price from rebel troops on the south side of the river. I will send you another dispatch by the first boat down White River. There is now a prospect of several feet rise in the Arkansas and White Rivers. Our telegraph wires are all down this morning, due probably to the storm of last night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mouth of White River, Ark., November 9, 1864-8 p.m.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Department of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I send telegram* received this p. m. from General Halleck. A regiment and section of battery start for Devall's Bluff at 6 a. m. to-morrow. More boats are coming from Memphis, and another brigade will be sent up as fast as possible. Nothing from my cavalry reconnaissance at Gaines' Landing. Am expecting to hear at any moment and will advise.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Mouth of White River, Ark., Numbers 15. November 9, 1864

1. In accordance with instructions from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, dated November 1 instant, the Seventh Kentucky Volunteers, now at Devall's Bluff, Ark., will proceed without delay to Baton Rouge, La., and be reported to the commanding general Department of the Gulf for consolidation with the Nineteenth and Twenty-second Kentucky Volunteers. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

2. In accordance with instructions from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, dated November 1 instant, the Twenty-second Kentucky Volunteers, now at, [will] proceed without delay to Baton Rouge, Le., and be reported to the commanding general Department of the Gulf, for consolidation with the Seventh and Nineteenth Kentucky Volunteers. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * * * * * * * *

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

S. C. FARRINGTON,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Halleck to Reynolds, November 4, p. 425.

---------------

