HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., November 9, 1864-11.30 a. m.

Captain C. H. DYER, Little Rock:

The Eighth Illinois Infantry, 420 men, Major Wheaton commanding, has arrived. Have ordered if into camp, in compliance with General Steele's orders to me. Major Wheaton reports the Thirtieth Missouri and Seventy-sixth Illinois on they way. These troops belong to First Brigade, Second Division, Nineteenth Army Crops. Am reliably informed that Major-General Canby was shot and severely wounded by a guerrilla the other day while on the deck of gun-boat 6, near mouth of White River. Major-General Canby was on his way up the river, but back. Major-Greeno's scout got off about 8 this morning. Colonel W. McE. Dye's command started for Brownsville about the same time. Severe rain-storm here last night.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Copy to General Steele.)
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Lewisburg, November 9, 1864-9 p. m.

Colonel W. F. GEIGER, Commanding Third Brigade, Dardanelle:

COLONEL: I have arrived here with 550 cavalry from Little Rock and assumed command. Mizner should be at Springfield to-night or to-morrow. He will probably remain there and send scouts to Kinderhook. Reports here that Shelby engaged the garrison at Fayetteville last Friday in order to cover Price's retreat to Cane Hill. Also that Price was moving toward the Indian Nation. I think some of this doubtful. Ryan has a scout at Dover, and as I do know your surrounding I merely suggest to you to watch a ford called Ivy, six miles below Roseville. It is possible that Magruder might send up in your direction, so keep a watch to the south. You will notice that we can combine about 3,00 men. Let me know immediately how much rations you have. Send here for some; we can spare it. What are the supplies of forage with you? Keep me advised of everything.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

J. R. WEST

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.- I expect that Colonel River will remove to Mrs. Lewis', fifteen miles up the river, to-morrow.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, CAVALRY DIV., 7TH., ARMY CORPS,Norristown, Ark., November 9, 1864-5. p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock, Ark.:

Arrived here this a. m. at 9 o' clock; find no enemy. Have scouting parties in all directions. Scouts from Fort Smith have just arrived who say Price was crossing the Arkansas at Webber's Falls, thirty miles above Fort Smith. I have taken some deserters, who say they left Price at Cane Hill, and that he was moving down the State line. I do not think he intends to try to cross here. Shelby has lost none of his artillery.

W. F. GEIGER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

