
V. Captain Robert L. Butts, commanding Company D, Sixth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, now at Marshfield, Mo., will, upon receipt of this order, report with all the available mounted men of his command to Lieutenant-Colonel McMahan for service in the field. As many rations will be taken as can be carried, but no wagons.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier General John B. Sanborn:

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Fayetteville, Ark., November 9, 1864-9 p. m.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Commanding Division, in the Field:

The train arrived safely this evening. We learn to-day that Brooks, with the command that was east of us, has moved for the river. No word from Colonel Curtis yet. Major Melton, Second Arkansas Cavalry, dispatches to us from Fort Smith that Price is across the Arkansas River, and all quiet at the fort.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. MAYNARD,

Lieutenant and Acting Adjutant.

MEXICO, November 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

Bridges all guarded on North Missouri Railroad. Will send Thirty-ninth Regiment to Macon on first train. Colonel Dorsey has been south of me for ten days with from 400 to 600 men.

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., November 9, 1864.

Major R. H. ROSE,

Commanding Fort Wadsworth, Dak. Terr.:

MAJOR: Your dispatch of 30th ultimo has been received. You have already been informed that Lieutenant-Colonel Adams has been ordered to establish a station midway between Forts Wadsworth and Abercrombie. If the crossing of rivers can be avoided on the route between the posts, that is desirable. The name of Gabriel Renville was omitted from the last list of scouts, as he was supposed to be already included in a previous order. Red Feather and his people should be placed with Gabriel Renville's camp. Major Brown will be instructed as to the measures to be taken with reference to the treaty stipulations, &amp;c., with them. They will, of course, having voluntarily come in, be under the general protection of the military authorities. In your reports of men on such detached duty as you mention they should be included as a part of your available force, but on daily duty.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

