
NEW ORLEANS, November 10, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Major-General Canby, while going up the White River on Sunday morning last, to direct matters in Arkansas, was fired upon by guerrillas and wounded in the upper part of the thigh. The wound is a severe and painful one, but fortunately not dangerous. He arrived here safely this afternoon, and will receive the best care, under Mrs. Canby's own superintendence. His mental faculties are entirely unaffected, and, with his admirable powers of endurance and strength of mind, we hope he will be about in a few weeks. After he was wounded he consulted fully with General Reynolds at the mouth of White River, and it is confidently believed that this accident will in no way interfere with the direction of affairs in this division.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 181. New Orleans, La., November 10, 1864.

I. The Second Connecticut Light Battery, now stationed in this city, will proceed to the mouth of White River, to be reported by its commanding officer on its arrival there to Major General J. J. Reynolds, commanding Nineteenth Army Corps. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT SMITH, IND. TERR., November 10, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, New Orleans:

Since writing you last, Major-General Blunt has arrived here, bringing the latest and most reliable news about the pursuit of Price. As a messenger starts to-morrow for Little Rock, I give you such information as I can get, thinking it may prove of interest. After the battle near Fort Scott, some dispute arose between Curtis and Rosecrans regarding the command of the troops, and Rosecrans' forces were recalled from the pursuit and ordered to their respective districts. General Curtis, it seems, then determined to abandon to pursuit, but a dispatch was received from Washington peremptorily ordering the entire force to pursue to the Arkansas River. Some time was thus lost, and Price got a fair start, but by rapid marching day and night he was pressed from one point to another, and, although not brought again to battle, was forced to burn all the train he had left. From Fort Scott he took an easterly route, hoping to take in the garrisons at Cassville, Mo., and Fayetteville, Ark. The troops at Cassville evacuated and the next day Fayetteville was invested; but Curtis being within six or eight hours' march, Price moved off rapidly toward the river, followed by our forces, and taking the road to Webber's Falls (this crossing is about forty miles above here); and when within ten miles of the river

