
they took a by-road to anew ford, thinking the regular crossings would be guarded by our troops. The crossing was effected in safety on the 7th instant, and Curtis reached the river four hours after the rear guard was over. A number of deserters have since then come in, and represent that Price crossed with 10,000 men and two pieces of artillery. General Blunt states that papers we captured near Cane Hill showing their loss since entering Missouri to be nearly 10,000 killed, wounded, and deserted, about two-fifths being killed and prisoners. Persons who saw the army south of the river represent it as terribly broken up and discouraged. The day before Price crossed General Thayer prepared a column of 3,000 men to move out, but for some reason held it back. They seemed to have but little information at this post as to the enemy's movements, even when within thirty miles of here, and it was not known they had crossed until Blunt brought the information. General Curtis moved back to Fort Scott with the troops, taking the route via Fort Gibson. One brigade of Rosecrans' troops came through to the river and another remained at Fayetteville. General Blunt returns to Kansas in a few days. At last accounts Cooper and Stand Watie were moving for Scullyville toward Webber's Ford, to aid Price in crossing, and will probably return south with him. I will leave here on the 13th instant for Fort Gibson, remaining there several days and then going to Fort Scott. About the 28th or 30th I hope to [be] in Saint Louis, and would like to hear from you while there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

BATON ROUGE, November 10, 1864.

(Received 12.45 p. m.)

Major G. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following dispatch was received late last evening:

PORT HUDSON, November 9, 1864.

Refugees this a. m. from five miles beyond Jackson, La., which they left on the night of the 6th instant, report that nearly all the force in that vicinity was to start on the 5th instant to join Wirt Adams at Jackson, Miss. Only Brown and McGuire are left, with about fifteen men each.

This morning Lieutenant-Colonel Marsh returned from five miles this side of Clinton, where he went with flag of truce, and reports that he found McGuire with two companies encamped at that point. He was not allowed to go farther.

Respectfully,

W. P. BENTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Abstract from tri-monthly report of Corps of Special Scouts, organized by order of Major General E. R. S. Canby and commanded by Lieutenant Isaac N. Earl, from November 1 to November 10, 1864, inclusive.

On the evening of November 1 I returned to Vicksburg, Miss., from a scout on the opposite side of the river at that place. I started on the scout on the morning of the 31st of October, and traveled about eighty miles altogether. I captured two Confederate soldiers, and brought in a

