
citizen by the name of James by order of Major-General Dana. I found the steamer Colonel Cowles awaiting me at Vicksburg to relieve the Starlight. I took possession of the Colonel Cowles on the 2nd, and started up the river on the 3rd. I made various landings, but without much success until the 5th, when, at Ashton's Landing, I seized the steamer Sylph, 32 bales of cotton, 4 mules, 4 oxen, and 2 wagons, and sent them to Vicksburg. I then returned to Bayou Mason and captured 4 horses, 1 mile, and 40 bales cotton, but could not get the cotton away, so I burned it. On the 6th I proceed up the river and landed at Columbia, Ark., and scouted eight miles into the country, but captured only 2 horses. On the 7th I landed at Gaines' Landing and proceeded into the country seven miles and encountered the enemy's pickets at Bayou Mason, but made no captures of consequence. During the 8th and 9th I lay by at the mouth of White River, drew rations, and got some of my horses shod. On the 10th I started up White River with thirty of my command, landed at Prairie Landing, and marched about thirty-five miles to De Witt, where I camped for the night. I passed myself for a Confederate soldier, and found the people very disloyal to the United States Government. I could hear of no force of Confederates between the White and Arkansas Rivers.

I. N. EARL,

First Lieutenant Co. D, Fourth Wisconsin Cav., Commanding Special Scouts.

LITTLE ROCK, November 10, 1864.

(Received 16th.)

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

GENERAL: There is no further news of the movements of the enemy since my dispatch of yesterday. The wires are still down between here and Lewisburg. I have sent dispatches to General West by small escort. A brigade of the Nineteenth Army Corps arrived at Devall's Bluff last night. The mules promised by Colonel Greene, assistant quartermaster, not arrived. We cannot move any more troops into the field without transportation for supplies. All our means of transportation are employed to keep the troops already in the field supplied. The supplies at Fort Smith will soon be exhausted. The Arkansas has not risen sufficient for purposes of navigation, and there is no prospect of an immediate rise. The forces of Magruder appear to be directed against this place alone. It is probable the troops have been withdrawn from Monticello.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

MOUTH OF WHITE RIVER, ARK.,

November 10, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch of the 4th just received yesterday afternoon and forwarded to General Steele this morning. White River continues very low and navigation difficult. Dye's brigade has been already replaced at Devall's Bluff by another brigade and battery. I have still another brigade here ready to move to Devall's Bluff the moment transportation

