
is forage. Mizner reached here with the Third Michigan (the Ninth Kansas has not come up) this morning. I shall send him to join Ritter to-morrow and go myself to Norristown. You will observe by Geiger's dispatches to you and to me that it is uncertain where Shelby was - whether he was with Price or not. I have a prisoner who says he was with Shelby on the 3rd instant when he unsuccessfully attacked Fayetteville. The informant left Shelby that night, as he thought, withdrawing toward Cane Hill, but heard firing all the next day. Query: Did Shelby renew his attack? I consider the situation of the supply train for Fort Smith somewhat precarious, and that if I can do any good at all it will be by going farther up the river. I cannot stay very long up here, and when I do return shall bring all the cavalry to Little Rock, as there is no forage on the road from here to Brownsville. Neither is there any on the road to Little Rock, but it will be nearer to a supply. I would thank you to send a detachment of infantry to the Palarm bridge, eighteen miles from Little Rock, to repair it. There is lumber enough in the vicinity; nails and tool swill be wanted. The river has risen here sixteen inches. Should it admit, please send some forage here, as there is none within fifteen miles.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 139. Little Rock, Ark., November 10, 1864.

I. During the absence of Colonel A. Engelmann, Forty-third Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Colonel John A. Garrett, Fortieth Iowa Volunteer Infantry, is hereby assigned to the command of the Second Brigade, First Division, Seventh Army Corps, and post of Little Rock.

By order of Brigadier General F. Salomon:

A. BLOCKI,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, CAVALRY DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS,

Norristown, Ark., November 10, 1864.

Lieutenant W. A. MARTIN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Division, Lewisburg, Ark.:

I can find no enemy in this country, and I do not believe we can do anything here. I believe that Price has crossed the Arkansas at Webber's Falls. I have four days' rations. There is no doubt but that Shelby engaged the garrison at Fayetteville on Friday last, while Price moved his train down the State line road and into the Territory. If you think it necessary for me to have more rations, I will send for them. Forage will be plenty here for two weeks. the train for Fort Smith was fifteen miles above Russellville last night. They will camp on Little Piney to-night. There are two regiments of infantry on the way from Fort Smith to join the train.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. GEIGER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

