
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 206. Saint Louis, Mo., November 10, 1864.

I. All property captured from or abandoned by the enemy belongs to the United States and should at once be turned over to the chief of the staff departments to which such property would appertain, as directed in General Orders, Numbers 64, series of 1862, from the War Department.

II. District commanders will accordingly, upon receipt of this order, forward to these headquarters duplicate lists of all such property within the limits of their respective districts, specifying the disposition that has been made of it under the above-named order of the War Department, and will hold those under their command rigidly accountable for neglecting to care for or misappropriating the same.

III. Citizens who save abandoned horses, mules, or other property, and give notice of it to the nearest military commander, will be entitled to a just remuneration for their labor and expense.

IV. When the property so saved or captured is not fit for military use it will be disposed to according to the rules of the service, compensation being given to citizen salvors and the proceeds properly accounted for.

V. All quartermasters and other officers receiving horses, mules, or other property saved by the military authorities or citizens will make out and forward without delay to Colonel William Myers, chief quartermaster Department of the Missouri, lists of the same, describing the property, its condition, and giving the names of the persons who saved or captured it and who have it in charge, with such information as will go to determine the rights of ownership and salvage. Serviceable animals obtained by capture of salvage will be immediately branded and used and accounted for as if purchased. The chief quartermaster of the department, on receipt of the reports above named, will give all needful instructions for the disposition of unserviceable property.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRAN ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 312. Saint Louis, Mo., November 10, 1864.

* * * * *

9. The section of Battery C, Second Missouri Light Artillery, now in this city will proceed without delay to Saint Joseph, Mo., reporting to Captain F. W. Fuchs, commanding the battery at that point. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

10. The section of Battery B, Second Missouri Light Artillery, now at Jefferson City, Mo., will proceed by land without delay to its proper station at Rolla, Mo. The commanding officer at Jefferson City will furnish necessary escort.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,Assistant Adjutant-General.

