
SAINT LOUIS, November 10, 1864-11.10 p. m.

Colonel S. H. MELCHER,

Commanding, Jefferson City:

Dispatch written by Captain Thomas - I only saw it this morning. All troops of Sixteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps are to be sent here. The First Iowa and Seventh Kansas Cavalry are to come here; all other troops mentioned by you to go into camp - a stragglers' camp - and their horses to be as well cared for as possible. No stable will be built, as it is believed there are stables enough at the Fair-Grounds for the use of troops temporarily at the post. As soon as orders are given assisting the troops to their permanent station a copy will be sent you, and then stragglers and men on detach service can be sent to their regiments.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

SAINT LOUIS, November 10, 1864-11.20 a. m.

Captain BOHN,

Assistant Quartermaster, Hermann, Mo.:

Did your order the boats up the Gasconade River to aid General McArthur in crossing? If so, when, and to what point? Do you know the whereabouts of the division to-day?

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

HERMANN, November 10, 1864-noon.

Major General A. J. SMITH:

Have prepared crossing at Mount Sterling and Fredericksburg. No troops had arrived there up to the 8th instant. Troops reported to have passed through Jefferson City yesterday morning.

H. G. BOHN,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

SAINT LOUIS, November 10, 1864-9 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Rolla:

Have you any news from Springfield or in that direction? The general commanding wants daily report of all that transpires of interest in your district.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

ROLLA, MO., November 10, 1864-9.40 p. m.

Major FRANK S. BOND,

Aide-de-Camp:

The telegram line is down west and I have no news from Springfield. Repairers went out this morning to repair line to Saint Louis, and I think that by to-morrow communications will also be restored west. About 1,200 dismounted men from General McNeil's command arrived at this

