
OMAHA, NEBR. TERR., November 10, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth:

My men are in a starving condition at Kearny, Plum Creek, Cottonwood, O'Fallon Bluff, Alkali, and Julesburg. All estimates have been forwarded for two or three months and no attention paid to them at department headquarters. If they cannot be supplied the necessary result will be starvation or desertion. We have pressed teams and sent everything we have here to them to do for a few days.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHWESTERN INDIAN EXPEDITION,Sioux City, November 10, 1864.

[Major-General POPE:]

GENERAL: I have just received the inclosed communication* from my adjutant-general at Fort Sully. I also forward my answer. It will be necessary for me to go to the expense of a few thousand dollars, not authorized by orders, to make a treaty, and I wish you would get me the authority, for by so doing I will save the Government hundreds of thousands. You can be sure I will not spend one dollar without necessity. I have authorized the payment for the white woman, as you see. I have kept no copy of Captain Pell's letter, for the mail closes at 8 p. m. I shall leave here in two days to see you, for I want much to talk with you. Had I the means at my disposal I would leave to-morrow for the Indian camp. But, general, you know Indians well enough to know if an officer visits them as a peacemaker, and has no money to make them presents, they look on him as a small individual. Like our white children, they judge of a man by the length of his pocket. If a permanent peace can now be made with the Sioux, I look out it as one of the greatest achievements in our Indian troubles, and I have every reason to believe it can be made. I have written this privately, in a great hurry. I can tell you more when I see you. I was anxious this should leave in this mail.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS NORTHWEST INDIAN EXPEDITION,Sioux City, Iowa, November 10, 1864.

Captain J. H. PELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN; Yours of the 26th of October reached me only to-day. I send my answer back by express. Your actions I approve, and have reported to headquarters. When they bring in the white woman prisoner you are authorized to give $200, or three unserviceable horses and a lot of rations, &amp;c. I calculate horses at the old rate among Indians, i. e., $50 per horse. You are also authorized to make them a good present in rations when they arrive, and tell them I will go in a few days where I can talk with their Great Father, and will send word

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

