
to them when I will be there to see them and make peace with all who wish to be at peace; that though the Government is determined to fight till they either exterminate all the Indians or have no more war, yet their Great Father would be glad to hear he had no more trouble with his red children, and that after I see him and talk to him I will come myself this winter and talk to them and tell them all he says, and I will send word ahead, and runners, &amp;d., that they can all come in and talk to me; that they can trust me, for nothing will I say but what I will do.

Yours, &c.,

ALF. SULLY,

Brigadier-General.

MILWAUKEE, November 10, 1864.

Colonel DILL,

Commanding Six Companies Thirtieth Wisconsin,

Coming down Missouri River in flat-boat, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

On reaching Saint Joseph, Mo., you will take railroad to Quincy, Ill., where transportation will be furnished to your destination. Telegraph these headquarters from Saint Joseph and from Quincy.

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., November 10, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Commanding Second Sub-District, Fort Ridgely, Minn:

COLONEL: You are respectfully informed that your dispatch of 7th instant has been duly received. You were right in your supposition that the order was meant for Company L, Second Minnesota Cavalry, the name of Lieutenant Ledden having been inserted erroneously. General Sibley has issued an order of this date fixing the headquarters of the Second Minnesota Cavalry at Fort Snelling. It is not the intention to separate the two sections of the Third Minnesota Battery now at Fort Ridgely unless some unforeseen contingency should requite it, as the immediate presence of Captain Jones with them will contribute much to their discipline and general efficiency. General Sibley is anxious to learn of the safe arrival of Major McGrade's detachment, as he fears the animals will suffer for want of proper forage before reaching our line of posts.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSOURI,New Orleans, La., November 11, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: By directions of the major-general commanding, who, in consequence of wounds received on the 6th instant, is himself unable to

