
write, I have the honor to transmit herewith inclosed receipt of the Adams Express Company for one box, marked "The Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington, D. C.," containing twelve flags, captured by the enemy during the "Red River Campaign," and recaptured by Lieutenant I. N. Earl, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding special scouts, near Saint Joseph, La., on the 8th ultimo.*

The following is a detailed list of these flags: 1. One battle-flag, One hundred and sixtieth New York Volunteers. 2. One battle-flag, Twenty-third Connecticut Volunteers. 3 and 4. Two battle-flags, One hundred and seventy-sixth New York Volunteers. 5. One battle-flag, Third Massachusetts [Cavalry] Volunteers, [all of] General Sheridan's command. 6 and 7. Two battle-flags, Forty-third Indian Volunteers, recently sent from the Department of Arkansas to the State of Indiana to be mustered out of service. 8, 9, and 10. Three battle-flags, regiments unknown. 11 and 12. Two cavalry guidons, regiments unknown. The Brashear City garrison flag, also captured on this occasion, has been delivered to the commanding general Department of the Gulf. I have the honor to request that the receipt of these flags may be acknowledged.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, November 11, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the major-general commanding the Military Division of West Mississippi, the following report of the operations of the detachments of the signal corps for the months of September and October, 1864:

It is proper to state that in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers [190], headquarters Department of the Gulf, dated July 18, 1864, the signal detachment with the Gulf Department was reported by me, then chief signal officer Department of the Gulf, to Colonel A. J. Myer, then chief signal officer Military Division of West Mississippi, for duty. This order being still in force the two detachments have been operating together in the field, and the reports of the commanding officers have been made direct to this office. The detachment on duty at Vicksburg was applied for by Major General N. J. T. Dana, commanding, when that post was threatened by the enemy's forces under Generals Forrest and Wirt Adams. Lieutenant Bailey, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, commanding detachment, which consisted of five commissioned officers and fifteen enlisted men, made such disposition of the officers that reliable and permanent communication could at any time be had from any portion of the defense. Although the services of these officers were not required at that time, the arrangement of the stations and details for duty were such as gave entire satisfaction to Major-General Dana. this detachment was relieved from duty at Vicksburg and ordered to report to me on the 25th of October by Special Orders, Numbers 168, from these headquarters. The detachment on duty at Mobile Bay has been

---------------

*See Vol. XXXIX, Part I, p. 829.

---------------

