
with Brigadier-General Dennis in reference to his permitting Mr. Hudson, who, I understand, lives south of the Arkansas River, to bring cotton within our lines at this post. There are eight bales here which the assistant quartermaster has been ordered to hold for the present. General Dennis was all ready to go to Devall's Bluff when these developments were made, and I did not place him in arrest. He seems to regret his conduct in the matter, but, so far as I can see, has no excuse for a plain violation of existing orders. Lieutenant Eyerly, Thirteenth Iowa Volunteers, the mustering officer of the Second Division, has gone home to be mustered out of service, leaving only one mustering officer in the corps. If there is any officer in New Orleans at all suitable for the position, please appoint him as mustering officer of the corps, and order him to report to these headquarters in person. Lieutenant Earl is now on a scout between White and Arkansas River. If it is possible we will be find out something about the man who shot General Canby.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

LITTLE ROCK, November 11, 1864.

(Received 11 a. m. 17th.)

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

GENERAL: No further news from General West or the enemy. Our scouts returned in the night and report that no considerable body of the rebels has passed toward Dardanelle, on the south side of the river. The largest body of Magruder's troops is reported at Arkadelphia.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mouth of White River, November 11, 1864-12 m.

Major-General STEELE,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Dennis, also two regiments and a battery of four guns, just starting for Devall's Bluff. The remainder of Colonel Slack's brigade will probably get off to-morrow morning. I inclose report,* this moment received, from Colonel Osband's cavalry reconnaissance from Gaines' Landing.

Very respectfully, &c.,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., November 11, 1864.

Colonel DYE,

Commanding Brigade, Brownsville:

It is reported by Lieutenant-Colonel Chapman, Fifty-fourth Illinois, that men from Price's army are daily crossing the railroad south. General Carr thinks by your keeping out scouting parties that you will be able to pick up some of Price's stragglers.

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Vol. XXXIX, Part I, p. 899.

---------------

