
LITTLE ROCK, ARK., November 11, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Devall's Bluff:

The brigadier-general commanding directs that you keep patrols out on the railroad as much as possible from the small number of cavalry you have.

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK., November 11, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Little Rock:

Mr. Suit, one of the guides who went with Major Greeno, has got in; says he left Major Greeno five miles this side of Searcy, at 9 o'clock last night, and with four men came into Brownsville with dispatches. Major Greeno had captured 3 rebels, who claimed to be deserters. Discovered no large bodies of the enemy, but heard that Price intended to attack Fort Smith.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, November 11, 1864.

(Received 7.30 p. m.)

Captain C. H. DYER,

Little Rock:

Have just received from Lieutenant-Colonel Chapman, Fifty-fourth Illinois, following dispatch of the present date:

A scouting party I sent out early this morning have just returned this 4 p. m., and bring me positive information that a body of rebels numbering from 100 to 150 camped about seven miles northwest of this camp last night. They started south this a. m. early, intending to cross the Arkansas River south of here. They were a part of Price's command just from Missouri. Several squads have passed in the same direction during the last two days, north and west of here, toward Hickory Plains and White River. the country is filled every night lately with these fugitives from Price's army. Small parties going in that direction should be on the alert or they will be gobbled.

These rebels appear to be trying to escape south rather then to disturb us.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

LEWISBURG, November 11, 1864.

(Received 8.40 p. m.)

Captain C. H. DYER:

General West left this a. m. for Norristown. Colonel Geiger is at that place. Colonels Ritter and Mizner are fifteen miles above here on Wire road, the Ninth Kansas near the Cadron. General West moved up to Norristown to cover the train on the way to Fort Smith, fearing Shelby might turn and attack it. Couriers left here last night with dispatches from Thayer; did you receive them?

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

