SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 313. Saint Louis, Mo., November 11, 1864.

* * * * *

6. Colonel N. Cole, Second Missouri Artillery, chief of artillery, Department of the Missouri, will proceed as far as Franklin, Mo., on the line of the Pacific Railroad, for the purpose of selecting a site for winter quarters for the reserve batteries of artillery in the department between this city and that point.

7. The citizen guard of Saint Louis, the members of which patriotically gave their services in the city's hour of need, efficiently organized and faithfully served at much inconvenience to themselves, are hereby excused from all duty until further orders. To relieve them from the care and responsibility for the preservation and good order of their arms, ammunition, and equipments, they will assemble by companies at their respective company headquarters on Saturday, the 12th instant, and turn over to their company commanders all arms, ammunition, and equipments which may be in their possession. The company commanders will then turn over the property thus received to the chiefs of the staff departments to which it properly appertains, taking duplicate receipts therefor, one to be retained and one to be sent to the headquarters of the U. S. district commander for Saint Louis. But, while the general commanding relieves the citizen guard of Saint Louis from all duty, and tenders his sincere thanks to both officers and men for their timely and generous services, none the less valuable because employed in giving security to our city from an attack more imminent and dangerous than is generally believed, he requests the officers to retain their commissions and company and regiment rolls until a more satisfactory militia of volunteer organization can be obtained for the defense of the city.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENTON, MO., November 11, 1864.

General EWING:

Major Montgomery with his command is under marching orders. I would respectfully request, if possible, that said command remain here for a few weeks longer, for the reason that the guerrillas are scattered all over this and adjoining counties, committing depredations. With that and my command I believe I could clear this and the adjoining counties of these marauders. Ten bushwhackers, who claim to be Anderson's men, robbed several Union men of their money and arms within six miles west of here. I would like 200 of Montgomery's men to go to Williamsburg, in Callaway County, and return through Pike, Montgomery, and Lincoln Counties, to this place. If you could grant my request it would be a great benefit to the Union men of those counties, and a lesson to the sympathizers. The Enrolled Missouri Militia is not effective enough for this purpose.

F. MORSEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

