HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., November 11, 1864.

Major MONTGOMERY,

Sixth Cavalry Missouri Volunteers, Warrenton:

Colonel Morsey, at Warrenton, represents that the guerrillas are scattered through that section of country and the Enrolled Missouri Militia are inefficient and unreliable to hunt them. If there is any immediate danger from guerrillas, that you will remain and assist Colonel Morsey. He is anxious you should do so. If there is no immediate danger you will obey your previous instructions. Please show Colonel Morsey this dispatch. Act for the best interests of the service.

By order of Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, jr.:

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, November 11, 1864-10.20 p. m.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel L. Blanden, commanding Ninety-fifth Illinois, went with his regiment and the Fourteenth Wisconsin. I have never seen any command so much demoralized as the Sixteenth Army Corps. The officers are much in fault, being absent from their men, with some honorable exceptions. The ordnance officer, Captain Applegate, had the ammunition of the Sixteenth Army Corps placed low down on the levee contrary to the advice of the railroad agent, who informed him the river war rising, and a large quantity was submerged. Before a boat came he went off; left it in the water, where it now is.

S. H. MELCHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

SAINT LOUIS, November 11, 1864-10.30 a. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Hermann, Mo.:

All troops of General Smith's command, Sixteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps, and Winslow's cavalry, have been ordered here. Push them forward night and day. Send Ninety-fifth Illinois and Fourteenth Wisconsin by cars immediately.

J. V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

SAINT LOUIS, November 11, 1864.

Colonel PHILIPS,

Commanding District of Central Missouri:

Hurry up all troops of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps and Winslow's cavalry which are in your district. Send them here as soon as you can.

JNO. V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

