
LEXINGTON, November 11, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Warrensburg:

Telegraph repairers from toward Independence just came in say they saw a large body of rebels in Wellington and vicinity, said to be 500. Two came this side of the Fair-Guards this evening; robbed two citizens. I have no force to pursue them; in fact, not sufficient to defend the city. Only twenty-eighth men for duty. Can you send me any men?

W. N. NORVILLE,

Captain, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, MO., November 11, 1864.

Captain W. N. NORVILLE,

Commanding Post, Lexington, Mo.:

Ascertain more definitely about enemy reported at Wellington. Telegraph me and I will send cavalry force after them with all possible dispatch.

JNO. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, MO., November 11, 1864-10 p. m.

Captain BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The steamer Benton passed down the river this afternoon; left here at 3 p. m. She informs me that at or near Sibley they saw thirty or forty guerrillas crossing the river in skiffs, some being on either side of the river. They were crossing to the south side. At the approach of the boats they all fell back to the timber. After she passed they again appeared and resumed crossing. At Camden they saw another party crossing. No shots fired. About 3 p. m. two guerrillas stopped and robbed two citizens at the Fair-Grounds. They came this side of the Fair-Grounds inquiring the number of troops at this post. About dark two telegraph repairers and a citizen came in from near Wellington. They report seeing large numbers of rebels in and about Wellington. The citizen was in town and among them. He says that there were nearly 500. I hear of no large force down the river. All the troops except one small company have been withdrawn from this post. I cannot pursue the rebels; have hardly force to defend the city. I have called out the citizen guards. I sent by steamer Benton sick and stragglers to Jefferson City, as ordered. The indications are that the rebels are going south, as they are stealing horses and mules and have a good many negroes with them.

W. N. NORVILLE,

Captain, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., November 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Cassville:

Captain Ritchey's company is now at Newtonia, and Company L, Eighth Missouri State Militia, is at Neosho. The men under Major Murphy are sadly in need of clothing and anxious to join their com-

