
and armed, are not a complete protection against them, and some measures are necessary to forewarn our people of their intended approach and designs. If we could be thus prepared we are competent to defend ourselves. For this reason I approve the suggestion of General Smith to employ a detective to act in conjunction with the provost-marshal at Keokuk, who, by means of his acquaintance with men in Price's army and knowledge of men in Missouri, may be able to keep our authorities duly advised of hostile designs against this State. I hope his suggestion will be adopted, as it would, in my opinion, supersede the necessity of keeping troops on constant duty here.

I am, general, very truly, yours,

W. M. STONE.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB-DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA,Fort Ridgely, November 11, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Minnesota, Saint Paul, Minn.:

CAPTAIN; I have the honor to inform you that Brackett's battalion reported here on the 9th instant. One detachment of Company D, Captain Barton, has been left at Leavenworth, and Lieutenant Porter, with forty men, started this morning for Preston Lakes, Captain Barton remaining here with about twenty of his men. Accommodations for men and horses are now sufficient, and with the transportation on hand all will be comfortably provided within a few days,

I remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. INDEPENDENT BATTALION MINNESOTA VOL. CAV.,Fort Abercrombie, Dak. Terr., November 11, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Minnesota:

CAPTAIN: Captain G. C. Whitcomb, Company B, Independent Battalion Minnesota Volunteer Cavalry, marched yesterday, in command of a detachment of thirty-five enlisted men of his company, to establish a half-way station or outpost on the present traveled route to Fort Wadsworth, as indicated in your letter of instructions dated the 3rd of this instant. This detachment was fully armed and equipped, supplied with thirty days' rations, fully ammunitioned, working tools for the construction of quarters, &amp;c., and with written instructions full and complete.

Very respectfully, &c.,

C. POWELL ADAMS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., November 12, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The movements of rebel troops from the extreme south and the concentration of supplies of different points seem to indicate a general movement on the part of Beauregard toward the Mississippi. I have

