
MORGANZA, November 12, 1864.

(Received 2.30 p. m.)

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

It will be necessary to send a force into the Grossetete country to press hands to labor on the levee. If there is no objection, I shall dispatch a force in that direction to-morrow morning. Please answer.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.

NEW ORLEANS, November 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General LAWLER:

The expedition can go as you suggest.

By order of Major-General Hurlbut:

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, November 12, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

New Orleans:

GENERAL: I have received dispatches from Fort Smith dated 7th instant. General Herron and party arrived there on that date all safe. The supply train moved up on the north bank and was flanked by cavalry scouting parties to Clarksville. General Thayer sent two regiments to meet it. Price was not pursued by our troops beyond Newtonia. He struck for the Nation while Shelby attacked the garrison at Fayetteville, as deserters say, without success. They also say that Price crossed the Arkansas at the mouth of Illinois River (Webber's Falls). Thayer marched out to attack him while crossing, but Cooper threatened Fort Smith and he returned. Some are of the opinion that Price crossed the Arkansas with his entire force, estimated by deserters at 15,000, while others say that Shelby moved toward Batesville. A State senator from Independence County reports that Shelby's advance had arrived at Batesville several days ago. They scattered all over the country for forage and subsistence. A party has been sent to Batesville to reconnoiter. Our cavalry under Geiger was heard from at Dardanelle as Thayer's messenger passed. West must have had his whole force together on the 9th or 10th instant. The country is almost destitute of forage; Geiger had some left. If Shelby went with Price there is no use pursuing him. They have demonstrated in every direction, so that we could not judge which direction to expect the main force from. They took a number of our men prisoners within eight miles of Devall's Bluff, and a party of 150 crossed the railroad last night. These parties probably belong to McCray's command. Magruder is hauling supplies from Red River. It is all quiet about Pine Bluff. Deserters from Maxey's command say that he is at Doaksville with his whole command stretched along Red River. I will soon have a tabular statement prepared which will give you a very good idea of the strength and localities of the rebel forces. As soon as my cavalry returns I could easily drive Magruder to the Red River if allowed to use the troops of the Nineteenth Corps now in my department. I think he is badly scared. I do not know as there would be anything gained by driving them to Red River unless we can get sup-

