
From your telegram, presuming that it is intended that I assume command here, I do so at once, and will keep a lookout in all directions. I have telegraphed and written for instructions to Colonel Green; been waiting nearly two days for an answer.

WM. McE. DYE,

Colonel, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., November 12, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM McE. DYE,

Commanding, Brownsville:

Brigadier General E. A. Carr desires me to say that he did not intend anything more by his dispatch than to inform Colonel W. McE. Dye of the presence of prowling parties of the enemy. He does not claim any authority over him.

Very respectfully,

JNO. S. VREDENBURGH,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS,Brownsville, Ark., November 12, 1864.

Captain ADAMS,

Third Michigan, Commanding, Brownsville Station:

CAPTAIN: In obedience to directions received from district headquarters, you will mount every man you possibly can and send the party, under a reliable officer, with the necessary instructions, to gather up what stragglers of Price's army may be found in the vicinity of the railroad, going south, many of whom are reported, and in squads of 100 down. At this time your animals should be used for no other purpose, patrolling and picketing being done entirely by dismounted men. You will report the result of your operations. Permit me to urge upon you the necessity of obliging your men to take the best possible care of your now unserviceable animals, that they may soon again be in serviceable condition.

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. McE. DYE,

Colonel, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., November 12, 1864.

Colonel B. DORNBLASER,

Devall's Bluff:

COLONEL: Your dispatch just received. Make your command as comfortable as possible until further orders. Shelby's advance is reported at Batesville by a State senator from that county. Magruder's force is all this side of the Ouachita. He is hauling supplies from Red River to Arkadelphia.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

P. S.- Report to General Andrews for duty, if you have not done so.

