
LITTLE ROCK, November 12, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Devall's Bluff:

GENERAL: I received dispatches from Fort Smith yesterday p. m. General Herron and party arrived safe. The supply train is also safe. Deserters that had come in from Price report that he struck off toward the Indian Territory, while Shelby fought the garrison at Fayetteville, which place he did not take. Price is supposed to have crossed the Arkansas at Webber's Falls, half way between Forts Gibson and Smith. Thayer marched out to attack him while crossing, but Cooper demonstrated on Fort Smith, so that he was obliged to return without accomplishing his purpose. West is probably at Dardanelle with all the cavalry. Shelby's advance is reported by Senator Rushing at Batesville. Magruder is hauling supplies from Red River to Arkadelphia. Deserters just in report many at doaksville. All quiet in the neighborhood of Pine Bluff. Has the water risen much in White River? We must get after Shelby &amp; Co.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK., November 12, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Major General F. STEELE:

The river has risen about two feet. I should think it was higher than when the troops went up some weeks ago. Have been waiting to see Captain Thomson or would sooner have answered. He has not come in yet. Will be glad to help in any way against Shelby.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK., November 12, 1864-10 a. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Little Rock:

The Ninth Kansas has 130 unserviceable horses, 100 of which can be recuperated in two months. They have no hay, nor can they get any, nor any orders about turning over horses. Shall they turn them over to the cavalry depot? The regiment needs about 200 horses.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., November 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General ANDREWS,

Commanding, Devall's Bluff, Ark.:

In answer to your telegram about the Ninth Kansas Cavalry, the general commanding desires me to say wait until General West returns.

JNO. S. VREDENBURGH,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

