
LITTLE ROCK, November 12, 1864.

Brigadier General J. R. WEST:

(Care of Colonel A. H. Ryan.)

GENERAL: With the information at present I am unable to give you any advice in regard to your movements. You must exercise your own judgment. Attack Price or any part of his force if they can be found, of course. I suppose you heard that Price was supposed to have crossed the Arkansas at Webber's Falls, and that Shelby's advance was at Batesville. We have sent to Batesville to ascertain. No news. General Canby wa severely wounded while on a gun-boat near the mouth of White River. He was coming up here. When the cavalry gets back, I think we can find something for them to do that will pay.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

LITTLE ROCK, November 12, 1864.

Brigadier General J. M. THAYER:

(Care of Colonel A. H. Ryan, Lewisburg.)

GENERAL: Your dispatch of the 7th instant was received yesterday p. m. Shelby's advance is said to be at Batesville; have sent up to ascertain. The rebels are demonstrating in every direction by small parties. Magruder is hauling supplies from Red River to Arkadelphia, where he has considerable force. Maxey is at Doaksville. McCray, or somebody else, is on Cache River. General Canby was severely wounded by a guerrilla, while on a gun-boat en route for this place, near mouth of White River. I sent you a letter this a. m. by Atkinson. No news from the North. General Canby said Price ought not to get away. How could it be prevented with our small force and so wide an extent of country before him? I hope you may strike him, and I will attend to Magruder and Shelby.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., November 12, 1864.

Major-General STEELE,

Little Rock, Ark.:

SIR: Price crossed the river near Webber's Falls. Cooper met him there with his force. I started for the purpose of attacking Price, but finding Cooper was moving up I was obliged to return, for I feared Cooper would attack this place in my absence, as I could not leave a force sufficient to defend it and take along sufficient to meet Price. All the information I received was tot he effect that our forces were not pursuing Price. After the battle of Newtonia, Curtis and Blunt turned back, but were met by orders from Grant to pursue Price to the Arkansas River. Their turning back led to the impression that they had abandoned further pursuit. Blunt is now here, but starts back to-day. Colonel Carr will give you information more in detail.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General.

