
and his personal conveyance in the hands of his pursuers. I will send you an official report of the whole campaign as soon as the subordinate commanders have time to make theirs, giving details of operations, losses of men, material, and wear and tear to their commands. I may sum up the general results about thus: During the thirty-eight days Price was in this department, with not less than 15,000 mounted men, he swept a track of about twenty-five miles in breadth, from Bloomfield in Southeast to Independence in Northwest Missouri, robbing stores and plundering for food, horses, and clothing. He was engaged at various times with about 3,000 infantry and 7,500 cavalry, and lost probably 2,900 killed and wounded and 3,000 prisoners and deserters, 10 pieces of artillery, 250 wagons, and all his ammunition for artillery. He probably did not take out of the State more than 3,000 animals more than he brought in, if so many. His movement was a political failure, and gave the Union ticket 4,000 or 5,000 more and the opposition 5,000 or 6,000 less votes. His failure in a military point of view is complete, and his adherents are in disgust and despair. The State will be the gainer instead of losing by the raid.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, November 12, 1864.

[Major General E. R. S. CANBY:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: If you can spare Captain Swaim, assistant adjutant-general, who bears this, I should very much like to have his services. The Saint Louis District has no regular assistant adjutant-general; a lieutenant is the detail. I want to know what Steele did to meet Price. I am informed many of Shelby's men have gone back to Batesville to winter. I have sent everything here that can be spared to Paducah, and it will never return unless you insist on it. If nothing can be done to drive the enemy into Texas, we ought to have a post at Jacksonport or Batesville, or much extra force will be wanted in watching the rebels who will congregate there and threaten Steele's communication on the south and our border north, east, and west of it. I would like to hear from you and will write again soon.

Very truly, yours,

W. S. ROSECRANS.

If you can let Captain Swaim come soon, please do so.

W. S. R.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 314. Saint Louis, November 12, 1864.

* * * * *

2. The Forty-fourth Missouri Volunteers is hereby relieved from duty as part of the garrison of Saint Louis, and will proceed at once, in compliance with former orders from these headquarters, to Paducah, Ky., reporting as therein directed.

* * * * *

7. The Sixth Minnesota Infantry Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 170, paragraph

