
should be directed to scout well in the direction of Lexington, and also to send a party in this direction to repair the telegraph wire. I will send a party at daylight to repair from this point to Independence. By the aid of the wires we will then be able to keep you informed of the movements on either line.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

PLEASANT HILL, October 17, 1864--7 a. m.

Major-General CURTIS:

Mr. George Graham, whose letter I sent you last night, and formerly a scout of yours in the Arkansas campaign, came in this morning. He is an intelligent man and I think his statements may be relied upon. From conversation with him of what he has seen and heard in the rebel camp I am quite certain that Price's programme is as stated to you in dispatch of last [night]-that is, to move by way of Lexington, Independence, and Kansas City, and through Kansas. Price has a large train and increasing it by plunder as they go; also a drove of cattle and sheep. They rob every town they take and move the plunder with them. Mr. Graham was in Sanborn's command on Friday, 14th. He was then at Georgetown with 10,000 mounted men and two batteries. Georgetown is two miles north of Sedalia. A. J. Smith was at the same time at Otterville with 6,000 or 7,000 Infantry and two batteries. Ewing and McNeil were on the river below Price with five boats loaded with troops. On Saturday, the 15th, Jeff. Thompson, with 3,000 men and two pieces of artillery, came south from Price's main column and captured Sedalia, getting between Sanborn and Smith, Sanborn having moved northwest to Blackwater. This cut the communication between the forces of Sanborn and Smith. Mr. Graham says that Sanborn was endeavoring to get south and in front of Price. Unless Sanborn has fallen back to connect again with Smith, I am in hopes to get communication with him to-day. My command is now moving on the Warrensburg road. I shall feel my way and scout well on the left. Keep me well posted of any movements you hear on the Lexington road. Mr. Graham says that Marmaduke crossed the river at Boonville with 1,500 men, and was to join Price at Lexington.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

HOLDEN, October 17, 1864--7 p. m.

Major-General CURTIS:

I arrived here at 2 p. m. to-day. Met the militia from Warrensburg going to Pleasant Hill, having evacuated the place. Sent a scout on to Warrensburg, who started the telegraph, and just reports that no force has been in that place. Rebel force at Sedalia left yesterday at noon for Lexington. Citizens at Warrensburg report hearing artillery firing to-day in direction of Lexington. I shall leave at 9 o'clock this evening, moving north in direction of Lexington. Will be near enough to that place by daylight to feel the enemy, and hope to unite with Sanborn. I suggest that your order up the force at Hickman Mills and

