
7, current series, from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, will report without delay for duty to the commanding officer post of Saint Louis.

* * * * *

9. Upon the representation of various officers of the Citizen Guard of Saint Louis that they are unwilling longer to maintain their organization for the defense of the city, the organization of the Citizen Guard of Saint Louis is hereby dissolved.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., November 12, 1864.

General EWING:

The following is a complete list of all the Enrolled Missouri Militia reporting to me: Four companies of six-month's men; the Fifty-sixth, Sixty-fourth, and two companies of the Seventy-ninth Enrolled Missouri Militia, and Colonel Diehl's Mississippi County regiment, not numbered. I wish to retain four companies of six-months' men, the Fifty-sixth Regiment, and one company of the Seventy-ninth Regiment.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, November 12, 1864.

General EWING:

Southeast Missouri has redeemed herself. Lincoln got large majorities in almost every county, and those who were praying for Jeff. Davis six months ago have come out from the swamps and are shouting for the Government. Coercion has worked wonders here.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

PILOT KNOB, November 12, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel HILLER,

Cape Girardeau;

I have information that there is a force of rebels near Patterson and a much larger force about Cherokee Bay. It may be necessary to have you co-operate with me. I will keep you fully advised.

A. W. MAUPIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding District.

PILOT KNOB, November 12, 1864.

Lieutenant HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have received information that there are about eighty rebels fifteen miles from Patterson with larger force about Cherokee Bay. Commanding officer at Patterson asks for re-enforcements. I have none to send. Am doing all I can to distribute men on the Iron Mountain Railroad. Quite a number of my men have no arms and equipments, but I hope it will be remedied as soon as the train comes through, and that will be Monday.

A. W. MAUPIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

