HEADQUARTERS THIRD SUB-DISTRICT,Pilot Knob, November 12, 1864.

Captain McMURTRY,

Commanding at Patterson, Mo.:

SIR: I am in receipt of your note and request for re-enforcements. In reply would inform you that I have no re-enforcements to send you at present. You will keep a strict watch over the movements of the enemy and keep me fully advised. Upon ascertaining that they are advancing upon you in too great force, you will fall back on this place. I hope to be able in a few days to send a sufficient force into that country to completely clean it out, but it in the meantime must distribute my forces to the best advantage. We have no horseshoes; will have some in a few days; will send them as soon as received. Keep me fully posted.

Yours, respectfully,

A. W. MAUPIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Third Sub-District.

ROLLA, November 12, 1864.

Major FRANK S. BOND,

Aide-de-Camp:

General McNeil was yesterday thirteen miles northeast of Cassville, and is marching by way of Hartville to this post.

A. SIGEL,

Colonel, Commanding District.

WARRENSBURG, November 12, 1864.

Captain J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have ordered 250 cavalry from here and 100 from Sedalia to look after guerrillas on the Missouri River. No effort will be spared to secure their destruction.

JNO. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., November 12, 1864.

Captain J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in consequence of all communication between this and Saint Louis being interrupted by the late storms of snow and rain, I have been unable to correspond with your headquarters. Pursuant to General Orders, Numbers 9, current series, from headquarters Cavalry Division, Major-General Pleasonton commanding, I assumed command of this district November 3, 1864, transferring the papers and property pertaining to district headquarters from Jefferson City to this point as speedily as possible. Much business had accumulated in the district during the past month's suspension of office work, and no inconsiderable confusion and disorder prevailed in the

