
district, necessarily resulting from the occupation of the district by contending armies. Added to these were innumerable matters, new and vexations, arising out of the necessary and unnecessary interference with private rights, which were with hot haste pressed upon my attention immediately after assuming command. With untiring energy I have applied myself to the reorganization of the military machinery of the district, the disposition of its office business, and the adjustment of matters and claims of pressing necessity. The irregular forces on duty in the district, such as the Enrolled Missouri Militia and citizen guards, were impatient to be relieved from active duty. they had been called from their farms at a time when their crops were maturing, and now crops must be gathered, stock collected, hogs fattened, or their spring planting and husbandry were all in vain. An investigation satisfied me that there no longer existed a necessity for the retention of the Enrolled Missouri Militia on active duty. Accordingly, I relieved them, except two companies, one of which is stationed at Osceola, and the other at Calhoun. The protection of the loyal citizens of these remote localities against guerrillas, who habitually pass through there, seemed to demand this. These companies are commanded by judicious, active officers. The chilling weather and exposure of the troops directed my attention early to the matter of preparing quarters for them and shelter for horses and public animals. The erection of huts and sheds for this purpose was directed, and is being prosecuted with energy. The commanding officer at Lexington for several days past has been full of apprehension as to the presence of large bodies of guerrillas in La Fayette County and the Sni Hills. I sent one battalion, under Major Mullins, First Missouri State Militia, into Sni Hills. He returned two days ago, having found nothing, or heard of any body of rebels. Two squadrons, lately from Lexington, found no enemy. I now have scout northeast of this. To-day I send 100 men from Sedalia through Saline County toward Waverly and Dover, on Missouri River; 250 men from here to Greenton and Wellington, La Fayette County, thence west up the river toward Sibley, with instructions to return through Sni Hills and to cleanse it thoroughly of every vestige of guerrillas. Major Mullins, commanding Pleasant Hill, is ordered to move north and co-operate with forces sent from here. South of this all is quiet. I find that the public mind is quite restive, and the heart of the people faint since the raid. It will require a little time, coupled with active efforts to succor and encourage them, to quiet their apprehensions, and make them fell that this country belongs to loyal citizens.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding District.

SAINT LOUIS, November 12, 1864.

Colonel JOHN F. PHILIPS:

Colonel Matthews must keep his command in good condition. He will be ordered to North Missouri. Until then use the Third Missouri State Militia as part of your district command.

J. V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

