
bodies of the enemy have passed south, and general quiet prevails in the district. General McNeil is en route to Rolla with his brigade. Colonel Gravely has a portion of his brigade in Northern Arkansas, and a portion with General Curtis, and is on his way back to Springfield with a portion. Lieutenant-Colonel Benteen is with General Curtis with his brigade. I requested General Curtis to order him to proceed to Saint Louis by slow marches after he had accomplished his purpose of following the enemy to the Arkansas, as directed in your order, and he replied through his adjutant-general that his brigade did not belong to the Department of the Missouri, but to Memphis, Tenn., where he would order it. Price's army became more and more demoralized while it remained in the desert of the border and Northern Arkansas, and thousands deserted. I think he will move to Bonham, Tex., one of their main supply depots, and there reorganize and recuperate. Price repeatedly stated that he would not and could not be compelled to fight any more. I have made a new assistant of the troops of the district to the various posts, and retained one regiment and one battery as a reserve, and will have this force for active service in the field at all times hereafter.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., November 12, 1864.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry, in the Field:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following special report under the provisions of paragraph 743, Revised Army Regulations, relative to the conduct of First Lieutenant John E. Phelps, Third Regular Cavalry, and colonel Second Arkansas Cavalry Volunteers, during the last campaign against the rebel army commanded by General Price is Missouri. This officer deserves special mention for the following acts of gallantry and good conduct, viz:

First. On the morning of October 8, while the enemy appeared to be in full force in front of Jefferson City, he moved out with a portion of his regiment, charged the enemy's line and broke it and drove his rear guard in confusion some two miles, killing and capturing a number of the enemy and settling the question as to whether the enemy was about to attack or was retreating.

Second. At Boonville, on the 11th day of October, with a portion of his own regiment and the Sixth Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, he attacked the enemy in position by my order, drove in his entire skirmish line upon the army in position, where he fought them till night, killing and wounding more than 100 of the enemy, and losing but 2 men killed and 2 wounded.

Third. At Dover, having moved from Cook's Store at midnight on the 19th of October for the purpose, with his own regiment and the Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, he attacked more than three times his number and put them to rout, capturing 7 commissioned officers and 6 men, and leaving a number of the enemy dead and wounded on the field, and obtained the first positive information that the enemy was at that time moving rapidly west.

Fourth. At Independence he moved with his regiment (dismounted) directly upon the enemy's line and through the town without halting

