
Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, to return with his command to Lebanon, and direct Major Mitchell, Seventh provisional Regiment, to return to Bolivar with the men of his command. He will then proceed without delay to station the several squadrons of his regiment as follows: One squadron at Ozark, one squadron at Gasconade Crossing, one squadron at Marshfield, four squadrons at Lebanon, one squadron at Hartville, one squadron at Springfield, one squadron at Sand Spring, one squadron at Fair Grove, one squadron Wardens Station, and will see that these squadrons move to the places assigned them without delay. The headquarters of the Sixth Provisional will be at Springfield until further orders. The troops belonging to the Enrolled Missouri Militia, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel McMahan, will be directed by him to return at once to their respective stations.

II. Colonel John D. Allen, commanding Seventh Provisional, will at once assign the several squadrons of his command to the following posts, respectively: One squadron at Bolivar, one squadron at Mellville, one squadron at Buffalo, two squadrons at Mount Vernon, two squadrons at Cassville, one squadron at Neosho, one squadron at Greenfield, one squadron at Newtonia, one squadron at Humansville, one squadron at Stockton. The highest officer in rank at each post will assume command. Colonel Allen will report at these headquarters as soon as practicable what companies of his regiment have been assigned to these posts respectively. Where companies are already located at the posts above named they will, as far as practicable, be retained there. The headquarters of the Seventh Provisional will remain at Mount Vernon until further orders.

III. The commanding officer of the Forty-sixth Missouri Infantry is directed to distribute the companies composing his regiment as follows: One company in Douglas County, one company in Taney County, one company at Hartville, one company at Stockton, one company at Neosho, one company at Newtonia, two companies at Cassville, one company at Buffalo, one company at Springfield. The companies selected to occupy the stations above named will be sent to their respective stations without delay, and a report will be made to these headquarters showing the location of each company under this order, which location will not be changed without order from these headquarters. The headquarters of the regiment will be at Springfield until further orders.

IV. The Sixth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, the Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, and Battery L, First Missouri Light Artillery, will constitute the garrison at Springfield, Mo., until further orders. The commanding officers of the above regiments will report to the commanding officer of the post without delay, and will cause the companies of their respective commands to be concentrated at this post. All orders issued for this purpose will specify that these companies are not to leave their present posts until other troops have arrived there under orders issued this day.

V. The Second Regiment Arkansas Cavalry Volunteers, and Battery H, Second Missouri Light Artillery, will constitute the necessary force of this district, and reports from the same will be made directly to these headquarters. The commanding officers of the above organizations will select a suitable camping-ground for their commands, choosing the locality with a view to its facilities for obtaining forage, wood, and water, such locality not to be more than fifteen miles from this post.

By order of Brigadier-General Sanborn:

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

