HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., November 12, 1864.

Colonel JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff, Saint Louis, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report my arrival at these headquarters on the 6th instant, since which time I have been busily engaged in bringing up returns, withdrawing the Enrolled Missouri Militia troops ordered out by General Craig, and returning the 107 organizations to their own counties. The latter will be relieved from active duty, organizations preserved, whenever the county safety committees so recommend. In a large majority of the counties in this district there is comparatively quiet and peace; in others there yet remains the roots of bitterness, in small squads of guerrillas, returned conscripts, and deserters from Price's army. There is more trouble in Chariton, Howard, Boone, and Callaway than in any other section of the district. Homicides have been frightfully frequent in Chariton, which is really the bloody ground of the district. There is scarcely a citizen in the county but what wants to kill some one of his neighbors for fear that said neighbor may kill him. The stormy political conflict through which we have just passed has done much to increase the trouble. "Every foul bird has flown aboard; every dirty reptile hath risen up." I am much in need of the mounted force of the district yet retained south of the Missouri River. My purpose is to make at thorough scouring of all the river counties and drag out the villainous conscripts and bushwhackers who may have gone into winter quarters. The election passed off throughout the district with remarkable quietness. I have learned of but little trouble. There was a slight friction at the polls in Saint Joseph, but that is annual on this border, where so many of the sovereigns have been in the habit of voting, "early, late, and often," and on both sides of the Missouri River. I believe that General Orders, Numbers 195, was faithfully carried out all over the district. I shall move my headquarters to Macon to-morrow. Will relieve the Enrolled Missouri Militia brigadier-generals at once, and make a thorough inspection in person of the entire command during the month.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, November 12, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Major-General CURTIS,

In the Field:

Your dispatch of 8th instant received. Accept my thanks for it and my congratulations on the pursuit of Price and his exit from the country this side of the Arkansas. I trust Colonel Benteen has been sent to Saint Louis as requested. General Grant has ordered me to send him to Middle Tennessee to General Thomas. If by misfortune they have gone to General Steele en route for Memphis, please do your utmost to get orders to them that they are to go there. The matter is urgent, and General Rawlins has been here to see about sending these, with other troops, without delay, to that point. Please inform me on the subject, that I may telegraph General Grant and General Thomas when they will be there.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

