
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 46. Milwaukee, Wis., November 12, 1864.

In accordance with the terms of General Orders, Numbers 251, current series, from the War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, the command of the Military District of Iowa being composed of mixed troops equivalent to a brigade, the Military District of Iowa is hereby designated as a Separate Brigade, to date from October 25, 1864.

By command of Major-General Pope:

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

U. S. STEAMER TYLER,

Mouth of White River, Ark., November 13, 1864.

Acting Rear-Admiral S. P. LEE, U. S. Navy,

Commanding Miss. Squadron, U. S. Flag-ship Black Hawk,

Mound City, Ill.:

ADMIRAL: On the 7th instant, having positive information that Colonel Warfield, Second Arkansas (rebel) Infantry, Captain Warfield, C. S. Army, and three other rebel officers, were at the house of a Mr. Carson, in Arkansas, near Island 68, I dispatched a party on shore at 2 p. m., surrounded the house and negro quarters without alarming a soul, and searched the premises thoroughly. The stable was situated some distance from the house, and in the darkness escaped the attention of my officers at first, and when subsequently searched evidences of the hasty departure of the desired parties were all we obtained. They had selected this stable in preference to the house, and thus escaped capture. Mr. Carson, who is the father-in-law of Colonel Warfield, also has a son in the rebel army, and all his sympathies and proclivities are strongly and avowedly with the rebellion, and his house has long been the rendezvous of the rebels in his vicinity. You can judge, therefore, of my surprise when he introduced one of his guests to me as Mrs. Warfield, the mother of two of the rebel officers I was in search of, and requested the protection of my vessel in shipping her cotton by the first transport steamer that might pass. I at first indignantly refused, but she exhibited to me the permit of Mr. Ellery, the Treasury agent at Memphis, requesting the cover of a gun-boat for this shipment; the permit duly indorsed by Major-General Washburn, as also a permit for herself to land at her plantation, sanctioned by my district commander; and in the face of all these documents, as I was upon the spot and a steamer then at hand ready to take the cotton, I considered it proper to give her the required protection, although with a very bad grace.

Permit me, admiral, respectfully to call your attention to the anomaly of using every exertion to capture rebel officers at 2 a. m., whose cotton I am called upon to protect in its shipment to a market at 10 a. m. of the same day, thus affording them the means of supplying themselves with every comfort money can procure ere they return to their brother rebels in arms with Hood.

With great respect, I am, admiral, your obedient servant,

FREDERICK S. HILL,

Acting Volunteer Lieutenant, Commanding.

