
Ford's command to my support; also subsistence. I will open communication with you in the morning by messenger by way of Independence. If you telegraph me after I leave, direct to Warrensburg. I have tapped the wire here, but operator will leave when I do. What information have you? Please answer before I leave.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,October 17, 1864.

General BLUNT,

In the Field:

Your dispatch received. Deitzler is at Independence, and I will try to re-enforce the Lexington line. Do not get yourself cut off from my command by allowing enemy to get this side of you. Nothing important. Militia hesitate about moving forward.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

INDEPENDENCE, October 17, 1864.

(Received 7 a. m.)

Major-General CURTIS:

The following just received from Pleasant Hill:

Colonel FORD:

I am just leaving this place on Warrensburg road with 2,000 cavalry and nine howitzers. Price is evidently moving with his main column toward Lexington and Independence. He has a large train and a drove of cattle and sheep. Send scouts well out on Lexington road and keep me posted. I am repairing telegraph this morning to Independence. I hope to connect with Sanborn to-day unless he has fallen back to meet Major General A. J. Smith. Sanborn has 10,000 men and twelve pieces of artillery. Price's force is not less than 20,000.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

FORD,

Colonel.

INDEPENDENCE, October 17, 1864.

Major CHARLOT:

Major Smith left last evening at 7 o'clock with 300 men; have not hard from him since. I also sent out two scouts at 4 o'clock this morning, one on Spring Branch road directly east, another on Lone Jack road; both returned; they were out about ten miles; could see nothing. When will General Deitzler be here?

FORD,

Colonel, &amp;c.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., October 17, 1864.

Lieutenant I. W. STANTON:

I have the honor herewith to report, for the information of the major commanding, that I scouted in a southeast direction through texas Prairie; found a large trail going east, supposed to Todd's command;

