
to the world in the immortal Declaration of Independence, guaranteed by the Constitution, and perpetuated by the brilliant victories which your own arms have achieved over a parricidal foe. The fall campaign in Northwestern Arkansas, I trust, has closed, and with its close have been buried the hopes of the enemy to establish his dominion over your homes and your families. His armies have been routed in every engagement from the Mississippi to the Platte, from the Missouri to the Arkansas, and frantic with fear, demoralized and starving, have been driven to the confines of Texas, i trust never again to pollute your soil with his unhallowed tread. In this campaign you have borne a conspicuous and a glorious part. Only a few weeks since when General Price with his tattered legions was marching northward with the vainglorious boast upon his lips that he would lay Missouri and Arkansas at his feet, he sent into your country a swarm of guerrillas and robbers to desolate your homes, and hoped to overpower and drive you from the country or starve you into submission, but your indefatigable faithfulness at labor in the trenches and your heroic valor in the field have signally frustrated all his schemes of conquest. On the 20th of October you attacked and completely routed a force three times your numbers which had collected in Benton County for the purpose of capturing your supply train en route from Cassville, Mo. Again, on the 25th, by almost unparalleled marches and untiring exertions, you defeated the plans of the enemy, who with a still larger force than before was lying in ambush at Fitzgerald Mountain prepared to spring upon your train. Again, on the 28th, Colonel Brooks, with a force far superior to your own, surrounded and attacked this post, but with your well-known alacrity you left your intrenchments, climbed the almost inaccessible heights of East Mountain in the face of a deadly fire, and drove the vastly outnumbering enemy from the summit, capturing a portion of his supplies, while he fled, leaving his dead to be buried and his wounded to be cared for by you. His loss was five times your own and his defeat complete. Still surrounded by the foe, your communications with other commands completely cut off, reduced to one-third rations, your forage only obtained by sudden though always successful dashes into the enemy's lines, you held your position until the 3rd of November, when Major-General Fagan was detached from Price's returning army with a force of 6,700 men and two pieces of artillery to crush you at a single below. Your own force on that day was only 1,128 men (soldiers and Enrolled Militia), with two small mountain howitzers, totally inadequate for a contest with the enemy's rifled ordnance. He attacked you at 11 a. m. was signally defeated before sundown, and retreated by diverse routes in the night, with the loss of nearly 100 killed, wounded, and prisoners, while your own was 9 men wounded, all slightly except one. Subsequently when the Army of the Border, under Major-General Curtis, arrived, you were placed in the extreme advance, the post of danger and of honor, which you held during the remaining four days of the pursuit after Price's demoralized and defeated army. The colonel commanding desires to express his hearty thanks to the officers and men, both of volunteers and militia, for their very prompt co-operation in the execution of all his orders. Your laurels have been nobly won, may they be worthily worn.

By order of Colonel Harrison:

JAMES ALLISON,

Lieutenant and Adjutant.

