
Forty-seventh Missouri Volunteers. At Potosi: Company A, Fiftieth Missouri; detachment Thirteenth Missouri Veteran Cavalry Volunteers. None of these troops have been in an engagement with the enemy since the 26th and 27th of September, 1864.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. MAUPIN,

Commanding District.

PILOT KNOB, MO., November 13, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS EWING,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: On last Thursday I received information that the militia had been withdrawn from the Iron Mountain Railroad. Although this information was not official, I at once sent Captain Weber, First Missouri State Militia Infantry, along the line of the road to proceed as far as Potosi and distribute Lieutenant Harrison's company, of the Fiftieth Missouri Volunteers, on the road at Mineral Point and Hopewell to guard Government stores. Lieutenant Harrison informs me that this has been done by placing guards at Mineral Point, Hopewell, Saint Francis, and South Big River bridge. I at once ordered fifty men from Captain Saint Gem's company, at Saint Genevieve, and forty men of Captain Adair's company, at Farmington, of the Forty-seventh Missouri Volunteers, to proceed at once to the railroad and be distributed on the road. My whole available force at this point is 278 men, and about fifty of that number without proper equipments. Forty-three men are guarding rebel prisoners at Ironton. One company of the Fiftieth are, you might say, unarmed. I have to have escorts to supply this post with subsistence; also to furnish my outposts, leaving me about 100 men to protect this place and Ironton. I have information that there is a rebel force near Patterson, and would like to send a force of cavalry in that direction. Colonel Hiller has sent a force near Patterson and expects me to co-operate with him, provided there is a rebel force. My horses are unshod and in a bad condition for service. I had hoped that the Fiftieth would be rendezvoused at this place. They could be made useful in case of an attack on the post; also in repairing the same, and by that means enable me to keep my mounted force operating in the country below. If possible, I would like to have Captain Weber, at Perryville, and Captain Maupin, both of the Forty-seventh Missouri Volunteers, now at Gray's Summit, ordered to this place; and if the Fiftieth could be rendezvoused here, I think I could give all the necessary protection to this country. Will do all in my power with the small force at my command.

A. W. MAUPIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

ROLLA, November 13, 1864.

Major FRANK S. BOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

General McNeil will be at Hartville to-night. General Sanborn arrived at Springfield last night. General Curtis followed Price to Red River. No news here. A portion of dismounted men Thirteenth Cavalry Missouri Volunteers will start for Saint Louis to-morrow.

A. SIGEL,

Colonel, Commanding District.

