
Army Corps, be sent to Helena, Ark., for temporary duty, having been rescinded, Special Orders, Numbers 223, paragraph 1, October 29, 1864, from these headquarters, is revoked. The regiment will be reported without delay to Brigadier-General Dennis, commanding at mouth of White River, Ark., for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., November 14, 1864-10 a. m.

Captain C. D. DYER,

Little Rock:

Three regiments of Colonel Slack's brigade have already arrived and gone into camp, namely, Forty-seventh Indiana, Ninety-ninth Illinois, and One hundred and twentieth Ohio. General Dennis says he is willing to have his men aid in making the fortifications if he is to remain here some little time, not otherwise. The engineer has laid out two or three forts, and I need a good many men to make them. The White River is still rising. I have not received an answer to my inquiry about unserviceable horses in Ninth Kansas.*

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK., November 14, 1864-12.30 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Little Rock:

I learn that Rayborne and McCoy, with about 200 men, are back near West Point. Feel some little apprehension for Major Greeno in consequence. I would like to send a scout up to West Point, and think Rayborne can be surprised at some house and captured. I could send 150 infantry and 100 cavalry up on a boat, infantry to land below Negro Hill, and move at night up to West Point fifteen miles; cavalry same evening to land on the north bank of Little Red, a mile up the river, could scour the settlements where some of these fellows lurk, and could get round to West Point, fording a mile and a half above, and unite with the infantry at noon. I think it would pay to send such a scout, if it was sent immediately. I have a guide who knows the country thoroughly.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., November 14, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Devall's Bluff:

Send the scout as you propose.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Dispatch subsequently found in General Andrews' office, and Captain Dyer so notified at 5 p. m. November 14.

---------------

