
half above West Point, and get down into West Point about as soon the next day-that is, the next day after leaving the boat. It is expected the infantry will have arrived at West Point at daylight of that day, and the cavalry will there form a junction with the infantry, and after reasonable rest return to the boat, which will have returned to Negro Hill or a little below it. After the boats shall have disembarked the cavalry it will proceed up to Augusta, with the fifty infantry left on board, and surround and surprise that place at daylight, capturing any of the enemy that may be there. It will remain there but a short time, and then return to Negro Hill. Everything must be conducted in a still and secret manner-the boat to avoid ringing its bell or whistling, and the men must act as if they were liable to be attacked at any minute. Surpass the enemy in craft, caution, endurance, and enterprise, and no doubt the scout will be remarkably successful. After you are once aboard the boat do not let a moment's time be wasted.

By order of Brigadier General C. C. Andrews:

GEORGE MONROE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE CHIEF OF CAVALRY,New Orleans, La., November 14, 1864.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general (Canby) directs me to send you the inclosed project proposed by me, in cipher. I send an aide up with it. He directs my expedition to be contemporaneous with one, he says, you intend to send out. Please inform me fully when your movements will commence and any information that may be advantageous for me to know about them. I can move on the 25th of this month, or possibly two or three days earlier. I shall start without fail the day you name, if about the time I now mention.

I am, general, with high respect, your most obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.

If you had not determined to send out will you now do so, at the time I can start, the 25th instant?

DAVIDSON.

[Inclosure.]

NEW ORLEANS, November 13, 1864.

Project of an expedition to destroy the Mobile and Ohio Railroad between Meridian and Mobile in accordance with W. T. Sherman's plan of threatening the road along the entire length: The troops to be Lee's division of cavalry, strengthened by one or two regiments from the separate cavalry brigade at Morganza. The force should be strong enough to effectually defeat any mounted cavalry the enemy can bring against it. Their infantry, if too strong, should they be met or in position, can be avoided. Six or eight pieces of artillery to be attached and about 300 feet of the bridge train. At this season, full rations of salt, coffee, and sugar, and half rations of hard bread to be carried; some little pork for cooking; also remainder of the rations gotten from the country. Route should bear well up toward Jackson and Meridian

