
said trail was in the vicinity of Judge Gray's. We then struck for Fire Prairie, by the way of Robinson's; thence west, crossing the Blue at Franklin's; from thence we struck the Lexington and Independence road, four miles from this place. After leaving the large trail heard of two parties, one of six and one of three, traveling in all thirty miles from the time of leaving your command on same date.

W. H. GREENE,

Captain Company E, Second Colorado Cavalry.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., October 17, 1864.

Colonel J. H. FORD:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of my detachment of fifteen men of Company A, which went to Kansas City on the 16th instant on escort duty: I left Independence yesterday morning about 9 o'clock and arrived at Kansas City about 12.30 p. m. Left Kansas with all my men (and three men of Company A, who had returned from furlough) and got to Independence about 7 p. m. I saw no signs of bushwhackers on the way. Total number of miles traveled, thirty-eight and a quarter.

Your obedient servant,

P. A. DUCEY,

Second Lieutenant Company A, Second Colorado Cavalry.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., October 17, 1864.

Colonel FORD:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report: In pursuance to orders I left Independence at 4 o'clock this p. m. with fifteen men. I went out on the Blue Springs or Snibar road, traveling slowly and keeping a good lookout. I saw no sign of an enemy or of any having been in that direction lately. I went as far as Blue Springs, scouting around in that neighborhood a little, and then returned to Independence, arriving at 8 p. m., not having seen any sign of an enemy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES LESLIE,

Sergeant Company M, Commanding Scout.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,Camp Charlot, October 17, 1864.

Colonel BLAIR:

General Blunt's last having informed me that he had taken command of the advance, leaving you in charge at Hickman Mills. I desire you to send forward scouts or couriers every two or three hours, returning and going, so as tot keep up communication as far as you can. Also send scouts and have pickets well to your right flank. General Pomeroy, acting aide-de-camp, and Colonel Roberts, acting aide-de-camp, will visit your camp on general inspection duty, and they will inform you as to my present location. You will report to me while General Blunt is on the other side from me. Also keep General Deitzler advised of all matters concerning the movements of the enemy

