
road, then turn suddenly southeastwardly to Winchester and Citronville. Dana should divert the attention of the enemy by movements of his mounted troops from Vicksburg and Natchez at the time of the starting of the expedition, so as to let us get all ahead. Gordon Granger should engage the attention of the enemy about Mobile by threatening Blakely, or some movement to the east of Mobile, about the time the expedition arrives at the railroad. As all supplies for the enemy would be destroyed on our route by us, it would be impossible to return the same way. We would drop down to Biloxi or some available Gulf port near by-Colonel Sawtelle should have, therefore, supplies for about 3,500 men and horses behind Ship Island ready to send to us, watch being kept for our arrival by boats warned of our destination, information given confidentially only to the commander. Loyal people might be met on our route anxious to come out; these might be directed to Biloxi or sent by small escort to that point. Supplies would be on hand for them until sent to Cairo. The expedition to be commanded by yourself.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

U. S. STEAMER LOUISIANA,

Off Skipwith's Landing, November 14, 1864.

Major-General DANA,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, Vicksburg:

GENERAL: I send to you Mr. S. L. Patterson, who has been a scout in our army. He has just come over from the Arkansas side. He may have some information that will be of service to you. He states that Dick Taylor's command crossed the Mississippi between Vicksburg and Natchez. Mr. Patterson is not in the employ of the army at present and I have sent him to you, for I though perhaps you would like his services.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE BACON,

Lieutenant Commander, Commanding Sixth Dis. Mississippi Squadron.

SAINT LOUIS, November 14, 1864-7.50 p. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Brigadier-General Sanborn, from Springfield, Mo., reports that Major-General Curtis, commanding Department of Kansas, has ordered Colonel Winslow's division of cavalry from Western Arkansas to Memphis, Tenn., without my knowledge.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 14, 1864.

General ROSECRANS:

Your dispatch received. Please send a courier to overtake Colonel Winslow and direct him to proceed to this place, via Louisville,and as rapidly as he can.

G. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

