
PILOT KNOB, MO., November 14, 1864.

Lieutenant HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

The regiments now on duty in this district, except the six-months' men, are the Sixty-fourth, Colonel Brewer, Perryville; Seventy-eighth, Lieutenant-Colonel Bond, Sainte Genevieve; Fifty-sixth, Lieutenant-Colonel Thilenius, Cape Girardeau; two companies of the Seventy-ninth at Bloomfield, and three companies of the Mississippi County Enrolled Missouri Militia, all reporting to Lieutenant Colonel H. M. Hiller, commanding post Cape Girardeau, except the Seventy-eighth, at Sainte Genevieve.

JAMES R. McCORMICK,

Brigadier-General.

ROLLA, November 14, 1864-9.50 p. m.

Major FRANK S. BOND,

Aide-de-Camp:

General McNeil will be here to-morrow. Part of his command has arrived to-day. No news of interest.

Respectfully,

A. SIGEL,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 316. Saint Louis, Mo., November 14, 1864.

* * * * * *

6. Colonel N. Cole, Second Missouri Artillery, chief of artillery, Department of the Missouri, will at once establish a cantonment near Franklin, Mo., for all the batteries of light artillery in the department not required for active field service. Huts will be built for men and horses on as economical a scale as possible, the men of the respective batteries building their own quarters and stables. The quartermaster's department will furnish a sufficient quantity of lumber, nails, &amp;c., for roofing the stables, and for roofing and flooring the huts and bunks for the men upon requisitions approved by the chief of artillery of the department. The batteries will report direct to the chief of artillery at these headquarters, who will be held responsible for their condition, discipline, and effectiveness for active field service at all times.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, November 14, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel S. H. MELCHER,

Jefferson City, MO.:

Send all artillery belonging to Smith's command, if there is any at your post, by rail to Saint Louis. The quartermaster's department will furnish necessary transportation.

By order, &c.:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

36 R R-VOL XLI, PT IV

