
MACON, November 14, 1864.

(Received 15th.)

Major FRANK S. BOND,

Aide-de-Camp:

I have the honor to report that I have already relieved a large portion of the Enrolled Missouri Militia from active service and sent them to their homes. I am perfecting and filling up the Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia companies with the best officers and men, and do not relieve them from duty except upon the recommendation of the committees of public safety. During the past week I have carefully gathered reliable information touching the condition of affairs in the counties of the Seventh Military District, and shall this week give like attention to the counties comprising the Eighth District. There is but little trouble, except in the river counties. A few bands of bushwhackers and deserters from Price's army are yet scourging a few counties. Society in most of the river counties is in a very disorganized condition. I propose going into said counties myself with a reliable force and again rear the bulwarks of civilization. A portion of the militia called out during my absence from the district have not been careful of the recognition of the great law of meum at tuum and there will be much trouble in adjusting claims growing out of their irregularities. In cases where I can now fasten guilt I hold the officers individually responsible, and require them to asses upon their commands a sum sufficient to cover damages by them caused, and which might have been prevented by proper discipline and attention. The Enrolled Militia of Missouri have rendered so much service without pay that some of them are quite inclined to make themselves whole out of somebody, and are not a particular in their selection of involuntary contributions to their unpaid accounts. I propose to relieve the brigadier-generals of Enrolled Missouri Militia this present week and divide my district into six sub-districts, each under the command of a U. S. volunteer field officer. Platte County is comparatively quiet. I have a force at Weston and Ridgeley. Clay is not in so good condition, but will soon improve. Ray is in better shape. Carroll, Chariton, and Howard are in the most unhappy condition of any section of the district, and will receive my immediate and earnest attention. Jackson and Ryder, with perhaps 300 guerrillas, are yet roaming over these counties. I send a force into that section to-night to follow these villains day and night until they are exterminated or driven out. The civil courts will at once be re-established and the officers duly protected and aided in the enforcement of law and good order. I will relieve the Enrolled Missouri Militia as rapidly as prudence will permit, sending copies of the order relieving them to department and State headquarters.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

MEXICO, MO., November 14, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

General Fisk directed me to take charge of the movements of the troops in my district. I was out on a scout in Boone and Howard at the time. Found in Boone about 250; in Howard, say 100; in Randolph, say 100; in Monroe, say 250; they are in bands of 20 to 100. Anderson is yet in Boone and Howard Counties. I find it impossible to move secretly without rations. Have been waiting here three days

