
this post to a line west of Fort Lyon, a distance of over 400 miles, and through which the great Santa Fe road passes. The posts are separated from one another by long distances, some as far as 240 miles, and communication difficult, as the whole line is occupied by hostile Indians. Our usual mode of communication is by the mail which passes once a week each way, and for which we furnish a suitable escort. The mail from the west reaches Junction City, a small town west three miles from this post, usually on Thursday night, and is kept there until Sunday morning, and sometimes later, and no reason given for the delay. As all official communications reach headquarters through the mail, the delay frequently does injury to the service. I would also respectfully state that the mail communication between this post and Fort Leavenworth, department headquarters, is very irregular and uncertain. Almost every week the mail will not arrive for two days, and sometimes we receive no mail for three or four days at a time. In fact, there seems to be no system or regularity in regard to mail matters in this part of the State, and no one can inform you in regard to the reason of these irregularities. I respectfully ask that the matter may be referred to the Post-Office Department for correction.

Respectfully forwarded through headquarters Department of Kansas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. HENNING,

Major Third Wisconsin Cavalry, Commanding District.

CITY POINT, VA., November 15, 1864-12.30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

I would advise that orders be sent assigning Major General J. J. Reynolds to the command of the Trans-Mississippi Division during the disability of General Canby.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., November 15, 1864.

Major-General REYNOLDS:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have received your various dispatches with inclosures, the latest dated November 11, 10 a. m. Our dear general is, everything considered, in a favorable and promising condition. The transfer from the steamer to his house and the meeting with Mrs. Canby produced a sort of unnatural excitement, which was followed by a severe relapse. All Saturday and Sunday he had fever and suffered very great pain, but yesterday and to-day he is much better, and while we must expect occasional relapses we have reason to hope that he is steadily convalescing, and that his precious life is this time spared to us. His wounds are now discharging freely, his appetite is good, and he feels quite cheerful. The weather is everything we could desire, and he could not, of course, have better nursing than that he receives at the hands of his own true wife-man's best blessing here on earth. If I had my own way I would not bring any business at all before him, but it seems a sort of necessity for him to keep track of important events, and his medical advisers say that it will not harm him.

