
and your forces which in the least involves the interest of his command. He commands the left wing of the army, and demonstrates on the road toward Lexington.
Respectfully, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., ARMY OF THE BORDER,Hickman Mills, Mo., October 17, 1864.

[Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas:]

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that everything is quiet and harmonious in this brigade. It is composed, as you are perhaps aware, of militia infantry, mounted, and eight guns of field artillery. There was some trouble yesterday, but it is now all happily settled. Brigadier-General Fishback, of the State Militia, with his troops, was placed under my command by General Blunt's order, brigading the troops of his division. He objected, not to being placed under my command, but said that this was "turning his command over" to the commanding officer of the troops, which he did not want to do. He accordingly made an order for the militia to return to Kansas. In a conversation with General Blunt yesterday morning, at which I was present, he spoke of this order and stated that if General Blunt would revoke this order as under the proclamation of martial law he deemed he had a right to, he, General Fishback, would be satisfied and would serve as directed in general orders. He took no exceptions to serving under an officer of inferior rank, but expressed himself satisfied with me as a commanding officer, objecting only to the "turning over" of his militia to the military authorities. He furnished General Blunt with a copy of his order, who peremptorily ordered him to revoke the same. Fishback claimed that this was a violation of the understanding, as he had understood General Blunt to say he would revoke his order himself. Accordingly he declined to revoke his order and directed the militia to march. They saddled up and started, and it was some time before the movement was known at headquarters. As soon as it was known, General Blunt dispatched a force to bring the militia back to camp. This order was obeyed with much more alacrity than the first, and as the head of the column was turned, and the object of the change became generally known, a shout went up such as would cheer the heart of every patriot in the State if it could have been heard across the line. General Fishback and Colonel Snoddy were placed in close arrest, and the balance of the officers and men returned to their duties cheerfully. General Fishback now sees and deplores his error, and admitted to me to-day that General Blunt had kept his engagement, while he had failed in his. He regrets the step taken with great earnestness, and is very anxious to be relieved from arrest that he may do his duty as an officer and citizen of Kansas. I have no doubt he was betrayed into the step by the injudicious advice of others, and I think he would do his duty if relieved from arrest. Colonel Snoddy is better as he is. Difficulties are bred around him wherever he goes, and he lives in an atmosphere of perpetual strife and animosity. His regiment has elected Colonel Montgomery in his stead, and under General Blunt's orders I have recognized the election for the purposes of this campaign. Colonel Montgomery is an experienced officer, having formerly been colonel of the Third Regiment of Kansas troops in service, and until

