
for Little Rock, except about $164,700, which went to Pine Bluff, Brownsville, and other points. These goods were brought to Devall's Bluff and carried on the railroad to Little Rock, except a few brought up the Arkansas River when it was navigable for a short time. The articles were generally dry goods and groceries, and there were no large shipments of liquor, except ale. No record was kept of the goods or shippers, except duplicates of the invoices, many of which were lost. Previous to October 1, goods were permitted to come to Little Rock by the special agent of the Treasury on the approval of the provost-marshal-general, who limited the amount to $3,000 per month to one person, but this often reached from $6,000 to $7,000. It is impossible that all could have been used in Little Rock; much must have gone outside, as large numbers of persons in the city were subsisting off of the Government. In addition to large amounts for supplying stores, family and plantation supplies have been purchased outside the Department and brought to Little Rock. This General Herron thought productive of fraud and injurious to the public service, and he ordered it stopped until General Canby could be heard from. Since October 1 the Treasury Department has been working under the new regulations, and General Steele and Mr. Mellen, supervising special agent, have agreed to allow the following amount of goods to be brought into the State: Little Rock, $100,000 per month; Helena, $60,000 per month; Pine bluff, $25,000 per month; Fayetteville, $9,000 per month; Fort Smith and Van Buren, $30,000 per month; Devall's Bluff, $9,000 per month. General Herron recommends that in the cases of Little Rock, Pine Bluff, and Helena, the amounts be cut down to $75,000, $15,000, and $40,000 respectively, believing that will fully supply the loyal people. No record has been kept of the goods shipped from Little Rock, but Mr. Barber tells General Herron he is of the opinion that from 3,000 to 4,000 bales of cotton have gone over the railroad to Devall's Bluff. Goods permitted as family and plantation supplies have gone into the country from our lines, in some cases thirty miles and on an average fifteen. This was left to the discretion of the provost-marshal-general, who has grossly mismanaged business. General Herron transmits report of the special agent of Treasury, showing the amount of goods permitted to Little Rock; also a copy of his letter to General Steele, directing that no private freight shall come over the Little Rock Railroad until all public has been moved, and that all permits to ship on railroad shall be first approved by the special agents of Treasury and provost-marshal. No more goods can be brought to the department until the new trade regulations are out. General Herron has directed that permits for family and plantation supplies, in addition to those for trade stores, shall be no longer given.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. WILSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General of Cavalry.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 162. New Orleans, November 15, 1864.

I. All owners of horses and mares within the parishes of Orleans, Jefferson, and Carrollton will report to the chief of cavalry on or before the 1st of December next the number of horses and mares owned by them or in their possession. The report will state the professions and

