
trades of the owners, the ages of the animals, the service they are performing, their size, and description. The place of residence of the owners will also be stated.

II. The failure of any person to comply with this order will subject the horses or mares he may own to seizure for the use of the Government without pay.

III. All sales or transfer of horses or mares, or their removal from the parishes of Orleans, Jefferson, and Carrollton are forbidden until further orders from these headquarters, excepting only sales and transfers to the Government.

IV. This order will not be constructed to apply to the authorized number of private horses owned by officers of the army entitled by law to forage; but all officers having in their possession or owning horses in excess of the number allowed by law to their grade in rank, will be by then turned over to the purchasing quartermaster of cavalry horses, to be appraised under existing orders and paid for accordingly.

V. Provost-marshal within the parishes designated will report to the chief of cavalry the names of all parties failing to comply with this order, seize their horses or mares, and turn them over to Captain C. B. Chittenden, chief quartermaster of the cavalry of the Department of the Gulf.

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, November 15, 1864.

(Received 23d.)

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

New Orleans:

As soon as there was no longer any doubt that Price had crossed the Arkansas at Webber's Falls, General West started his cavalry back, scouring the country and clearing it of bushwhackers and small parties of rebels from Price's command. West's advance arrived here this morning, bringing in a number of prisoners and some cattle. It seems to be certain that Shelby went with Price. The scouting party sent to Batesville has not returned. It is probable that McCray and Jackman are in that part of the country. I have heard nothing from Magruder for several days. I shall use Reynolds' troops for military duty and put all my infantry onto the fortifications until some movement is made.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, November 15, 1864.

Major-General STEELE,

Commanding U. S. Army at Little Rock:

GENERAL: It has been reported to me officially, by Colonel Logan, S. C. Army, commanding a brigade of cavalry in front, and stationed at Princeton, that our wounded in the late skirmish with your cavalry, in their retreat from Princeton, were killed after they had fallen into the hands of your troops. Colonel Logan, who bears the flag of truce by which this is sent, will inform you or any officers you may send to

