
meet him, of the particulars. It was also reported to me by Colonel McNeill, C. S. Army, commanding at Mount Elba, that about six weeks ago, when your troops attacked his forces there, the Federal troops displayed a black flag. I am well assured that these acts cannot meet with your approbation, but I communicate them to you in order that you may adopt such stringent measures as will prevent them in future, and that you may have it in your power to find out and punish the guilty parties. Colonel Logan is informed of the regiment to which the soldiers belonged who killed our wounded men after they fell into Federal hands. It is hardly requisite to say that a continuance of these practices will necessarily produce prompt and decisive retaliation.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 283. Little Rock, November 15, 1864.

* * * * * *

III. Brigadier General E. S. Dennis, commanding division, Nineteenth Army Corps, will direct two regiments of infantry of his command, now at Devall's Bluff, to proceed immediately to Little Rock by railroad, and report for duty to Brigadier General E. A. Carr, commanding district.

IV. Brigadier-General Andrews, commanding at Devall's Bluff, will call on Brigadier-General Dennis for details for military duty, and will use the troops of his own command for fatigue duty and work on the fortifications.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Mouth of White River, Ark., November Numbers 19. 15, 1864.

* * * * * *

2. Brigadier General G. F. McGinnis, U. S. Volunteers, in addition to the Third Brigade, Third Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, will assume command of all the troops at this post. Commanding officers will report to him accordingly.

3. The commanding officer of the Fourth Massachusetts Battery, with his command, will proceed without delay to Devall's Bluff, Ark., reporting on arrival to Brigadier-General Dennis, commanding Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

By command of Major-General Reynolds:

S. C. FARRINGTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

