HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., November 15, 1864.

Colonel J. R. SLACK,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: You will cause the following-named regiments of your brigade, with their entire force, transportation, camp and garrison equipage, to hold themselves in readiness to proceed to Little Rock, Ark., as soon as transportation can be furnished, viz: Forty-seventh Indiana Infantry, Twenty-ninth Wisconsin Infantry. They will, upon their arrival at that place, report to Brigadier General E. A. Carr, commanding district.

By order of Brigadier-General Dennis:

RICHARD A. KENT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., November 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General DENNIS,

Devall's Bluff:

You are senior to General Andrews, but for the short time you will be at Devall's Bluff I presume you will not care to take the details of the post. In case of any movement against the enemy you, of course, would command. I have sent orders for two of your regiments to come here. If you choose, you can come with them. General Andrews has been informed that your troops would do the military duty, in order to enable him to put all his infantry to work on the fortifications. Our fortifications completed, I can spare not only your command, but part of my own for operations elsewhere, unless there should be a movement against the enemy from the line of the Arkansas. Please inform me what your wishes are in regard to yourself.

Very respectfully,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK., November 15, 1864-1.45 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Little Rock:

Major Greeno, Fourth Arkansas, has returned. He went no farther than Fairview, fifteen miles from Batesville. He captured 10 prisoners of war, including 1 captain. He reports that the only force coming that way is McCray's command, 800 in all, but demoralized. McCray is reported to be going to Jacksonport to collect supplies. The prisoners report that Price was very badly whipped and routed up in Missouri. One of the prisoners was a mail-carrier from Camden; his letters taken. Major Greeno met with no accident or loss, except one horses had to be abandoned. He brought in about a dozen head of mules. He had to swim little Red River.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

