
DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK., November 15, 1864-2.20 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Little Rock:

I gave orders last evening for the Ella to be ready at daylight this morning, and had no notice till early this morning that she could not be ready. The Commercial I might have taken, but she is much more expensive. Owing to the storm and a part of Colonel Slack's command to be disembarked from the Ella, and a large supply of wood to take, she is only ready now, and at this late hour, I am informed, she can only take sixty cavalry. I have directed, however, that he sixty go, and though it is a little late there is a moon, and I anticipate success. I send 150 infantry. Major Greeno is anxious to go up into that country again, and says he can go round anywhere there with 300 men. I recommend we send a force as far up as Jacksonport as soon as possible. We can pick up a good many unquestionably. Let us prevent their collecting supplies or even living there. They are represented as a good deal demoralized.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER, Numbers 192. Fort Smith, Ark., November 15, 1864.

I. The Third Kansas Battery, now serving in this district, is hereby relieved from duty in this district, and will report to Colonel Mackey, commanding escort to supply train, en route for Little Rock, Ark. On arriving at that point they will report to department headquarters for orders.

II. The Eleventh E. S. Colored Troops, Lieutenant-Colonel Steele, commanding, is hereby relieved from duty in this district, and will report to Colonel Mackey, commanding escort to supply train, and proceed to Little Rock, Ark., and upon arriving there will to department headquarters for orders.

* * * * * *

By command of Brigadier General J. M. Thayer:

T. J. ANDERSON,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,

Fort Smith, Ark., November 15, 1864.

Colonel S. H. WATTLES,

Commanding Indian Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding has received information that a train would leave Fort Scott for Gibson and Smith on the 14th instant (yesterday). You are, therefore, directed to send one regiment and a half (fifteen companies) to Neosho Crossing, to meet the train and escort it to Gibson. Troops will be sent from here to escort it from Gibson to this place. As soon as the train reaches Cabin Creek, you will please notify the general by special messenger. Cooper has moved back toward Red River and is now at Little Boggy. Gano, with his brigade, has gone to Camden.

Respectfully,

OWEN A. BASSETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

