
recently in command of a negro regiment in South Carolina, where he did his duty bravely and well in the desperate attack on Fort Wagner. General Pomeroy will inform you as to the state of feeling now, which I believe to be united and harmonious. All they now ask is a fair opportunity to meet the enemies of the country under the leadership of the gallant chieftain whom the kindness of the Government has assigned to the Department of Kansas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST DIV., ARMY OF THE BORDER, Numbers 3. Hickman Mills, Mo., October 17, 1864.

* * * * * * *

2. Colonel William Pennock, commanding Tenth Regiment Kansas State Militia, will detail an officer and ten men of his command, to report forthwith to Captain A. J. Shannon, assistant provost-marshal, for the purpose of taking officers in arrest to Paola, Kans., returning to their command as soon as said duty is completed.

By command of Colonel Blair:

L. J. BEAM,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,

Camp Charlot, October 17, 1864.

Major General G. W. DEITZLER, Shawnee Mission:

I have moved my camp to skirts of Kansas City, west of Shawnee road, where I hope soon to get a report from you. My son, Major Curtis, arrived per steamer Benton, last evening, from below; he left Colonel Harding at Glasgow and had a running fight till he got a few miles above Lexington. He thought the enemy in Lexington was only about 200 strong. Major Smith, sent out by Ford yesterday, ought to have struck the advance, if there be one on that road, before this hour, 10 a. m. General Blunt leads the advance on the Sedalia road, and by this time is driving back stragglers that at last accounts were entering or near Warrensburg. I suppose you are at Shawnee Mission, and Colonel Blair's command, General Blunt's rear, at Hickman Mills. I send Colonel Roberts, acting aide-de-camp, to inspect troops generally as to equipment, and hope you will give him all proper assistance.

Very truly, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,Kansas City, Mo., October 17, 1864.

Major-General DEITZLER, Independence:

General Blunt telegraphs that rebels evacuated Sedalia, going toward Lexington. Heavy firing heard at Warrensburg yesterday in direction of Lexington. Blunt moves toward Lexington from neighborhood of Warrensburg. I will try to bring more troops on the Lexington line.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

