
brigade commanded by Brigadier-General Brent, including the Second and Fourth Louisiana, have been relieved on the line of the Atchafalaya by Brigadier General X. B. Debray's brigade. Mr. Chapman met the Second Louisiana eight miles below Big Cane, en route for Black or White River. The Fourth Louisiana is under similar orders. The Second is said to number 750 and the Fourth 1,300. This estimate must be far to high. Colonel Gould's and Colonel Woods' regiments, of Debray's brigade, are at or near Simsport, and their liens extend down the Atchafalaya to Bayou Current, or Mrs. Gordon's plantation, eighteen miles. Colonel Myers' regiment, Debray's brigade, guard the Atchafalaya at Morgan's Ferry from mrs. Gordon's plantation, seven miles up river, to Lyon's Ferry, sixteen miles down the river. Captain Lane commands at Morgan's Ferry with sixty or seventy men. The main force of Colonel Myers' regiment it twelve miles from Morgan's Ferry on Bayou Rouge at Falkner's Ferry. General Debray's headquarters are at the forks of the road, three miles west from Falkner's Ferry. Colonel Douglas has command of all the artillery. Brigadier-General King commands Walker's division. Much destitution is reported among the Union people in the parishes of Saint Landry, Avoyelles, Rapides, and De Soto.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. JACKSON,

Second Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, Numbers 42. New Orleans, November 16, 1864.

The term of service of Major B. F. Schermerhorn, Forty-sixth Indiana Volunteers, being about to expire, he is relieved from duty at the Camp of Distribution in this city. The commanding general takes this occasion to commend the faithfulness and promptness with which this officer has performed the arduous duties which have devolved upon him and to publicly thank him for the valuable service he has rendered during the time he has been in command of the Camp of Distribution in this city.

By command of Brigadier-General Sherman:

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La., November 16, 1864.

Colonel W. SAYLES,

Commanding, Napoleonville:

SIR: The destruction of the bridges upon Grand Bayou, Bayou Pierre Pass, and Bayou Corn occasions, as might be expected, considerable suffering among small loyal planters thus cut off from communication. To remedy this you may grant permits to a few loyal men who can be trusted to keep boats with which they can pass out the products of the country and return supplies, provided that at night they shall be hidden in such a manner in some unfrequented place that the guerrilla thieves shall not find them.

By command of Brigadier-General Cameron:

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

