
tached to the Nineteenth Army Corps, Major General J. J. Reynolds commanding, in Arkansas, will not probably be returned from Arkansas until the enemy leaves that State. Magruder is in command at Camden, and had in that vicinity two weeks ago four divisions of cavalry, about 22,000 men. He has fortified Camden with three lines of works as a base of operations against Steele.

A prison stockade has been erected in the court-house square at Jackson, Miss., 150 feet square. One hundred and five of our officers are said to be about being sent either to Vicksburg or Memphis for exchange, but under what arrangement or from of exchange I do not know. All the Federal prisoners in the South are ordered to be concentrated at Meridian. There is a general complaint in the rebel army of desertions, and the soldiers say they will not fight any longer if Lincoln is re-elected. The news items above are reported by my scouts and I think are generally truthful.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER, Numbers 193. Fort Smith, Ark., November 16, 1864.

* * * * * *

III. The Second Arkansas Infantry, Colonel M. L. Stephenson commanding, will report to Brigadier General John Edwards, commanding First Brigade, Frontier Division, Seventh Army Corps, for duty.

By command of Brigadier General John M. Thayer:

T. J. ANDERSON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 318. Saint Louis, Mo., November 16, 1864.

* * * * * *

3. Colonel Winslow's division of cavalry being now en route through Arkansas to Memphis, Tenn., Major Simonson, Seventh Indiana Cavalry, commanding detachment of Winslow's division at this point, will proceed with his entire command by river to Memphis, Tenn., reporting upon arrival to Brigadier General B. H. Grierson. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., November 16, 1864.

Colonel MAUPIN, Commanding, Pilot Knob:

Lieutenant-Colonel Hiller has sent 300 men toward Patterson. They will be at Dallas to-night. They are instructed to communicate with Pilot Knob and with troops sent from there.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

A. VEZIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

