
PILOT KNOB, MO., November 16, 1864.

Lieutenant VEZIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

About 200 of my command will move early in the morning to co-operate with Colonel Hiller's force, with orders to move as far as Cherokee Bay. My command would have moved to-day, but was waiting for the troops from the Cape. I have nothing definite from my scouts. The troops at Patterson will be ordered to co-operate, if necessary.

A. W. MAUPIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., November 16, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel MAUPIN,

Commanding, Pilot Knob:

Before the dispatch ordering re-enforcements from Cape Girardeau could reach that point Colonel Hiller had already sent most of his cavalry toward Patterson to protect his outposts. He has now sent all in the same direction. You will have to act without them.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

A. VEZIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD SUB-DISTRICT,Pilot Knob, November 16, 1864.

Captain P. D. McClanahan, commanding detachment of Second and Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry, with 150 officers and enlisted men, will proceed to Patterson, Mo., from whence he will march in the direction of Cherokee Bay, scouring the country over which he passes thoroughly. He will march with rapidity and precaution, guarding against surprise. He will disperse all bands of armed rebels, guerrillas, and bushwhackers, and will also ascertain if there is any rebel force below; if so, their strength, condition, &amp;c. A portion of Colonel Hiller's command (Cape Girardeau troops) are scouting in the country below. If Captain McClanahan should have a chance to meet or communicate with the commanding officer of this scout he will co-operate with them.

* * * * *

G. D. O. KELLMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKLIN, MO., November 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

The Meramec bridge, Numbers 2, will be completed to-morrow evening and train can be passed early Friday morning. I await further orders.

SAMUEL G. KNEE,

Captain, Commanding Pioneer Corps.

