
SPRINGFIELD, November 16, 1864-7.20 p. m.

Colonel COLE,

Chief of Artillery:

If Fagan has remained north of the river with artillery, which is my present information, it would not be prudent to withdraw both batteries. One could be moved at once. One artillery company is much needed here to garrison Fort Numbers 1, where the men have fine quarters and will soon have good stables for horses. I would recommend the withdrawal of one battery and leaving one here for the present. I have quite a cavalry force in Northern Arkansas reconnoitering for information, and shall report the condition as soon as it is learned. Price crossed the Arkansas at Webber's Falls on the evening of the 7th instant, unmolested by any one after the Missouri troops left his trail.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FAYETTEVILLE, November 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

price crossed the Arkansas on Monday evening, November 7, about twelve hours ahead of us. Rebels are getting scarce, and cold-weather Union men are beginning to come in and ask protection. Mr. Linburger has gone to Springfield and will see about his man himself.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., November 16, 1864.

Colonel M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Commanding at Fayetteville:

I return my compliments and respects to you and congratulate you on your successful defense of Fayetteville against the attack of Fagan's division. Has Fagan crossed the river or not? General Thomas is anxious for Colonel Benteen's regiment to come to Nashville at once Communicate with him if you have not already done so.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FAYETTEVILLE, ARK., November 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Springfield:

My information is that Fagan's division, with the artillery, went back and crossed the river with Price. I know that over two-thirds of that column went that way. Freeman, Dobbin, Crandall, and others took about 2,000 men east toward Batesville, and it is reported that Fagan in person went with them, though I doubt it. Colonel Benteen is marching by way of Bentonville, Pineville, and Newtonia, and must be near Cassville now. I think you can communicate with him much sooner than I.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.

