
INDEPENDENCE, MO., October 17, 1864--5 p. m.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Kansas City, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that the militia regiments ordered to repair to this post from Shawneetown yesterday refused to cross the State line this morning until after I made them a speech explaining the object of the movement, and promised to accompany them and see that they are "not ordered too far into the State." They are arriving here as I write and seem to be in good spirits. I apprehend considerable difficulty in inducing them to march farther into Missouri, and I shall regret if the necessity arises to make the effort. They know their rights under the militia laws of our State and will not tamely submit to an effort to move them far from their homes unless the necessity is great and apparent. General Blunt passed through Pleasant Hill to-day, moving toward Warrensburg. Major Smith has not yet returned, but is expected in during the night. He will doubtless bring some reliable information respecting the strength and where-abouts of Price's army. I cannot persuade myself to believe that his army is moving in this direction in considerable force. A few days will certainly determine this perplexing business. I shall remain here until Major Smith returns, perhaps longer. The militia have no rations and I find there are no supplies here. Will you please see that some are forwarded at once. Perhaps rations had better be issued in bulk to Colonel Ford's quartermaster, and he issue to regiments or detachments here. We shall require about 10,000 rations for five days.

Please communicate with me here to-morrow, and believe me to be, in great haste,

Truly, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. DEITZLER,

Major-General, Kansas State Militia.

CAMP CHARLOT, October 17, 1864.

Colonel LEARNARD,

Shawnee Mission:

Heavy firing heard to-day at Warrensburg in direction of Lexington. Have your forces ready to move where we can best help our comrades in the effort to crush the foe. Colonel Blair is ordered forward to strengthen Deitzler.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

PAOLA, KANS., October 17, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

My scouts east of Coldwater Grove were pursued by a small force of enemy, estimated at 100, yesterday, near Johnstown, twenty miles east of Butler. Have started a large force to ascertain what is going on, and if enemy are moving south.

S. A. DRAKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

