
MACON, November 16, 1864-9 p. m.

(Received 10.35 a. m. 17th.)

Captain FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have received your order touching return of troops on the 20th instant. It shall be done.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS HANNIBAL SUB-DISTRICT,Hannibal, Mo., November 16, 1864.

Brigadier General CLINTON B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri:

GENERAL: I have countermanded the order to Colonel Howland, Sixty-ninth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, and no force will be sent to Macon by him. Have also sent orders to Colonel Warmoth, but possibly he may have already sent forward men in obedience to orders from Colonel H[owland] of the 10th instant. I am not familiar enough with the condition of the different companies in this sub-district to designate the particular companies or parts of same that should be retained in service for the present. I am well satisfied that the state of the country demands that from 50 to 100 men should be kept on duty for a month longer at least. My own opinion is that fifty picket men, well mounted and armed, and under a good officer, will be ample for each of the counties of Ralls, Marion, Shelby, Knox, Lewis, Clark, and Scotland. There will be an immediate use for these men in picking up conscripts, as the draft is now progressing at this point. Marion County was favored yesterday; 182 names were drawn, and the deputy, with a detail furnish by me, is now waking them up in the interior of the county. Randolph County takes her turn in the wheel this p.m. Then will come Howard, Linn, Clark, Knox, Schuyler, &amp;c., in the order I have named, I believe. This is gratifying to all loyal men, as it will help us purify the interior. It follows closely upon the heels of our late glorious victory at the polls. As I have said, I think all but the force spoken of of the Enrolled Missouri Militia can well be relieved from active service. I am hoping Colonel Hayward will return this week, as I am driven to the wall with work in paymaster's office, and the military honors that hover over me will, I fear, prove the straw that will break, &c. I expect to be in Macon on Friday night to spend night there, when i hope to see you. If matters in this district are somewhat neglected, I trust you will overlook it, as far as you can conscientiously do so, for we are striving to do the best we can.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

T. D. PRICE,

Major Thirty-eighth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, &c.

FORT SCOTT, KANS., November 16, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Troops coming by different routes from pursuit of Price generally well, but subsisting on meat rations and only grass for horses. I came by Fort Gibson. That post is quite destitute of everything necessary to troops. I sent General Blunt around by Fort Smith with a regi-

