
ment to give further security and prestige to that post. Colonel Blair informs me he found another of Price's cannon concealed near this place during his flight; also a large amount of ammunition thrown into wells. Ia m in telegraphic communication with my headquarters, where I expect to arrive to-morrow night.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

IN CAMP ON PEA RIDGE, ARK., November 16, 1864.

Colonel C. R. JENNISON,

Commanding Brigade:

SIR: The undersigned officers with this command respectfully protest against the indiscriminate pilfering and robbing of private citizens, and especially of defenseless women and children, that has marked the line of march of this division of the Army of the Border from the Arkansas River to this point. While we are all in favor of the complete destruction of the property of bushwhackers and of those who harbor them, we think that no property should be taken or destroyed without the express order of the officer commanding. If soldiers are permitted to rob and plunder without discrimination, the result must be demoralization of the men and disgrace to the officers and the service, in which we are unwilling to share.

We have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

James Ketner, major, commanding Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry; W. D. McLain, captain Independent Battery, Colorado; James H. Dodge, captain Ninth Wisconsin Light Battery; S. B. Davis, surgeon, U. S. Volunteers; J. P. Erickson, surgeon Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry; Nathan Ames, captain Company A, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry; John Kendall, captain Company D, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry; J. W. Hall, captain Company G, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry;H. W. Stubblefield, captain Company H, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry; John K. Wright, captain Company B, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry; N. C. Credit, captain Company K, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry; T. J. Ferril, chaplain, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry; W. B. Halyard, first Lieutenant and quartermaster, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry; W. H. Pierce, first lieutenant Company M, Second Colorado Cavalry; J. W. Hendrix, first lieutenant Company C, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry; A. Montgomery, first lieutenant Company A, sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry; Geo. S. Eayre, first lieutenant Independent Battery Colorado Volunteer Artillery; M. S. Beach, lieutenant, Independent Battery Colorado Volunteer Artillery; H. A. Hicks, second lieutenant, Ninth Wisconsin Battery; Silas Dexter, second lieutenant Company D, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry; Chas. Ballance, second lieutenant Company C, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry; Charles Byer, second lieutenant Company I and quartermaster Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry; J. Malcolm, second lieutenant Company F, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry.

