
FORT LEAVENWORTH, November 16, 1864.

Captain H. E. PALMER,

Olathe:

You must be able to resist an attack from bushwhackers at Olathe. I think your information of a raid needs confirmation. Let me know of anything new, as I have not heard from any other sources of their presence in Missouri or on the line.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OLATHE, November 16, 1864.

Captain CRAIGIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am able to repel any attack on this station. Fifty bushwhackers crossed the Missouri River at Richard, eight miles below Kansas City, two days ago. They have been seen in large bodies below Westport and Kansas City. I fear nor raid, but it is a possibility, hence my statement concerning horses.

H. E. PALMER,

Captain, Commanding Troops in Johnston County.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, November 16, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to inclose copies of dispatches* of 2nd and 3rd instant from Major R. H. Rose, Second Minnesota Cavalry, commanding Fort Wadsworth, from which you will learn that the breach between those of the upper bands of Sioux, who are anxious for peace, and those determined to continue the war, is evidently widening, and the former are seeking every opportunity to come in and claim the protection of the military authorities. I have already employed quite a number of the friendly Sissetons for the last three months in general scouting duty and in intercepting raiding parties from the hostile camps, and they have rendered excellent service. It is my intention to increase this description of force by the addition of the warriors who have already come in, and will do so during the winter, so as to have them prepared to co-operate with the troops in the spring operations against the savages, who still maintain a defiant attitude. No pay will be allowed them, but I shall station some trusty scouts in their camp and direct that an occasional issue of rations shall be made to the Indians whenever they are found in a destitute condition. This policy will tend greatly to strengthen the friendly element, and will go far toward closing hostilities with the upper bands at an early period. You will perceive that two hostile Indians were killed by the scouts on the James River on the 2nd instant, and that an attack was threatened on the party of soldiers guarding the hay at a distance from the fort. The detachment, however, had been re-enforced, and no danger was apprehend on their account. I have directed Lieutenant-Colonel

---------------

*See pp. 408, 424.

---------------

