
Pfaender to dispatch a force to break up a trading establishment on the head of the Redwood River, mentioned by Major Rose, as the parties interested are doing all in their power to frustrate the plans of the Government by encouraging the return of the Sioux Indians from the Missouri Reservation to their old haunts on the tributaries of the Upper Minnesota River.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,New Orleans, La., November 17, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Mil. Div. of West Miss., New Orleans, La.,

SIR: I have the honor to submit to your consideration a statement of the information received at this office this 17th day of November 1864, from the following sources, the statement of James H. Smith, refugee from Smith County, Miss., made at Vicksburg, Miss., November 7; the statement of James McDonald, deserter from Hood's army, Vicksburg, Miss., November 8; the statement of Robert Day, deserter from Shaw's Arkansas regiment, Vicksburg, Miss., November 8:

Wood's brigade and Major G. W. Stubb's battalion of State troops are camped twenty-four miles south of Jackson, Miss., and six miles west of Pearl River. Stubb's battalion numbers about 175 mounted men, and Wood's brigade about 2,000 mounted. Captain Cobb commands 110 independent scouts, with headquarters at Raymond, Miss. Between Raymond and Port Gibson there are two companies of scouts under Captain Whitaker and Captain Conhan. James McDonald was a member of the Helena Light Battery from Arkansas in Cleburne's division, Hardee's corps, which he deserted on the 5th of October. They were then between Marietta and Big Shanty. The corps did not number more than 8,000, but they were in good condition. October 25 General Magruder was in command at Camden, Ark. Churchill's division was eight or ten miles west from Camden on Washington road. Polignac's division was in the town at Camden, estimated at 3,000 infantry. Forney's division (probably part of Walker's) was posted near Camden, on Washita River, numbering 2,000 infantry. Parsons' Missouri division was near Camden. It consisted of four brigades, commanded by Generals McNair, Tappan, Hawthorn, and [Colonel Gause], and is estimated as high as 6,000 men. Only three batteries were known by the informant to be at Camden, the heaviest of which was four 24-pounders. Parsons' cavalry division, 3,000 strong, extends from Warren, Drew County, Ark., to within five miles of Gaines' Landing and three miles from the Mississippi. The Arkansas troops expect to be ordered across the Mississippi and are much dissatisfied on account of it. They expect to cross above Catfish Bend, above Gaines' Landing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. JACKSON,

Second Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

38 R R-VOL XLI, PT IV

