HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, November 17, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that Jos. R. Wing, a deserter from Camp Watts, states that there are about 300 conscripts at that place. At Montgomery, Ala., there were but two companies of Confederate troops and one of militia; does not know their number, and knows nothing of any other troops in that vicinity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BAILEY,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La., November 17, 1864.

Captain FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Defenses of New Orleans:

Herewith I have the honor to hand you the report* made by Captain Toms, Eleventh Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, of an unsuccessful expedition made under my orders for the purposes of destroying flats and boats used by King's and Whitaker's guerrillas. They proceeded under the guidance of one Scout Decker to the points where boats were supposed to be, but were driven back by what were supposed to be an overpowering force of the enemy. I have sent another expedition with a proper guide which I think promises success. Every effort will be used to break up this means of rebel communication.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La., November 17, 1864.

Colonel C. L. HARRIS,

Commanding, Brashear City:

The general commanding directs that you send the steamer Cornie and a gun-boat this afternoon with 200 infantry armed and equipped, under command of a trusty fighting field officer, up to Bayou Portage, at the head of Lake Fausse Pointe. They will take with them eighty rounds of ammunition and three days' rations, starting from Brashear City in time to arrive at Bayou Portage at or a little before daylight. Landing immediately they will proceed carefully and rapidly, with Mr. Decker as a guide, to the point where King's boats are said to be hid. If found they will be at once completely destroyed. On no account will this force remain on land at this place over six hours, as the rebels can easily be re-enforced. Unnecessary delay might cause the whole command to be lost. You will see that the most positive orders are given and carried out to prevent pillaging by the troops. Let the commanding officers know that they will be held strictly accountable for the conduct of the troops under their command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

