
guerrillas tauntingly say, we hold the towns while they hold the country. Less than a battalion under an efficient officer should never, except in urgent cases, be stationed to themselves. It is nw a necessity to put the troops into winter quarters, and from these quarters they can operate, and if active and faithful can keep the country scoured for many miles. At present the force of cavalry in the district, amounting to only about 1,000 effective men mounted, is stationed at Pleasant Hill, Warrensburg, Sedalia, La Mine bridge, and one squadron at Lexington. I am satisfied that there are now fewer guerrillas in this district than there have been for eight months, and the anxiety of the people for the presence of troops is more the result of trepidation and apprehension resulting from the terrible outrages by guerrillas in the recent past than any real danger in the immediate future. There is, however, this fact, that in La Fayette County and Saline, what few loyal men are there hover in and about the capital towns, and a few troops at such points give security to this class and afford a place of refuge for the few loyalists in the country when driven from home. My purpose is, therefore, to employ the Forty-fifth Infantry Missouri Volunteers from Jefferson City to the La Mine bridge, and station the two squadrons now at the La Mine bridge at Marshall, Saline County, and to keep one full squadron at Lexington. At Kansas City there is no force except one company of Enrolled Missouri Militia. The cry there, too, is for more troops. One or two companies there would be sufficient. If the force in that part of the district be increased, it will have to be done from the Enrolled Missouri Militia. I would be grateful for any suggestion the department commander may deem fit to make in the premises.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding District.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, November 24, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

The design of General Order 107, from these headquarters, was for the citizens of the various towns in the State to organize for self-protection, as the limited number of troops in the department would not admit of their being stationed in towns. Loyal people are best protected by keeping all volunteer troops in the field to break up and destroy guerrilla bands.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, November 17, 1864-4.40 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

There are in the Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia 121 dismounted men, counting horses unfit for any service. General condition of horses good; all need rest. They are much worn. First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, sixty-one dismounted men in seven companies; others not yet heard from. General condition good considering recent services; need rest. Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, sixty-

