
with all possible dispatch to Devall's Bluff, reporting on your arrival to the commanding officer at that point, who will further instruct you as advised by the major-general commanding the department.

By order of Brigadier-General Dennis:

WM. E. KUHN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., October 16, 1864.

Major-General STEELE:

Lieutenant Grove has returned from the four days' scout. He made the round I designated. Harrison's cavalry brigade is at Monticello. Parsons' cavalry division has been ordered back to Monticello. He did not hear anything from Magruder. After he crossed Bayou Bartholomew on the South Bend road about 200 cavalry got after him and pressed him pretty hard, but he managed by crossing the bayou twice to elude them. I look for Colonel Erskine back to-night or to-morrow morning. Colonel Sackett started back at 1 p.m.to-day on Annie Jacobs.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, October 16, 1864.

Colonel STAGER,

City Point:

Price's force still occupy the south side of the Missouri River from Boonville to Independence. General Curtis' Kansas force is reported to have had some skirmishing with Price's advance, and fell back on the Kansas line. General Rosecrans is operating on the line of Pacific Railroad in Price's rear. We have southwest line working to Cassville, on Arkansas border. Southeast line O. K. to New Madrid, Mo., and western works to Sedalia. Rebels burned some depots on North Missouri Railroad last night, but they have been driven out, and our line works through to Macon. Rebels have plundered Boonville, Independence, Sedalia, and several other towns recently.

R. C. CLOWRY,

Assistant Quartermaster.

SAINT LOUIS, October 16, 1864-5 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Jefferson City, Mo.:

The Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad was all right yesterday. Major Blacker, First Nebraska Cavalry, came through, and has reported to-day for duty.

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, October 16, 1864-9.50 p.m.

Colonel JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff, Jefferson City, Mo.:

Major Blacker represents that active preparations are being made for defense at Saint Joseph. Stores all closed; every able-bodied man

