
should be ordered back without delay. It is quite difficult to explain by letter the actual condition of affairs, but I have collected all the items and records, and will make a full statement on my return to New Orleans. The route from this point to Fort Smith I consider impracticable, and I have instructed General Thayer to at once make arrangements for supplying Fort Smith from Little Rock. If the road from here to Fort Scott is what they represent it to be, this garrison should be supplied from there, although many articles cold be brought by river, if advantage is taken of high water. I will report more fully on the route after going over it. I desire to correct one statement made in a former report relative to McDonald &amp; Co. I stated they had driven 25,000 head of cattle from this country, which is not correct. They have taken from here, through their agents, from 6,000 to 10,000 head. the others were taken by different operators from Kansas, and several officers are said to be mixed up in the affair. I will examine the matter more fully.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., November 18, 1864.

Colonel S. H. WATTLES,

Commanding Indian Brigade:

SIR: I sent you a dispatch on the 15th instant, directing you to send one regiment and part of another to meet the train from Fort Scott, which I trust you did promptly. I wish you also to send up the remaining half of the regiment to meet it, with a couple of howitzers, if you have not already sent them. Start them immediately, with orders for all your re-enforcements to go until they meet the train. I do not suppose there is any force north of the river that can attack the train, but I wish to make it doubly sure. The Second Kansas Colored is now on its way to Fort Gibson.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., November 18, 1864.

Major J. H. GILLPATRICK,

Commanding Second Kansas Colored Volunteers:

The general commanding directs you to proceed to Fort Gibson, C. N., Ind. Terr., with your regiment, and on arrival at that place report to Colonel S. H. Wattles, commanding Indian Brigade for orders. Respectfully,

OWEN A. BASSETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

LEXINGTON, November 18, 1864.

General FISK:

I am at this place with Companies E, F, and G, of Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry, and detachments from several companies under

