
Before they went into the service of their beloved Confederacy they were certain that Price would hold the State, but after finding out their mistake they, knowing that their property would be liable to confiscation, return and express themselves willing to be forgiven. All the old king rebels have gone to Saint Louis and Illinois, and their families are now preparing to follow. I will move from here to-morrow and will leave a force here, and will make some point on the North Missouri Railroad and report to you in person. I will report to you from Keytesville and Glasgow by letter.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. J. CRANDALL,

Captain, Commanding Forces in Lewis and Chariton Counties, Mo.

BOONVILLE, November 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

Bill Stewart, the noted bushwhacker, who has been operating with Anderson last summer, was killed this morning just across the river, by W. H. Busford, of Johnson County. Busford crossed the river yesterday evening late with a drove of cattle, and was en route to Mexico, Mo. This morning early Stewart surrounded the house at which Busford was stopping and ordered him out. Busford declined going. Stewart then forced the door. The Busford killed him. The balance fled. Four revolvers were taken off his person. His body is now in Boonville. Busford asks if you won't give him an escort to Mexico, Mo.

M. SUTHERLAND.
HDQRS. INDEPENDENT BATTLN., MINNESOTA VOL. CAV.,Fort Abercrombie, Dak. Terr., November 18, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Minnesota:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I have discontinued the patrol duty between this post and Pembina, Dak. Terr., and have stationed Lieutenant Gerald, Company D, Independent Battalion Minnesota Volunteer Cavalry, with forty of his men at Georgetown, Minn. The occupation of this point is of the utmost importance in keeping open the U. S. mail route between Abercrombie and Pembina. Located as it is in the very center of the Indian country, between the Sioux and Chippewa Nations, a small force sufficient, as a matter of course, to defend itself in any emergency stationed there will have the effect to overawe the evil-disposed portion of these Indians and prevent any hostile demonstration along the line of the Red River below this point.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

C. POWELL ADAMS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 19, 1864-1.45 p. m.

(Received 10.30 a. m. 26th.)

Major-General CANBY,

New Orleans:

Please report what has been done with the boats belonging to Ellet's marine fleet. If you still retain them and desire to use them as transports I can recommend good person to take charge of and run them.

