
Hope you are recovering from your wounds. The news that you were dangerously wounded affected your friends deeply, and well all rejoice at the late more favorable accounts.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Disposition of the Marine Brigade Fleet.

Steamer Diana, Morganza; steamer Baltic, Morganza; steamer Autocrat, Memphis; steamer Raine, Memphis; steamer Adams, Vicksburg; steamer Fairchild, Vicksburg; ram Monarch, New Orleans; ram Switzerland, New Orleans; tow-boat Lioness, New Orleans; tow-boat Horner, New Orleans; tow-boat Fulton, Natchez; tug Belle Darlington, Vicksburg; tug Cleveland, New Orleans; tug Alf. Cutling, Morganza. These boats were nearly all in bad condition when received from Marine Brigade. Several of them are now at Saint Louis being overhauled and repaired. They are all required for reserve transportation and post service at different points on the river in this military division. It is thought that they can be taken care of and ran by the quartermaster's department. They are and will be necessarily so much scattered that any person appointed to the general charge of them would hardly be able to manage them as well as the different quartermasters now in charge of and responsible for them.

C. G. S[AWTELLE].

NEW ORLEANS, LA., November 19, 1864-3 p. m.

(Received 5 p. m., 25th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch of the 7th has been received, and the necessary preparations are being made accordingly, so far as the means at my disposal will permit. The order placing the posts on the east bank of the Mississippi under my sole control has also been received, and will be productive of satisfactory results. I have placed General Dana in command of the Districts of West Tennessee and Vicksburg, and would recommend that the authority of a department commander be conferred upon him so far as questions of administration are concerned. I would call attention to the fact that the greater portion of the troops of this command have not been paid since April last, and that much suffering and dissatisfaction has arisen in consequence.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,New Orleans, La., November 19, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Mil. Div. of West Miss., New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I have the honor to submit to your consideration a statement of the information received at this office this 19th day of November, 1864, from the following source, a report from Lieutenant G. G. Curtiss, Baton Rouge, La., November 13:

Colonel Scott's regiment is reported much disorganized, only about 150 effective men remaining. Much smuggling is reported through

39 R R-VOL XLI, PT IV

