
negroes, 55 scattering cavalry, Sixteenth. Details: Fitzgerald's company, 60; attaches post quartermaster, 200; Hodges, 350; commissary men, 21; McNutt's soldiers, 21; sutler citizens, 16; Insley's teamsters, 89; convalescents, 59; in all, about 2,500. The Ninth Kansas, Colonel Tracy, 800 strong, are just leaving for Atchison, where the colonel and Governor Carney informed me you had ordered them. The detail ordered for her and Leavenworth was 800 and one company of cavalry. I know of no other organizations. Fort on the hill completed. Section artillery sent last night with negroes as ordered. Artillery ready for action: Six 24-pounder guns, one 8-inch mortar, two brass pieces, and four rifled guns.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 17, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Shall I order the Ninth Kansas, Colonel Tracy, to report to you? The Grant is here and can take the infantry; cavalry can go by land. They go to-night.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,Kansas City, Mo., October 17, 1864.

General DAVIES,

Fort Leavenworth:

Yes; send the regiment down by water and land. Blunt, in advance on Sedalia line, reports enemy left for Lexington, where heavy firing was heard to-day.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH KANSAS, Numbers 125. Fort Leavenworth, October 17, 1864.

1. By direction of Major-General Curtis, commanding Department of Kansas, Colonel Tracy, commanding Ninth Regiment Kansas State Militia, will immediately report to these headquarters for orders. He will not proceed to Atchison.

2. In compliance with orders from Major-General Curtis, commanding Department of Kansas, Colonel Tracy, commanding Ninth Regiment Kansas State Militia, will move his regiment to Wyandotte without delay and report of Major-General Curtis. The mounted portion of the regiment and train will march by land; the remainder will go by water. The quartermaster will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Brigadier General Thomas A. Davies:

D. J. CRAIGIE,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

