
Lake Maurepas, Bayou Manchac, and at other points in that vicinity; also at different points on the river below Baton Rouge. The supplied in the country back of Baton Rouge are nearly exhausted and the people openly acknowledge that they divide the supplies obtained at Baton Rouge with the rebel soldiers.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. JACKSON,

Second Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 189. New Orleans, La., November 19, 1864.

1. The following-named troops will be held ready for field service, and their commanders will report by letter to Brigadier General J. W. Davidson, chief of cavalry, Military Division of West Mississippi, for orders: The cavalry division, at Baton Rouge, comprising Sixth Missouri Cavalry, Eleventh New York Cavalry, Fourteenth New York Cavalry, Second Illinois Cavalry, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry, One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Mounted Infantry, First Wisconsin Horse Artillery; separate cavalry brigade, at Morganza, comprising First Texas Cavalry, First Louisiana Cavalry, Second New York [Veteran] Cavalry, Chicago Mercantile Horse Artillery (within Defenses of New Orleans).

* * *

4. In consequence of the transfer of the Eleventh Regiment Missouri Veteran Infantry beyond the limits of this command, Special Orders, Numbers 72, paragraph 7, from these headquarters, directing the consolidation of the Seventh and Eleventh Regiment Missouri Volunteers, is rendered inoperative and is hereby revoked. The special order issued from headquarters Nineteenth Army Corps, directing the Seventh Regiment Missouri Volunteers to be consolidated into three companies, is confirmed.

* * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY, Numbers 24. New Orleans, La., November 19, 1864.

I. Colonel O. P. Gooding, Thirty-first Massachusetts Infantry Volunteers, is hereby temporarily relieved from the operations of Special Orders, Numbers 22, paragraph I, dated headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, Office Chief of Cavalry, November 11, 1864, and will report in person to Brigadier General J. W. Davidson, chief of cavalry, Military Division of West Mississippi.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.

