
NEW ORLEANS, November 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General LAWLER:

Every available mounted man and officer fit for field service in the First Texas, First Louisiana, and Second New York [Veteran] Cavalry will march as soon as practicable from Morganza to West Baton Rouge. Three wagons to a regiment will be allowed for transportation. They will be closely inspected and prepared for active field service. All useless lumber will be left behind. The march will be moderate, so as to bring the animals and men in good condition. Officers unfit for active duty will remain in charge of dismounted detachments and sick. As much forage as possible will be taken and field rations of provisions. On arriving at West Baton Rouge the senior officer will report his command to Brigadier-General Lee at east Baton Rouge and receive orders from him. No pillaging or scattering will be allowed on the line of march, and nothing will be taken from the country except forage, if absolutely necessary, and then only by quartermasters on vouchers. The levee road is probably the best, but if the road around False River is equally as good and but little farther it may be taken. Baggage must be cut down to the minimum. Answer.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., November 19, 1864.

Major General J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER, C. S. Army,

Commanding Department of Arkansas:

GENERAL: If it can be ascertained that any troops under my command have violated the rules of civilized warfare in the manner which you describe, they shall answer for it. It is the first intimation that I have had of anything of the sort, and I hope it will be found that there is some mistake in the report, or it would have leaked out here before this. I have certainly never given any one reason to believe that I would tolerate such transactions. A member of my staff will be sent out to meet Colonel Logan, and will take pains to get all the information he can in regard to the matter.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 287. Little Rock, Ark., November 19, 1864.

* * *

10. Lieutenant Colonel S. C. Benham will proceed with a fleet of transports, now at Devall's Bluff, down White River and up the Arkansas, reporting to Major-General Reynolds and the commander of the gun-boat fleet at mouth of White River for advice, if they can be found. The fleet will proceed up the Arkansas to Little Rock with all possible dispatch, except such boats as may have freight for Pine Bluff. Guards to protect the respective boats will be furnish by Brigadier-General Andrews, commanding at Devall's Bluff.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

