
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

MEMPHIS, TENN., November 5, 1864.

I, George H. Ellery, agent for the purchase of products of insurrectionary States on behalf of the Government of the United States, at Memphis, Tenn., do hereby certify that I have agreed to purchase from W. J. Carlyle and George L. Nicholls, of Memphis, 2,500 bales of cotton, which products, it is represented, are, or will be, at Laconia,* in the county of desha,* in the States of Arkansas and Mississippi, on the -day of-, 1864, and which he stipulates shall be delivered to me, unless prevented from so doing by the authority of the United States. I therefore request safe conduct for the said W. J. Carlyle and Nicholls and his means of transportation for said products from the above States to Memphis, where the products so transferred are to be sold and delivered to me, under the stipulation referred to above, and pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury.

GEO. H. ELLERY,

U. S. Purchasing Agent.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Brigadier-General BUFORD,

Helena, Ark.:

GENERAL: I have received with much pleasure your letter, which gives me assurance that I was not wrong in my preconceived idea of your readiness to give your zealous support to the expressed wish of the President. I know that he is one of the strongest advocates for promoting the objects assigned especially to me in this section. In furtherance of these orders, I have naturally "tied" to those who appeared best posted and most likely to render the Government the right assistance. My first transaction under these orders has been with George L. Nicholls, who appears to me as one of the sort just referred to. I beg you will give him every conceivable service within the scope of your duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE H. ELLERY,

U. S. Purchasing Agent.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, Ark., November 16, 1864.

To whom it may concern:

George L. Nicholls is hereby authorized to leave Helena on any steam-boat and land at any point garrisoned by U. S. troops, or with the permission of any naval officer and under his protection to land, while under the protection of his guns, at any place within this district. He has authority from G. H. Ellery, U. S. purchasing agent, to purchase cotton. This permit does not allow G. L. Nicholls to go beyond the protection of the military posts or remain on shore after the gun-boats have left the place where he landed. He is also authorized to land small lots of bagging, bale rope, and twine for the use of persons who have contracted with him for the sale of cotton under the express understanding that it is to be used in baling the cotton he has purchased. This pass is good for thirty days.

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*The works Laconia and Desha erased in original.-W. P. B[AINBRIDGE].

---------------

