
[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

Copy of indorsement on printed Treasury instructions, dated October 5, 1864, signed W. P. Fessenden, Secretary of the Treasury, and addressed to George H. Ellery, Esq., New York:

[Indorsement.]

The above is a true and accurate copy of original instructions which I have given to Mr. Nicholls as an especial favor.

GEORGE H. ELLERY,

U. S. Purchasing Agent.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

MILITARY ORDER REGULATING STEAM-BOATS IN THE LOWER MISSISSIPPI.

Through the exertions of Captain Dan. Able and Mr. George Pegram, the order in regard to steam-boats landing for fuel, &amp;c., in the lower Mississippi has been modified to an extent that will enable boats to prosecute their business below Cairo free from the annoyance to which they have been subjected for a few days past. The following order, which is now in force, will be of interest to the owners and officers of boats trading in the lower Mississippi:

GENERAL ORDERS, U. S. MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON, FLAG-SHIP BLACK HAWK, Numbers 9. Mound City, Ill., November 10, 1864.

The attention of commanding officers in this squadron is particularly called to the printed orders if the Navy Department, dated March 31 and September 11, 1863, and the order of the President of the United States, dated January 26, 1864, and to the circulars and regulations of the Treasury Department, for regulating commercial intercourse with and in the States declared in insurrection, to which these orders refer. Divisional and other commanding officers should make themselves perfectly familiar with all the orders, regulations, and circulars on the subject. Transports in he service of the Army and Navy, and other steam-boats moving with goods and merchandise, in conformity to the aforementioned regulations of the Treasury Department, should whilst prosecuting their lawful business, receive all the protection and assistance that the gun-boats may be able, without injury to the public service, to give them, and they should be allowed to make proper landings to obtain necessary fuel, avoiding exposed and suspicious localities. Necessary protection and proper assistance will be given to Treasury agents in the performance of their duties, under the Treasury regulations. Like protection and assistance will be given for obtaining military supplies in the accessible and controllable portions of the insurrectionary region to parties duly authorized by the general commanding the military department. Landing the supplies requisite for the Government plantations is a necessary part of the system and is allowable. Landings for the above-mentioned purpose should be made by daylight only, and then all steam-boats should keep pickets out and steam up, and have their pilots and engineers at their respective posts, lines attended, and every precaution observed to prevent boarding and capture. A sound discretion must be exercised by commanding officers in performing the important and delicate duties confided to them that the public interests may be properly protected and the policy of the Government promoted.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding Mississippi Squadron.

