
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. RIGHT WING, 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 17. Saint Louis, Mo., November 19, 1864.

Division commanders will at once equip their commands for the field campaign. There will be allowed to each regiment three six-mule wagons and two ambulances, to each brigade headquarters two six-mule wagons, and to each division headquarters three six-mule wagons. In addition to these, to each brigade and division headquarters one medical supply wagon will be allowed. Each regiment will be supplied with fifty rounds of ammunition per man, including that in cartridge-boxes. Battery commanders will see that their ammunition chests are filled and the ammunition in good order. Requisitions will be sent in at once for whatever clothing and camp and garrison equipage is necessary to taken by the ordnance officer at these headquarters.

By order of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD SUB-DISTRICT,Pilot Knob, November 19, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS EWING, Jr.,

Commanding Saint Louis District:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit a report of the strength and condition of the enemy in and about the Third Sub-District of Saint Louis. I have reliable information that Dick Berryman is encamped on Eleven Points River with about 200 men, badly armed, and have but little ammunition. Deserters are coming in rapidly from Price's army, and report that about 2,000 conscripts are on their way back to different parts of Missouri. The expedition sent from Cape Girardeau and this place I think will effectually disperse the rebel band of Dick Berryman and other small squads in Southeast Missouri. Most of the deserters, in my opinion, abandoned Price as soon as they found he would not be able to hold the State. A guerrilla chief by the name of Charles Polk infests the southern part of Madison County. His force is reported to be about sixty strong. I have no very reliable information concerning his whereabouts, but have instructed the commanding officer at Fredericktown to look after him.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. MAUPIN,

Lieutenant Colonel 47th Mo. Infty. Vols., Commanding 3rd Sub-Dist. of Saint Louis.

P. S.-I have just received pretty reliable information that the different bands of guerrillas and bushwhackers in the southeast portion of the State and the northern part of Arkansas are preparing to go to Texas, probably to join Price, who is said to be moving in the direction of Red River. Dick Berryman is also reported to be on his way thither.

A. W. M.

