HEADQUARTERS,Waynesville, Mo., November 19, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN McNEIL,

Commanding District of Rolla, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I have this day assumed command of this post.

Very respectfully, your obedient,

J. B. KAISER,

Major, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., November 19, 1864.

Major MOORE,

Commanding, Cassville:

Companies G and H, Seventh Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, and Companies D and F, Forty-sixth Infantry, have been ordered to Cassville and are on the road or there now. Colonel Allen was ordered not to send any company of his regiment from a post until other troops had arrived. Books and blanks will be sent by the first train and requisition for same to be signed and returned at once.

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., November 19, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth:

MAJOR: For the information of the general commanding I have the honor to forward an extract, taken from the Junction City Union, and which expresses fully the sentiment of the people on the western border. I also very respectfully state that it expresses fully my opinion on same subject, and I earnestly hope that the general commanding will see fit to take advantage of the present favorable opportunity to inaugurate a thorough campaign against the hostile Indians, and especially against the Kiowas, as in my opinion no permanent peace can ever be established until that tribe is made to feel the power of the Government. As the matter now stands, there is no doubt but that all the plain indians believe that they have been successful in the war, and that nay peace made now will be made under that impression and will be violated as soon as it is to their advantage to do so. It is the opinion of every one conversant with the Indians habits that the winter and spring is the proper time to make a successful campaign against them, as at that time their ponies and horses are in poor condition, nor are they prepared to move with that rapidity otherwise that renders them so hard to succeed against. With 2,000 additional troops in a campaign of three months, from the middle of January to the middle of April, the whole Indian combination could be broken up and the tribes scattered, and the miserable, treacherous Kiowas annihilated, which I most earnestly recommend.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. HENNING,

Major Third Wisconsin Cavalry, Commanding District.

