
gations in this regard. As their office, however, was only temporarily connected with military protection, I directed Colonel Ten Broeck that as soon as they should return from a tour of a week or so in the counties west of Keokuk (on which tour they left about the 12th instant), they should be ordered back to Saint Louis, unless their discoveries should be such as demanded your attention and their further stay. I have written Colonel Darr, provost-marshal-general, Saint Louis, quite fully as to the service they were sent for the perform.

With great respect, general, your obedient servant,

T. C. H. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., November 19, 1864.

Major R. H. ROSE,

Commanding Fort Wadsworth, Dak. Terr.:

MAJOR: Your dispatch of the 2nd instant to these headquarters containing information of the arrival of and your interview with Red Feather has been received. While it is the policy of the brigadier-general commanding to encourage as far as practicable the coming in of the friendly disposed Sissetons and of their kindred bands, you were right in stating to them frankly that they must depend as usual upon their own exertions for subsistence, while at the same time they will receive military protection against the attacks of the hostile savages. The proposition of Gabriel Renville, as expressed in your dispatch, to place all of the Indians in the camp under his charge on the same footing as to rations, without pay in any other form being allowed to particular individuals, will be considered when Major Brown shall have reported on the subject after having examined the whole ground.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., November 20, 1864.

(Via Cairo 27th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: Your dispatch of the 12th instant has been received. I have already been advised by General Rosecrans that under instructions from General Grant the forces under General A. J. Smith had been ordered to Nashville, Tenn., To meet this contingency the commanding officer at Memphis was authorized, in the event of his being threatened by Beauregard or Hood, to call upon General Reynolds for assistance, and the latter has been instructed to furnish any re-enforcements that may be necessary for that purpose, and has accumulated sufficient transportation at the mouth of White River for any movement that may be necessary. Arrangements have already been made for the purpose of cutting the Mobile and Ohio Railroad at different places by movements from Memphis, Vicksburg, and Baton Rouge. I do not think General Steele should be held answerable for the advance of Price into Mis-

