
defeat. They report that he was badly defeated. My scouts have within the past three weeks brought in about 50 rebel prisoners without accident or loss to our side.

I beg to inclose one of my late orders, and am, very truly, your friend,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 57. Devall's Bluff, Ark., November 10, 1864.

The brigadier-general commanding calls the attention of the troops to the great advantage there is in discipline. He does not do this as a censure for lack of discipline, but to encourage them to the attainment of a higher standard of discipline. Our chief duty is to be ready-ready at all times to exert all the power our natures are capable of; ready to outmarch the enemy and sweep upon him unawares; ready to weary and exhaust him in watching and enduring; ready to deal unerring blows. It is discipline that enables us to be ready. "Discipline should exist in the sentiments and convictions rather than in external forms only." This declaration of an eminent writer on war should be in the mind of every soldier. Discipline is a matter of conscience. unless it is in the mind and heart of a soldier to execute well what id required of him he will not habitually execute it well. The well-disciplined soldier is one who takes a pride and pleasures in doing every duty as well as he can do it-who seeks to avoid doing things in a half-way manner. A soldier should not half do a thing. Whether it is to take aim at the enemy, come from a shoulder-arms to a support, or pay the courtesy of a salute, he should do it well. the reason that well-instructed and well-disciplined troops are so much admired is because they do things in a thorough manner. Discipline gives troops character and reputation. Character and reputation constitute moral power; and Napoleon has declared, and it is undoubtedly true, that in war moral power is three times as effective as physical power. This was illustrated when the Spanish army once gave way and fled as soon as it was known Conde was at the head of the column moving against them. Of course, a dread was inspired in troops that resisted Napoleon. Of course, a dread was inspired in troops that resisted Napoleon. His name and presence were a moral power to his armies equal perhaps to 50,000 men. So in regard to companies, regiments, brigades, divisions, corps, armies; if the enemy knows that they are finely disciplined, he dreads them. He may assault the position of such troops once, twice, perhaps the third time; but finally he falls back in dismay. But suppose he knows these troops to be undisciplined; he then eels that he can run over them,and is encouraged to preserve. If we would gain this re-enforcement of moral power, and be able to confront our enemies with it,let us with heartfelt zeal endeavor to attain it. It is within the reach of all. It is by living up to the letter and spirit of the regulations. Why should a soldier keep the plates on his arms and accouterments polished? Because, among other reasons, it indicates that he has the conscience to do what he solemnly undertook to do when he entered the service; because the bright appearance of his plates is an evidence of discipline, and is one of the number of things that contributes to the reputation of troops. Let the soldier recollect that in the faithful performance of these little duties he is helping to create that moral power which is so great a help to victory. Thus every private soldier can contribute something every

