
day to the good name of his regiment. If he is a true patriot and wishes to bring the war to a speedy and successful end, he will endeavor to make some improvement every day in his good soldiership. He will do his best everywhere and in everything.

By order of Brigadier General C. C. Andrews:

GEORGE MONROE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., November 20, 1864.

Captain GOODSPEED, or

SENIOR OFFICER IN COMMAND OF SCOUT:

CAPTAIN: The object of the scout up the river to-morrow is to capture rebel prisoners and obtain information. If practicable, land about 100 on the north shore of Little Red River, about one mile and a half up the river, to-morrow night, who will scout as far as they can and get back next afternoon to place of starting. After the boat has landed the 100 men it will proceed up the river, so as to land a sufficient number of the rest of the infantry and surround Augusta at daylight the next morning. Unless information is gained there making it unsafe, which it can hardly be, the cavalry will land and start off as early as possible, scouting down the rich country called the Point, taking prisoners, able-bodied negro men, and stock, and return so that the boat can start back before dark and take on the men near the mouth of Little Red River. By great promptitude and rapidity of movement the country visited can be surprised, in which case, doubtless, some important prisoners can be captured. It may be that it will be best for the infantry that is landed near the mouth of Little Red River to proceed on instead of returning, and come out and meet the boat opposite augusta. The scout must not be surprised, and if attacked will make a determined, fierce, and resolute fight. Economize every minute; thoroughly search every house and out-building where there is a probability of there being any rebels secreted. Returning, the cavalry will land opposite Des Arc, and scout the country down on the east of White River.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LEWISBURG, November 20, 1864.

(Received 10.30 a. m.)

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

There are 2,000 rebels on north side of river. They are to wait till the troops have returned to Little Rock, when they are to concentrate for an attack on this place. Stirman and the forces north met to-day on the Piney. One of Witt's female spies was in here yesterday. The information she took out will have a tendency to hold Witt's men off for a few days. Good portion of the rebels intend going south. The river not being fordable, great caution will have to be exercised by the steamers going to Fort Smith and especially on their return. I cannot send out any scouting parties, Captain Hamilton not having returned. River rising.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.

(Copy to General Steele.)

