
detail from your command a sufficient number of men, under an intelligent officer, to fire the grass immediately south of the bluffs bounding the Platte Valley on its southern side, extending the work to the east and west so as to meet the men engaged in the same work at the posts on your right and left. The intention is to fire the whole country from Julesburg to Little Blue River simultaneously, and burn it south a far as the Republican, if practicable, and thus render the plains untenable to hostile Indians. You will be careful that no fire is permitted to attack the grass north of the southern bluffs, or in the Platte Valley proper, and be sure that the work is started early enough in the morning to insure an effective burning before sundown.

By order of R. R. Livingston, colonel First Nebraska Cavalry Veteran Volunteers, commanding Eastern Sub-District of Nebraska:

F. A. McDONALD,

First Lieutenant, First Nebraska Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

SALT LAKE, UTAH TER., October 17, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

To render efficient the protection required the troops between Salt Lake and Kearny, inclusive, should be subject to my orders irrespective of department lines. Do I understand your telegram to mean-that? I will take from here two cavalry companies, but may require others now on the eastern road.

P. E. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT PAUL, October 17, 1864.

Major-General POPE:

GENERAL: Through remissness or connivance of the guard nearly halt of some companies of Eighth Regiment left camp last night and have gone home. They are determined to see their families before leaving. It will take a week to collect stragglers and place the regiment in an efficient condition. Please instruct me by telegraph. There are not more than 250 men in camp; 240 men left behind with Colonel Dill, on Missouri.

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MILWAUKEE, October 17, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

Saint Paul, Minn.:

Arrest officers implicated. Examine and report their names to me to be recommended for dismissal. Collect the regiment as rapidly as you can and telegraph me when they are ready to leave.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

