
on the Kate Hart and arrived at the mouth of White River on the morning of the 13th, and in the evening started up the Mississippi River. Landed at Laconia Landing on the 14th, but found no enemy and returned to the mouth of White River. On the 15th I started down the river. I landed at Williams' Landing, fifteen miles below the mouth of the Arkansas River, on the west side. I could hear of no force of Confederates at that point, but about five miles above there had been some wagons crossed from the east to the west side ofthe river, and quite a force had came down to guard them. I think it was a portion of the train under charge of Commissary Montgomery. At daylight on the morning of the 16th I landed at Stock Landing and captured a Confederate lieutenant who had charge of a scouting party there and one private soldier belonging to the same. I then proceeded about seven miles into the country and captured Commissary Montgomery, a captain, a lieutenant, and two privates, with a train of nine wagons, seven of which were loaded with tobacco and two with two large pontoons for crossing the river. He had an escort of about 100 men, and, notwithstanding his pickets saw me land, they did not try to fight. There were not more than fifty shots fired altogether. There were some 9 or 10 muskets captured and about the same number of horses, 37 mules and about 40 boxes of tobacco, weighing about 5,000 pounds. I then returned to Natchez, where I arrived on the 19th. Since my departure up the river, according to the best information I can obtain, the Confederate authorities have given up all idea of crossing any large body of troops across the Mississippi River. They are fortifying Alexandria, and have about 7,000 men there under command of General Buckner. Shreveport is strongly fortified, and reports vary as to their strength, giving their numbers from 4,000 to 6,000 men. General Kirby Smith is at that place. General Magruder, with about 5,000 men, is fortifying at Camden, on the Washita River. The Confederates are looking for two attacks, one up Red River and one at Galveston. They are building some gun-boats at the latter place. I learned officers on account of my uniform. He was on his way to Galveston to get upon a blockade runner. The steamer Sylph, which I seized for contraband trade, is at Vicksburg in charge of Major-General Dana. The full amount of property captured, the details of which are not fully arranged, will be given in my next report at the end of the month, and also the receipts for the property captured.

I. N. EARL,

First Lieutenant Co. D, 4th Wisconsin Cav., Commanding Special Scouts.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., November 20, 1864-3.05 p. m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

All my infantry troops have arrived and will embark on Tuesday to comply with your previous orders. I have two batteries at Paducah, and will join them to my command; also some 3,000 troops ordered to report to me at that point. Please inform me what disposition I shall make of them. I am informed that Colonel Winslow's cavalry has been ordered by General Curtis to Memphis.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

