HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., November 21, 1864.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS:

DEAR GENERAL: I sent you, two days ago, a copy of War Department General Orders, Numbers 277, placing the posts on the eastern bank of the Mississippi under General Canby's sole control, and revoking the corps organizations of the Sixteenth and Nineteenth Army Corps, so far as this military division is concerned. By last Saturday's steamer the general wrote to Washington asking for your assignment to the command of the Department of the Arkansas (Seventh Army Corps). The application will, of course, be approved, and the formal order will probably reach us on the 10th of December, or thereabout. The general has formed the District of West Tennessee and Vicksburg into one command under General Dana, with headquarters at Memphis, and assigned General Washburn to command the post and District of Vicksburg, recommending that General Dana be given the authority of a department commander. It is a relief to the general, greater than I can express, and which is to be specially appreciated at this time, to know that so important a command as the Department of the Arkansas will soon be in safe hands. He now feels sure that his views will be carried out, and that he can give his whole heart and mind to important interests elsewhere. Your letter with cotton passes and permits for supplies has been received. The general is, so far as I can understand, entirely of your opinion in regard to this matter. He told me to leave the papers in his room, as he wants to give his decision in such a way that it shall not be misunderstood. We have had half a dozen gentlemen (?) present permits from the Secretary of the Treasury, with orders from the President to render facilities, &amp;c., for bringing out cotton from within the rebel lines, in quantities varying from 4,000 to 25,000 bales. I have respectfully informed these people that we happen just now to be in a state of war, that public interest, and that their wishes cannot be complied with without endangering important military operations, which the general is not inclined to do for the present. Orders to the same effect have been sent to General Dana, in consequence of rumors having reached us that cotton operations were going to commence at Memphis. This question worries the general considerably, and but for that I think he would have been out of his bed to-day. I limit my consultations with him strictly to matters of imperative importance. The general and Mrs. Canby send you their kindest regards, in which they are heartily joined by.

Your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON, FLAG-SHIP BLACK HAWK,

Mound City, November 21, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: I learn with solicitude from official reports that you were severely wounded on the gun-boat Cricket in White River, on the 6th instant. I have heartily approved the action of Acting Volunteer Lieutenant Hill in promptly putting the Cricket at your disposal subsequently.

