
haps some prisoners. Have also this morning sent fifty of the Ninth Kansas after cattle, southwest of De Witt, with good guides. They will scout near the Arkansas.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy to General Steele.)

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., November 21, 1864.

Colonel A. H. RYAN,

Lewisburg, Ark.:

The brigadier-general commanding the district directs me to say that 500 cavalry start Brownsville to-day with orders to report to you for temporary duty.

S. E. GRAVES,

Captain, Twelfth Michigan Vols., and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., November 21, 1864.

Colonel GEIGER,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Brownsville:

COLONEL: It is proposed to send about 500 of your brigade into the country north and west of Searcy and about 1,000 into the neighborhood of Augusta, Jacksonport, and Cotton Plant, the object being to clear out the rebels and guerrillas in those regions and to bring in beeves, mules, and horses-the first party to take ten days' rations to be given two or three weeks, and to operate above Searcy, on Little Red, and between that stream and White River; the second party to take ten days' rations and operate in conjunction with one or two steamers assist in crossing streams. After disposing of the rebels in the region mentioned, the party of 1,000 will cross the Cache and scout the country between that and the Saint Francis and proceed by easy marches to Helena, Ark., scouting the country on its way. After resting two or three days at Helena, it will go into the Indian Bay country and scour that thoroughly and afterward return to Brownsville. You will proceed o get those parties in readiness, taking as much time as may be necessary and turning attention first to the party of 500. You will report how soon the parties will be in readiness to start.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

S. E. GRAVES,

Captain, Twelfth Michigan Infty. Vols., and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

P. S.-Further and more minute instructions will be given.

By order of Brigadier-General Carr:

S. E. G.

PINE BLUFF, November 21, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

By directions of General Steele I sent Colonel Erskine with 200 men down the Arkansas River on the south side to the mouth. No news from the enemy.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

