
sympathizers in the country, only by taking life and property of these sympathizers, responsible for damages done Union men. We earnestly ask that something be done for this suffering section. Union men cannot travel; Union candidates did not nor could not canvass the county. Enrolled sympathizers, bonded men, all voted, as well as rebels of every shade voted. All was quiet at the election. I have heard of no Kansas troops over here except a few who enlisted over here, and came over and quietly voted at the election. We have collected about twenty old men and boys a will try and defend ourselves from the bushwhackers till we get relief. Our able-bodied men are in the army. Clay County has but few more than 100 Union men in it, still they have troops at Liberty to protect rebels, and Union men here are unprotected. We speak plainly the facts and ask you to redress our grievances. We know you would if you knew all the facts in the case, and we hope and pray you to send us a small squad of mounted men to assist our citizens permanently and prevent their destruction by guerrillas. And we will ever pray.

Respectfully,

GEO. S. PARK.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, November 21, 1864.

Major-General BLUNT,

Fort Scott, Kans.:

By direction of Major-General Curtis I assumed temporary command of your district on the 31st of October. I have made the necessary reports for 31st of October, 10th and 20th of November, and the general desires that you assume command of your district on arriving at Fort Scott. Please telegraph me on your doing so. All well here.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT SCOTT, November 21, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR,

Commanding Post, Fort Scott:

COLONEL: I have received a telegram from General Curtis directing that the Second Colorado Cavalry, now here, proceed to Fort Leavenworth by easy marches. As they have been ordered to report to you, you will please issue the necessary orders for them to move so soon as their essential wants, as horse-shoeing, &amp;c., are attended to.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. CURTIS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., November 21, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I sent to Nashville some weeks since the Eighth Minnesota Volunteers and the Thirtieth Wisconsin Volunteers, numbering altogether 1,987 men. These were the only infantry regiments I had in

