HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., November 22, 1864-12.30 o'clock.

Major General F. STEELE,

Little Rock:

If General Dennis sends a brigade away, and then sends off two regiments of the other brigade to relieve those at Little Rock, his force will be hardly sufficient to admit of my using all my men on the defenses. I recommend that one entire brigade of his command be left here, and that McE. Dye's force go to Little Rock. We are having but little weather in which to complete the works laid out by Captain Wheeler, and should have all the force that can be used.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

LEWISBURG, November 22, 1864.

(Received 9.30 a. m.)

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Lieutenant Wylie returned last night from scout to Galla Creek Bottom yesterday, and he ran onto Lieutenant Bradan, of Gordon's regiment, with squad of men; killed 1 of them, wounded 1. Bradan and the rest escaped. Lieutenant Wylie reports the rebels as concentrating yesterday at Dover. Weather very cold.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, CAVALRY DIVISION, 7TH ARMY CORPS,Brownsville, Ark., November 22, 1864.

Brigadier General J. R. WEST,

Commanding Cav. Div., Seventh Army Corps, Little Rock, Ark.:

DEAR GENERAL: Inclosed please find orders* from Brigadier General E. A. Carr. I furnished the 500 men to go to Lewisburg before me men had time to dry their clothing after coming in from the scout in that direction. Our of the 500 which were sent to escort General Herron but 320 returned, and their horses were in such a condition that it will be impossible for them to be fit for service within a less time than fifteen days. I could not now march more than 800 men. What time the 500 that were to report to Colonel Ryan will return I do not know. You can easily see that it will be impossible for me to furnish the 1,500 which General Carr talks of for the expedition. If he will let the 500 return from Lewisburg and then give me ten days to fit up my horses I can march 2,000. But to march sooner than that I will have a dismounted brigade, which will not be worth a straw as cavalry. I am anxious to do all I can but I do not want, if it can be avoided, to have a dismounted brigade. You know the country through which I would have to pass, and with the bayous in their present condition it would be almost impossible to make the expedition which he speaks of. If I had my 500 men back from Ryan, and then had fifteen days to prepare my horses, I am anxious to go.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. GEIGER.

---------------

*See Carr to Geiger, November 21, p. 640.

---------------

