
FORT LEAVENWORTH, November 22, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

Your dispatch of 14th is just presented to my notice. I arrived Saturday. Only fifty-three of your proper command rejoined me in the pursuit of Price, and they were directed at our camp on the Arkansas to return to Cassville. The Winslow brigade joined me at Keetsville and continued to the end, when they were directed to join their proper army corps by the most convenient route. My troops are returning by different routes to secure forage.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Benton Barracks, Mo., November 22, 1864.

Colonel J. J. WOODS,

Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: I am directed by the general commanding to inform you that the following assignments of boats has been made for embarking your brigade: The steamer Camelia will carry brigade headquarters, the Thirty-third Missouri Volunteers, and the Thirty-fifth Iowa Volunteers; the Silver Cloud will carry the Twelfth Iowa Volunteers and the Seventh Minnesota Volunteers. You will please commence embarking the wagons to-morrow morning at 8 o'clock. Cause sufficient details to be made to take the wagons apart and put them on board. The wagons and harness will be put in the hold, the wagon-beds and ambulances upon the roof; the camp and garrison equipage and stores as much as embark as soon as everything else has been put on board. They will be furnished with ten days' rations, commencing to-morrow, which can be drawn and be put on board the boats. The boats are arranged at the levee by brigades, so that there will be no trouble in having your command together.

I have the honor, colonel, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. F. RANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, November 22, 1864-2 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel MELCHER,

Jefferson City:

Send Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry to Saint Louis; also Second Missouri Cavalry.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

BROOKFIELD, November 22, 1864.

General FISK:

Have just returned from scout through Chariton and part of Howard, Randolph, and Macon Counties. A portion of my command had a brush with Jackson, routing him and capturing 3 horses and

