
wounding 2 bushwhackers. I had 1 man wounded in knee and lost 2 horses two miles from Judge Salisbury's place. Will make another report to-morrow; am played out to-night; have been in the saddle seven days. Captured Jackson's bushwhacking cap. I will come to Macon Thursday. Can get no information in the country about bushwhackers unless by chance we run into them.

E. J. CRANDALL,

Captain, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., November 22, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch of November 7 [3], directing me to take command of certain troops and pursued Price, did not reach me. Only fifty-three of General Rosecrans' command joined me, and at the close of the pursuit they were directed to return to their position at Cassville. The Winslow brigade, under Colonel Benteen, [which] claimed to belong to General Sherman's* command, in pursuit of Price reported to me when in my presence, as they had done to General Rosecrans when in his. They continued to the end, and I directed them to rejoin their proper corps by the most convenient route. The Arkansas regiment also accompanied me from Fayetteville to the Arkansas River and were then directed to report to General Steele. From Neosho, Mo., to Fayetteville I had about 2,000, and from thence to the Arkansas only about 3,000; but the enemy supposed I had ten times that number. Price crossed the Arkansas near the mouth of the Sallisaw, about twenty miles above Fort Smith. I have taken the liberty to publish my order congratulating my troops,and distributing them on the banks of the Arkansas, a copy of which I will transmit by mail. My full report of the campaign against Price will be delayed for reports form subordinate officers, who are necessarily delayed in their returns, being ordered to march in various directions.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT SCOTT, November 22, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

General Blunt and Herron will be here to-day.

S. S. CURTIS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

CIRCULAR.] FORT SCOTT, November 22, 1864.

To all POST COMMANDANTS IN THE DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS:

The undersigned, having returned from the field, hereby resumes command of the District of South Kansas, relieving Brigadier-General Davies, temporarily in command. All communications will be directed to Paola, Kans.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

---------------

*As received by Halleck this read Thomas'?

---------------

