
MILWAUKEE, WIS., October 17, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SULLY:

(Care Captain Bagg, Quartermaster, Sioux City, Iowa.)

GENERAL: You had better return to Iowa as soon as possible. Price's Missouri invasion threatens and has alarmed the Iowa frontier. Your presence is desirable.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST U. S. VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Fort Rice, Dak. Ter., October 17, 1864.

Captain J. H. PELL,

A. A. G., Dist. Hdqrs. Dept. of the New N. W., Sioux City, Iowa:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to announce for the information of the commanding general my safe arrival at this post at 1.30 this p. m., with my command, nine days and a half from Fort Sully. I would have made it quicker had not cattle given out. I regret to announce the death of four men on the route from chronic diarrhoea, resulting from stagnant water in creeks being drank too freely. I met the Two Bear band at Wood Lake, and had a conference with the chief. He expressed himself as desirous of making a lasting peace not only for himself and band but for the benefit of all the bands hostile to you this last summer, and promised to use his influence by sending out the next morning some young men to the various tribes for the chiefs to meet me at Fort Rice with such overtures as I felt you gave me authority to make, viz, kind treatment, and other conditions which I left for the result of the conference, and instructions which I respectfully ask may be given from your headquarters. Further I did not commit myself. I think, aside from the natural desire, as winter approaches, to meet their necessities by friendly advances, that there is an opportunity by proper management to conclude an honorable and lasting peace. I draw these conclusions by observation and conversation with the Two Bear and some of the upper Yanktonais, who are now on Sand Creek. The commanding general is so well acquainted with the question that I will not propose how this may be brought about until I am informed of my power to act in the matter. Colonel Dill left with his command in boats on the 12th. The detachment of the Sixth Iowa Cavalry will leave to-morrow by the transportation used by my command. I shall proceed to carry out the general's plans in regard to the fort immediately. The weather is fine. I would also respectfully ask that I may be authorized to muster into service Lieutenant J. C. Cronan, whose appointment a copy I inclose. He has made every effort to obtain muster, and is a faithful officer.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

C. A. R. DIMON,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, November 23, 1864.

Respectfully transmitted for the information of Major-General Halleck.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

5 R R--VOL XLI, PT IV

