
LITTLE ROCK, ARK., November 23, 1864.

Colonel GEIGER,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Brownsville, Ark.:

Get ready the scout of 500 mentioned in my dispatch as soon as possible. It should start on Saturday or Monday. It should be all from the same regiments' companies as far as possible, so as not to interfere with the organization of other scouts. Answer when it will be ready. Send regimental and company headquarters when regiments and companies ago; send also company cooks, regimental and company clerks, &amp;c. Do not let any serviceable men and horses remain on pretense of taking care of quarters, hospitals, &c.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., November 23, 1864.

Major-General STEELE:

Colonel Erskine has returned form the scout down the river. He met a boat in advance of the fleet near Arkansas Post. It will be here to-day. He reports the country as clear of rebels. He caught 2 lieutenants and 6 men. He thinks the steamer in advance of the fleet is engaged in contraband trade.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PINE BLUFF, November 23, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Little Rock:

Colonel Erskine has just returned from a scout to Arkansas Post. Met the steamer May Duke there. The fleet is supposed to have entered this river last night or this morning. Ascertained that there are no Confederate troops between the Arkansas River and Monticello. Parsons' brigade is at Warren, and between there and Monticello captured 2 lieutenants and 6 privates at home on furlough. Steamer May Duke has arrival here. She was fired into frequently by guerrillas after the scout left her.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Natchez, Miss., November 23, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In reply to your indorsement of November 19, I have the honor to report that the regiments sent from Morganza have been returned to that command. I could have made good use of them, but as the expected emergency, to meet which they were kindly sent, did not arise, I did not feel justified in detaining them. I sent my effective cavalry, except about fifty, enough for vedettes, to Vicksburg, by order of Major-General Dana, to join in an expedition set on foot by him, &c. I am

