
CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Springfield, Mo., November 23, 1864.

In compliance with orders from department headquarters the cavalry regiments in this district will be prepared for active field service without delay. Regimental, post, and company or detachment commanders are charged with the execution of this order, and will at once cause all horses to be shod, unserviceable horses recuperated, and heir entire command properly equipped for the field.

By command of Brigadier-General Sanborn:

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BROOKFIELD, November 23, 1864.

General C. B. FISK:

I arrived at Brunswick on Wednesday night, November 16, and 17th several families came to me for permission to move their effects to Saint Louis by boat. My answer to them was that I knew of no interfere. Several families moved such things as they chose to a warehouse levee to await the arrival of a boat. No boat came that day, and I understood that a citizen guard was put over the warehouse to protect the property. I was told next day that more went. Soldiers were prowling about the place all night in a threatening manner, and I was asked to let Lieutenant Bryan watch-five men guard the place the next night-which was done. At 9 p. m. I had a provost guard patrol the town and gather up all stragglers. All soldiers were in quarters, and I was in the building occupied by Company A. At about 11.30 o'clock in the night I was called by Lieutenant Baker, who reported firing in the town. I immediately order all the companies into line and learned that he shooting was near the seminary, and that there had been eight or ten shots fired from the west side of Grand River. I marched ten companies in double-quick to the seminary and took one company to scout the brush in that locality, placing the balance of the men not on picket in a position for use in case they were needed. While scouring the timber and brush the alarm of fire was made, and the report came to me that stables where our horses were quartered were on fire. I immediately ordered two companies to the vicinity of the fire and went with them and found warehouse where those goods were stored all in flames. I then placed my men in position for defense and took a good many to put out the fire. We did all we could to save other buildings and did save all but the warehouse. I am told Colonel Moberly had some few things in this building that were destroyed. I was informed that some rebels had been ordered to leave. This was not done by any of my command, but by Union men who have been mistreated by rebels. This judge you spoke of I do not know; never heard of him before. I find that the whole disloyal element in that country are disposed to misrepresent all our acts, while they are all ready to apologize for bushwhackers and rebels. There are about fifty bushwhackers this side the river now who are dressed in Federal uniform. They have driven out most all the true Union men, except at places where Federal troops are stationed. They now are compelled to prey upon those who are neutral, and all these acts are charged to Union troops. I have a report of my trip to make in writing, which I think

