
will astonish you as to the condition of a portion of this country and acts of many who remained here while bushwhackers were in command, but left for Saint Louis and Illinois when Federals made their appearance. These are the men who now stand ready to destroy the only hope left us-our true soldiers.

E. J. CRANDALL,

Captain, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, November 23, 1864.

GEORGE S. PARK, Esq.,Parkville, Mo.:

MY DEAR SIR: Yours of the 20th is received. I am indeed sorry to hear some rebels are left behind to annoy your neighborhood. I think, however, they are preparing to get out of the country, as I heard on my return from the pursuit of Price that a gang of rogues were preparing to follow Price as soon as they could get through. But you must look to General Rosecrans. He must attend to his own department. What I have done in Missouri seems to provoke my foes to continual slanders by the Saint Louis press, and I get no thanks from those who ought to recognize my earnest exertions to co-operate with them. I cannot be indifferent to your necessities, but do not feel authorized to act where my neighbors hold command and find fault with what I do at their request. I do not refer to General Fisk, who will do all he can for you.

I am, very truly, your friend,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, November 23, 1864.

Honorable S. C. POMEROY,Topeka, Kans.:

SIR: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say, in reply to your communication, indorsed by his Excellency the Governor, asking the presentation of two mountain howitzers to the Topeka Battery as a testimonial to their gallant conduct in the field, that he will endeavor to comply with said request at an early period.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant-General.

PAOLA, November 23, 1864.

Captain GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Fort Scott:

You and Simpson come here to-morrow. Direct all the troops of Jennison's command to the same locality as they were before the commencement of the campaign. First Colorado and Ninth Wisconsin Batteries will come here. I understand that there is difficulty among

