
WASHINGTON, November 23, 1864.

Major-General POPE:

The Secretary of War directs that you report in person at the War Department.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS STATE OF WISCONSIN, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Madison, November 23, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: By direction of his Excellency the Governor, Governor, I have respectfully to again invite your attention to the existing troubles with the Indians upon the Upper Saint Croix and its tributaries. These troubles do not take the form of declared hostility on the part of the Indians, but are the more aggravating from the nominal professions of peace and friendship. The murder of three unoffending lumbermen, or residents, during the past summer and autumn, is confirmed, and gives evidence of a very bad spirit, to say the least, on the least, on the part of the Indians, and one that merits suitable punishment. A feeling of insecurity is engendered among the settlers, and anxiety and alarm lead some to forsake their homes. The Governor is desirous that such measures shall be taken as shall deter the Indians from further hostilities, and if possible secure the settlers from anxiety and alarm. The inclosed slip,* form a late Polk County paper, while conveying no official information, is indicative of a feeling which is being engendered among the people. The Governor respectfully requests your consideration of the matter and such action as you may deem proper.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 50. Milwaukee, Wis., November 23, 1864.

At the request of the brigadier-general commanding the Military District of Iowa, the headquarters of that district are hereby transferred to Dubuque, Iowa.

By command of Major-General Pope:

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 194. Milwaukee, Wis., November 23, 1864.

* * * *

II. Brigadier General A. Sully will proceed immediately to Dubuque, Iowa, to which place his headquarters are this day transferred by General Orders, Numbers 50, current series, from these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Pope:

J. F. MELINE,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

