
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier (DETACHED), THIRD DIV., NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Brownsville, Ark., Numbers 1. November 24, 1864.

Colonel Dye being temporarily absent, by his direction, being the senior officer present, I assume command of this brigade. The officers and enlisted men on duty at these headquarters will so remain until further orders.

CHARLES BLACK,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, November 24, 1864-12.15 p. m.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,Devall's Bluff, Ark.:

A scout of 500 cavalry will leave Brownsville on Monday next for Searcy and northwest of there. The scout of 1,400 will not be ready before two weeks. You need not therefore retain steam-boats for the purpose of crossing them over White River. It will be well to have on hand materials for bridges.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[NOVEMBER 24, 1864.-For Andrews to Dyer, reporting scout to Augusta, &amp;c., see Part I, P. 935.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Little Rock, Ark., November 24, 1864.

Colonel W. F. GEIGER,

Commanding Third Brigade, Cavalry Division, 7th Army Corps:

COLONEL: According to previous instructions you will put in motion on Monday, the 28th instant, a scouting party of 500 men for the purpose of cleaning out the rebels and guerrillas northwest of Searcy and between Little Red and White Rivers. The scouts will be provided with ten days' rations, and will be expected to remain out fifteen or twenty days, eking out its rations with what may be found in the country. All good beeves will be taken and sent in the Little Rock in small herds from time to time. Memorandum vouches will be given pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers -, and for this purpose printed blanks will be furnished to each detachment from the main scout. All serviceable mules and horses will also be taken. All property taken, unless it is that of notorious rebels, will be receipted for in proper form, so that the owners can get their pay. The commander of the scout, or of any detachment thereof, will be held responsible that no marauding takes place. He will inflict summary punishment on all marauders. The scout will take such a course as to cross the Cypress and Bayou Des Arc high up, send a small party to Searcy and West Point, move up the Little Red till a ford can be found, and then operate generally. It will be divided into as small parties as is consistent with safety, the commanding officers keeping track of each party and maneuvering

