
them to best advantage, so as to find supplies and scour the country. He will march against and attack any party of rebels he may hear of, but will take care that his men and horses are not harassed by going on false reports. The horses will be especially cared for and constantly well fed. (It is reported that there is forage enough in that region for the purpose.) He will keep a wary eye to the east, as there is said to be quite a body of rebels east of White River. He will send in reports to these headquarters, either direct or by way of Brownsville, every three or four days. When he sends in a herd of beeves he will notify the commanding officer at Brownsville, who will, if he deems necessary, send out a scout to meet it. Certain citizens of the neighborhood into which he is going wish to go with the scout and make themselves useful as guides, and will report to you between now and the time of starting. Among them are Mr. Rushing, member of the State senate, and Mr. Clem. Mrs. Rushing will be provided with transportation to her home in Salado. The scout will push its operations into the valley of White River to a greater or less extent, as may be deemed advisable by its commanders. Whenever forage is exhausted in one locality he will move into another, keeping his troops well scattered unless menaced by a strong force, and should the forage of the whole region be exhausted he will return.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, EXPEDITION, Big Black Bridge, November 24, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. H. HARRIS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that the pontoon train, owing to bad roads and general shiftlessness, reached here last night at dark. At 4 a. m. I furnished the necessary details and at 10 a. m., the bridge being finished, I crossed the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry and Second Wisconsin Cavalry, 1,000 strong, under command of Major Dale, Second Wisconsin Cavalry. I have received two reports from him, one at a point four miles from here and one at Edwards Station. About a half dozen rebels were at Edwards Station; a few shots were fired and one of our horses killed. No considerable force of the enemy are in the vicinity. The train has arrived and the battalion of heavy artillery will march to-morrow at 10 a. m. for Vicksburg.

I leave for -- at 4 a. m. Command well. I shall send ladies over the river the last thing before marching to Vicksburg.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. OSBAND,

Colonel Third U. S. Colored Cav., Commanding Cavalry Expedition.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY EXPEDITION, Big Black Bridge, November 24, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the return of the scout across Big Black River. At Edwards Station one party went beyond Champion's Hill about one mile on Jackson road, another party about five

