
miles on another road toward Brownsville, and still another party about five miles toward Raymond. None of these parties found any of the enemy, and I am satisfied that not more than 1,200 to 1,500 men are anywhere in the country.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. OSBAND,

Colonel Third U. S. Colored Cav., Commanding Cavalry Expedition.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 326. Saint Louis, November 24, 1864.

I. Lieutenant Colonel F. W. Benteen, Tenth Missouri Cavalry, commanding Second Division Cavalry, Sixteenth Army Corps, having come to this city in advance of his command for the purpose of making the necessary arrangements for moving his command hence to Memphis with the least possible delay, the journey is hereby approved. Colonel Benteen and Lieuts. August Thiel, Company G, Fourth Missouri Cavalry, and J. B. Roe, Company C, Tenth Missouri Cavalry, his acting aides-de-camp, will remain in the city for the above-mentioned purpose, making all needful arrangements as to supplies, transportation, &amp;c., to facilitate the movement of the command in obedience to orders received from Major-General Thomas.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 104. Saint Louis, Mo., November 24, 1864.

* * * *

II. Brigade commanders will expedite the embarkation of troops of their respective commands on the transports. The troops, transportation, and batteries of this command must be loaded to-night, and every boat in this fleet move at daylight to-morrow, November 25, 1864.

By order of Colonel David Moore:

JAMES B. COMSTOCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

PATTERSON, [November] 24, 1864.

Colonel MAUPIN:

I have arrived with my squad on return. Captain McClanahan has gone on the upper road for Pilot Knob; will all arrive there to-morrow. No rebel force below. We have turned up eleven bushwhackers to dry and one rebel negro. No man hurt on our side. The men are generally well.

P. L. POWERS,

Captain Company H, Forty-seventh [Missouri Infantry.]

