SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Numbers 209. Rolla, Mo., November 24, 1864.

1. In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 321, current series, from headquarters Department of the Missouri, the Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry will proceed to Macon, Mo., and will be reported to Brigadier-General Fisk,commanding District of North Missouri. The mounted portion of the regiment will proceed to-day by land. The dismounted men will proceed to-morrow morning by train, via Saint Louis, Mo. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier General John McNeil:

C. G. LAURANT,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEXICO, MO., November 24, 1864.

General FISK:

I killed the bushwhacker Stewart near Boonville, and men are afraid to go any farther. Will yo assist me in getting cars for my stock to-morrow night? This is the fourth one I have killed, and if they were to get me out they would kill me.

BUSFORD.

HANNIBAL, November 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

Have just returned from the west. Colonel Hayward has not yet arrived. If you will send me orders to relieve all the Enrolled Missouri Militia in this sub-district save 50 to 100 men to each county, as you may see fit, I think it should be done. There should be a company of men on duty here for use of U. S. Provost-Marshal Hollingsworth. Can you send any volunteers, or must the duty be done by Enrolled Missouri Militia?

T. D. PRICE,

Major.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, November 24, 1864.

His Excellency Governor J. EVANS:

GOVERNOR: In view of Indian difficulties and a winter campaign against the trespassers, I desire that you will urge at headquarters, first, an increase of force equal to at least

2,000 cavalry for service on the plains, 1,000 for the Platte and 1,000 for the upper Arkansas route; second, 2,000 light carbines, 7-shooters, if possible; third, 4,000 Colts revolvers; fourth, 2,000 rubber blankets, extra size and quality. For extra clothing and fresh horses, I will try to hurry the quartermaster, but you may also do good by seeing the chief quartermaster of the cavalry bureau on this subject. It would also be advantageous to extend the telegraph line west from Lawrence to Riley, if not to Larned. The great overland lines are also the lines of settlement, and they are there-

