
cutting of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad will be made from Vicksburg and Baton Rouge, the former to-day, the latter day after to-morrow. The number of troops that I can spare for these purposes is not so large as I had desired, yet I believe the movements will be effective. The one from Baton Rouge is led by General Davidson, and consists of most of the available cavalry in the Department of the Gulf. Recent reports of scouts confirm the accounts of disastrous floods on the Mobile and Montgomery Railroad, and I have greatly thereby. If General Reynolds has Ohio road has also suffered greatly thereby. If General Reynolds has been able to spare a sufficient force from Arkansas, a movement will be made simultaneously from Memphis. On the 18th he sent one brigade there from White River, and intended sending another. I forward by the mail, which closes to-night, report of operation of operations of Brigadier-General Lee, commanding Cavalry Division at Baton Rouge; Brevet Brigadier-General Bailey, commanding District of West Florida, and Lieutenant Earl, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding special scouting party, all of which have terminated with entire success. The latter I shall recommend for promotion to major, by brevet, for gallant and meritorious services. To-morrow I will place General Reynolds in command on the Department for promotion to major, by brevet, for gallant and meritorious service. To-morrow I will place General Reynolds in command of the Department of Arkansas, and order him in my name to make such disposition of forces at Memphis as the emergency may call for. The main portion of the reserve forces of the command will be kept on the Mississippi River at and about White River until there is no apprehension of Beauregard attacking Memphis or Vicksburg. The vigilance displayed by the army and the navy seem to have forced the rebels to abandon the hope of crossing the Mississippi with any considerable force. Magruder is still reported to be hovering about Camden. General Steele will be ordered to report to the Adjutant-General by letter from Cairo, Ill.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

By C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISS., Numbers 71. New Orleans, La., November 25, 1864.

Under authority of instructions received from the Headquarters of the Army, Major General F. Steele, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from the command of the Department of Arkansas and Seventh Army Corps, and will proceed to Cairo, Ill., and report by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

II. Under the same authority, Major General J. J. Reynolds, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the Department of Arkansas and Seventh Army Corps, subject to the approval of the President.

III. The troops recently comprising the Nineteenth Army Corps within the limits of this command are hereby designated as the Reserve Corps of the Military Division of West Mississippi, with headquarters in the field, and will be commanded by the senior officer present until a permanent commander is assigned.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

