HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITION, Wesley Chapel, Six Miles from Mechanicsburg, Miss., November 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. H. HARRIS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I arrived here at 4.30 to-day, having marched thirty-seven miles. I have seen, and have now somewhere in my advance, three of Henderson's scouts, who will be able to get information of my movements to Jackson and Oxford by 12 to-night. I march at 4 a. m. to-morrow and shall hope to accomplish the object of my journey to-morrow by 4 p. m. My command is well and in excellent condition. No force is in my front, and I think I can after doing all I am sent to do here, then proceed to do what Mr. Hutchinson spoke to the general about. I shall expect to hear from you at Yazoo City, and any particulars that may be value to me at this time will be thankfully received.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. OSBAND,

Colonel Third U. S. Colored Cavalry, Commanding Expedition.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY EXPEDITION, Wesley Chapel, Miss., November 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. H. HARRIS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that I find on calculation that I cannot safely communicate with Yazoo City to-morrow with dispatches, and therefore will not be able to send you any further information of my movements till the night of 28th or 29th, when I will be at Yazoo City with my whole force.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. OSBAND,

Colonel Third U. S. Colored Cavalry, Commanding Expedition.

INDEPENDENCE, November 25, 1864.

Colonel PHILIPS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

We are again under the necessity of notifying you of our exposed condition. We are without troops and no arms or ammunition for our citizens. Yesterday one of our people was run into town by four bushwhackers. Last night one of them came into this place within 300 yards of the square at 8 o'clock. Unless we can get some troops we are apprehensive that we will lose the records of the country. Captain Little has a company of citizens organized. If they had arms and ammunition from Kansas City the place might be held until you can sent troops to relieve us. Please answer.

SAML. R. LUCAS, JR.

R. SWEARINGeneral

WARRENSBURG, November 25, 1864.

SAMUEL R. LUCAS,

Esq., Independence:

Have ordered troops from Pleasant Hill to your place.

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

