
WARRENSBURG, November 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel D. W. WEAR,

Jefferson City, Mo.:

You will assume command of post at Jefferson City, Mo., forth with, relieving Lieutenant-Colonel Melcher, who is ordered to join his regiment.

By orders:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARKANSAS CAVALRY, Springfield, Mo., November 25, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN B. SANBORN,Commanding District of Southwest Missouri:

GENERAL: Colonel Cameron has returned and brings information of 3,000 or 4,000 rebels scattered between Huntsville and Talbot's Barrens, from one to five in a place. They are the troops that composed Colonel Jackman's brigade, and were ordered by General Price to disband in that county, and to concentrate at Crowley's Ridge on the 1st of next month; then move south to join him on Red River. This order has been countermanded since. They are to remain thus scattered until further orders. Major Mooney, who is a prisoners, informs Colonel Cameron that he thinks they will be ordered to concentrate about the 10th of next month. He also states that the object of this dissolution is to consume all the forage and then abandon Arkansas. They are making preparations to move, and are moving all their families south. Now, Major Hackett, of my regiment, has made application for a leave of absence. His family has been turned out of doors by some Kansas troops, and needs his presence to assist it conveniently. Several officers and men of the regiment have families at or near Fort Smith in a similar condition. I would, therefore, respectfully request permission to send a scout of 200 men under Colonel Cameron to Fort Smith and Dover, eighty miles below (from which point they would proceed directly north to this place), to assist their families in moving out; also to apprehend some deserters and get recruits. Colonel Cameron thinks he can make the expedition with less force, but I judge 200 men none too many. Please inform me of your intentions on the subject immediately. Major Hackett is very fearful that his application will not be approved at department headquarters, and is desirous to accompany Colonel Cameron if the request is granted.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. PHELPS,

Colonel Second Arkansas Cavalry.

MACON, November 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

The following telegram just received:

GLASGOW, November 25, 1864.

Quantrill, with a force estimated 100 to 300 men, was at Saline City yesterday, with wagons and means of crossing the river, not more than seven miles from here.

H. BAXTER,

Major, Commanding.

Have you any orders? Colonel Kutzner is at this place.

T. J. TIDSWELL, JR.,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

