
pursuit of Reves. Captain Leeper was slightly wounded. Captured a number of contraband horses. Was in ten miles of Pocahontas. No rebel force found in Southeast Missouri. Small guerrilla bands making south.

A. W. MAUPIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Third Sub-District.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, November 25, 1864.

Lieutenant ROBINSON,

Engineer, Paola:

I wish rough substantial shelter for a full regiment of cavalry at Paola. Try to get a sheltered location under cover of the fort and convenient to water, and see if the ground can be donated to Government, say twenty acres. Consult Colonel Sitgreaves if he is still with you. I think our border force had better be massed there and at Fort Scott. Probably we may need sheds for two companies at Olathe. I have directed General Blunt to attend to these matters and direct economical structures for the district.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER, New Orleans, La., November 26, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi, New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I have the honor to submit to your consideration a statement of the information received at this office this 26th day of November, 1864, from the following sources, the statement of Major Llewellyn, late commissary of subsistence at Opelona [Okolona], Miss., New Orleans, November 26; the statement of John Knox, scout, New Orleans, November 26:

General Richard Taylor was with Hood's army on the 1st instant, commanding the center corps (Hardee's). The headquarters of the Department of Mississippi, Alabama, and East Louisiana is at Selma, Ala. Of the troops commanded by General Gardner in Mississippi and Louisiana Gholson's brigade is near Okolona, Miss.; it numbers 1,000, and has attacked to it a battery of six guns. Mabry's brigade is near Oxford, Miss.; it numbers 1,000, and has a battery of six guns. Two regiments of old men the Reserve Corps are stationed at Grenada, Miss. Wirt Adams' brigade is around Jackson, about 800 or 1,000 strong. It is reported that Mabry's brigade has been ordered to East Louisiana to relieve Scott's, which was going to join Forrest. Hoods' army is estimated at 30,000, and Forrest's cavalry at 11,000, including Wheeler's command. Lieutenant-General Stewart commands the left and S. D. Lee the right. Hood was expected to enter Tennessee at Decatur, Ala. The convalescents from his army are sent by the Mobile and Ohio Railroad to Corinth and thence on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad to Tuscumbia. Major Llewellyn reports 8,000 or 9,000 troops at Mobile, a portion of whom were brought from Virginia. They are mostly Alabama men. There are no troops on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad as far north as Okolona. There are four month's supplies in Mobile. Mr. Knox, who left Mobile on the 21st instant, reports only

