
list of companies and regiments would be greatly reduced and the lives and services of the best personnel of any cavalry, of whatever army, greatly reduced. I have directed Surg. J. A. Skilton, medical director and purveyor at my headquarters, to make a special investigation of this subject and to report to me its results. When that report is received it will be forwarded for the information of the department commander.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Chief of Cavalry.

THIBODEAUX, November 26, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel G. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The steamer Cornie was sent from Brashear a few days ago to destroy boasts on Lake Verret intended to be used by guerrillas. They got aground on account of the north wind driving the water out of the lake. A gun-boat sent to her assistance also got aground. I then sent two companies of cavalry to protect them. The boats have returned to Brashear in safety after destroying twenty-seven small boats. My couriers, eight in number, between Donaldsonville and Plaquemine, were driven back to-day by a party of guerrillas, thirteen in number. Cavalry have been sent out after the guerrillas and the messengers with dispatches re-enforced and sent on.

ROBT. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BATON ROUGE, November 26, 1864-7 a. m. (Received 8.10 a. m.)

Colonel CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I shall be prepared to march to-morrow in spite of the labor of refitting Lee's division. When may I expect Bailey? I shall wait for him or leave a regiment as escort for him, as I deem it of the greatest importance there should be a general officer along in case anything might happen to me. I send copies of my orders and a field return and statement of cavalry left behind here, by the mail. Love to all.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

BATON ROUGE, LA., November 26, 1864.

Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose you copies of my general orders issued here, a list of the effective with which I march and a statement of the cavalrymen and horses left by me at Baton Rouge. Out of the last, I think, 250 men and horses can be counted on for the outpost service of this post. I do not think any more cavalry is required at Morganza. The Sixth Missouri Cavalry is on its way down (at least the battalion of it that has been in Missouri), and if really necessary it

