
[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES, MIL. DIV. OF WEST

Numbers 4. MISSISSIPPI, Baton Rouge, La., November 25, 1864.

All plundering and straggling by the troops of this command is forbidden in the most positive manner. Stated halts will be made during the daily marches, and the men will be allowed to leave the ranks for necessary purposes at no other times. All brigade, regimental, and company commanders are held responsible for the execution of this order and are ordered to execute summary punishment upon offenders. Such supplies as may be necessary will be taken from the country by brigade commanders, with the proper staff officers and details sent for the purpose and by none others. This order will be read at the head of every company in this command at reveille and retreat for two successive days.

By order of Brigadier General J. W. Davidson:

A. S. MONTGOMERY,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 5. Baton Rouge, November 26, 1864.

Order of march: One division in front, one division in rear; pontoon brigade in the center. The leading division will furnish by turn a regiment daily for advanced guard and outposts. The rear division will furnish a regiment daily for rear guard and outposts. The guards of the day will be the outposts for the night. Regiments will be charged in their position in column each day. The batteries will habitually follow the leading brigade of each division. Ambulances will follow their regiments. Wagons will follow their brigades.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry, Commanding.

BATON ROUGE, November 26, 1864-5.30 p. m.(Received 6.30 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Hodge has just sent a flag of truce to our lines asking the special exchange of an officer of his staff. I have informed General Benton that he will make on such exchange; further, that he shall hold no communication with General Hodge until he returns four officers captured by General Lee and improperly paroled by him, and who made their escape from Lee in violation of their parole of honor. Matters have been loosely conducted here. I have told Benton to send away the flag with the above answer. I am all ready, waiting for Bailey; prepared to move to-morrow, which I shall do, and await Bailey in person with an escort. Tell the general we are in good heart, and, considering all things, in pretty fair trim.

Yours, affectionately,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

44 R R-VOL XLI, PT IV

