
PINE BLUFF, ARK., November 26, 1864.

Major-General STEELE:

I earnestly request that you will permit me to have the forage upon the boats now lying at our landing all unloaded for use at this post. The amount of hay that General West directed me to unload I think is a very unjust proportion. Our horses are absolutely perishing for want of long forage. I hope that if the cavalry here cannot get its proportion of supplies when such an easy opportunity is afforded, that for its own preservation it will be taken away from me and used at some point where it will be upon an equality with other cavalry. I do not wish reference to the distribution of supplies. When there were difficulties in the way of transporting forage to this post I knew it was for us to get along as best we could, and did not complain, but that difficulty is now removed, and yet according to General West's order nineteenth of the forage now lying at our levee is to be taken to Little Rock. For the past fifteen months the cavalry at this post have not had 100 bales of hay all told. Last winter the fleet brought up a large amount of hay. Our half-starved horses looked at it as it passed by with longing eyes, but not a mouthful did they get. We are allowed to take off 100 bales of hay, which if issued in half-rations would forage our horses for about five days. In the meantime the river may fall and months may elapse before we get another supply. I know, general, that it is not your intention to discriminate against cavalry at this post. I therefore appeal directly to you, hoping that justice may be done. I refer you to Lieutenant-Colonel Sokalski for corroboration of what I say.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 26, 1864-12.30 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

All troops sent from Missouri must report to General Thomas, any other orders to the contrary notwithstanding.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, On Board Steamer Arago, November 26, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN McARTHUR,Commanding First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that the boats carrying troops of your command proceed as soon as coaled to the mouth of the Cumberland River and await further orders from you. From that point we will proceed in fleet and be governed by the code of signals in the general orders accompanying.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

