
[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. RIGHT WING, 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 18. On Board Steamer Arago, November 26, 1864.

While the troops of this command are on transports the men will be cautioned to avoid as much as possible any change of position. Exact quarters should be assigned to each company, and the men of the company remain in them. On touching any shore guards will be stationed at the quay-ways and on men permitted to disembark unless under orders. The senior officer on each transport will take command of all the troops on board and will be held responsible for the execution of these orders. The following signals will be observed during the expedition by the transports carrying troops of this command: (1) One long whistle, when tied up, to get under way; (2) when under way one long whistle, tie up or land: (3) three whistles, close order; (4) four whistles, open order; (5) five whistles, want to communicate; (6) one short whistle and then a long one, the enemy in sight; (7) two short whistles and then a long one, I want assistant; (8) three short whistles and then a long one, the enemy have battery; (9) four short whistles and then a long one, the troops will land.

The signals will be reported [repeated] by the boats carrying division and brigade commanders only. Each division commander will assign the order in which transports carrying troops of his command shall move.

By order of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, On Steamer Arago, November 26, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN McARTHUR,Commanding First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding request me to say, in addition to the special order sent you to-night, that it will not be necessary for any of your boats to leave this port to-night, but wishes you to have as many as possible ready to move by daylight to-morrow morning.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, On Steamer Albert Pearce, Cairo, Ill., November 26, 1864.

Colonel S. G. HILL,Commanding Third Brigade, First Division:

SIR: The general commanding directs that you proceed to-morrow morning at daybreak, or as soon thereafter as possible, with your command, on board the transports to the mouth of the Cumberland, reporting on your arrival to the general commanding on board the steamer Albert Pearce.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. F. RANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

