
PATTERSON, November 26, 1864.

Colonel A. W. MAUPIN:

Captain Leeper is only slightly wounded; he started for Pilot Knob this morning. Guerrillas still prowling on McKenzie Creek. Whenever scouts come in they follow them to within eight miles of this place.

S. W. WHYBARK,

Captain.

ROLLA, MO., November 26, 1864-10.55 a. m.

Colonel N. COLE,

Chief of Artillery:

I arrived here with battery this morning. Will ship to Franklin as soon as transportation is furnished.

N. BOARDMAN,

Captain Battery M, Second Missouri Light Artillery.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 245. Warrensburg, Mo., November 26, 1864.

* * * *

2. Lieutenant Colonel D. W. Wear, commanding Forty-fifth Infantry Missouri Volunteers, will order one company of his command to move without unnecessary delay, via Pacific Railroad, to La Mine Crossing, as guard for the bridge at that point. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

3. On being relieved by the detachment of the Forty-fifth Infantry Missouri Volunteers, the commanding officer of the detachment of Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, now at La Mine Station, will move without delay with his command, camp and garrison equipage, to the vicinity of Marshall, Saline County, select a suitable campaign-ground (not nearer than one-quarter of a mile of the town) and cause to be erected thereon comfortable huts as quarters for the men and sheds as shelters for the horses of the command.

* * * *

By order of Colonel John F. Philips, commanding:

J. H. STEGER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, November 26, 1864-8 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Brookfield, Mo.:

It is reported at these headquarters that a party of seven soldiers from your post, accompanied by one Stevens, form Macon, went to the house of a Mr. Cyrus B. Haigler, residing near Buckland's Post-Office, is Chariton Country, took him out, and murdered him on Tuesday last. The commanding general directs that you use every diligence to arrest the guilty parties and hold them securely confined for orders, reporting to these headquarters.

J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

