
BATON ROUGE, November 27, 1864-10 a.m . (Received 5.45 p. m.)

Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

All my forces have moved out. We have 4,000 men, total of everything, and in pretty fair order. Say to Bailey I have provided his messing wagons, &amp;c., and am waiting him in person with an escort, and we can overtake our command to night or to-morrow. Please say to General Canby that we are in good heart and every one desirous to do his best. I need nothing, when General Bailey comes up to relieve me from the care of one of the divisions. Love to all, and please see my people.

Truly, your friend.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 7. Baton Rouge, La., November 27, 1864.

Colonel D. B. Bush, Second Illinois Cavalry, is appointed provost-marshal-general of the cavalry forces and will be obeyed and respected accordingly. Colonel Bush will report at these headquarters for special instructions in regard to his duties, and all orders given by him in the name of the general commanding will be strictly complied with .

By orders of Brigadier General J. W. Davidson:

A. S. MONTGOMERY,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock, Ark., November 27, 1864.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

GENERAL: Price's command broke up into detachments in Northern Arkansas, and, according to reports of scouting parties from Fort Smith, the main body crossed the river at Fort Coffee, twenty-four miles above Fort Smith by the river. Price put out pickets around Fort Smith while the crossing was being effected. They had one piece of artillery and a few wagons. Another body crossed at Webber's Falls, while another, said to include Fagan's brigade, scattered, some going down White River, and about 2,000 crossing the Arkansas in squads between Clarksville and Fort Smith. Our scouting parties have picket up a good many of these stragglers, both officers and men, killed some. Captain Hamilton, Third Arkansas Cavalry, killed three at a volley while the squad was crossing near Clarksville. According to the reports of my spies, Price reached Boggy Depot with about 10,000 troops, where they now are recruiting. This is Cooper's depot for supplies, which are obtained from Texas. It is said that Price will soon move down about Spring Hill to forage his command. Maxey is still at Doaksville. Citizens who have means of obtaining information says that Magruder is preparing to operate against the line of the Arkan-

