
sas, and that he will give us trouble this winter, but it appears from the latest reports of spies and refugees that he is about moving back to Red River, and that the citizens are ordered to go south of the river, and that if they fail to do so he will leave them only thirty days' rations. Colonel Mackey has just returned with the escort to the supply train from Fort Smith. He captured and killed 1 officer and about 20 men, mostly of Cabell's command, and did not lose a man. He reports that rebel citizens are moving south of the Arkansas with trains. He overhauled one train of thirty wagons, and it pass on after having taken from it everything contraband. These had no connection with Price's men, great numbers of whom crossed the Arkansas in detachments, always avoiding his command. Deserters who came in here and surrendered say that left Price at Webber's Falls, and that they were not pursued by our troops beyond Newtonia. McCray's and Dobbin's commands are probably on the north side of White River, engaged in sending cotton to Memphis. I will inclose memorandum from reports of scouts. I think the telegraph wire might now be kept up to Fort Smith.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE, November 26, 1864.

COLONEL: Two scouts came in this morning. They were at Murfreesborough, Center Point, Greenville, Paraclifta, Rondo, Spring Hill, is at Greenville, about 500. At Rondo there is a small body of men. The State government is there. At Laynesport, on River, there are 1,500 men under Gano, six pieces of artillery. About fifteen miles below Laynesport, at a place called Richmond, General Green, of Texas, has about 1,000 cavalry. A portion of Gano's command has gone to Western Texas to subdue some Indians. It is thought that Gano' entire command will be sent there. Maxey's command is at Doaksville. There was a small force at Lewisville and a large quantity of commissary stores. When in that country, preparations were being made at Lewisville to receive Price's army, and it is thought that Price's army, and it is thought that Price will reorganize his army there, at Spring Hill, or in that vicinity. Represents that the citizens are leaving the country. Learned that Magruder was leaving the State and going on the Red River. It is reported that Magruder has issued orders for all citizens to move across Red River, or he would only leave them food for thirty days. There is a perfect stream of citizens and wagons leaving the State.

NASH.

Talked with some of Price's men; think he left Missouri with about 10,000 men; has now not more than 8,000. Their horses are in the worst possible condition.

NASH.

McCray's brigade is reported entirely disorganized, and has no force of importance. His men have all been furloughed, and from the best information I can get it will be very difficult to collect his men again.

