
LEWISBURG, November 27, 1864. (Received 9.50 a. m.)

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Jeff. Williams reports five companies of rebels on Big Bottom, between Clinton and Kinderhook, and others coming from direction of Batesville. I have not sent out scouts there, as it will take all my force to cover the boats near Big Piney and the Annie Jacobs, six miles below here on bar. River falling.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.

NOVEMBER 27, 1864.

Colonel W. F. GEIGER,

Brownsville, Ark.:

It is reported by Colonel Ryan that five companies of rebels are on Big Bottom, between Clinton and Kinderhook, and others coming form the direction of Batesville. The above is furnished for your information.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General .
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, New Orleans, La., November 27, 1864.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,Commanding Dists. of West Tenn., and Vicksburg, Vicksburg, Miss.:

Sir: I am directed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 22nd instant relating to cotton permits and other matters. Under the authority of War Department General Orders, Numbers 277, paragraph 2, current series, the post of Cairo, Ill., and dependencies, and any other posts between Cairo and Memphis that may have been temporarily detached form the District of West Tennessee, are subject to the orders of the commanding general, and are hereby included in your command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITION, Near Benton, November 27, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I reached this point, four miles from Benton, last night after dark. Command marched thirty-six miles over bad country and are very tired. I send my poor, bad horses to Yazoo City to-day, as I understand the Prairie Bird reached there yesterday evening. I leave in an hour for Deasonville and the railroad. I anticipate a small fight at Benton. I am compelled to ask the major-general commanding to request the dishonorable discharge from the

