
service of First Lieutenant and Regimental Quartermaster Henry P. George, Second Wisconsin Cavalry Veteran Volunteers, for conduct prejudicial to the service. I ordered each regiment to take their extra ammunition in two wagons drawn by eight mules each. All these teams save the Second Wisconsin are excellent and we do not have to wait for them at all. Lieutenant George sent all the poor mules in this train and even went out on the hills to pick up old mules to put into train, expecting they would give out, but that we would supply their places with serviceable animals. Two are dead; two are left unable to walk, and now I am compelled to give their load to other teams and them into Yazoo City. I ask the most speedy action possible with this officer's case that the result my work to the advantage of some other quartermaster now in my command. I shall be at work repairing the railroad by 5 p.m. to-day.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. OSBAND,

Colonel Third U. S. Colored Cavalry, Commanding Expedition.

[Memorandum.]

Colonel HARRIS:

File this. I know that I have not the power to dismiss this officer, but as it a case of necessity I will do it. Let the order dishonorably dismiss him from the service for the reason stated in the recommendation of his brigade commander, subject to the approval of the major-general commanding the Military Division of West Mississippi and of superior authority; also write letter sending copy of this order and copy of Osband's letter.*

D[ANA].
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, No. 315. Springfield, Mo., November 27, 1864.

I. The commanding officer Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia will, upon receipt of this order, direct Companies L and m of his regiment, to proceed without delay to Neosho, Mo., with all their camp and garrison equipage, and report for duty to the commanding officer of that post.

II. The commanding officer of the Seventh Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia will, upon receipt of this order, direct the squadron of his regiment now at Neosho, Mo., to leave that post upon the arrival of Squadrons L and M, Eighth Cavalry Missouri Militia, and proceed, with all camp and garrison equipage, to Mount Vernon, Mo., reporting to the commanding officer of that post.

By order of Brigadier General John B. Sanborn:

WM. T. KITTREDGE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 37, 1864.

General FRY:

The Secretary of War approved the application of General Carleton that a sufficient number of men be raised in California to fill up the

---------------

*The dismissal of Lieutenant George by Special Orders, No. 7, headquarters District of West Tennessee and Vicksburg, November 28, 1864 (and confirmed by Special Orders No. 476, December 31, 1864, from the Adjutant-General's Office), was revoked by paragraph 21, Special Orders, No. 77, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, February 16, 1865, and he was honorably discharged to date November 28, 1864.

---------------

