
California regiments in New Mexico and Arizona. It is deemed best to consolidate the companies and raise the recruits by companies through the Governor of California.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., November 28, 1864-2.30 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

I approve General Canby's recommendation of relieving Steele with Reynolds most heartily. I hope the order will be made at once. Steele should be ordered to report to Canby to take Reynolds' place. He is a better commander of troops, leaving off the responsibilities of a department, than any general now left with Canby. Whilst this work of changing is going on I would like to see a change made in Missouri and in the Department of the South, giving Dodge the former and Pope the latter. Foster is not fit for duty. I would like to see him appointed brigadier-general in the Regular Army and retired.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, November 28, 1864.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,Washington:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs that you report to Major-General Canby for duty as inspector-general of fortifications in the Military Division of West Mississippi. You will join the headquarters of the division by way of Cairo and Little Rock, examining the defenses on the Mississippi and so far may be possible, without too much delay, on the Arkansas. You will give particular attention to the property of breaking up certain posts, as New Madrid, Helena, &amp;c., so as to diminish the number of places to be garrisoned. You will also ascertain any defects of armament and munitions and have them immediately supplied. After reaching New Orleans you will examine the forts in Mobile Harbor and give the proper directions in regard to their repair. Your reports will be made from time to time in duplicate, one copy to General Canby and the other to the Adjutant-General of the Army. Having carried out these instructions you will resume your duties at Bridgeport, Conn.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 288. Washington, November 28, 1864.

I. The Department of Mississippi will comprise the State of Mississippi and that part of Tennessee west of the Tennessee River.

II. Major General N. J. T. Dana, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned by the President to the command of the Department of Mississippi.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

