HDQRS. DEPT. OF ARKANSAS AND 7TH ARMY CORPS, OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, Little Rock, Ark., November 28, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE, Commanding Department of Arkansas:

GENERAL: Information (which I think is reliable) has reached this office from General Price's command within the last few days of the following import: General Prices' command crossed the Arkansas River near Webber's Falls with about 10,000 men. They made a fording and crossed in eight hours. There were only about 5,000 men armed, the remainder having thrown their arms away. General Fagan's division became mutinous when it reached the Arkansas River and threatened immediate dissolution. General Fagan made them a speech and promised to give them all furloughs if they would continue in organization and cross the river. This to some extent appeased them. Accordingly, all of Fagan's division are on furlough and are scattered through the State. McCray's and Dobbin's brigades, of Fagan's division, are on White River. Their time of furlough expires on the 10th of next month, when all are expected to rejoin their commands at Miller's Bluff, twenty miles below Camden. General Price took with him to Missouri eighteen pieces of artillery. It was all captured, destroyed or abandoned but two or three pieces, which Shelby brought out. The retreat (or rather rout) of Price from Missouri defies description. They were without food, and one-half of the army without shoes or caps, and armless. Three-fourths of the command were dismounted, their horses being worn out and abandoned. General Price cannot muster more than 8,000 effective men,and from the best information I can obtain he was at or near Boggy Depot, Ind. Terr., and it is thought will remain there or in that vicinity this winter. Information indicates that General Magruder has left Camden with a majority of his force and gone to Lewisville, La Fayette County, this States, or in that vicinity,on Red River, and has gone into quarters fort he winter.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,L. B. NASH,

Captain and Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS, Mouth of White River, Ark., No. 28. November 28, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

3. The commanding officer of the One hundred and fourteenth Ohio Volunteers will proceed with his regiment to Memphis, Tenn., without delay, reporting on arrival to Brigadier General M. K. Lawler, U. S. Volunteers, to join Slack's brigade. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

S. C. FARRINGTON,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., November 28, 1864.

Colonel W. McE. DYE, Brownsville:

COLONEL: You will move your brigade back to Devall's Bluff as soon as possible, using the railroad to transport such property as cannot be

