
PINE BLUFF, ARK., November 28, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

In accordance with the general's order, I have been waiting for the weather to settle before sending the Twenty-eighth Wisconsin to Little Rock. I will have them start Wednesday morning, unless I receive other orders. Will the general please answer my dispatch in reference to the Twenty-ninth.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LEWISBURG, November 28, 1864-7 p.m.

Captain C. H. DYER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

A force of rebels crossed the river last night near Dardanelle. Could ascertain nothing definite as regards numbers. The rebels were to meet in two places in Perry County this evening for the purpose of attacking steamer Annie Jacobs, six miles below. I have warned the steamer and extended pickets to cover the boat. The Carrie Jacobs is at Evans' Crossing, eight miles below the Cadron, hard aground amidships. I would respectfully suggest sending the steamer Cadot to her assistance. I think ghat by to-morrow noon her situation [will be] extremely dangerous unless covered from Little Rock. No news from Major Childress or Captain Hamilton. All rebels and bushwhacking companies have received orders to join the main army below. River falling.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.

(Copy to General Steele.)
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER, Fort Smith, Ark., November 28, 1864.

Colonel S. H. WATTLES, Commanding Indian Brigade:

SIR: The ox train is so much longer than I anticipated in reaching Fort Gibson that I deem it necessary that you send up some more troops to meet the mule train coming from Fort Scott under escort of four companies already sent by you. The escort which I have directed you to send back with the ox train from Fort Gibson will not, I fear, meet the mule train far enough above Neosho to make the mule train safe. Hence you will start at once two companies of the Second Kansas Colored Regiment and three companies of Indian troops, with orders to till they meet the mule train coming down. As you will probably take these companies from the troops now with the ox train, I would send up the Eighteenth Iowa to meet the ox train. I suppose some of Colonel Blair's troops are with the ox train or will be with the mule train, these will go back with the ox train, but if they are not sufficient to make ox train safe going back, you will see that it has a sufficient escort through to Fort Scott.

JOHN M. THAYER,Brigadier-General.

P. S.- I learn from Colonel Blair that there will be about seventy mule teams with the ox train, but there is another under train coming down which is the one I refer to in the above communication.

J. M. T.

