
FORT LEAVENWORTH, November 28, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, New Orleans:

I reached this point yesterday,making the through trip in nine days. There is no definite arrangement, either at Fort Scott or here, for supplying Forts Gibson and Smith during the coming winter, and I fear they will see considerable suffering. Just out Fort Scott I met a train of over 200 wagons, destined for Gibson, fully one-half of them being sutler's wagons. The guard was composed of soldiers returning to their regiments at Fort Smith. There is no preparations being made to send anything further this winter. General Curtis states that he will not have troops from his department to escort any more trains, and that Gibson will have to supply the escorts, should this route be kept open. I find the route a good one for summer, the road being quite level and well supplied with wood and water, and, during the proper season, with grass. The prairies are burnt over in the fall, and the route cannot be used for oxen until spring. It is simply folly to talk of supplying Fort Smith from Scott, the road from Gibson to Smith being entirely impracticable for the moving of heavy trains. The amount of transportation now on the Fort Scott route is not sufficient for the supply of Gibson, and the trains are made up of ox teams. At Scott they have but few supplies, although a large amount could soon be sent there from Leavenworth. The chief quartermaster of the Department of Arkansas is certainly greatly at fault in not having examined into this matter long since, and made proper arrangements for the supply of troops at the different posts in the department. I leave to-morrow for Saint Louis and Pittsburg, and will write you from the latter place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Lyon, Colo. Terr., November 28, 1864.

Lieutenant A. HELLIWELL,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Riley, Kans.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that Colonel John M. Chivington, First Cavalry of Colorado, arrived at this post this day with 1,000 men of the Third Regiment Colorado Cavalry (100-day's men) and two howitzers, on expedition against Indians. This number of men has been required for some time, and is appreciated by me now,as I believe the Indians will be properly punished - what they have for some time deserved. I go out with 125 men and two howitzers to join his command. I have not yet made my proper reports for this month. Have been waiting before making a through inspection to see casually the wants of the post, and now, just as I was preparing to ascertain what was really desired by each company and the post, am called away too early to make a regular monthly inspection and report.

Hoping that this excuse will be deemed sufficient by the major commanding district.

I remain, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

SCOTT J. ANTHONY,

Major First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding Post.

