
PAOLA, November 28, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

The Ninth Wisconsin Battery and Second Colorado Battery have reported at this post for further orders.

WILLIAM B. TOMPKINS,

Captain.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, November 28, 1864.

Brigadier General J. H. CARLETON,Commanding Department of New Mexico:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of yours of the 22nd ultimo, inclosing your Order No. 32, designed to co-operate with movement of General Blunt I suppose long before this reaches you intelligence may have arrived informing you that General Blunt was attracted north, and soon after a short move against Indians on the head of Smoky Hill was ordered east to assist me in repelling an invasion by General Price. I shall be anxious to hear the result of your movement, which could have been successful if General Blunt had known in time and moved, as your letter suggests, south from the mouth of Walnut to Palo Duro. The Arapahoes and Cheyennes have come into Lyon begging for peace, turning over prisoners, horses, &amp;c., for that purpose. The hardest kind of terms are demanded by me and conceded by some of these Indians. They insist on peace or absolute sacrifice, as I choose. Of course, they will have to be received, but there still remains some of these tribes and all the Kiowas to attend to, and I have proposed a winter campaign for their benefit. This, if successful, must be secret and well arranged beforehand. I have written the War Department, and Governor Evans, of Colorado, has gone to Washington to urge my plans, Among other things, I urge the extension of telegraphic liens in the direction of your country. It seems to me absolutely necessary that we should have such facilities. You see in the instance of your move toward Palo Duro how convenient and important it would have been to Colonel Carson and General Blunt. I hope you will unite your influence in this matter. However this matter may be, I shall press war measures, only making terms with such Indians as actually come in and make the most absolute surrender, submission, and restitution.

Hoping that you will continue to co-operate as you have begun, I shall be glad to hear from you frequently, and remain, very truly, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, November 28, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE, U. S. Volunteers,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Having reported in this city, in compliance with telegraphic instructions, you will proceed to report in person to General Grant, at his headquarters in the field, near the Army of the Potomac.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

