HEADQUARTERS, Mouth of White River, November 29, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Have received your several dispatches, the last by Captain Melville, also verbal dispatch by Captain McAlester. Have nothing official from General Steele; have been waiting several days for word from him. Will probably leave here to-day for New Orleans, stopping at Vicksburg, Natchez, and Morganza. Have made a number of consolidations and have one or two more in hand; they very much increase the efficiency and spirit of the troops. While at Memphis ordered Shaler's brigade to concentrate at that point as soon as practicable. Slack's brigade is now there, and Dennis' brigade hourly expected from White River for Memphis. An officer of General Kilby Smith's staff is now here in search of Company K, Ninety-fifth Illinois, for some time stationed at this point; the company has been ordered to rejoin its regiment. This officer (Captain Scott) reports that General A. J. Smith's command was being and refitted in Saint Louis and is probably now arriving at Paducah, Ky., en route for Tennessee.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS, Helena, Ark., November 29, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SHALER,

Commanding Third Brigadier, Second Div., Nineteenth Army Corps:

SIR: General Reynolds has been here since he left Memphis, and directed that the Twenty-third Wisconsin should remain at this post until it is relieved by the Sixth Minnesota. He has also made an application to General Canby for instructions to transfer the Sixth Minnesota to your brigade, leaving the Twenty-third Wisconsin in my command. The Sixth Minnesota is much the largest regiment.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, November 29, 1864.

(Received 10.15 a.m.)

Brigadier General POWELL CLAYTON:

The brigadier-general commanding the district directs me to say that it is not intended to send the Twenty-ninth Iowa to Pine Bluff at present.

S. E. GRAVES,

Captain and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

LEWISBURG, November 29, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Courier just in from Major Childress states that he arrived at the wreck of the Doane at 2 p.m. yesterday. He reports her as a complete wreck. The Chippewa and Ad. Hines are afloat and in good position. The water has fallen thirty inches since the accident occurred. The Hines and Chippewa will have to remain where they are till river

