
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, No. 214. Saint Louis, Mo., November 29, 1864.

Frequent complaints having been made at these headquarters of the conduct of troops in traveling over the various railroad and steam-boat routes in this department, the following regulations are prescribed for the government of all concerned, and will be rigidly enforced:

I. The officers and non-commissioned officers will remain with their command while en route, and will see that good order is preserved.

II. The conductors of trains have the right up to assign the cars of the seats in the cars to the troops to be transported, whether traveling in detachments or singly. Soldiers will conform strictly to the regulations of the trains or steam-boats prescribed for the government of passengers.

III. Whenever soldiers take passages on any train and fail to exhibit proper transportation passes, or refuse to pay their fare, the conductor of the train may telegraph the fact to the next military station on the line of the road, and it shall be the duty of the commanding officer to arrest the guilty parties and send them under guard to their proper commands for trial and punishment. The same instructions will apply to soldiers traveling on steam-boats.

IV. In case of any violation of this order, or misconduct of any kind on the part of offices or soldiers, while on railroad trains or steam-boats, the conductor or clerk may telegraph to the commanding officer of the post or city where the detachment is to disembark, whose duty it shall be immediately to arrest and place in confinement the guilty parties, forwarding a full report to these headquarters, with the names and rank of officers or soldiers arrested, and the regiments to which they belong.

V. Commanding officers of posts sending troops away by railroad or steam-boat will furnish the officer in charge with a copy of this order in each instance.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, November 29, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Pleasant Hill:

Captain Henslee leaves here to-night with detachments of First and Seventh Cavalry, and will move, via Hall's Mills and Big Grove, to Greenton. You will detail an officer and forty men with four days' rations to move at daylight to-morrow, 30th. The officer in command will report to Captain Henslee, at or in the vicinity of Greenton, and will endeavor to reach that point by noon.

By order,&amp;c.:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, No. 317. Springfield, Mo., November 29, 1864.

I. The commanding officer of the Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia will, without delay, make the following distribution of the squadrons of his regiment: Two squadrons will be sent to Lebanon, Mo., with

