
instructions to report to the commanding officer of that post; one squadron will be sent to Gasconade Crossing, with instructions to report to the commanding officer of that post; three squadrons will be sent to Quincy, Mo., with thirty days' rations. The commanding officer will be instructed to obtain full rations of forage and to remain at or near Quincy as long as this can be done and then returned to this post. Operations against will be regarded as of secondary importance, the principal object being to recuperate the horses.

By order of Brigadier General John B. Sanborn:

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GLASGOW, November 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

Quantrill is not killed. At last accounts he was in Saline County. If an adequate mounted force was here, scouting after bushwhackers would be successful and the enemies of the Government could be driven from the district. Guerrillas still roam in Howard and Chariton Counties, but in small parties.

E. A. KUTZNER,

Colonel, &amp;c.

STURGEON, November 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

Fifteen men in Federal uniform, supposed to be guerrillas, robbed Tucker's store, at Middle Grove, last night of $500 in cash and $1,000 in goods.

J. W. BRADLEY,

Lieutenant, Third Missouri State Militia.
HDQRS. SEVENTH MILITARY DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, Saint Joseph, Mo., November 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK;

A band of guerrillas are burning and destroying property of Union men near Arnoldsville, in this county. This band, headed by a man named Williams, has been in that vicinity for weeks. Lieutenant Mathews' command is inefficient and ought to be relieved. If you would order a company of Colonel Harding's paroled prisoners of the Forty-third to go into that vicinity and mount themselves on the horses of rebels they would subjugate that God-forsaken region. We ought to have a small mounted force here to run down thieves who are becoming numerous.

J. M. BASSETT,Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-Marshal.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA, No. 122. Omaha, Nebr. Terr., November 29, 1864.

I. Subject to the approval of the War Department, reservation for military purpose are hereby declared and established, with locations and boundaries,as follows:

Cottonwood Springs, Nebr. Terr.: Commencing at the flag-staff in the center of the parade ground at that post, thence east three miles,

