
CITY POINT, VA., November 30, 1864-3 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

General Pope is here and was objections to the command which I proposed for him that I think well founded, and will not urge it further. I would be glad, however, to have the Department of the Missouri taken from the command of General Canby, being so distant from him in point of time it takes to communicate, and have it, with the Departments of the Northwest and Kansas, put into a military division under General Pope.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, New Orleans, La., November 30, 1864.

Rear-Admiral S. P. LEE, U. S. Navy,Commanding Mississippi Squadron, Mound City, Ill.:

SIR: I have the honor, by direction of the major-general commanding, to acknowledge the receipt of your very letter of the 21st instant, and to tender to you his sincere thanks for your expressions of sympathy and for your approval of Lieutenant Hill's action in placing the Cricket at his disposal. He desires me further to say that the cordial feelings which you have expressed in a previous letter as to your mutual personal, as well as official, relations have been exceedingly gratifying to him, and that, as soon as he is able to leave his bed sufficiently long, he will write to you fully on matters of general interest to the service. You will be pleased to learn that, although the general's wounds were of a very serious character, still no day has passed but that he has been able to attend to all official business that imperatively demanded his personal attention. The wounds are now rapidly healing, and his physicians encourage him with the hope that before two weeks are over he will be able to take some exercise on crutches.

With the assurance of my high regard, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF GULF, No. 169. New Orleans, November 30, 1864.

The following orders and instructions relating to the U. S. Colored Troops, Department of the Gulf, are hereby published for the information and guidance of all concerned:

1. Headquarters:

Until further orders the headquarters of the several organizations of the U. S. Colored Troops of this department will be as follows:

First. Headquarters U. S. Colored Troops, Department of the Gulf, at Port Hudson, La.

Second. Headquarters First Division with the division in the field, now at Morganza, La.

Third. Headquarters First Brigade, First Division, with brigade in the field, now at Morganza, La.

