
Fourth. Headquarters Second Brigade, First Division, with the brigade in the field, now at Morganza. La.

Fifth. Headquarters Second Division at Port Hudson, La.

Sixth. Headquarters First Brigade, Second Division, at Port Hudson, La.

Seventh. Headquarters Second Brigade, Second Division, at Port Hudson, La.

Eighth. Headquarters Third Division at New Orleans, La.

Ninth. Headquarters First Brigade, Third Division, with Ninety-sixth Infantry, now at Mobile Point, Ala.

Tenth. Headquarters Second Brigade, Third Division, with Ninety-third Infantry, now at Berwick City, La.

Eleventh. Headquarters Third Brigade, Third Division, with Seventy-eighth Infantry,now at Fort Saint Philip, La.

Twelfth. Reports, returns, and other official papers for headquarters U. S. Colored Troops, Department of the Gulf, from officers of colored troops, except such as are required to be sent direct, will be forwarded through the proper channels to the commander of the division, who will take measures to have such papers promptly forwarded.

Officers of U. S. Colored Troops, Department of the Gulf, stationed at posts, or in the field, south of New Orleans, may send official papers through the proper channels and properly directed to the officer or headquarters for which they are intended to headquarters Third Division, U. S. Colored Troops, Department of the Gulf, at New Orleans. The commander of this division will promptly forward such papers to the proper headquarters. This applies to returns, &amp;c., from regiments to brigade headquarters, whenever greater dispatch may be expected by such a course.

I. Staff of divisions and brigades:

The staff of division and brigades serving together will be that allowed by existing orders. The staff of a division not serving together will consist of one assistant adjutant-general, with rank not exceeding that of major; one assistant inspector-general, of similar rank; one judge-advocate, a first lieutenant; one aide-de-camp, a lieutenant, who will also act as quartermaster for division headquarters. The assistant adjutant-general will also assist in making the regular inspections.

The staff of a brigade not serving together will consist of an assistant adjutant-general, with rank not exceeding that of captain; and one aide-de-camp, a lieutenant, who will also act as quartermaster for brigade headquarters. These positions under present circumstances will mostly be filled by details.

II. Promotions and appointments:

First. Promotions and appointments in the U. S. Colored Troops, Department of the Gulf, will be made, requiring, as an indispensable condition, that the applicant or officer shall first pass a satisfactory examination, before a duly authorized board of examiners, for the grade to which he desires to be appointed or promoted.

Second. At least one-half of all promotions in regiments or batteries shall be made by seniority, subject to the above condition and the regulation following:

Third. Promotions to the rank of captain, inclusive, shall be made regimentally; to that of major, lieutenant-colonel, and colonel, according to the arm, as infantry, artillery, &c.

Fourth. In case of distinguished conduct in action, meritorious services, marked ability and faithfulness in the performance of duty as an officer, promotions not exceeding one-half the whole number thereof in

