
each grade may be made by selection under the following condition, viz: the officer must be recommenced for such promotion by some one of his commanding officers, without solicitation or application on his part; the recommendation to set forth briefly and precisely the facts upon which it is based; he must be examined by a duly authorized board of examiners,who will determine whether he possesses the qualification required for the grade to which his promotion is recommenced, whether there is sufficient ground for his promotion by selection; and in case of more officers recommended than vacancies subject to be filled by promotion by selection, which officer is best entitled thereto, and then promotion shall be acted upon according to the report of said board. No officer shall apply for his promotion by selection, nor shall any petition for any promotion whatever be circulates or signed by offices of the U. S. Colored Troops, Department of the Gulf.

Fifth. A suitable standard of qualifications to be required by boards of examiners shall be prepared by the commanding officer of the U. S. Colored Troops, Department of the Gulf, which, being approved by the commanding general of the department, shall be duly conformed to.

Sixth. Boards of examines will be appointed by the commanding general of the department, upon the application of the commanding officer of the U. S. Colored Troops, Department of the Gulf.

Seventh. Boards of examiners, under section 10 of the Act of Congress approved July 22, 1861, will be appointed when necessary by the commanding general of the department. The commanding officer of the U. S. Colored Troops, Department of the Gulf is hereby authorized to order before such boards such officers of colored troops of this department as may be reported deficient in capacity, qualifications, propriety of conduct, or efficiency.

Eighth. No recommendations for appointments or promotions in the U. S. Colored Troops, Department of the Gulf, will be made or given,except as herein prescribed or in accordance with the report of a duly authorized board of examiners, duly approved.

Ninth. Such instructions from headquarters U. S. Colored Troops, Department of the Gulf, as may be given to carry out the foregoing provisions will be duly observed.

III. Sending official papers relating only to colored troops:

Official papers relating only to matters subject to the action of the commanding officer of the U. S. Colored Troops, Department of the Gulf, or to that of subordinate commanders in that organization as such, will be sent only through the proper channels of the U. S. Colored Troops. All official papers relating to matter relating to matters properly under the control of other commanding officers, under whom any of the colored troops of this department may be serving, will be sent through such commanding officers. Of the first class above mentioned, are papers relating to promotions and appointments in the colored troops; returns and reports required at the headquarters of the U. S. Colored Troops, Department of the Gulf, or at those of divisions or brigades not united and serving together.

IV. General courts-martial:

General courts-martial for the trail of officers or enlisted men of the U. S. Colored Troops, Department of the Gulf, who may be serving under other commanding officers competent to appoint general courts-martial will be appointed by such commanding officers, or higher competent authority. Except that for the trial of officers relating to matters under the control of the commanding officer of the U. S. Colored

