
Troops, Department of the Gulf, or subordinate commanders of colored troops as such, general courts-martial will be appointed by the proper commanding officer of colored troops if the accused is serving under his direct command, otherwise by the commanding general of the department. Commanders of divisions, or of separate brigades, may appoint general courts-martial for the trial of officers and enlisted men who may be serving under their command, and not serving away from the division or brigade under other commanders competent to appoint general courts-martial.

V. Instructions from headquarters U. S. Colored Troops, Department of the Gulf:

All instructions from headquarters U. S. Colored Troops, Department of the Gulf, relating to matters of organization, promotions and appointments, drill, discipline, and the proper performance of military duty, will be strictly observed by all officers of colored troops in this department.

VI. Headquarters flags:

The flags to designate the different headquarters of the organizations in the U. S. Colored Troops, Department of the Gulf, and the positions of commanders on the march and in the field, shall be as follows:

First. Headquarters U. S. Colored Troops, Department of the Gulf: Flag four feet square, with a blue border nine inches wide, around a white center two feet sic inches square, in the center of which a red shield eighteen inches wide and eighteen inches long, with the letters "U. S. C. T." in white thereon.

Second. Headquarters of division: Same patters and size as the above, with the following exceptions: The border will be red instead of blue; the shield blue instead of red, with the number of the division in a white figure one foot long in the center thereof.

Third. Headquarters of brigades: Flag four feet square, with a blue border nine inches wide, around a white center two feet six inches square. The number of the brigade, a black figure ten inches long in the upper corner of the white square nearest the staff;the figure three inches from the nearest edges to the square. The number of the division in red;same sized figure similarly placed in the lower corner of the white square farthest from the staff.

VII. Corps badge:

A corps badge shall be worn on the center of the top of the cap by all officers and enlisted men of the U. S. Colored Troops, Department of the Gulf. The badge shall be a shield two inches long by two inches wide, of form according to pattern to be prescribed and made known: red for the First Division; white for the Second Division; light blue for the Third Division. General and staff officers, or officers acting as such, of divisions and brigades will war a double shield, the second on the first one-fourth of an inch smaller all around; red or white for First Division;white or light blue for the Second Division; blue or red for the Third Division. General and staff officers, or officers acting as such, of the whole corps to wear a triple shield, each one-fourth of an inch smaller all around than the one on which it is placed, arranged in this order: red or white, on light blue.

VIII. Regimental and corps instructions:

The office of regimental and corps instructor is abolished. Chaplains of regiments will, as far as practicable, perform the duties heretofore performed by regimental instructions.

