
IX. Returns of quartermasters' property, &amp;c.:

All officers of U. S. Colored Troops, Department of the Gulf, who are, or may be, required to make returns of quartermasters' property, camp and garrison equipage, or other returns to the Quartermaster-General, will send the same direct to headquarters U. S. Colored Troops, Department of the Gulf, except such as are required to pass through intermediate commanders, for the following purposes: First, to see that officers responsible for such property forward the required returns promptly and regularly; second, to see that they are in proper form and properly made out; third, to see that the action of such officers in relation to such property is just and correct. A letter of transmittal, directed to the Quartermaster-General, to accompany such returns. The above does not apply to returns from post quartermasters, or those properly under the control of other commanding officers.

X. Returns of ordnance property:

All officers of U. S. Colored Troops, Department of the Gulf, responsible for ordnance property or stores, will send the required returns for the chief of ordnance, with letter of transmittal directed to him, to headquarters U. S. Colored Troops, Department of the Gulf, for these purposes; First, that officers may be obliged to forward returns promptly and regularly; second, to see that they are in proper form; third, to see that they are correct and just. This section his limited in its application in the same manner as the preceding section.

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, New Orleans, La., November 20, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel SMITH,Inspector-General, Donaldsonville:

General Cameron reports some of the party opposite Donaldsonville were captured by the enemy before his cavalry got over. Give orders to have the whole country this side the Amite thoroughly scoured and these fellows captured if possible. Give the officers a good idea of the roads.

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, New Orleans, November 30, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel SMITH,Inspector-General, Donaldsonville:

Telegram received. Use your best judgment in clearing out that country of the guerrillas and catching them if possible. If General Cameron had not sent enough cavalry across order any or all that you may find at Donaldsonville.

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

46 R R-VOL XLI, PT IV

