HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, New Orleans, La., November 30, 1864.

Brigadier General D. ULLMANN,Commanding, &amp;c., Morganza:

Be pleased to send an officer by first boat going up, with orders to deliver the following dispatch:

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS, or

COMMANDING OFFICER U. S. FORCES,

Mouth of White River:

Send one brigade back to Morganza without delay.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

Please acknowledge receipt.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Tri-monthly report of Corps of Special Scouts, organized by order of Major-General Canby and commanded by Lieutenant I. N. Earl, for the ten days from November 20 to November 19, 1864, inclusive.

On the 24th I went with my command on board the steamer Colonel Cowles and proceeded to a point twelve miles below Rodney, Miss., and seized 67 bales and 17 bags of cotton on the plantation of a Confederate by the name of Robert Scott. Placed the cotton on board the Colonel Cowles and proceeded up the river to a point five miles above Saint Joseph, La., and landed and proceeded to Saint Joseph by land, capturing 3 prisoners on the way, arriving at Saint Joseph on the morning of the 26th. I then started westward, and when about twelve miles from the river discovered twenty-five boxes of tobacco, which had been brought from the east side of the river and stored there by the Confederates to await transportation. I took the tobacco to the boat during the night of the 26th of and also captured 2 other prisoners, making 5 on this trip and 17 during the month. Just before dark on the evening of the 26th, while I wash in the country with my command, a party of Confederates attacked and drove to their boats eighty marines from one of the gun-boats, with a loss of 1 killed and 1 missing. The skirmish took place only a few hundred yards from where my boat was lying. A portion of my command passed over the only road which led to the interior twice during the night, escorting teams, but were not molested. At daylight on the morning of the 27th I started down the river and arrived at Natchez about noon.

I. N. EARL,

First Lieutenant Co. D, 4th Wisconsin Cav., Commanding Special Scouts.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Natchez, Miss., November 30, 1864-9 a.m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Lieutenant Earl, while passing through Fayette, twenty-eight miles from here, last night, was fired upon and, I fear, fatally wounded by a buckshot in the breast. His men returned this morning, leaving

