HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Devall's Bluff, Ark., November 30, 1864-9 a.m.

Captain C. H. DYER,Little Rock:

White River is falling. Gun-boat 30 arrived yesterday afternoon. The Zephyr came in about 10 last night and reports a few rebels crossing to the west side of the river at Crockett's Bluff, and that the Dickey was fired into; also that tracks of a good many troops with wheels having crossed at Harris' Ferry, just above Aberdeen, but does not know which way. I think it is Dobbin trying to get across the Arkansas.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

LEWISBURG, November 30, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Eight deserters returned to this regiment yesterday bringing in with them as prisoner Lieutenant Isom, of Hill's regiment. They report 800 rebels on Spring Creek, Yell County, preparing to go south. Many families are going with them. I have sent a scout of dismounted men under Lieutenant Wylie to Perry County. I went down to the Annie Jacobs yesterday; saw her in a good position and I think her safe. River falling.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, New Orleans, La., November 30, 1864.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding Dist. of West Tennessee and Vicksburg, Vicksburg, Miss.:

SIR: Your communication of the 24th instant in relation to the cotton traffic by the steamers Mattie Cooke and Virginia came to hand this afternoon. The commanding general directs me to say that in all cases of violations of the blockade, and of existing orders which come within the military jurisdiction, you are competent to act, but that whenever they are beyond that jurisdiction the necessary action devolves upon the commander of the naval district, to whom the case should be reported with a request that the proper action be taken, and the offending persons and property be turned over to you for the institution of the necessary proceedings. Any boat that has once violated existing orders may be seized by you the moment she comes again within you jurisdiction, but under the order of Admiral Porter, which, while it exists, we are bound to respect, it is desirable to avoid a conflict of authority, which might lead to serious results. On the river the Navy is the supreme authority, the same as the Army is on land, and while the commanding general sincerely appreciates your zeal in using every endeavor to stop illegal traffic, he is also anxious to preserve that harmony between the two arms of the service, which is so essential to the success of our cause. Admiral Lee been written

