
to very fully (with copies of your letters and other papers bearing on this question),and has been earnestly requested to give such orders as will effectually put a stop to the evils complained of.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DETACH. NINETEENTH CORPS, No. 1. Memphis, Tenn., November 30, 1864.

In obedience to paragraph 2, Special Field Orders, No. 27, November 27, 1864, headquarters Nineteenth Army Corps, I hereby assume command of all troops belonging to the Nineteenth Corps assembling at this place. Commanding officers of brigades, detachments, and batteries will cause to be made out and forwarded to these headquarters, with as little delay as possible, full rosters and reports of their respective commands. The following officers are announced upon the staff:Lieutenant Colonel Willard Slocum, One hundred and twentieth Ohio Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general and chief of infantry; Captain Bluford Wilson, assistant adjutant-general; Surg. Otis E. French, One hundred and fourteenth Ohio Volunteers, surgeon in chief; Captain J. J. Huntley, Thirty-seventh Illinois Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant F. X. Cottin, Fifty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Captain E. L. Hawk, One hundred and fourteenth Ohio Volunteers, ordnance officer; Captain Gallio H. Fairman, Thirty-seventh Illinois Volunteers, judge-advocate.

By command of Brigadier General M. K. Lawler:

BLUFORD WILSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

POST HEADQUARTERS, Weston, Mo., November 30, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to send by Lieutenant Watie a few lines. The situation of matters here, political, civil,and military, is of the mixed order. The Radicals are vexed that the election in this county and Congressional district has gone against them. They claim that advantage was taken of my absence to bring about this result; that Lieutenant Shapley is to blame - of that I cannot say. Bushwhackers and Confederate soldiers are lurking about the country, occasionally robbing and plundering, but to no great extent. I keep my men on the move, but with some exceptions they elude the utmost vigilance, for the reason that disloyal men still live and are protected in the country. They both hide and feed these thieves; the difficulty lies in the proof. The circuit court is in session at Platte City with a strong guard for its protection. The judge tells me that the docket will not be cleared under two weeks. He deems it advisable to remove the records as soon as the court adjourns. The people about here who are possessed of rebel proclivities have not lost hope by their recent disasters. On the contrary, they are as rampant as ever and fully as hopeful. Nothing, general, will ever cure this unhappy people of their fatal delusions but the session of a military commission to decide on who shall emigrate and who stay. You have in a recent memorable paper given strength to my own opinions in the same direction. The two

