
elements cannot live in peace together. Matters are infinitely worse in Clay than this county. A good strong campaign on the Fishing River and the northwest part of that county would, perhaps, be a good thing; but my little force has all it can do to protect the people of this county. There is no other military force in the country now that I know of. When the rebels get tired up this way, or get too close pressed, they cross the river and retire to Howard County, which is now, it seems from information I get here, the rendezvous for them. I am at present suffering from lameness and not able to ride, but I am doing post duty, which keeps me busy; but I hold myself ready for orders at any time, and will be obliged for your kind advice and direction in conducting affairs here in my poor way.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. HILLIARD,

Major, Commanding Post.

WESTON, November 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

I have sent guard to Platte City, Captain Butts, to guard the circuit court now in session. I send some men to-morrow morning to Ridgeley and Smithland to remain there until further orders. Some stragglers, whackers, are heard from occasionally. Confederate officers and men are constantly crossing the river back and forth. I am much in need of horses to mount my command, and cannot, therefore, do as much work as I wish to. I am making efforts to capture several Confederate officers known to be prowling about. Matters are worse in Clay County than here, but owing to my small command I cannot do much there. I am having some trouble with whisky vendors, but have fined them. With your consent will apply the proceeds to hospital use. You will undoubtedly have a deputation from Weston soon.

H. HILLIARD,

Major.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., November 30, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: The Enrolled Militia lately under my command have captured considerable property, and turned most of it over to the U. S. quartermaster at Saint Joseph. There is still in their possession a few horses, some revolvers, and some $500 in money. The militia that were called out in July last left their harvests to rot in the field; and many of them have remained in active service until the present, and have, of course, had no chance to provide for next year by sowing wheat this fall. Many are poor and have families to provide for. I respectfully ask you to issue an order permitting me or some other officer to ascertain such meritorious militiamen as have lost horses in battle, or in any active service, and to present such the few horses not yet turned over to the quartermaster. The number will be less than twenty, probably not more than ten. In the fight in which Bill Anderson was defeated and killed some five or six of the militia were wounded, one of whom died a day or two afterward, leaving a mother in destitute circumstances; one other was badly wounded in the arm, and the arm

