
is paralyzed,and will probably remain so. I gave the mare of Bill Anderson to Lieutenant Colonel S. P. Cox, who commanded in the fight (subject, of course, to any order you might make in the premises). There are still in the hands of the officers who commanded four revolvers, two watches, and about $500 in gold and greenbacks, which I hope, general, you will feet authorized to dispose of as follows: Give the gold watch to Major Grimes, who was second in command; the silver watch and revolvers to such officers and men as Colonel Cox and Major Grimes shall indicate as most deserving, and the money, in such proportions as may [be] deemed right, to those who were wounded in the fight. I need not remind the general commanding that the militia have served almost without pay. Cox was in command at my request without a commission, because I believed he would and whip Anderson. The Government issued him a commission to-day as lieutenant-colonel,which I will carry to him. Will you favor me with an early reply to this hasty letter?

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. CRAIG,

Brigadier-General, Enrolled Missouri Militia.

[Memorandum.]

Captain ENO:

Make special order in conformity with this request, specifying that the distribution of property is authorized in consideration of the gratuitous services of the militia and their gallantry in chasing and killing Bill Anderson, and requiring a certified list of the property, from whence and by whom taken.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS, Paola, November 30, 1864.

Major General S. C. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas:

GENERAL: The letter of J. Harlan, U. S. Indian, agent, to Commissioner Dole,dated Washington, September 30, 1864, and the letter of Major-General Halleck, Chief of Staff of the Army, dated October 3, 1864, referred to me for report, are herewith respectfully returned, with the following statement of facts:

During a portion of the year 1863 the Indian Territory, including the Cherokee country, was under my command, but I am not advised that any outrages were committed upon citizens of the Cherokee Nation, except, perhaps, some little irregularities that are incident to all armies when marching through an enemy's country, and which cannot always be guarded against by the utmost vigilance on the part of commanders. When forage was required, and could be obtained in the country through which we passed, it was taken and loyal owners remunerated. The only events worthy of note during that portion of the year 1863 that I commanded the Indian Territory are briefly these:

First. Contrary to the expectations and against the wishes of the then Brigadier General J. M. Schofield, commanding the department in which I was serving, the short campaign of July, August, and September of that year (1863) resulted in the defeat and rout of the rebel forces, three times our numbers, and the recapture and occupation of Fort

