
too, in the selection of the men; send none but those who can be depended upon in an emergency. A trusty guide will accompany them. They will report at these headquarters at 4 p. m. this day.

By order of Brigadier General E. S. Dennis:

WM. E. KUHN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., October 18, 1864.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

DEAR SIR: The First Brigade of the Third Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, arrived here to-day from Morganza, and I learn that a few thousand more troops are coming from the lower Mississippi. One brigade of General Dennis' division arrived here about ten days ago, and the rest of the division is on the way up. We ought to annihilate Price's army to compensate for the injury he has done. Major-General Herron is at Little Rock, having come up a few days ago. Fortune may favor us by a rise in the Arkansas. I hardly think Price will venture this particular way in returning, as he must apprehend our getting re-enforcements readily. Conjectures amount to but little. The important things is to have men enough in hand and ready to strike and to march. I hope something will occur in our favor that is more than commonplace. We have had two weeks of delightful weather, which is being taken advantage of by the troops of this place in making earth-works and building comfortable quarters. I had the pleasure the other day of voting for you, the commissioners from Minnesota having been here. I pray to God you may be re-elected by an overwhelming majority, so that the enemies of the country may be confounded.

Very truly, your friend,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., October 18, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM D. WOOD,

Commanding Eleventh Missouri Cavalry:

The general commanding directs that you send a scout of 100 men to the neighborhood of Saint Charles and the Arkansas River for beef-cattle. The scout will start early to-morrow morning. The officer to be in command will report to the general this evening for instructions.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. E. HOWE,

Captain, Twelfth Michigan Infty., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., October 18, 1864--5.45 p. m.

Brigadier General POWELL CLAYTON:

The steamer Annie Jacobs has not yet arrived. A scout was sent from here at 10 o'clock last night, who went as far as Johnson's Bar, which is about eighteen miles from Little Rock, but could get no tidings

