
MOUND CITY, November 30, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A great many families in the vicinity of Mine Creek and in the locality through which Price marched in Kansas are entirely destitute. I would ask authority to issue rations to such families.

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel.

NEOSHO RIVER, November 30, 1864-8 p.m.

Major General S. R. CURTIS:

I arrived here to-night and found the train for Gibson and Smith encamped on south side. I received a dispatch from Colonel Wattles last night stating that the enemy in large force crossed the Arkansas River twenty miles north of Gibson on the 27th, coming this way. The train will remain here until the scouts find out positively the strength and object of the enemy. The train is very large and unwieldy. To move on the enemy would be madness should he be coming. If the alarm is false the scouts will find it out, then the train will move. This course is pursued by my advice and judgment.

MOONLIGHT,

Colonel.

CAMP AT NEOSHO, November 30, 1864-9 p.m.

Major General S. R. CURTIS:

I arrived at this point yesterday and find from dispatches from Colonel Wattles that there is in all probability a heavy force of the enemy in my front. Upon consultation with Colonel Moonlight, I deemed it best to remain here until I can find out by my scouts the strength, whereabouts, and designed of the enemy. I have no cavalry for scouting purposes, which leaves me, in this respect, at the mercy of the enemy. Colonel Moonlight has not a horse that can rise a gallop; cannot some be sent from Fort Scott?

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. PHILLIPS,

Major First Regiment, Indian Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB-DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA, Fort Ridgely, November 30, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Minnesota, Saint Paul. Minn.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inform you that according to reliable information there are a few parties of Fort Thompson Indians on the east side of the Big Sioux River for the purpose of trading, as intimated in one of your late communications. John Moore emphatically denies that he had or has anything to do with their leaving their reservation for the purpose mentioned, but Joseph La Framboise states that John Other-Day and Henry Eau Claire are the parties who invited the Indians to coma across, and I know that John Other-Day some time since

