
six mules. Artillery: To every battery, light or heavy,the effective strength of which is not greater than three commissioned officers and sixty enlisted men, one six-mule wagon, harness, and six mules; to every battery, light or heavy, the effective strength of which is greater than three commissioned officers and sixty men, two six-mule wagons, harness, and twelve mules; to every heavy field battery without caissons, and to guns belonging to the siege train, one additional six-mule wagon, harness, and six mules to a section will be allowed when the batteries are about to engaged in active service, for the purpose of carrying as many rounds of assorted ammunition as possible for immediate use. The above will include transportation for all personal baggage, mess-chests, cooking utensils, desks, papers, &amp;c. All excess of transportation now with army corps, divisions, brigades, regiments, and batteries over the foregoing allowance will be immediately turned over to the quartermaster's department of to be used in trains. Commanding officers of departments, corps, divisions, &c., will immediately cause inspections to be made, and will be responsible for the strict execution of this order. Within ten days after the receipt of this order at their respective headquarters,all inspectors will report directly to the inspector-general at these headquarters every violation of this order, certifying in their reports that they have thoroughly inspected the several commands, and have reported therein every deviation from this order in regard to allowance of transportation.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, La., December 1, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I forward for the information of the major-general commanding copies of letter from Governor Hahn and my reply. I have been very careful in this correspondence to avoid any injuring the susceptibility of this office, and to state as clearly as I could the line of distinction which I conceive to exist. His authority as military governor has been merged by his installation into office as civil governor, and were it not so merged in under control of superior military rank. His allusion in the letter to a communication addressed by me to the mayor, Mr. Hoyt, is thus explained. I learned that the Legislature was about to pass laws largely increasing the number of officers and the amount of salaries in the city organization. I informed Acting Mayor Hoyt that no legislation relating to the change of the machinery of the city government would be valid until approved by the military commander. This was done because I considered the city under a military government,and until that military government is given up by proper authority it appeared manifest that it should not be yielded to the control of others.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.

