
Excellency's own fault if the relations between the commanding general of this department and the Governor of the State are inharmonious.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.

MORGANZA, December 1, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

New Orleans:

I first learned of your order for Arkansas yesterday afternoon, at Vicksburg, and, being very desirous of a personal interview, decided to continue to New Orleans; will delay there but a short time. Your dispatch of yesterday for one brigade to come to Morganza goes up by a tug and will be complied with at once. I will in New Orleans before daylight to-morrow.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT NINETEENTH CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., December 1, 1864.

Major S. C. FARRINGTON:

I arrived here on the morning of the 19th ultimo. Found Colonel Slack's brigade in camp two miles from town on the Pigeon Roost road. Yesterday General Shaler arrived and reported in person. His brigade was expected last night or this morning. The Twenty-eighth Illinois was already here. The Fourth Massachusetts Battery reported to me yesterday. I have heard nothing from General Dennis yet. Colonel Dornblaser has this moment reported his regiment, the Forty-sixth Illinois, and a camp has been designated for it and his brigade adjoining Colonel Slack's. I have not information of the enemy. Since commencing this communication General Shaler's brigade, with the exception of the Twenty-third Wisconsin Volunteers, which is at Helena, has arrived and been assigned a comfortable camp on the Bolivar road near the Fair Grounds. Please inform me if we are to expect the Twenty-third Wisconsin Volunteers. I find the troops healthy and in good condition, and just as soon as they are settled in their new quarters I shall inaugurate and enforce daily drills in the school of the company and battalion, with an occasional brigade drill and grand review. The large number of new recruits in the different regiments renders some such course necessary. A full report of the detachment will be forwarded just as soon as the returns can be got in.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C., No. 80. Little Rock, Ark., December 1, 1864.

Captain C. A. Henry, assistant quartermaster volunteers, is assigned to duty at these headquarters as acting chief quartermaster of the Seventh Army Corps.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

