HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Little Rock, Ark., December 1, 1864.

Colonel A. H. RYAN,Lewisburg, Ark.:

The general commanding the district wishes to know how many scouts you have out on the north side of the river, and if there is any late news of the enemy. He also wishes to know if you have any further use for the 500 cavalry of Colonel Geiger's brigade at Lewisburg.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL E. GRAVES,

Captain and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

LEWISBURG, December 1, 1864-3.20 p.m.

Captain S. E. GRAVES,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.

Major Childress and Captain Hamilton, with eighty men of the Third Arkansas, are guarding the boats near the Piney. I have a scout below Norristown, and scout with forage train near Gallarock, and one returned yesterday in from forks at the Cadron.

Two hundred rebs are at Buck's Mountain,near Dover; they are the only ones collected that I know of. There are quite a number of small gangs all through the country, but no formidable ones. With the exception of the boats above, there is no particular use for Major Childress' command up here. About 200 rebels are near Danville, Perry County. They have come up from below. A few small squads are gathering stock in Perry County. I have sent scout over to break them up.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Little Rock, Ark., December 1, 1864.

Colonel A. H. RYAN,Lewisburg, Ark.:

The brigadier-general commanding the district directs that you leave the eighty men of Third Arkansas with the steam-boats,and that you have the 500 cavalry under Major Childress move on to Dover and clean out the enemy, and then commanding with Lewisburg. In the meantime the general will confer with Major-General Steele as to whether the 500 cavalry are to remain or return to Brownsville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL E. GRAVES,

Captain and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

LITTLE ROCK, December 1, 1864.

Brigadier General P. CLAYTON:

General Andrews telegraphs from Devall's Bluff that quite a force of rebels, supposed to be Dobbin's going, south, crossed White River at Harris' Ferry,just above Aberdeen. Keep a watch out.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

