HEADQUARTERS, Macon, December 1, 1864.

Colonel D. P. DYER,Mexico:

My general order designating sub-districts will reach you in a day or two. Your sub-district comprises the counties of Saint Charles, Warren, Lincoln, Pike,and Montgomery, with headquarters at Warrenton. The counties of Audrain, Boone, and Callaway will constitute a subdistrict, under Lieutenant-Colonel Smart, with headquarters at Mexico. You will go to Warrenton with half the regiment and care for your sub-district. You will not in any case station troops in the same locality of their homes. Direct Lieutenant-Colonel Smart to send one company to Fulton forthwith to relieve the Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, now on duty at that post, and one company to Columbia. Let Captain Stewart be sent to Fulton. I shall recommend him as assistant provost-marshal at that post. Serious charges are made against Lieutenant Ludwig, and his removal will soon be made. Captain Kempinsky's company will go with you, where you can put your vigorous disciplinary hand upon them.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., December 1, 1864-1.20 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I am informed by telegraph from Neosho Crossing, about 120 miles below Fort Scott, that the trains carrying supplies to Fort Gibson are halted because of a large rebel force in front. This is beyond my department lines,and I am unable to do much, but have ordered a regiment of my troops, under Colonel Moonlight, to support the escort, commanded by Major Phillips, in going forward or back, as circum stances seem to require. Indian troubles now demand all my force, and large numbers are crowding into Fort Lyon as prisoners of war, while others in small bands are attacking stages and trains. Under these circumstances, I cannot furnish escorts to carry provisions for Indians and troops beyond my department lines, and your attention is called to the necessity of furnishing General Steele with forces sufficient and in position to guard the lines to Fort Gibson, Fort Scott, or have the troops and Indians now there to fall back where they [can] get provisions.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, December 1, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have been at this post since the 10th of October last awaiting orders. Although senior to every officer in the department except its commander, I am unemployed. In a conversation recently held with General Curtis he informed me that my late command was given to a junior because my health was not supposed equal to the fatigues of

