
the campaign against General Price, and for no other reason. Subsequently, in an official letter General Curtis tells me that my being relieved was without prejudice to my character as an officer or associate in his command. With these views of the general before me and with the remark that my health has been, and I hope will be, sufficient for whatever is required of it, I trust the general will see the necessity of placing me on duty in a position commensurable with my rank in the army,and no longer subject me to the mortification of remaining idle at time when the Government has a right to these service of all its servants.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, December 1, 1864.

Colonel BLAIR,

Fort Scott:

If you can spare cavalry with fast horses send some to re-enforce Major Phillips. Also send word to Colonel Moonlight to support the command of Major Phillips to the best of his abilities in going forward or back, as circumstances seem to require.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, December 1, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR:

Since my last telegraph I have seen a report of the robbing and other rascalities committed by a part of the escort. I suppose the troops do not belong to our command, still we must do all we can to ascertain the men and officers implicated in this affair, and they must be severely and publicly punished. Put an immediate stop to such villainy. Call Colonel Moonlight's attention to it, and tell him it is my desire that he will redress such outrageous wrongs, no matter whose command the troops belong to.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, December 2, 1864-10.30 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel GRANT:

Where shall Rosecrans be assigned or sent by the order placing Dodge in command of the Department of the Missouri?

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., December 2, 1864-1 p.m.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

Immediately on receipt of Thomas' dispatch I sent him a dispatch, which no doubt you read as it passed through the office. Rosecrans will do less harm doing nothing than on duty. I know no department

