
refused her permission to go there. I am told General Hurlbut indorsed her application that he would require proper proofs of loyalty before he would issue a pass to her. Now, in my opinion, paper proof of loyalty can be obtained by almost any person. Whether she produced proof of loyalty and procured a pass I do not know. I may not understand the general orders from the headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi on the subject properly, but according to my present construction of them all the proofs of loyalty possible would not authorize me to pass a person through my lines, except for military purposes or on the leased plantation business. I have just ordered the steamer Joseph Peirce to be fined $500 for landing a woman and her child, through the assistance of a gun-boat, at Fort Adams, on 13th instant. I am informed also that she landed a Mrs. Patrick and her daughter on the same day at the mouth of Red River; also on same day, landed a Mrs. Maunsell White, niece to Jefferson Davis, at Bayou Sara, also through gun-boat assistance; but, as the two latter places are not within the limits of my command, I have not taken action in the cases of Mrs. Patrick and Mrs. White.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

U. S. GUN-BOAT OCTORORA, Off Mobile, December 2, 1864.

Captain T. A. JENKINS,

Commanding First Division, Mobile Bay:

SIR: Since the four deserters were sent down to the lower bay, that last came off, I have learned that they stated while on board here that the colored Federal troops that were taken by Wheeler and sent to Mobile were employed at the time of the departure of these men upon the rebel earth-works; that not only the rank and file but the officers were compelled to labor;and that the men were maltreated and abused if they showed an unwillingness to work. We have no further news. The transfer of clothing by Captain Whytock has not yet been made.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LOW,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

The foregoing is sent to General Canby for his information.

Very respectfully,

THORNTON A. JENKINS,

Captain, Commanding First Division, West Gulf Squadron.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF ALABAMA AND WEST FLORIDA, Fort Gaines, December 3, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters Division of West Mississippi through headquarters Department of the Gulf.

I have taken no measures to ascertain the truth or falsity of the within report. The same report has been made through other channels. I know nothing of the operations of Captain Whytock, as no orders concerning his movements have been received at these headquarters.

G. GRANGER,Major-General, Commanding.

