
in procuring books for headquarters, lamps, stoves, and the relief of destitute refugees passing through here north, many of whom come in naked and barefooted. I found a loose system of taking care and disposing of property coming on shore from wrecks. Private individuals were allowed to take charge of this property and appropriate it if tot claimed, and if claimed to charge and appropriate the salvage. I have appointed the bar pilot wreck master; require him to make a report of all property and vessels rescued. I allow him 5 per cent. of the salvage money, the balance to go into the post fund. There is but little of this class of property, yet enough to bring $200 or $300 per month to this fund.

I have been thus particular, general, to give details, because I wish you to know precisely what action I have taken in these matters. I have corrected all other irregularities discovered, and restored as far as possible the discipline and morale of the command, established regular daily drill and target firing once a week. The construction of the fortifications on the island is progressing rapidly. I respectfully recommend that the Ninety-first Illinois Volunteers be relieved by a regiment that has an efficient and capable colonel who can command the forces at this place; that two or more companies of cavalry be sent here immediately, and three companies of heavy artillery be sent to take charge of the artillery in the fortifications made. The store-houses for commissary of subsistence and quartermaster's department are inadequate and indifferent; all the public buildings are temporary. If this is to be an established military post, buildings and barracks should be erected as soon as possible. The dampness and violent winds destroy tents in a few months. I shall have completed the work assigned to me by the time the change of regiments referred to above can be effected, and unless more troops are to be sent here and active operations assumed on this coast I respectfully and very urgently request to be relieved from command of the U. S.forces, Brazos Santiago, and transferred to a large and,if consistent with the public service, a more active command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. PILE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, New Orleans, December 2, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER DISTRICT OF CARROLLTON:

Put the One hundred and thirtieth Illinois en route for Lake End (Mobile Landing) immediately, and direct the commanding officer to go into camp there and report his arrival by telegraph to these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier-General Sherman:

FREDERIC SPEED,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, New Orleans, December 2, 1864-7 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel SMITH,

Inspector-General, opposite Donaldsonville:

Instruct Captain Allen to get his cavalry under away as far as he can as soon as the horses reach there, so that General Cameron's cavalry

