HEADQUARTERS THIRD SUB-DISTRICT, Pilot Knob, December 2, 1864.

Captain H. HANNAHS,Company E, Fiftieth Missouri Volunteers:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram, and in reply would inform you that your company will remain at Potosi unless emergencies require them elsewhere. I will expect you to keep the country thoroughly scouted in the direction of Webster and Caledonia; also to tender assistance to the provost-marshal of enrollment in notifying and hunting up conscripts in Washington County. You will act as emergencies require for the good of the service.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. W. MAUPIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, December 2, 1864-11.30 a.m.

Colonel E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Rolla, Mo.:

If you are senior officer in the district you can assume command.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, No. 218. Rolla, Mo., December 2, 1864.

In accordance with instructions from the headquarters Department of the Missouri, the undersigned hereby assumes command of this district.

E. C. CATHERWOOD,Colonel Thirteenth Missouri Veteran Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Springfield, Mo., December 2, 1864.

Captain FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that officers and enlisted men of my command who were wounded in the late engagement with General Price's army, or were taken sick on the campaign and left at hospitals in the Central District, and who have now recovered from their wounds and sickness, are detained against their will and without proper authority at the posts where they were left sick or wounded, the larger portion being at Jefferson City. I respectfully request that post and district commanders and surgeons in charge of hospitals be directed to send forward all these officers and men to their proper commands with the least possible delay. I have also the honor to report that a large number of the officers of the Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry who left their commands on a veteran furlough with the recruits of that regiment for the Thirteenth Cavalry early in the summer, have not yet returned to their regiment,nor been mustered from the service therein,

