
and that the services of those officers are now much needed with their respective commands. I therefore respectfully request that all officers of the Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry now on duty with the Thirteenth Cavalry, who have not in due form been mustered into said Thirteenth Regiment Cavalry Volunteers, and out of the Sixth Missouri State militia Cavalry, be ordered to report without delay to the commanding officer of the Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry for duty.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Levenworth, December 2, 1864.

Major B. S. HENNING,

Fort Riley, Kans:

DEAR MAJOR: I am in receipt of many letters from you concerning your command which I cannot answer in detail I must generally approve your exertions to keep matters right, and hope you will keep me advised. The treaty operations at Lyon greatly embarrass matters, and I hope you have disposed of Major Wynkoop and directed a change for the better. Indians must be kept at arm's length. Even if they come in as prisoners of war we are not obliged to receive them, or feed them, or allow them inside the forts. The old and infirm and lazy will come in, while the wicked are allowed to go on with their devilment. I suppose Left Hand and some of the Indians who have been in may be sincere, but they must evince their fidelity by strong proofs, such as turning over the culprits, arms, horses, &amp;c., and becoming the foes of hostile bands, ready and willing to fight them. I am going to send troops forward with a view of further operations at the proper time, but do not desire the public to know my purposes,a nd therefore will not dilate upon them.of course, I have my eyes ont eh matter of Indian troubles.

I remain, major, very truly, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

CABIN CREEK, December 2, 1864- 9 p. m.

Colonel BLAIR,

Commanding Post, Fort Scott;

COLONEL: I arrived here this day at noon and took command of escort to train. No appearance of any enemy. General Thayer is very desirous that the mule train be pushed forward at once. I will send an escort from Fort Gibson to meet it at Cabin Creek and take it through. Send back messenger at once, giving the exact time when the train will leave Fort Scott and the probable rate of travel per day, in order that no mistake may be made in the train. Send also by the messenger the number of wagons in the train, so that the escort may be proportional to the size of the train. The coming of the mule train forward at once is of the utmost importance and should not be delayed a moment. Do not omit to send a messenger back at once. Direct to Colonel Wattles at Fort Gibson.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

J. M. WILLIAMS,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

