
week, and parties from our lines are not permitted to enter the city, roving conclusively that the authorities are fully aroused to a sense of the danger surrounding them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major- General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, December 3, 1864.

PROVOST- MARSHAL PARISH OF ORLEANS:

I am instructed by Brigadier-General Sherman to call your attention to the number of refugees retained at what is termed the Refugees's Home Commercial Hotel). The only reason for issuing rations to refugees are these: First. Because it sometimes is the case that the refugees cannot be examined the day they arrive, and have to be retained for that purpose; but the cases should be very few that require detention fort that purpose more than one day. Second. There may be a few cases of absolute indigence; for instance, helpless women and children, who it would be charitable to allow to remain for a time for the want of proper accommodations elsewhere. As a general thing, however, this class can be supported by the Relief Commission, and should seek relief in that quarter. It is not intended to support these refugees with Government rations any further than herein suggested. The daily reports from the Home show 150 and upward from the 20th to the 30th of November, without any diminution of consequence during that time. It would be well to have these refugees examined as far as possible without putting them in the Home at all, and as soon as the oath is administered let them go their way. Those,if any, who refuse to take the oath, will be furnished with ratios until they an be returned from whence they came; but they should be confined in 54 Baronne street, and not be allowed the freedom of the city. Your strict attention is called to the general orders on this subject.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, December 3, 1864.

Lieutenant- Colonel SMITH,

Donaldsonville:

The general directs me to say to you that he does not want General Cameron's cavalry relieved until the Thirty- first Massachusetts is in working order. This is highly important,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., December 3, 1864.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: From information derived from spies, refugees, deserters, and scouting parties, the rebel citizens are moving south with their

48 R R- VOL XLI, PT IV

