HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Natchez, Miss., December 3, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward, for information of the major- general commanding, the following reports of a rebel deserter to Lieutenant George P. Lord, U. S. Navy, commanding U. S . steamer Chillicothe, off Fort Adams, December 2, 1864, furnished me through the kindness of Lieutenant Commander E. Y. McCauley, commanding Fourth and Fifth Districts. He reports that General Hodge has been relieved from command of this district and ordered to Jackson, Miss., being succeeded by Colonel Scott. The reported death of General Hood is confirmed by Southern papers; his disease, pneumonia. He also reports crossing to a great extent is continually going on at Jackson Point, twenty miles above Fort Adams.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Natchez, miss., December 3, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit herewith copies of correspondence under flag of truce respecting Lieutenant I. N. Earl, commanding scouts, who was severely wounded as reported to you in letter of the 30th ultimo. I also inclose copy of the report of the surgeons sent out with flag of truce. This is all the reliable information I can get concerning him, though from the feeling existing toward Lieutenant Earl, and the threats made against him if taken, as well as from some verbal reports that have reached me, I fear they are playing false regarding him and will not treat him with the respect due a prisoner of war. I shall make every endeavor to aid him, but as my cavalry is all at Vicksburg with General Dana I am cut off from any movement in force.

Respectfully, yours,&amp;c.,

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Natchez, Miss., November 30, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER CONFEDERATE FORCES,

Near Fayette, Miss.:

SIR; I learn this morning that Lieutenant Earl, commanding independent scouts, under special instructions of Major- General Canby, commanding Military Division of West Mississippi, was seriously wounded last night in passing through Fayette; that he was left at the residence of a surgeon who had not, however, the means of treating him as the nature of his wounds required,and that he now remains in a precarious condition, and doubtless a prisoner. I hereby dispatch Surg. A. E. Carothers,in charge of U. S general hospital, and Surg.

