
P. A. Willis, post surgeon of this command, attended by six men, under flag of truce, with such instruments and supplies as the condition of Lieutenant Earl may require. I have to request that these gentlemen be received in the usual manner and permitted to afford such surgical aid as may be needed. If able to be brought in, I request that Lieutenant Earl may be paroled; if not, and he remains a prisoner, that he may be treated with humanity and courtesy. The gentlemen whom I send have discretionary power, The wife of Lieutenant Earl will also accompany them, and I bespeak for her like courtesy.

Respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

FAYETTE, December 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General BRAYMAN:

SIR: Surg. A. E. Carothers and Surg. P. A. Willis arrived at this place this morning with flag of truce for the purpose of rendering Lieutenant Earl (who was wounded in this place on night before last) any medical assistance in their power. Lieutenant Earl was removed from this place yesterday to the hospital of this district, and it being contrary to usual custom to allow [sic] to enter the lines, I regret to say that I cannot allow them to visit him, but have assured them that the shall have every attention in my power to bestow, and have promised them to forward him immediately some medicines and delicacies left him by the surgeons. I will advise you of Lieutenant Earl's condition from time[to time], an in the event of his death will notify you of the fact. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. B. PADDOCK,

Lieutenant, Commanding Confederate Scouts.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, OFFICES, OFFICE OF POST SURGEON,Natchez, Miss., December 2, 1864.

Brigadier General M. BRAYMAN,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Natchez, Miss.:

GENERAL: We have the honor to report that in accordance with your order to proceed with flag of truce to Fayette, Miss., on the 30th of November, to obtain permission to see Lieutenant Earl, commanding special scouts, who was left wounded at that place the previous night, and render him such aid as his condition might require, and if possible secure his release on parole, we left Natchez, Miss., at 2 p. m. of November 30, accompanied by mrs, Earl in a carriage, and an escort of six men of Lieutenant Earl's command. We traveled as rapidly as the broken character of the road would permit until 5.30 p. m. without meeting any of the scouts or pickets of the enemy, when we were compelled to stop for the night, which we did at the house of Mr. Hoggett, where we were hospitably entertained. We left at daylight on the morning of December 1 and reached Fayette at 9.30 a. m. without meeting any pickets,a nd were met upon our entrance into the town by Lieutenant B. B. Paddock, commanding Confederate scouts, to whom we delivered your letter. He informed us that he had removed Lieutenant Earl to the district hospital, a distance of thirty miles in the interior, and that he could not permit us to pass through to see him, nor could

