HDQRS. DIST OF MINNESOTA, DEPT,. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., December 3, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Commanding Second Sub- District, Fort Ridgely, Minn.:

COLONEL: In reply to your dispatch of 30th ultimo, just received at these headquarters, General Sibley directs that you take such measures as you deem necessary to carry out his late instruction to warn all Indians who are stragglers from their reservation on the Missouri to remove without delay to the west of the James River,or failing to do so they will be forced by the military back to their reservation. In regard to persons found trading and otherwise encouraging these people to return to their old haunts in this State, you are authorized to use the necessary military force to remove them with their effects from the uninhabited portion of the country, and assure them in addition that if they are found within it hereafter they will be severely punished. If any liquor is found among the traders' goods it will be destroyed. By command of Brigadier- General Sibley:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. COMPANY M, SECOND MINNESOTA CAV. VOLS.,Princeton, Minn., December 3, 1864.

Captain JOHN G. TELFORD,

A. S. G., Dept. of the Northwest, Dist.of Minn., Saint Paul:

SIR: ; In response to your letter of the 30th ultimo, and in compliance with the order of the brigadier-general commanding contained therein, I have to state that at my arrival at this place I found some eight Chippewa lodges in the timbered bottom in the immediate vicinity of his village, occupied by about eighty Indians squaws and papooses included). As much as I can learn from the citizens of this place and from the farmers living in the neighborhood, none of them have ever, since they were encamped here, given any cause for complaint whatever to the whites. Some of them have left since, and the remaining party talk about leaving, but they are expecting to be paid here. Should matters of importance occur in future time at or about this station I will at once make reports of the same. All here seem to be a very quiet set of Indians. It seems that they have not been notified as to their payment,or, at least, so they say.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. HANLEY,

Captain Co. M, Second Regiment Cavalry Minnesota Volunteers.

DETACHMENT COMPANY M, SECOND MINNESOTA CAV.,

Chengwatona, December 3, 1864.

Captain JOHN G. TELFORD, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR; I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt for your letter of the 30th ultimo. There have been no Indians in this vicinity since my arrival at this post, consequently no trouble. Anything of an important nature transpiring in this vicinity concerning Indians will be promptly reported to district headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. S. GARDNER,

First Lieutenant Company M, Second Cavalry, Commanding Detachment.

