
up that stream to-day, and the troops were loading when your communication was received, but there being no immediate necessity for more troops up White River, and as your call seems to be of an urgent nature, I have determined to send the First Brigade of this division, Colonel B. Dornblaser commanding, numbering about 2,500 veteran soldiers, to your support, and I am confident that General Dennis will indorse what I have done. This will leave at this point one brigade of white and three regiments of colored troops, also one battery. One regiment of cavalry and one six-gun battery are expected up to-day, from which we can readily re-enforce either yourself of General Steele.

I have the honor to remain, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. E. KUHN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mouth of White River, Ark., October 18, 1864.

Brigadier General MORGAN L. SMITH,

Commanding District of Memphis:

GENERAL: Your communications to General Dennis were received by the hand of General Marcy at 6 this p. m. Although General Dennis has not yet returned, still after reading your communications and hearing his statement the course I should pursue was quickly determined, I therefore send you on steamer Bart Able three large regiments of veteran troops, numbering about 1,400 men. They will leave here at 8 o'clock to-night, Colonel J. J. Guppey, Twenty-third Wisconsin Infantry, commanding. We still have one good regiment of infantry (white), three colored regiments, and one battery artillery. Should you need them, by sending transportation, I will assume the responsibility of sending them. As soon as the emergency necessitating this call for troops has passed away, please order all the troops sent from here to return to this point, as a hurried call may be received from General Steele at any time. General Dennis will undoubtedly return to-night, and will without doubt at once proceed to Memphis.

Hoping the re-enforcements I have sent may reach you in time, I have the honor to be, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. E. KUHN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Captain Crane of the general's staff will deliver this.

SAINT LOUIS, October 18, 1864--12.15 p. m.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff, in the Field:

The following telegram received from provost-marshal at Rolla, dated October 17, 1864:

No information in regard to movements of Price. Will let you know as soon as I get any.

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Acting Provost-Marshal-General.

