
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

U. S. STEAMER TYLER,

Mouth of White River, December 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General McGINNIS,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Mouth of White River, Ark:

GENERAL; I have sent over an armed boat and arrested a boat sent by your provost- marshall to the other side of the river to certain parties displaying a flag of truce. I must request, general, that all boats sent by military authority outside of you lines, and under cover of my guns, shall be instructed to first report to this vessel.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDERICK S. HILL,

U. S. Navy, Commanding U. S. Steamer Tyler.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Mouth of White River, Ark., December 3, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

As the commanding officer of U. S. forces at this point, I claim the right to send boats, troops, and details to any point and on any business that may be deemed proper, and shall continue to do so. I do not understand by what authority or right the commanding officer of the Tyler requires or requests that my details should report to this vessel. Since taking command at this point, details have frequently crossed the river by my order to answer flags of truce, and the interruption this morning is the first that has occurred. The boat that crossed the river this morning was by my order. Several of the shots fired by your men struck very close to her and endangered the lives of my men. The firing upon my men was a gross outrage,and must not be repeated. My details will have orders not to report to your vessel. If by firing on them again any should be injured, the blood must be upon your head. My intercourse with the navy heretofore has been most friendly and agreeable, and I hope it may so continue. For the purpose of having a better understanding in this matter, will Captain Hill please call at these headquarters at 3 this p. m.!

Very respectfully,

G. F. McGINNIS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

U. S. STEAMER TYLER,

Mouth of White River, December 3, 1864.

Brigadier- General McGINNIS:

Commanding U. S. Forces, Mouth of White River:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of your reply to my communication of this morning. You must see, if you give the matter one moment's consideration, the manifest impropriety of boats being permitted to pass at will backward and forward across the Mississippi River into the enemy's lines. The fact of the men in the boat being soldiers gives me no assurance or possible knowledge of their going by competent authority, which fact I can only learn by their reporting first to my boat. You will acknowledge that your pickets will not even allow me to pass your lines without a pass from you, which I of course, acknowledge

