
as correct, and duly applied to you adjutant- general for a proper pass for my own use. The shots this morning were fired because you officer persisted in going when recalled by a blank shot from your vessel fired by my order, and under my personal supervision. With the most earnest desire to continue the cordial relations which have always existed at this post between the army and navy, I cannot permit boats to cross the river until they have first reported at this vessel, that I may know they have proper authority for so doing.

Very respectfully,

FREDERICK S. HILL,

U. S. Navy, Commanding U. S . Steamer Tyler.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION,NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS AND U. S. FORCES,

Mouth of White River, Ark., December 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In reply to your communication just received I would say that no person or persons belonging to my command are permitted to cross the Mississippi River at will. On the contrary, every person connected with this command crossing the river do so by my authority. I informed you in my first note that the boat that crossed this morning was by my orders, and thought it so plain as to be readily understood. No one of my command will be permitted to cross except by my authority. I state this emphatically, so that when you see a boat containing my troops crossing the river you may know by whose order it is being done. I am not aware of the existence of any authority giving the navy supreme control of the river. If I correctly understand your view of the matter, I could not cross the river myself without first reporting to you an asking permission to do so. In "persisting in going on," &amp;c., my officer persisted in obeying my orders. As we cannot always take the trouble of reporting to your vessel, I hope that the statement contained in this communication that I permit no person to cross the river at will, will be sufficient evidence to you that all parties crossing the river have proper authority for so doing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. F. McGINNIS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. DISTRICTS OF WEST TENNESSEE AND VICKSBURG,Vicksburg, Miss., December 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Mil. Div. of W. Miss., New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have just been shown by Brigadier General Morgan L. Smith a letter to him from Major General G. M. Dodge, dated Saint Louis, Mo., November 28, stating that he had arrived there en route to report to me, when he was stopped by the change in orders, and that he "expected to be ordered to Sherman as soon as he struck salt water," giving post- office box 2169 as address. It is indispensable that a good officer be placed in command of the District of West Tennessee. General Dodge made his reputation as an officer while commanding the District of Corinth and the Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, which comprised most of the present District of West Tennessee. He knows every foot of the country,is posted on the people,

