
and is the man for the place; besides, I have no officer competent for that command. I respectfully request that General Dodge may be peremptorily ordered to report to me forthwith at Memphis for assignment to command, and suggest that the major-general commanding secure such action in regard to General Dodge from the War Department as will enable his retention within the Military Division of West Mississippi, as offices of his ability are becoming scarce in the West.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARKANSAS CAVALRY,Springfield, Mo., December 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Planters' House, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: It is impossible for me to subsist my command by the way of Batesville, an should there be bad weather it will be equally impracticable to take train across the swamp. I will not succeed in getting my regiment mounted unless Captain Own gets authority to by more than 200 horses. It will take 300 or 350 to mount it, and unless it is mounted it will require a larger train to move the ordnance and ordnance stores of the command than Owen is willing to furnish. I am afraid if I go by Batesville quite a number of my men will desert. I have issued orders to the company commanders to make ready to move down the Mississippi and up the Arkansas River, The men seem tobe very much delighted with the idea. I think I will no have more than one or two to desert if the move is made by Rolla. If made otherwise I am fearful there will be quite a number. Lieutenant Morley says it will be impossible to go by Batesville on account of high water.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. PHELPS,

Colonel Second Arkansas Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

[Indorsement.]

SAINT LOUIS, MO., December 8, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Major- General Rosecrans, commanding department.

The within letter discloses objections and obstacles to the movement of the Second Arkansas Cavalry across the State of Arkansas to Memphis that did not suggest themselves to my mind, and I would recommend that the route be changed, and that the regiment move via Saint Louis and the river.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 205. New Orleans, La., December 5, 1864.

1. Brigadier General George F. McGinnis, U. S. Volunteers,is hereby relieved from duty with the Reserve Corps, Military Division of West Mississippi, and will report for orders to Major General J. J. Reynolds, commanding Department of Arkansas.

