
2. Brigadier General C. C. Andrews, U. S. Volunteers,is hereby relieved from duty in the Department of Arkansas, and will proceed to Morganza, La., for the purpose of assuming command of the Third Brigade of the Reserve Corps, Military Division of West Mississippi.

3. Brigadier General A. Shaler, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty with the Reserve Corps of the Military Division of West Mississippi, and will report for orders to Major General J. J. Reynolds, commanding Department of Arkansas.

4. The following troops are hereby transferred from the Reserve Corps of the Military Division of West Mississippi to the Department of Arkansas, and will report for orders to Major General J. J. Reynolds, commanding; Eighty- seventh Illinois Mounted Infantry, now at White River, Ark.; detachment First Kansas Mounted Infantry, now at White River, Ark.; First Delaware Battery Light Artillery, now at Morganza, La. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

5. The following troops are hereby transferred from the Reserve Corps of the Military Division of West Mississippi to the Department of the Gulf, and will report for orders to Major General S. A. Hurlbut, commanding: Nineteenth Kentucky Infantry, now at Baton Rouge, La; Seventy- seventh Illinois Infantry, now at New Orleans, La; One hundred and thirtieth Illinois Infantry, now at New Orleans, La; First Louisiana Infantry, now at Memphis, Tenn., whence it will proceed without delay to Donaldsonville, La. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

6. The following organization of the Reserve Corps of the Military Division of West Mississippi is hereby announced:

A- Infantry: First Brigade, Brigadier General M. K. Lawler commanding: Twenty- eight Illinois Volunteers Twenty- ninth Illinois Volunteers, Ninety- ninth Illinois Volunteers, Forty- seventh Indiana Volunteers, Twenty- first Iowa Volunteers, Twenty- ninth Wisconsin Volunteers, Twenty- third Wisconsin Volunteers. Third Brigade, Brigadier General C. C. Andrews commanding: Ninety- seventh Indiana Volunteers, Sixty- ninth Indiana Volunteers, Thirty- fourth Iowa Volunteers, Thirty- eighth volunteers, One hundred and fourteenth Ohio Volunteers. Fourth Brigade, Colonel McE. Dye commanding: Thirty- seventh Illinois Volunteers, Twentieth Iowa Volunteers, Twenty- third Iowa Volunteers, One hundred and sixty- first New York Volunteers, Ninety- sixth Ohio Volunteers, Thirty- fifth Wisconsin Volunteers. The headquarters of these brigades are in the field, and commanders will hold their troops in readiness to move at any moment and in any direction required. Until a permanent commander is assigned the commanding officer of each brigade will report direct to and receive orders from these headquarters. The brigade staff will consist of and is limited to one assistant adjutant- general (a captain), one assistant quartermaster (a captain), one commissary of subsistence (a captain), one acting assistant inspector- general (a field officer), personal aides- de- non- commissioned officer and nine privates. All detached officers and men will at once join their regiments, and the necessary details for brigade headquarters, except personal aides, will be made from the brigade.

