
B- Cavalry: First Louisiana Volunteers, Second New York [Veteran] Volunteers, First Texas Volunteers. The commanding officer of each regiment will for the present report directly to and receive orders from the chief of cavalry of the division.

C- Artillery; Second Connecticut Battery Light Artillery, Second Massachusetts Battery Light Artillery, Fourth Massachusetts Battery Light Artillery, Seventh Massachusetts Battery Light Artillery, Fifteenth Massachusetts Battery Light Artillery, Twenty- first New York Battery Light Artillery, Twenty- sixth New York Battery Light Artillery, First Indiana Battery Light Artillery, First Indiana, Company G, Heavy Artillery, Seventeenth Ohio Battery Light artillery. The commanding officer of each battery will for the present report directly to and receive orders from the chief of artillery and ordnance of the division.

7. The One hundred and sixty- first New York Volunteers is hereby relieved from duty at Memphis, Tenn., and will proceed tot he mouth of White River, reporting to the commanding officer Fourth Brigade, Reserve Corps, Military Division of West Mississippi. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

8. Upon the arrival of the First Louisiana Volunteer Infantry at Donaldsonville, La., the Thirty- eighth Iowa Volunteers will be relieved from duty there, and will proceed to Morganza, La., and will report to the commanding officer, Third Brigade, Reserve Corps, Military Division of West Mississippi, with the ultimate view of its consolidation with the Thirty- fourth Iowa Volunteers.

9. The Eighty- third Ohio Volunteers, now on its way from the White River to Morganza, will, upon arrival at the later place, report to the commanding officer of the Third Brigade, Reserve Corps, Military Division of West Mississippi, and will then proceed without disembarking to Natchez, Miss., with a view of its ultimate consolidation with the Forty- eighth Ohio Volunteers. Both regiments will remain at Natchez until further orders.

10./ During the absence and disability to command of Lieutenant I. N. Earl, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry, Lieutenant Warren P. Knowles, Company G, Forth Wisconsin Cavalry, is assigned to the command of the "special scouting party," organized under authority of instructions from these headquarters of June 6 and July 15, 1864. Lieutenant Knowles is charged with the same duties which were intrusted to Lieutenant Earl, and in like manner with the corresponding responsibility and authority, and commanding officers and officers of the staff departments will furnish him all necessary facilities accordingly. Any unfinished business requiring Lieutenant Earl's signature, may be settled by Lieutenant Knowles, who is authorized to sign in his name. By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., December 5, 1864.

Lieutenant WARREN P. KNOWLES,

Company G, Fourth Wisconsin Vol. Cava., Baton Rouge:

SIR: I am directed by the major- general commanding to inclose herewith copy of special order* assigning you to the command of the "special

---------------

*See paragraph 10, next, ante.

---------------

