HEADQUARTERS,Hannibal, Mo., December 5, 1864.

Lieutenant W. T. CLARKE,

Aide- de- Camp, &amp;c., Macon City:

LIEUTENANT: I desire to state for the information of the general commanding that the vigor displayed by Captain Lennon and Captain Thatcher while in that county seems to have left Ralls County quiet, and with a small force at hand in case of need I think nothing need be feared for the winter. Captain Poe stationed here is ample force if he had a few horses,a nd I do not see how he is to do the duty that will be required of him unless he has them. I propose to say to the men of Ralls County, furnish Captain Poe twenty- five horses and saddles and your militia can then be relieved. We now have there fifty mounted men in New London, who have scoured the county well, as I can learn. Of a marauding band of six I learn 4 were killed, 1 captured (Fagan, now with you), and 1 only at large. Before making this order I desire the approval of the general.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. T. K. HAYWARD,

Colonel, Commanding.

JUNCTION CITY, KANS., December 5, 1864.

Major B. S. HENNING,

Commanding District of Upper Arkansas:

DEAR SIR; I have been on our western border more or less during the past tow months, and wish to make some suggestions in regard to the Indian difficulties. From some cause the Indians have lost all fear or perhaps respect for our troops. They regard them quite differently from what they did a few years ago. They have a very high opinion of their own fighting qualities, and regard themselves as the victors. All the indications are that they intend to continue the war, and that they are becoming more bold and systematic in their attacks and movements. It is very evident that if they are permitted to continue their depredations during the winter without a proper chastisement, that they will become bolder and more determined in their hostilities, and that the commerce of the plains and our exposed settlements will be in much greater danger next spring than they ever have been. The withdrawal of their supplies makes it a necessity for them to continue the war or to ask for a treaty of peace. There is no probability of their doing the latter while they regard themselves as the victors. Nothing short of the most severe punishment will bring them to terms. Now is the best time to wage a successful war against them, and a large force should be sent out at once, with orders to show them no quarter, until they are most severely chastised. We are dealing with savages, and we must adopt their mode of warfare, and, if possible, exceed them in cruel and barbarous treatment. Nothing short of this will secure a permanent peace. Some parties who are actuated more by immediate personal gain than the public good may prefer a "patched- up" peace; but it is clearly to the interest of Kansas, of the west generally, and to the Government, to fight them until they are completely subdued and taught a lesson they will not soon forget. I have been expecting that an expedition would be sent against them, and am surprised that it has been so long delayed. Now that Kansas is comparatively safe from rebel incursions from the east and south the troops in Kansas could not be used to better

