
by Major Wynkoop induced others, as you perceive, to follow the example. Major Anthony is there now in command, and promises greater caution. Nothing is heard from the Kiowas except what I get from General Carleton, who has sent Colonel Carson east from Santa Fe, where he understood they had fled from my movements in July last. He locates their lodges about 200 miles south of Fort Zarah (the mouth of Walnut Creek); says they went down the old trail leading south from the confluence of Arkansas and Walnut, which you will see laid down on the topographical map of that region. Whether the hostile bands still operating on the lines of travel and trade belong to these seems now uncertain, but I think all the confederate tribes furnish a portion; or, more properly speaking, these war parties are emanations from all of these. I have started the Second Colorado to Fort Riley, where I intend to have them ready for a farther advance if I am supported by accessions of force such as I consider necessary. The rebels below have demonstrated against trains which I recently sent to save the garrison at Fort Gibson and Fort Smith, outside of my department, from starvation; and I have had to re- enforce the escort to prevent Steele's troops and supplies being carried off from their destination. This embarrasses and cripples my new designs to operate on the plains, but will not prevent me from doing something. I write knowing you are anxious about matters, and wish to act in Washington with full understanding of matters. At last accounts Chivington was near Fort Lyon trying to find the Indians that attacked the train. I suppose he has the 100- days' men with him.

Respectfully, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major- General.

TUBAC, ARIZ. TERR., December 5, 1864.

Captain B. C. CUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.;

SIR: I have the honor to report that ont he night of the 3rd instant I received information from my vedette station at Calabazas that an armed force, calling themselves Mexican dragoons, had encamped about two miles from Calabazas. I immediately forwarded to the commanding officer of said men the letter inclosed, marked Numbers 1. Next day I received the communication marked Numbers 2, and forwarded the answer marked Numbers 3. I then proceeded with a strong escort to Calabazas and found there the communication marked Numbers 34, to which I sent the answer Numbers 5. This failed to reach them, they having left for, I suppose, Sonora. My express followed them for three or four miles, but failed to overtake them. I also inclose copy of pass sent with communication Numbers 2. As these armed men did not pretend to be in pursuit of hostile Indians, I considered it my duty to prevent the presence of any foreign armed force on American soil, unless they could show an order permitting them to be there from my commanding officer. I have also to report that I am informed by Messrs. Hayden and Ochoa that fifty or sixty Americans, supposed to be from the rebel States, are organized, armed, and encamped at Los Alisas, distant from the line thirty miles. I am informed by the same parties that these men offered their services to the prefect of the district of San Ignacio, State of Sonora, and were accepted, for what purpose I do not know. I have been informed by reliable persons that their intentions are to plunder

