
are; by whose authority, order, or permission, you have entered upon U. S. territory with an armed force. Any and all communications with me upon this subject must be in writing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN L. MERRIAM,

Captain, First California Cavalry, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Numbers 2.

CAMP AT THE POTRERO,

December 4, 1864.

Captain J. L. MERRIAM,

First California Cavalry, Commanding Officer at Tubac:

SIR: I have in my possession your very attentive communication dated the 3rd instant, requesting to explain to you my intentions on entering with an armed force and without permission upon the U. S. territory. Informed that I would find at Calabazas the first military point, I sent two of my men before crossing the line requesting permission to pass onto your post. By the document I respectfully inclose to you, I hope my mission to you is of a diplomatic character, and will be fully explained to you. Permit me to proceed or have the kindness to come to this place. Remaining at this place and expecting your permission to pass.

I most respectfully have the honor to subscribe, your obedient servant,

FRED. A. ROMSTEDT,

Lieutenant Colonel Commanding, Mexican Army.

[Sub- inclosure.]

Mexican Republic, government and military command of the State of Sonora; Ignacio Pesqueira, Constitutional Governor of the State of Sonora.

Citizen Lieutenant Colonel Frederick A. Romstedt passes to the Territory of Arizona (United States) with an important commission of the public service of this State.

Wherefore, it is particularly recommended that the authorities upon his route lend the said citizen lieutenant-colonel all the assistance that he amy ask of them and even armed force, the better to insure the success of the important commission with which he is intrusted.

I. PESQUEIRA,

PEDRO G. TATO,

Secretary.

URES, November 26, 1864.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

Numbers 3.
HEADQUARTERS,Tubac, Ariz. Terr., December 4, 1864.

TO THE OFFICER COMMANDING AN ARMED FORCE

NEAR CALABAZAS, ARIZ. TERR.:

SIR: I would respectfully refer you to my letter of the 3rd instant in which I stated that all communications that pass between us must be in writing. Your communication which I now have in my possession

