SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 206. New Orleans, La., December 6, 1864.

* * * * * *

3. The Sixty- seventh Indiana and the Ninety- seventh Illinois Volunteers, now at Baton Rouge, La., are hereby temporarily transferred to the District of West Florida and South Alabama, and will, upon arrival at Mobile Bay, report to Major General Gordon Granger, commanding. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN

Lieutenant- Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. MIL, DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., December 6, 1864.

Under the authority granted by the President, Major General J. J. Reynolds, commanding the Department of Arkansas, is hereby empowered to issue such orders outside the limits of his own command and inside the limits of this military division as he may deem for the interests of the limits of this military division as he may deem for the interests of the service. Until a permanent commander of the Reserve Corps is assigned, you will please forward to Major-General Reynolds, care of the naval officer at the mouth of White River, copies of all important dispatches transmitted to these headquarters and strictly comply with any orders that he may think necessary to give. In special cases of emergency,m and when the same will not conflict with orders from these headquarters or from major-General Reynolds, you are authorized to furnish any assistance to the commanders of the posts themselves, and in no case committing yourself to operations that might interfere with the object of keeping you command n constant readiness to embark at a moment's notice whenever and wherever required. Transportation, with necessary supplies on board, must be held in readiness at all times, so that no delays shall occur for want of foresight in this regard.

By order of Major G en. E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

To commanding officers of brigades of infantry, regiments of cavalry, and batteries of artillery in the Reserve Corps of the Military Division of West Mississippi.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, December 6, 1864.

Major G en. N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of Louisiana:

GENERAL: At you request, on the 28th day of November leave was given you by this Department to write directly to the President on

