
bushwhackers in that region and bringing in beef cattle. In returning the scout will follow up the Arkansas River. A squad of bushwhackers, numbering about twenty- five, fired into the boats going down the Arkansas River when near Arkansas Post, and there is said to be some squads of bushwhackers between the Bayou Metoe and the Arkansas.

SAMUEL E. GRAVES,

Captain Twelfth Michigan Infty. Vet. Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

LEWISBURG, ARK., December 6, 1864.

(Received 10.45 a. m.)

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

One of Well's captains has sent in propositions to surrender and bring in as many of his men as he can influence, provided he be permitted to lay down his arms and remain at home or in our lines at Little Rock. I have sent him word that if permitted by general commanding district I would permit him to take the oath, go North to remain until the war is over. Will your please send me instructions in case he accepts the offer. I have about half his company in the guard- house.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., December 6, 1864.

Colonel A. H. RYAN,

Commanding Post of Lewisburg, Ark:

All deserters from the rebel army under the rank of colonel have to be examined by the provost- marshal of the post or division, &amp;c., and after examination if it appears that they intend forever deserting the rebel cause they will be required to take the amnesty oath, after which they will be furnished with transportation north as far as Cairo, or, if they choose, may be employed in the quartermaster's department. No deserters from the rebel army will be forced to serve in the Federal Army.

By command of Brig General E. A. Carr;

S. E. GRAVES,

Captain, Twelfth Michigan Infty. Vet. Vols., A. A. A. G.

LEWISBURG, December 6, 1864- 7 p. m.

(Received 8th)

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

A scout is reported to be on the Fourche on Sunday, claimed to be Federals come from direction of boats down the river. Have you sent any in that direction! Dobbin's and portions of McCray's force, about 900 strong,is reported to have been yesterday on the road from Clinton going toward Dover. Major Childress was to have been in Russellville last evening.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

