
and destitute soldiers of Missouri. The construction placed upon the regulations of the Treasury Department, by one at least, of the purchasing agents in this command, will, in sixty days, undo all that has been done by the law of July 2, and enable the rebel authorities to arm, equip, and clothe the armies, that can not much longer be kept together without aid from us. I make these statements in order to convey to you my own opinion of our actual condition of the embarrassment under which all military operations must be conducted, and to express the hope that if the future operations of the troops in to his command should fail to meet you expectations that you will consider the circumstances by which their usefulness and efficiency were impaired. I do not doubt that many of the persons engaged in the purchase of products of the insurrectionary district are loyal and honorable men, but I do know the many of the intermediary agents employed are either rebels or unprincipled men, or actuated only by the instinct of gain; but the license allowed to the first class gives countenance and opportunity to a far more numerous class who follow in the track of the army, traffic in its blood, and betray the cause for which it is fighting with all the baseness of Judas Iscariot, and without his remorse.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major- General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 80. new Orleans, La., December 7, 1864.

EXECUTIVE ORDER.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, September 24, 1864.

I. Congress having authorized the purchase for the United States of the products of States declared in insurrection, and the Secretary of the Treasury having designated New Orleans, Memphis, Nashville, Pensacola, Port Royal, Beaufort, S. C. and Norfolk as places of purchase, and with my approval appointed agents and made regulations under which said products may be purchased: Therefore,

II. All persons except such as may be in the civil, military, or naval service of the Government, having in their possession any products of States or parts of States declared in insurrection, which said agents are authorized to purchase, and all persons owning or controlling such products therein are authorized to convey such products to either of the places which have been hereby or may hereafter be designated as places of purchase, and such products so destined shall not be liable to detention, seizure, or forfeiture while in transitu, or in store awaiting transportation.

III. Any person having the certificate of a purchasing agent as prescribed by Treasury Regulations VIII is authorized to pass, with the necessary means of transportation, to the points named in said certificate, and to return therefrom with the products required for the fulfillment of the stipulations set forth in said certificate.

IV. Any person having sold and delivered to a purchasing agent any products of an insurrectionary State, in accordance with the regulations thereto, and having in his possession a certificate setting forth the fact of such purchase and sale, the character and quantity of products, and the aggregate amount paid therefor as prescribed by Regulations IX, shall be permitted by the military authority commanding at the place of sale to purchase from any authorized dealer at such place merchandise and other articles not contraband of war nor prohibited by order of the War Department, nor coin, bullion, or foreign exchange, to an amount not exceeding in the agent purchasing, and the merchandise and other articles so purchased may be transported by the same route, and to the same place, from and by which the products sold and delivered reached the purchasing agent, as set forth in the certificate, and such merchandise and other articles shall have safe conduct, and shall not be subject to detention, seizure, or forfeiture while being transported to the places and by the route set forth in the said certificate.

