
V. Generals commanding military districts and commandants of military posts and detachments and officers commanding fleets, flotillas, and gun- boats, will give safe conduct to persons and products, merchandise, and other articles duly authorized, as aforesaid, and not contraband of war, or prohibited by order of the War Department, or of the orders of such generals commanding, or other duly authorized military or naval officers made in pursuance hereof, and all persons hindering or preventing such safe conduct of persons or property will be deemed guilty of a military offense and punished accordingly.

VI. Any person transporting or attempting to transport any merchandise or other articles, except in pursuance of regulations of the Secretary of the Treasury, dated July 29, 1864, or in pursuance of this order, or transporting or attempting to transport any merchandise or other articles contraband of war, or forbidden by any order of the War Department, will be deemed guilty of a military offense and punished accordingly, and all products of insurrectionary States found in transit to any other person or place than a purchasing agent and designated place of purchase, shall be seized and forfeited to the United States, except such as may be moving to a loyal State under duly authorized permits of a proper officer of the Treasury Department, as prescribed by Regulations XXXVIII, concerning commercial intercourse, dated July 29, 1864, or such as may have been found abandoned or have been captured, and are moving in pursuance of the act of march 12, 1864.

VII. No military or naval officer of te United States, or persons in the military or naval service, nor any civil officer, except such as are appointed for that purpose, shall engage in trade or traffic in the products of the insurrectionary States, or furnish transportation therefor, under pain of being deemed guilty of unlawful trading with the enemy, and punished accordingly.

VIII. The Secretary of War will make such general orders or regulations as will insure the proper observance and execution of this order, and the Secretary of the Navy will give instruction to officers commanding fleets, flotillas, and gun- boats in conformity therewith.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT- GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 285. Washington, October 6, 1864.

First. The attention of officers and soldiers of the Army of the United States, whether volunteer or regular, is directed to the executive order, dated September 24, 1864, and they will in all respects observe the same; and the commanders of all military departments, district, posts, and detachments will, upon receipt of this order, revoke all other orders within their respective commands conflicting or inconsistent therewith, and will make such orders as will insure the strict observance of this order throughout their respective commands.

Second. All commanders of military departments, districts, posts, and detachments will render such aid to the officers and agents of the Treasury Department in carrying out the provisions of the said order and the Treasury regulations therein referred to as can be given without injury or prejudice to the military service.

Third. Officers of the Quartermaster's Department, upon the written application of the duly authorized agents of the Treasury Department, or of persons authorized by them, may furnish transportation by land or water for collecting and forwarding to market articles of produce within the insurrectionary States specified within the aforesaid order, upon such reasonable terms as may be prescribed by the Quartermaster- General, when the same can be done without prejudice to the military service, and not otherwise. The application for transportation must be first approved by the commander of the department, district, post, or detachment wherein the articles are received.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The foregoing Executive order of September 24, and War Department General Orders, Numbers 285, or October 6, 1864, in relation to the purchase of products of insurrectionary districts, under the authority of the eighth section of the act of Congress approved July 2, 1864, and the following orders, to insure strict observance of te aforesaid Executive and War Department orders, are published for the information and government of the officers and soldiers of this command:

1. The commander of the Department of the Gulf and the commander of the Department of the Mississippi will grant safe- conducts

