
PILOT KNOB, MO., October 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

Fagan's division had four brigades, under Generals Cabell and McCray and Colonels Dobbin and Slemons. Cabell's brigade had the following regiments: Morgan's, 500; Monroe's, 500; Hill's, 500; Gordon's, 500; Gunter's battalion, 200; Harrell's battalion, 200; Witherspoon's battalion, 200; Hughey's battery, five 6-pounders and one 12-pounder howitzer. In McCray's brigade were the following regiments: Coleman's, Crandall's, Reves', Baber's, and Anderson's battalion; no battery. In Slemons' were the following regiments: Crawford's, Wright's, and Second Arkansas, and Gentry's battery, two guns. In Dobbin's brigade were McGhee's battalion and Zimmerman's battery, two guns, one 6 and one 12-pounder. Marmaduke's division had two brigades, under General J. B. Clark and Colonel Freeman. Clark's brigade has the following regiments: Kitchen's, Greene's, Burbridge's, Lawther's, Jeffers', Wood's, and Slayback's battalion and Pratt's and Harris' batteries. I cannot learn anything of Freeman's brigade or Shelby's or Cooper's divisions. Fagan's adjutant-general is here wounded, but will give no information. It was Cabell's brigade, Fagan's division, and Clark's brigade, of Marmaduke's division, with Hughey's and Pratt's batteries, that did most of the fighting here. I placed Major Montgomery in command of the post here when I started to Fredericktown. I don't see the necessity of my staying here. I have no baggage here and would like to go to Saint Louis for it, if I am to remain here. I want to go to Kansas City the 1st of November and sooner if Price should get in there. Telegraph posts are being set to Fredericktown to-day, and as soon as we get the wire and insulators on the way the line will be put up.

H. H. WILLIAMS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

PILOT KNOB, MO., October 18, 1864.

General EWING:

I have started twenty-six prisoners for Saint Louis. We need some infantry here to garrison the fort and guard the prisoners. Cannot Dinger's company be sent here?

H. H. WILLIAMS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

WASHINGTON, MO., October 18, 1864.

General EWING:

Colonel Klinge came here on his way to Saint Louis; reports Anderson moving northeast toward Warrenton with 400 men [and] two pieces of artillery. Have sent Klinge back.

E. C. PIKE,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 18, 1864--1.30 a. m.

Major General A. J. SMITH, La Mine Bridge:

Better leave Mower's command at the bridge until it all arrives and is ready. Let them fortify and push forward the repairs of bridge. Everything will be pushed forward. Unload trains promptly and send back cars as soon as possible. We will be with you soon.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

