
of the products sold and delivered, as certified by the purchasing agents of the Treasury Department (From Numbers 2), limiting the supplies to such as are not contraband of war or prohibited by the orders of the President, the Secretary of War, or the commanding general of the division (as hereinafter specified), and to the place for which and the route by which the products are brought in. The value of the supplies will be determined by the market price at the place of sale, and any attempt to evade this regulation by fraudulent invoices or by taking out articles that are not permitted will work the forfeiture of the whole.

8. Whenever any boats, wagons, horses, mules, or any other means of transportation, of whatsoever name or nature, employed in bringing in products or taking out supplies, are going beyond the lines of military occupation the persons having permits or safe- conducts for the said products or supplies will give bonds to the full amount of the value of such means of transportation that no part thereof shall be sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of within the enemy's lines, and any violation of this order will not only involve the forfeiture of the bond but subject the offender to criminal prosection for unlawful trading with the enemy.

9. The commanding general s at Memphis, Tenn, and New Orleans, La., will establish an office in connection with that of the purchasing agent of the Treasury Department for the purpose of granting and registering the permits and safe- conducts authorized by this order, both for the introduction of products and exportation of supplies. This registry will embrace the name of the party to whom the permit is given, the names of his employees, the place from which and the route by which the products are to be transported, the quantity and character of the products, the quantity and character of the transportation to be used in conveying it to its destination, nd the quantity and character of the supplies permitted to be sent out.

10. Commanders of departments, districts, posts, and detachments, will give all the necessary aid to the agents of the Treasury Department, as required by paragraph 1, General Orders, Numbers 285, dated War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, October 6, 1864, but this authority will not be construed as permitting the employment of troops beyond the lines of actual occupation, nor for any other than military purposes, and whenever troops are operating in the enemy's country the commander will not allow himself to be embarrassed by the presence of any persons to whom permits or safe- conducts have been give, or of the means of transportation employed by them in the transfer of their products or supplies.

11. Railroads, land and water transportation, in the possession or under the control of the army, will not be used for the purpose of transporting these products or supplies whenever it will interfere with the transportation of troops or army supplies; nor will the transportation, which, under existing orders, has been reserved or may be necessary for the movement of troops, be diverted from that object under any pretense whatever; nor will any such transportation be sent beyond the lines of actual occupation, or to any point where it may be in danger of capture by the enemy.

12. Under existing laws and regulations no commerce in products of insurrectionary districts is lawful, except as provided in articles 22 and 38 of the regulations of the Treasury Department of July 29, 1864, or under the permits given by the purchasing agents of that Department, under the Executive order and the regulations of the Treasury Department of September 24, 1864; and no intercourse beyond the lines

