
cotton- gins, cotton and wool cards, and the machinery used in preparing, spinning, and weaving cotton and wool; gold and silver coin and bullion, foreign exchange, and all notes, bonds, bills, letters of credit, or other funds, or substitute for funds, except the currency of the United Stats as prescribed. Provisions and forage are contraband of war, when applied directly to the use of the enemy's troops, and the commanding generals at Memphis and New Orleans will limit the supply of these articles to the wants of the non- combatants for the districts to which te supplies are to be sent, nd will prohibit them altogether whenever they have reason to believe that they are designed for or will be converted to the use of the rebel troops.

21. All orders and regulations issued from these or other headquarters, within the limits of this command, which are inconsistent with the Executive order and the trade regulations of September 24, 1864, are hereby revoked.

22. If other points within the limits of this command should hereafter be designated as "markets or places of purchase" in conformity with Executive order and Treasury regulations of September 24, 1864, the commanding generals at those points are hereby charged with the same duties and invested with the same authority as this order confers upon the commanding generals of the Department of the Gulf and the Department of Mississippi.*

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New orleans, La., December 7, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Mil. Div. of W. Miss., New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you consideration a statement of the information received at this office this 7th day of December, 1864, from the following source, a report from Lieutenant E. P. Sargent, aide- de- camp, headquarters District of the Frontier, Fort Smith, Ark., November 11, 1864:

Estimate of rebel troops in the District of the Indian Territory, comprising the country directly west of Arkansas and north of Red River: Major General S. B. Maxey is commander- in- chief, with headquarters at Doaksville, C. N. The troops, in one division, ar under the immediate command of Brigadier Ge. Douglas H. Cooper, with headquarters at or near Perryville, C. N. The division is composed of two brigades. Brigadier General R. M. Gano's brigade is composed of Gurley's Twenty- eighth [Thirtieth] Texas Cavalry, estimated at 600; Martin's Thirty- first Texas Cavalry [Fifth Texas Partisan Rangers], 700; Hardeman's Thirtieth [Thirty- first] Texas Cavalry, 500; Good's battalion, 300; De Morse's Twenty- ninth Texas Cavalry, 400; Duff's, 400; Burnet's battalion of sharpshooters, 300; Wells' battalion of sharpshooters, 300; Wells' battalion Texas Cavalry, 250; Howell's battery, six pieces (two 12- pounders and four 6- pounders), 100. Brigadier General Stand Watie's brigade is composed of two regiments Choctaws, 1,200; two regiments Cherokees, 1,200; two regiments Chickasaws, 1,200; Lieutenant Colonel Jack McCurtain's battalion Choctaws, 450; two 12- pounder

---------------

*Forms of permits and certificates of purchase, &amp;c., accompanying this order are here omitted.

---------------

