
Illinois, will proceed without delay by boat to Nashville, Tenn., reporting for orders to the commanding officer at that post. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * * * *

7. Paragraph 1 of Special orders, Numbers 323, current series, from these headquarters, assigning Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, jr., to the command of the Rolla District of this department, is hereby revoked, and General Ewing will at once resume command of the Saint Louis District, relieving Major General A. Pleasonton, U. S . Volunteers, assigned to the command temporarily. Upon being relieved General Pleasonton will resume his duties as second in command of the department.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major- General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STURGEON, December 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

I arrived here last night. Could not come up with rebels again. Lost one horse; broke down from had riding. Colonel Perkins is in with Anderson. There were nine citizens with me. They fought like drilled soldiers. The only difficulty was with the green horses; they would not stand our own fire. We whipped them handsomely. The only injury we sustained was the wounding of one of our horses.

J. W. BRADLEY,

Lieutenant, Third Missouri State Militia.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., December 7, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas:

MAJOR: I have the honor to suggest tot he general commanding the propriety of directing Major Anthony, in command of Fort Lyon, to arrest and send to this post or Fort Leavenworth Left Hand, Little Rave, Storms, Nervah, and Knock Knee, and other influential members of the Arapahoe Indians, now fed as prisoners at that post. Such hostages might result in keeping that tribe quiet, but as it is at present the Government is feeding all the old men, women, and children, while the young men are on the warpath, killing and destroying every opportunity. Major Anthony reports that he has disarmed them, but it is unofficially reported that only a few arms were given up, and also that the horses returned are broken down and worthless. There is no doubt but that the different tribes are making every preparation for a vigorous prosecution of hostilities in the spring, and have adopted a system of action, the most important of which is to cripple the Government by stealing an destroying all the horses and mules possible, so as to prevent the rapid movement of troops. Most of the leading chiefs of the different tribes have been to Washington, some as late as the summer of 1863, and are as fully posted in regard to the strength of the Government as it is possible for them to be; but for all that, they began these hostilities without provocation nd solely because they expected to be benefitted. There is no doubt but that they are influenced

