
by secession sympathizers, not placed among them for that purpose, but nevertheless are quite as dangerous. George Bent, a son of old Bent by a Cheyenne woman, was educated in the East, and at the time of the breaking out of the war was engage in farming in Missouri, but left there and is now foremost in leading those wild tribes in their depredations. He is a noted rebel and ought to have been killed long ago. If the general commanding will direct Major Anthony to arrest the Indians above mentioned we can soon tell if they are in reality desirous of peace, but it is my opinion that they will refuse to give up their chiefs, and in that case it will lead to driving them from the post and relieve the Government from feeding them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. HENNING,

Major Third Wisconsin Cavalry, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, December 7, 1864.

Governor JOHN EVANS:

(Care of National Hotel, Washington, D. C.)

Had fight with Cheyennes forty miles north of Lyon. I lost 9 killed and 38 wounded. killed 500 Indians; destroyed 130 lodges; took 500 mules and ponies. marched 300 miles in ten days; snow two feet deep for 100 miles. Am still after them.

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel, Commanding Dist. of Colorado and First Indian Expedition.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Terr., December 7, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Julesburg, Colo. Terr.:

Colonel Chivington had a big fight with Cheyennes, November 29, forty miles north of Fort Lyon. Killed about 500, and captured as many ponies. There were 130 lodges;a bout 1,000 warriors. Pursuit is being kept up. They are coming toward the Platte. Our loss is 9 killed and 38 wounded.

CHARLES WHEELER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 8, 1864- 1.20 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

Last returns from Department of Missouri exhibit a force present for duty (exclusive of A. J. Smith's forces) of about 19,000 men, of which about 6,000 were in and around Saint Louis Requisitions have just been received for $20,000, to construct new barracks for the accommodation of troops in Saint Louis. From all the information I can get, Saint Louis is in no more danger of an insurrection than Chicago, Philadelphia, or New York, and that troops are required there only for the defense of the public stores and for prison guards. Moreover, that

