
(Colonel Jennison's conduct in Washington and Benton Counties on his return march) and forward to me with as little delay as possible. The testimony should be in the form of affidavits and the loyalty of te witnesses certified to.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT of the MISSISSIPPI,Memphis, December 8, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch of December 6 received this morning. Only four nominal regiments of cavalry, say, 1,000 effective men, remain at Memphis; but stock in poor condition from long, hard service and want of hay. I have ordered up four regiments from Vicksburg, say, 1,500 effective men, who have just returned from a successful raid on the Mississippi Central Railroad, destroying the bridge over the Big Black, near Canton, Miss, and a large amount of army stores. The cavalry from Vicksburg will arrive in five or six days, and every effort will be made to accomplish your orders. I can operate successfully against the enemy's communications if I have the cavalry. The Fourth Iowa, Third Iowa, and Tenth Missouri Cavalry are moving from missouri to join General Thomas in Middle Tennessee. These regiments belong to this command. An order will reach them if telegraphed immediately to Colonel Winslow, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, at Cairo, Ill, who awaits your orders and authority to bring the cavalry to Memphis. One- half of these regiments, in detachments, are already at Memphis, with all camp and garrison equipage.

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 8, 1864.

Major- General DODGE, Saint Louis:

Send all the troops you can spare to General Thomas by such route as you may deem best. They can be returned to you when required. Think 5,000 men can be spared from Missouri.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[DECEMBER 8, 1864.- For Rosecrans' congratulatory orders on the expedition against Price, see Part I, p. 317.]

SAINT LOUIS, December 8, 1864.

Major- General ROSECRANS, Commanding Department of the Missouri:

I have just received the following dispatch:

[EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, D. C., December 7, 1864.]

Governor HALL, Jefferson City, Mo.:

Complaint is made to me of the doings of a man at Hannibal, Mo., by the name of Hayward, who, as I ma told, has charge of some militia force and is not in the U. S. service. Please inquire into the matter and correct anything you may find amiss. if in you power.

A. LINCOLN.

WILLARD P. HALL,

Governor of Missouri.

(Copy to General C. B. Fisk.)

