
JEFFERSON CITY, October 18, 1864--2.30 a. m.

Major-General SMITH:

Last dispatch only confirms previous impressions and will make no change in orders already given. The general does not think it necessary for Sanborn to move as far east as Marshall. If his information is correct, our main cavalry movement will be to the south of Lexington. Try to get supplies up to Sanborn as soon as you can. We are pushing everything.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

LA MINE BRIDGE, MO., October 18, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Jefferson City:

I leave this morning with the Third Division for Sedalia, leaving the First Division at this point to await the arrival of its train and ammunition. The term of service of the Fourteenth Iowa expires on the 5th of November. I have left five and a half companies of the regiment at Tipton to guard the place, &amp;c. Four and a half companies were with General Ewing at Rolla. I request that they be ordered to Saint Louis to join the regiment.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

LA MINE BRIDGE, MO., October 18, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Jefferson City:

I desire that the transportation of Mower's division be pushed forward as rapidly as possible. The railroad company has had no men at work on the bridge, and I have had no implements or lumber with which to rebuild it. The ford is good.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 18, 1864--10.25 a. m.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

La Mine:

The following dispatch sent to General Pleasonton last night at midnight, viz:

The last dispatches from Sanborn put a satisfactory phase upon matters, and seem to indicate that a small force--say Simonson's brigade--would suffice on our right flank. It ought to move by the shortest route in time to Elk Lick Springs, on the road to Arrow Rock, and thence across to the Georgetown and Marshall road. Send for the best guides you can and ask for the best route, and report. The Second Brigade had better move direct to La Mine or to the bridge near Pleasant Grove to-morrow. Where is the First Iowa detachment? It can meet us at Sedalia if now at the front. If on its way back, it can half at La Mine to escort our wagon train to Sedalia.

From the foregoing you will see that General Pleasonton was not ordered to go to Arrow Rock, but on that road, and then across to the Georgetown and Marshall road.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

