
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 63. Saint Louis, Mo, December 8, 1864.

In pursuance of orders from Major-General Rosecrans, commanding Department of the Missouri, I reassume command of the Saint Louis District. The staff of the district will remain as it was on the 20th ultimo until further orders.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

WARRENSBURG, December 8, 1864.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

It is represented that parties are engaged in gathering up and shipping horses, miles, cattle, and other property abandoned by rebels who joined Price, and in order to prevent this wholesale robbery of the Government, General Orders, Numbers 58, series of 1863, from these headquarters, a copy of which is on file at department headquarters is being rigidly enforced. Assistant provost- marshals are instructed to issue permits to all stock shippers who furnish satisfactory evidence that the stock is not subject to confiscation.

JNO. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

SAINT LOUIS, December 8, 1864- 12.02 p. m.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Macon, Mo.:

Telegraph synopsis of our movement during raid, up to time you were relieved at Jefferson City. Also the movements in North Missouri. General R [osecrans] wants thais at once.

J. V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

MACON, MO., December 8, 1864.

Colonel DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff, Saint Louis:

My reports from troops operating in the field previous to October were all destroyed at Glasgow and not yet replaced. Am getting them into shape as rapidly as possible. Colonel Harding's report already on your files furnishes you the Glasgow chapter of the invasion. Price's forces captured Fayette, Glasgow, Danville, Paris, Keytesville, Brunswick, and Carrolton while on the north side of the river, capturing about 2,000 prisoners and their arms. Probably 1,000 of our militia made no resistance whatever, but went over to the enemy cheerfully, guns and all- good riddance, so far as the men are concerned. The defense of Fayette in September was a gallant affair, but the force there whipped and murdered Major Johnston and 135 of his command, Thirty- ninth Missouri Volunteers, at Centralia. The Enrolled Missouri Militia, under Major- Grimes, and companies in Ray County, attacked and killed Bill Anderson and several of his hellish clan. Nearly 500 Confederates- guerrillas- have been killed in this district since May 15, when the Thornton conspiracy first developed. I am preparing a full history of the dis

