
trick work since April, and will furnish the general commanding a list of our loyalists murdered by the O. A. K's, also list of resident rebels who have doubtless been killed, at or near their own homes, by the outraged loyalists, who have borne their wrongs overmuch and overlong.*

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. SEVENTH MILITARY DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, December 8, 1864.

Captain ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

Myself and staff, except my assistant adjutant-general, are relieved from active duty, but I am required to still command the Enrolled Missouri Militia of my district. General Fisk has ordered Major Rainsford, my assistant adjutant-general, to turn over his office and papers to Captain Mead, Enrolled Missouri Militia, and report to him at Macon for duty. I protest against General Fisk's right to take a staff officer from me who was ordered to me by General Rosecrans, and I protest against his right to select an assistant adjutant-general for me. Nor has he the right to order Mead, Enrolled Missouri Militia, into active service without permission from the Governor. Will you modify these orders so as to leave Rainsford with me. I cannot get along with the business without him.

JAS. CRAIG,

Brigadier-General, Enrolled Missouri Militia.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., December 8, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel Chivington, after a march of 300 miles in ten days, on the 29th returned. He came upon a Cheyenne camp of 130 lodges at the south bend of big Sandy,, Cheyenne County, Colo. He attacked at daylight, killing over 400 Indians and capturing the same number of ponies. Among the killed are Chiefs Black Kettle, White Antelope, and Little Robe [Little Raven]. Our loss, 9 killed and 38 wounded. Our troops encountered snow two feet deep.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, December 8, 1864.

Major-General BLUNT,

Paola:

The location and character of cribs should be determined by the engineer who will go down soon to attend to this and other matters which I desire of permanent character. Chivington telegraphs a fight with the Cheyennes, in which he killed between 400 and 500.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

---------------

* See also Part I, p. 418.

---------------

51 R R-VOL XLI, PT IV

