
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS, Numbers 33. Paola, December 8, 1864.

The following officers are announced on the staff of the general commanding the district: Major W. C. Ransom, Sixth Kansas Cavalry, assistant commissary of musters and judge-advocate; Major E. G. Ross, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, district inspector; Surg. S. B. Davis, U. S. Volunteers, medical director; Captain D. S. Vittum, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, provost-marshal; Captain J. Huntoon, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, chief commissary; Captain B. F. Simpson, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry, chief quartermaster; Captain B. F. Simpson, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry, ordnance officer; Captain R. J. Hinton, Second [Kansas] Colored Regiment, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant John E. Tappan, Second Colorado Cavalry, aide-de-camp. They will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major-General Blunt:

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Salina, Kans., December 8, 1864.

Major B. S. HENNING,

Commanding District of Upper Arkansas, Fort Riley, Kans.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to state that I have this day ordered Second Lieutenant Charles E. Everton to take command of this post, and I will start to-morrow with a detachment of my company and number of citizens in pursuit of Indians. They are on Clear Creek (a tributary of the Solomon River), about forty miles from here. I have suitable scouts that can take me to where they were on the 7th instant. There are about 100 Indians. They drove in some buffalo hunters. Messrs. White and Chapman are here; they are direct from where the Indians were. I have no doubt but what I can be able to attack them by daylight on the 10th instant. I hope that this move will be sanctioned by you.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELISHA HAMMER,

Captain Company G, Seventh Iowa Vol. Cav., Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., December 8, 1864.

Major SCOTT J. ANTHONY,

Commanding Fort Lyon:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of yours of November 26, 1864, inclosing copy of Special Orders, Numbers 34, headquarters Department of New Mexico, ordering Company K, First New Mexico Infantry, on duty in this district. However desirable it may be to retain troops within the district, that properly this company belongs to the Department of New Mexico, and are subject to orders from there. Pressing necessity sometimes excuses or warrants the detention and use of troops temporarily within jurisdiction or command of an officer, but it should only be used in cases of absolute necessity. The major commanding appreciates the kindness of General Carleton in sending troops into the district under the circumstances that existed at that time, and hopes that the favor will not be abused, and that the com-

