
pany will be permitted to obey the order from their proper officer without interference from any officer within this command. In fact, courtesy demands that every facility should be given to carry out orders from Department of New Mexico. The major commanding regrets exceedingly that Major Anthony should have assumed to order Captain Hill on duty in the district that should properly fall on the officers belonging in the district, and which has taken Captain Hill so far from his proper command. He will be directed to return immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Numbers 46. Franklin, Tex., December 8, 1864.

I. The District of Arizona is hereby abolished. The commanders of the several posts within what were the limits of that district will make their reports and returns through the proper staff officers direct to department headquarters. Requisitions for supplies for each of these posts will be made semi-annually, commencing on the 1st day of January, 1865, for the first six months of that year, and for every subsequent six months' supply requisitions will be made in time so that the articles required may be at the post at the beginning of the period for which they are needed. By the next express or mail which leaves the several posts for department headquarters after each requisition for supplies has been forwarded, a duplicate of such requisition will be sent by the post commander through the same channel of communication as the first, to the end that no inconvenience to the troops or injury to the public service transpire from loss en route, or miscarriage, of the first requisition. Each requisition will state precisely the number of troops borne upon the returns of the post and the exact amount or number of each article of supplies then on hand which that requisition calls for, and if the requisition be for forage, or for horse equipage, or for means of transportation, the exact number of cavalry or artillery horses and of mules at the post as shown by the post returns and the report of means of transportation will be noted upon such requisition.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Carleton:

ERASTUS W. WOOD,Aide-de-Camp.

HDQRS, DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,

Saint Paul, Minn., December 8, 1864.

Captain JOHN C. HANLEY,

Second Minnesota Cavalry, Commanding, Princeton:

SIR: The brigadier-general commanding the district directs me to state that you will not be expected to interfere with the Indians except to order them away from the neighborhood of settlements where they commit depredations or annoy the people. The object of placing a fore at this point is to secure the settlers against molestation by the Chippewa Indians and appease their apprehensions. You will notify all men dealing in liquor with the Indians that they will receive no protection whatever from the military, and the presence of such whisky

