
ent locality;nor can they demand the surrender of murderers, both of which subjects appertain to the Indian department of the Government. But it is perfectly competent for them to prevent, by the use of force, if necessary, any interference by the Indians with the persons or property of the white settlers, and that will be done in all cases where it is practicable. And whenever the aid of the military is invoked by the proper officers of the U. S. Indian Department to apprehend murderers among the Indians, orders will be given to render such assistance. I have no doubt that the exclusion of liquor by the agency of the State authorities from the country frequented by the Chippewas, and the presence at a convenient and accessible point of a small body of U. S. soldiers, would have the effect to prevent the recurrence of outrages for the future, for I am as well convinced as you seem to be that whisky is generally the primary cause of disturbances of the kind alluded to by you in your letter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., December 9, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to request that the attention of the Secretary of the Treasury may be invited to the trade now carried on with the insurgents in Texas, from New York and other Northern ports, through the Mexican port of Matamoras. Recent advices from the Rio Grande show a great increase in this trade, and the character of the supplies received indicate very clearly, even if other evidence were wanting, their ultimate destination. Casks and crates of crockery, freighted with rifle and musket barrels; bales of codfish, with the small parts of the arms; kegs of powder in barrels of provisions; pistols and percussion caps in boxes of soap and barrels of fruit; clothing, shoes, and other army supplies, with scarcely any attempt at concealment, are constantly being received at Matamoras, and are constantly transferred to the insurgents in Texas. I have restrained this unlawful trade,, as far as I have the power, and have endeavored to limit the shipments from this port to the wants of the neutral inhabitants of Matamoras and its dependencies, but these restrictions effect but little, when the requirements of the law of July 13, 1861, are so completely overlooked at Northern ports.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., December 3, 1864.

J. M. COURTENAY, Esq.,

Agent New York Mail Steamship Company, New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I have fully considered the question submitted by you in relation to the trade with Matamoras and can arrive at no other conclusion than that which has hitherto governed my actions in this regard, and which I expressed to you verbally yesterday. The duties of officers of

