
[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., December 9, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General of the Army, with the earnest request that this order be approved, and, if thought proper, the promotion be published in general orders of the War Department.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

By C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(General Canby being confined to his quarters in consequence of wounds.)

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

December 19, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War, with the recommendation that this order be approved. Attention is respectfully invited to the suggestion of Major-General Canby that the confirmation of this order be published in general orders from the War Department.

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General of Volunteers.

[Third indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

December 21, 1864.

The within order of Major-General Canby is approved, and will be published in War Department general orders as requested.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

CIRCULAR Numbers 13.] HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

New Orleans, La., December 9, 1864.

To cary out the intentions of the third clause of War Department General Orders, Numbers 270, of October 11, 1864, the commanding officer of the Districts of West Tennessee and Vicksburg and the commanding officer of each of the separate brigades composing the Reserve Corps of this military division will cause the record of all proceedings by courts-martial, military commissions, and courts of inquiry within their respective commands to be forwarded promptly to these headquarters for transmission to the Bureau of Military Justice, and they will cause the judge-advocate of the military division to be furnished, at least five days before the end of each month, with a full list of all cases tried within the month, and a full list of all charges remaining untried at their respective headquarters, with a statement of the disposition intended to be made of the same.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

