
on the auspicious signs which already appear for their future greatness, founded on the broad principles of justice, humanity, and freedom to all, without distinction of creed, color, or nationality. To the members of the department staff I extend my sincere thanks for their able and efficient services while under my command, as well as to the officers and soldiers of the State militia, whom ex officio I have commanded, whose cheerful, patriotic, and unrequited services for their country I fully appreciate.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 222. Saint Louis, Mo., December 9, 1864.

By direction of the President of the United States (General Orders, Numbers 294, War Department), I hereby assume command of the Department of the Missouri. All orders now in force and all staff officers now on duty will be recognized and obeyed until otherwise ordered. The following additional staff officers are announced: Major J. W. Barnes, assistant adjutant-general (in charge of office); Captain George E. Ford, Fourth Iowa Infantry, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant George C. Tichenor, Thirty-ninth Iowa Infantry, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Edward Jonas, Fiftieth Illinois Infantry, aide-de-camp.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 341. Saint Louis, Mo., December 9, 1864.

* * * * *

3. Lieutenant Colonel F. W. Benteen, with his command, will proceed forthwith to Cairo,, Ill., by boat. At that point he will receive further orders from Major General George H. Thomas, commanding the Department of the Cumberland. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * *

5. The general commanding, being about to relinquish the command of the department, Captain R. S. Thomas, aide-de-camp, will continue, temporarily, on duty as acting aide-de-camp to his successor, Major-General Dodge, U. S. Volunteers.

* * * *

7. The Forty-seventh Missouri Volunteers will proceed immediately by rail to Nashville, Tenn., reporting by telegraph to Major-General Thomas, commanding Department and Army of the Cumberland, upon arrival at Louisville, Ky., for further instructions. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

8. The Second Missouri Cavalry will proceed at once by boat to Nashville, Tenn., notifying Major-General Thomas, commanding Department and Army of the Cumberland, of their arrival at Cairo, Ill., and obtaining orders from him at that point. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,Assistant Adjutant-General.

