
NEW MADRID, December 9, 1864.

General PLEASONTON:

Bolin's gang of about 300 men intend to attack Bloomfield this week.

H. SLADEK,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshal.

SAINT LOUIS, December 9, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER:

Move the Forty-fifth [Missouri] to Saint Louis in a hurry. Lose no time. You will order two squadrons of the Missouri State Militia to Jefferson City immediately, to cover that post, abandoned by the Forty-fifth, ordered to Saint Louis. If Major Dale has crossed from Fulton leave him at Jefferson City, to muster in any recruits of Forty-fifth. I expect to be up Sunday or Monday.

JNO. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, December 9, 1864-3.45 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel WEAR,

Forty-fifth Missouri Infantry, Jefferson City, Mo.:

You will immediately concentrate your regiment at Jefferson City, and move it with all possible dispatch to Saint Louis, reporting to department headquarters. All officers and enlisted men of your regiment on detached service not detailed by order from department headquarters will accompany you. If you have any men not mustered in, telegraph Lieutenant Campion to come down and muster them in. Begin the movement of the command at once. Lose no time.

JNO. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding District.

WARRENSBURG, December 9, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel D. W. WEAR,

Commanding Forty-fifth Infantry Missouri Volunteers:

You will move immediately, with your entire regiment, camp and garrison equipage, without trains, by rail to Benton Barracks, Saint Louis. Captain J. A. Green, assistant quartermaster, will furnish the necessary transportation. I have ordered Captains Anderson and Newman to move by train to-morrow to Jefferson City, Mo. Move at once. Inform me by telegraph when you start. Acknowledge receipt.

By order:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, December 9, 1864.

Captain C. J. MISSEMER,

Commanding Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Sedalia:

Order one squadron of your regiment to La Mine bridge and two squadrons to Jefferson City, Mo., to move at daylight to-morrow, 10th instant. Acknowledge receipt.

By order:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

