
yet sympathy for that which has brought Missouri so much woe, ought certainly to go out from among us during the continuance of the war, and at the same time be very grateful for the leniency of a Government which permits them to live, even, after the commission of so great a crime against humanity and Heaven. Chariton, Howard, and Randolph have been more severely shaken up than other counties. I have placed them in a sub-district under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Denny, of Huntsville, a very excellent, just officer and gentleman. It will be safe to follow his advice. Truman's conduct in Chariton County last June opened up a continuous line of trouble. Many of the recent homicides were committed by Truman's avengers. The dwellings of nearly every citizen against Truman have been burned down. I learn that a brother-in-law of Truman is one of the Enrolled Missouri Militia of Putnam County, and that he has been diligent in following up the parties who testified against Truman from Chariton County. I am investigating the matter thoroughly. Colonel J. H. Shanklin is giving his personal attention to the redemption of Carroll. The Clay and Platte sub-district is becoming more quiet, yet the old sores are there. Your order banishing the rebel families from Clay is encouraging to loyal men, and, of course,stirs up the rebels. Men who never complain at the presence and atrocities of bushwhackers will besiege you in behalf of bushwhackers'' friends. North of the Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad there is now but little trouble. I hope to be able to report constant improvement throughout the district. Howard and Randolph have sent up their drafted men or respectable "A. D's" as substitutes with a prompt cheerfulness that shames even the loyal city of Saint Louis.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

MACON, MO., December 9, 1864.

Major-General DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your order moving the Thirty-ninth Missouri Infantry to Nashville. I will concentrate and start the regiment with as little delay as possible. The regiment is now broken into detachments on duty in the counties of Howard, Chariton, Randolph, Macon, Marion, and Ralls.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, December 9, 1864-3.45 p. m.

Brigadier-General CRAIG,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

General Fisk properly commands all the Missouri State Militia in his district, as other U. S. forces. Major Rainsford must obey his orders. The Governor of the State can alone call into active service the Enrolled Missouri Militia.

By order of Major-General Dodge:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

