
JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 18, 1864--12 m.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Sedalia:

Order up another brigade of Mower's division; leave barely force enough in Sedalia to hold it. As soon as the stores are delivered at La Mine bridge all but a regiment can follow. If the enemy moves south and west a single regiment will be sufficient at Sedalia. No troops are wanted at the bridge, except enough to receive and transmit stores.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

OCTOBER 18, 1864.

General A. J. SMITH:

I went as directed this morning. Started on the Lexington road, or the old Telegraph road. Found it blockaded by the enemy. Don't know their number. It was not large. Flanked them and went up by Knobnoster. Was no enemy in force. There are small parties moving all over the country. I learned at the Knob that there were about 300 bushwhackers crossed the railroad to the south. Destination not known. Saw a party of the same kind of twenty-one seven miles from the Knob, down the creek from the Knob toward Blackwater. Price is moving up the river slowly. Up to this time there has been no supply train sent. Don't know the name of the camping-ground, but General Sanborn lies nineteen miles from here, on the old Telegraph road, the same road he went out on. Will wait orders from you. He dare not fight Price with his present force. He says he knows where Price is coming, and where he is aiming to get out, but unless your order him to fight I don't think he will.

FITCH.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. RIGHT WING, 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 129. La Mine River, Mo., October 18, 1864.

I. The four regiments of the Seventeenth Army Corps, under command of Colonel J. B. Moore, will form a brigade organization and will be attached temporarily to the First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps. The brigade commander will cause the brigade to be reported to the commanding officer Sixteenth Army Corps for orders.

* * * * * * *

IX. The First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, will organize and fit out for the field at the crossing of the La Mine, near Otterville, Mo., and will remain at that point until their transportation arrives and they receive further orders.

By order of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,Assistant Adjutant-General.

