
MACON, December 10, 1864-2.10 p. m.

Major-General DODGE,

Saint Louis:

I have no regiment concentrated. My troops are in detachments fighting the numerous bands of bushwhackers who infest Platte, Clay, Ray, Carroll, Chariton, Randolph, Howard, Boone, Callaway, Audrain, Macon, and Ralls Counties, guarding railroad bridges, &amp;c., and for which duty the force at my command is very limited. The withdrawal of the Thirty-ninth deprives many loyal localities of protection. Guerrilla conscripts and deserters from Price's army are thronging back to renew their work of devastation and death even in midwinter. The Enrolled Missouri Militia of the district have nearly all been relieved, and my force all told, including the Thirty-ninth, aggregates less than 2,500 effective men. The Thirty-ninth and the Forty-ninth are neither of them organized regiments, and the six-months' companies will soon have served out the period of their enlistment. The removal of troops from this district I fear will result in the driving out of hundreds of loyal families, the destruction of their homes, and the interruption of our railroad lines. The Thirty-ninth are ordered to concentrate at West Quincy with all possible dispatch.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, December 10, 1864-11 a. m.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK, Macon, Mo.:

Did you get the order to send the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry to Saint Louis and Fourth Missouri State Militia to Jefferson City, and are they en route?

J. V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

MACON, MO., December 10, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Colonel JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff:

The Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia are now en route from Fulton to Sedalia, as ordered. The detachment of Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry Volunteers will move to Saint Louis as soon as relieved by the Third Cavalry Missouri State Militia, which will probably be on Monday next. Colonel Matthews passed this post with the last of his regiment this morning.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

DECEMBER 10, 1864-5.10 p. m.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Macon, Mo.:

If you retain the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry cannot you supply the place of Thirty-ninth with them and the Third Missouri State Militia? The Thirty-ninth is only ordered away for a short time, and will return as soon as crisis is over where they are going.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

