
MACON, MO., December 10, 1864-8.45 p. m.

Major-General DODGE:

If the detachment of Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry could be left with me I could with them and a few companies of Enrolled Missouri Militia make good the loss of the Thirty-ninth.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, December 10, 1864-12.35 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

Has Harding's command left for Kansas City? What is the cause of delay?

By order of Major-General Dodge:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Franklin, Tex., December 10, 1864.

Brigadier General MARCELLUS M. CROCKER, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding at Fort Sumner, N. Mex.:

DEAR GENERAL: Your private letter of the 17th ultimo came to hand to-day. I have written to the chief commissary that if he can see his way clear to feed the Indians if we add four ounces to the present meat ration, making it twelve ounces per day to each Indian, to write to that effect by the special express which will take this letter from Santa Fe, when you will give orders accordingly. Whether the Indians understand the necessity of diminishing their rations or not, that necessity meets us at every turn from the great scarcity in ge country, and they must be satisfied. If they proceed to any unpleasant extremes,, force must be used against them on the moment. They must do what we direct or perish. Besides, they must commence work upon their fields at once. Adopt the best plan to produce this result, but the result must be produced now before it is too late. You can try this plan. If the chief commissary finds he can make the additional four ounces to the meat ration per day, issue the additional only to those who do good day's work. Order a military commission to try the three Navajoes about whom you write. Have them have a fair trial. If they are sentenced to be hung or shot for what they have done as alleged, they will deserve the sentence. Your arrangement about having a part of the Indian hospital used for school purposes is a good one and approved by me. It was my purpose to come to Fort Sumner via Fort Stanton from Las Cruces, but I fear I shall not have time. If not, I shall come as soon after my arrival at Santa Fe as possible. I shall leave here en route to Las Cruces on the 13th, and shall be obliged to remain there a day or two.

Hoping that by firmness and kindness combined you will succeed in managing the Indians in a satisfactory manner,

I am, dear general, very truly, yours,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

