
as well as in guarding the frontier from Indian raids, has been accomplished, and I believe I may safely challenge a comparison in these respects, and in general efficiency, with any other military district in the army. I hope you will acquit me of any desire either to make a parade of my own services, or to detract in the least from those performed by General Sully. I believe you have only done him justice in pressing his advancement, and I sincerely wish he may obtain it. I only claim from our common superior officer, who has so long been identified with the history of this Indian war, that I may receive from him a like public recognition of the services and labors devolved upon me in the same field. My reputation as a citizen and an officer of the army is dear to me, and it is my duty to myself and to my family to prevent any stain from resting upon it, whether by implication or otherwise. I know you will not blame me for undue sensitiveness.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

H. H. SIBLEY.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 82. New Orleans, La., December 11, 1864.

The major-general commanding has received information, entitled to credit, that many of the original planters on and near the Mississippi River, who are now cultivating their plantations under the regulations of the Treasury Department, are making arrangements to sell their property and move into the interior, taking the negroes with them, for the purpose of reducing them again into a state of slavery. Commanders of districts are therefore directed to exercise a careful supervision over the plantations within the limits of their commands, and whenever there is satisfactory evidence of intention on the part of any planter, either from disposition or under the constraint of the rebel authorities, to take the negroes now on their plantations beyond the control of the national authorities,, for the purpose of reducing them to slavery, they will cause them to be brought to a place of safety within the national lines, and turned over to the proper agents of the Treasury Department, in conformity with the second section of the act of Congress approved July 2, 1864. If, in any case, the negroes have been defrauded of their promised wages or interest in the crops, the property of the planter will be seized, and so much of it as may be necessary to compensate the negroes will be sold, and the remainder turned over to the proper agents of the Treasury Department, as the captured property of an enemy.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, December 11, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: To-day I received a dispatch dated Fort Smith, December 8, and Lewisburg, December 11, informing me that the water in the Arkansas had risen three feet at the former place and fifteen inches at the latter, and was still rapidly rising. I presume that the supply boats that

