
were above Dardanelle have discharged their freight and are on their way back before this time. There will be no trouble for the other boats to make their trip. It is all quiet in the department. I think the rebels have given up this State back to the valley of Red River. Deserters continue coming in. There is a report in Camden that Price is dead. General Reynolds has not yet arrive. I should like to turn over the department to him in person, but shall not wait for him much longer.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., December 11, 1864.

Colonel CHARLES BLACK,

Commanding First Brigade, Third Division:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to notify you that the steamer Mattie will leave for Des Ark at 7. 30 a. m. tomorrow, to bring brick for the quartermaster. He also directs that you furnish two commissioned officers and seventy men, with one day's rations, to report on the boat at 7.30 a. m. Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, Thirty-fifth Wisconsin, and other officers of your brigade, having expressed a wish to procure some lumber there, it is desired that this opportunity be availed of as far as convenient. You will give particular instructions to the officers in command as to the proper place to land, with a view of capturing any of the enemy that may be there

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE MONROE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, December 11, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Mil. Div. of West Miss., New Orleans, La.:

COLONEL: I desire to send out of Missouri and to their friends in the rebel army the families of noted bushwhackers and robbers; also the prominent families of persons now serving in the rebel army, and the families of those who joined Price in his raid into the State and who left it with his army. I believe that this will have a salutary effect upon the State and will keep south many noted desperate men, who early in the spring would otherwise return. These families are almost invariably the rendezvous of spies and guerrilla bands, and so long as they remain in the State it will be a great inducement for their friends to return and engage in guerrilla bands, and so long as they remain in the State it will be a great inducement for their friends to return and engage in guerrilla warfare. I have given this subject close attention, and respectfully request that you will designate some point on the Mississippi, Red, or Arkansas Rivers where they can be landed and sent through the lines. Lists have already been prepared by district commanders, and, as soon as the point is ascertained, they will be sent quietly off.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General, Commanding.

