HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., October 18, 1864.

Colonel J. J. WOODS,

Commanding Mower's Division, Jefferson City, Mo.:

COLONEL: Pursuant to verbal instructions received from the general commanding, you will proceed to La Mine bridge and take command of your division as it arrives, reorganizing it and paying particular attention to transportation, clothing, and ammunition. Report your arrival by telegraph to Major-General Smith. Relieve troops on the line of the railroad belonging to the division in front by details from your own command and push them forward to General Smith. At the bridge your duty will be to attend to the prompt unloading and loading of stores, the return of trains, and the forwarding of stores required in front. Put the defense of the bridge in good condition and assist in every way the railroad company to repair the bridge. Relieve the regiment at California by the Thirty-third Missouri Infantry and the one at Tipton by some small regiment. Direct both regiments to intrench for the defense of the railroad and tanks and to watch for the capture of guerrillas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 18, 1864--12.20 a. m.

Captain SAMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The commanding general of the department directs me to say that General Mower's division will move as soon as transportation can be procured, probably by daylight to-morrow morning. See first to your ammunition and have everything ready as quickly as possible.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 18, 1864--7.15 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

La Mine Bridge:

Colonel Woods will arrive to-night. Have everything arranged to unload trains quickly and send back trains as quick as unloaded. Prepare one brigade to march to Sedalia to-morrow, to start early. Pick out camps for Colonel Woods' men now on the cars. Report condition of subsistence stores and the transportation you have.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., October 18, 1864.

Colonel EDWARD A. KUTZNER,

Thirty-ninth Missouri Volunteers:

COLONEL: I am directed by the general commanding to instruct you to proceed with your regiment without delay to Tipton, Mo., and relieve the Fourteenth Iowa Volunteers at that place. Colonel Callender,

