
SAINT LOUIS, December 11, 1864-2. p. m.

Major General GEORGE H THOMAS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

I have had to unload 400 men and 300 horses, the last of Colonel Benteen's command, caught in ice, and them by rail to Louisville, at which place please give them orders.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 343. Saint Louis, Mo., December 11, 1864.

1. That portion of Lieutenant-Colonel Benteen's command now it this city, delayed by reason of an accident to the steamer on which it was embarked, will proceed without delay by rail to Louisville, Ky., reporting by telegraph to Major-General Thomas upon arrival at that point for further orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * * *

3. The accumulation of ice in the river rendering navigation dangerous and uncertain, the Forty-seventh Illinois Volunteers will proceed without delay by rail to Louisville, Ky., reporting by telegraph to Major-General Thomas, upon arriving at that point, for orders. The quartermaster['s department will furnish transportation.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Dodge:

FRANK ENO,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FIRST SUB-DISTRICT, SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,

Saint Louis, Mo., December 11, 1864.

Lieutenant A. VEZIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis District:

I have the honor to report that, in compliance with instructions of the brigadier-general commanding, I have ordered G Company, Seventh Kansas Cavalry, now at Sulphur Springs, to Pilot Knob direct, and K Company, now at Hermann, E and C Companies, now at Franklin, and H and A Companies, now at Saint Louis, all of the Seventh Kansas Cavalry, and D company, Second Cavalry Missouri State Militia, now at Saint Louis, to De Soto, to report by telegraph upon arriving at De Soto to commanding officer Third Sub-District, Saint Louis District, at Pilot Knob, for orders. I have directed that the mounted men march overland and that the dismounted men be sent by rail. I have also directed the commanding officer at De Soto to guard with F Company, Seventh Kansas Cavalry, the bridges on the Iron Mountain Railroad between De Soto and Mineral Point, having the strongest guard at the most important bridges.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. BAKER,

Colonel.

