
but as time enough has elapsed for the return of that regiment (I inclosed a copy of the order to General Rosecrans) and it has not come, I suggest to you that the Twenty-third Wisconsin be retained here and some other disposition be made of the Sixth Minnesota. If this regiment is taken away from here and none sent in its place I will be left with an inadequate force. The Twenty-third Wisconsin, though much smaller than the Sixth Minnesota, is well disciplined and I would prefer to have it.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., December 12, 1864.

Colonel H. MATTSON,

Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: You will embark with a force of about 350 men of your command on steamers Kate Hart and Sir William Wallace at &amp; o'clock to-morrow morning, with three days' rations, and proceed as far up the river as Augusta, and scout through the country east of that place according to the plan stated to you verbally by the commanding general this evening. You will send detachments of infantry on the west side of White River. If facts are found to be materially different from those assumed to exist in the verbal conversation referred to, you will exercise your best discretion in the movements. One hundred and fifty of the Ninth Kansas will report to you.

By order of Brigadier General C. C. Andrews:

GEORGE MONROE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., December 12, 1864.

To the PRESIDENT,

Washington City, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: You may or may not remember that I called on you in July last, and had a short talk with you in regard to Major-General Steele and Arkansas matters. On my arrival at home on yesterday, I was surprised and grieved to learn that General Steele had been superseded in the command of the Department of Arkansas. How unfortunate this change is you may learn from the inclosed papers and proceedings gotten up and put in being by the most radical element that can be found anywhere. In our interview in July you said to me. "I have no personal acquaintance with General Steele, but I am pleased with his administration, and my correspondence with him has been most gratifying to me." You may imagine, then, my then, my surprise, not to say deep mortification, when told that General Steele was to leave us for another field of duty. Now, let me tell you in all frankness, and time will prove what I say, that this movement and change to us, as a State and people, is and will be disastrous. Mark what I say: all that has been gained will be lost. General Steele conquered Arkansas, established a State government, and put her territory at every available and assailable point, even beyond his means, in a state of defense, as the late campaign of General Price most abundantly proves. He made himself acquainted with the country, and the means and points of defense. All this is to

