
On motion of Dr. Fryrear, the following was added to the resolutions reported:

Resolved, We ask the President and War Department to return General Steele to this department.

This amendment was adopted unanimously adopted. On motion, it was then resolved that the proceedings be published in the papers of Little Rock, Memphis, and Saint Louis, and that a copy be sent to the President of the United States.

R. J. T. WHITE,

President.

E. D. AYRES,

Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., December 12, 1864.

(Via Lewisburg 9.10 a. m. 18th.)

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Department of Arkansas:

SIR: Night before last information reached me that the steamer Doane was wrecked eighteen miles east of Clarksville. I have already sent down a train for about 100 wagons, under escort of two regiments of infantry, for the purpose of bringing up the stores that were on board of her. The river is now gradually falling here. In about a week I shall occupy Clarksville with the portions of the three cavalry regiments not mustered out of service. They will be under the command of Colonel W. R. Judson, Sixth Kansas Cavalry. The telegraph line will soon be reopened from here to Fayetteville. It is now working from Fayetteville to Saint Louis, and I will endeavor to have it reopened to Clarksville at an early day, presuming that you will cause it to be reopened from Lewisburg to that point. I would respectfully request you to send up some paymasters as soon as possible, as it is now going on five months since we have seen any. All, both officers and men, are very much in need of greenbacks. If you will furnish an escort for them to Clarksville or Norristown I will send a sufficient escort for them from either point. Nothing new here. The enemy has disappeared from my front.

Very respectfully, yours,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, RESERVE CORPS, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 1. Memphis, Tenn., December 12. 1864.

In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 205, headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the First Brigade, Reserve Corps, Military Division of West Mississippi, consisting of the following regiments: Twenty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, Twenty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, Ninety-ninth Illinois Volunteers, Forty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, Twenty-first Iowa Volunteers, Twenty-ninth Wisconsin Volunteers. Commanding officers of

