
PARKVILLE, PLATTE COUNTY, MO.,

December 12, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Macon, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: Your letters have just arrived. Many thanks for the promise of troops. My wife says she always believed General Fisk would protect Union people when he could, and sends her special thanks. She has been in constant alarm. I wrote to General Rosecrans hoping to induce him to hold the life and property of rebels responsible for that of Union men, as the most efficient measure of protection to our scattered citizens. Clay County has 130 Union men and about 2,000 rebels,, who have suffered very little during the war, while some of the Union men in this vicinity have been plundered three times. If there are 300 troops in Platte County; we have seen none in the eastern half of the county. We are willing to suffer if the country requires it, but now, when Company F, Sixteenth Kansas, which was mostly raised here, is stationed at Wyandotte, where they are not needed, and their houses left unprotected-so, too, Weston would like to have all the troops there. All we ask i equal protection. Parkville and the settlements just above and below are Union largely, while along Clay County line and north of Parkville is mostly rebel. Here in these thickets and hills they can hide in winter and safely stay among their friends. In October some bushwhackers attacked a German's house just below and the boys killed two of them, who proved to be citizens of Clay. In the last raid they inquired for this house, showing it was got up for revenge. They inquired for brood mares. Took red peppers and sage to make sausage meat, showing it was got up near. They inquired for my house and told the Dutchman that they would have me. I got up about twenty men and we determined to defend ourselves, but after two weeks had to scatter to do their work, and they had spies among us to let them know when we could be taken in detail; so the organization had to be abandoned, as there was no authority, and one would fall off and then another would. Now each man will make the best fight he can. There is no security for life now. Such is the position of things that we are in their power. Many have left. The Germans all talk of leaving for Nebraska in the spring. I do not like to leave and give up the country to the rebels now, or see them (the Germans) leave; hence I appeal to you to make this statement. I have slept out most of the time for weeks. A leading rebel told Mr. Summers not to bring goods here, as he had been robbed twice, and there would be worse times than ever when the draft came off. They would all take to the brush, and if rebel families were sent off and they could not enjoy the country nobody else should; they would lay it waste. So Mr. Summers fears to bring any more goods here. Last week a German was robbed by guerrillas in the bottom below here. We have every reason to believe that Confederate officers are in the country hatching deviltry. Rebels profess to believe that Price will drill and arm his men, and come back with a large army of blacks and whites and overrun the country. I have no doubt they will fail in their calculations, but they may do much local damage, and I trust you will take timely measures to prevent it. Excuse this hasty writing. I have endeavored to give you a sketch of the state of affairs as seen from my point of view. Permit me again to assure you of our gratitude for the promise of troops and protection. Our German friends are very grateful.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. S. PARK.

