
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

MOUND CITY, December 10, 1864.

Captain GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Paola:

General Orders, Numbers 32, is received, which leaves under my command a part of five companies of the Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, which were at the time under command of Major J. M. Laing. My entire command now consists of less than 250 men for duty. I have been repeatedly notified that, unless I would run all military matters for J. H. Lane, my regiment would be broken up and would be crushed. I enlisted as a soldier and not as a politician, not thinking that national interests were to be sacrificed to personal ambition. Five companies of my regiment are given to a commander who is in the department without authority, and did at one time command a part of my regiment for five months, and during which time they never had a drill or dress parade, nor military discipline whatever. His own regiment at the present is a perfect mob, and aided in robbing Government trains and citizens of Kansas, whom it was their duty to protect. If I exhibited disqualification for the command due my rank I respectfully ask to be informed of the fact. I do not forget that I am ranking colonel of this department, and have in my possession late letters from the general commanding the department complimenting me on both my behavior in the field and also my administration as sub-district commander. This is also true of Generals Davies, Sykes, and all commanders under whom I have served since 1861. After a severe campaign my regiment is scattered and placed under officers of other regiments, unprovided for and in great need of personal attention of regimental commander, that attention which I personally take pride in bestowing myself. Believing I know my rights and what is due my regiment, I must decline the command of First Sub-District. This I do, preferring consequences of the act rather than subvert both my own self-respect and my duty to the Government and the people of Kansas to the selfish wills of political shysters.

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel, Commanding Sub-District Numbers 1.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH KANSAS VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Mound City, December 11, 1864.

Captain GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Paola:

Please forward the following by telegraph to department headquarters:

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth:

By General Orders, Numbers 32, District of South Kansas, dated December 6, Paola, my command is reduced in this sub-district to five companies, a command which I have declined by telegram to headquarters District of South Kansas, submitting to the consequences. That this reduction has been without the knowledge of the general commanding the department I have reason to believe, and I therefore respectfully ask, in justice to my rank and regiment, that the order mentioned may be revised and a command given me proportionate to those of junior colonels in the department. I send this direct, as well as through the

