
II. Brigadier General J. M. Thayer, commanding District of the Frontier, will immediately take measures to carry out the above instructions. All the land transportation, steam-boats, and every other means of transportation at hand, will be employed to transport the public property to Little Rock. The troops, except such as may be employed to guard transports, will march to Little Rock by the best route.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 345. Saint Louis, Mo., December 13, 1864.

* * * *

13. The Forty-fifth Missouri Volunteers will proceed without delay by rail to Louisville, Ky., reporting by telegraph to Major-General Thomas, upon arriving at that point, for further orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

14. The emergency having passed which required that the veteran portion of the First Iowa Cavalry be retained on duty in this department, that portion of the regiment now within this department will proceed without delay to join the main portion of the regiment in the Department of Arkansas, in compliance with paragraph 4 of Special Orders, Numbers 87, current series, from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Dodge:

FRANK ENO,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, December 13, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS EWING, Jr.,

Commanding District of Saint Louis:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires to be informed of the arrival and departure of all troops ordered to Nashville. As soon as a regiment leaves this post en route to Nashville, the fact will be reported to these headquarters, with the exact time of their departure. I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, December 13, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

The regiments not of my command arriving here en route to Nashville or other points below almost always fail to report to the post commander unless they are in need of rations or quarters. Captain Metcalf, of the staff of the major-general commanding, in charge of transportation, can more surely furnish the information required

54 R R-VOL XLI, PT IV

