
small force to move by shortest route in time to Elk Lick Springs, on the road to Arrow Rock, and thence across to the Georgetown and Marshall road. It was not intended for you to go to Arrow Rock.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 18, 1864--12 o'clock.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Sedalia:

Let Winslow detach a small regiment, say 300 men, to scout through Pisgah and Clark's Fork to Boonville, driving up bushwhackers, protecting telegraph repairers to Boonville. From Boonville let him scout the La Mine country. Move the rest of Winslow's force by the shortest route to Georgetown. Have rations sent to Simonson. Winslow can then move in the center. Let Brown send a regiment to Elmwood or to crossing of the Brownsville and Lexington with the Georgetown and Waverly road, pushing out scouts to the prairie road from Lexington to Marshall. Simonson's movement will be governed by whether he finds the enemy in force toward Marshall, in which case he will be needed there, otherwise he can join Winslow in the center.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SEDALIA, MO., October 18, 1864--12.45 o'clock.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Jefferson City, Mo.:

Party of men, just in from Warrensburg, state no enemy seen there. Citizen guards in the bush waiting for them. The hay not destroyed, nor the railroad. This looks as if they wanted us to go there.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 18, 1864--2 p. m.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Tipton:

Send back train you took with you. We will forward supplies promptly.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 18, 1864--5.30 p. m.

Major General A. PLEASONTON,

Sedalia:

From latest news from General Curtis, direct General Brown to occupy Brownsville. General Sanborn might go to Cook's Store, or vicinity, or the forks of the Waverly and Lexington roads. McNeil ought to occupy Kirkpatrick's Mills; the telegraph to be carried to Knobnoster. Winslow to move in the direction of Marshall, across the Blackwater, pass through Hazel Grove to Elmwood. The militia of Sedalia will furnish a detail of 300 men to act as couriers, connecting the headquarters of the different commands by three men to a mile,

