
products without such military indorsement will be arrested and tried under the Article of War recited in said order, and the property forfeited.

2. Colonel F. A. Starring, Seventy-second Illinois Volunteers, is appointed military agent under said section 9 to grant and register permits and safe-conducts, and will immediately proceed to open his office at some convenient place under near the office of the purchasing agent. Office hours will be from 10 a. m. to 1 p. m. He will at once prepare the necessary books for his registry. Blank forms of permits and safe conduct will be supplied from this office.

3. The bonds required under section 8 of General Orders, Numbers 80, will be taken in the office of said military agent and carefully field and kept by him.

4. All the provisos and requirements of said General Orders, Numbers 80, so far as they apply to the Department of the Gulf, will be strictly observed and enforced by said military agent, and no supplies in any case allowed until it shall appear from the certificate of the purchasing agent, and the return of the permit canceled, that the products on which said supplies are to be allowed have been received by said purchasing agent. Special care will be taken that none of the prohibited supplies are allowed.

5. Weekly reports will be made up by said military agent on each Saturday, under section 18, General Orders, Numbers 80.

6. Commanders of posts within this department are required to make weekly detailed reports of permits granted by them under section 6 of said orders, Numbers 80.

7. All military officers and provost-marshals are instructed to arrest all persons seeking to pass the lines, or endeavoring to bring in products, unless they have the military permit required by this order, and to send such persons with their products and means of transportation under guard to the provost-marshal-general of this department for military adjudication.

8. Both the Treasury purchasing agent and the military agent will, from time to time, be furnished with lists of places or region of country within which permits for products will not be permitted, which they are required rigidly to observe until countermanded by proper authority.

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

JOSEPH HIBBERT, Jr.,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST OF WEST FLORIDA AND SOUTH ALABAMA,Fort Gaines, Ala., [December 14,] 1864.

Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Yesterday at 12 m. Colonel Robinson marched from Barrancas, with 1,500 infantry and 500 cavalry, in the direction of Pollard, to destroy, if possible, the Mobile and Montgomery Railroad.

This evening I leave for Point Aupin and East Pascagoula, with 3,000 infantry, to make a diversion in his favor, and, if possible, strike the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, and do such other damage to the enemy as may be possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

