
of that work. Four such works located near the positions indicated by the letters A, B, C, D, on the map, taken in connection with the work on the extreme right (Numbers 1.) of the exterior line, would be of vital importance to the security of the depots in the fort in case it became necessary, from a want of sufficient force, to relinquish the exterior line to the enemy, for they would, if properly defended, enable ut to prevent the fire of sharpshooters and the erection of mortar batteries within destructive ranges of the fort.

Armament: The armament of Fort Pickering, including the interior work, comprises 102 pieces of all calibers, viz: Forty-four 32-pounders, ten 8-inch sea-coast howitzers, four 8-inch columbiads, one 10-inch columbiad, four 24-pounder siege guns, six 8-inch siege howitzers, and thirty-three field pieces. All the pieces are smooth-bores except nine of the field pieces. Part of the foregoing are mounted on unserviceable carriages, viz: Thirty-one 32-pounders, nine 8-inch sea-coast howitzers, two 8-inch columbiads, and one 10-inch columbiad.

Ammunition: There is an ample supply of ammunition for all the guns with an excess of solid shot and shell for some. For the field guns, with the exception of three or four pieces, there are over 200 rounds per gun, and for some of the calibers 300 rounds; for the siege pieces there are 250 rounds for each gun, and 350 for each howitzer; for the several pieces on sea-coast carriages the number of rounds per gun varies from 240 to 680. The ammunition appears in good condition; the magazines are dry, roomy, and well constructed; some are in need of repairs on the exterior.

My views with regard to certain improvements and modifications of the fortifications at Memphis and the armament places in them are briefly given in a letter addressed by me to Major-General Dana, dated the 14th instant, a duplicate of which is appended to this report.

Respectfully submitted:

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major General and Insp. General of Fortifications, Mil. Div. of West Miss.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, December 26, 1864.

Official copy respectfully furnishes Major-General Dana, commanding Department of Mississippi, for his information.

The outworks for Fort Pickering will at once be prepared. The projected defenses for the city will not be undertaken until after the security of the fort and the public supplies have been fully provided for.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

HELENA, ARK., December 14, 1864.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding Department of Mississippi, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to call your attention to the following suggestions as the result, stated in very brief terms, of my recent inspection of the defenses of Memphis, Tenn.:

My view as to the proper means of efficient defense for the position of Memphis were freely given to Colonel Lieb, inspector-general on your

