
NASHVILLE, December 14, 1864-8 p. m.

Major-General DODGE:

Your dispatch of 2 p. m. to-day received. Hope you will be able to get the three regiments of infantry off soon for Paducah.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 346. Saint Louis, Mo., December 14, 1864.

5. All orders heretofore issued from these headquarters directing the movement of the Forty-fifth, Forty-seventh, and Forty-eighth Missouri Volunteers hence to Louisville, Ky., are hereby so modified as to direct that the regiments named proceed at once by rail to Cairo, Ill., and report thence for orders to Brigadier-General Meredith, at Paducah, Ky. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * *

9. The orders heretofore issued from these headquarters with regard to the movement of Colonel Benteen's command without the limits of the department are hereby so modified as to direct that it proceed without delay by rail to Cairo, Ill., and thence to Smithland, Ky., to rejoin at that point the main portion of the Cavalry Division, Sixteenth Army Corps. Colonel Benteen upon arrival at Cairo will report by telegraph to Major-General Thomas, commanding Department of the Cumberland. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * *

By command of Major-General Dodge:

FRANK ENO,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, December 14, 1864.

For the purpose of making secure all military posts, railroad stations, and bridges, where troops are stationed, district commanders will cause good substantial stockades, block-houses, or forts to be built by the troops stationed at such places without delay. When necessary they may order citizens in the vicinity who are protected by Federal troops to assist in the construction of these works without compensation. Their location will be made having in view the command of the object for protection and security of the troops occupying them. A competent officer will be detailed by each district commander to aid in selecting and planning the works. No troops will be stationed at any point for any length of time without immediately complying with his order. When stockades or block-houses are built, a good substantial ditch will be made and the stockades or block-houses banked up with earth to the loop-holes. By proper exertion, and using the means at hand in all parts of the State, the works can be quickly built without cost to Government, and will render comparatively secure any detachment against any force liable to be

