
brought against it. District commanders will give prompt and immediate attention to this matter, reporting progress from time to time to these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, December 14, 1864.

General EWING,

Commanding:

There are in the sub-district four companies of six-months' volunteer Enrolled Missouri Militia. We need them. I recommend that they be kept until their time expires. One company of Enrolled Missouri Militia proper at Bloomfield; only part of them armed. They are not considered reliable, and we dare not arm them. I have them completing the fortifications; will be done soon. I recommend that they be mustered out when the fortifications are completed, which will be soon. If you could send me the three companies of my regiment now in Saint Louis I think it would not be necessary to call any more Enrolled Missouri Militia into service here. The Fifty-sixth, an excellent regiment, were mustered out at my instance, as they were farmers and their crops ungathered. If you cannot give me to the three companies, mentioned, I then recommend that two companies of the three-months' volunteer Enrolled Missouri Militia be called in from the Fifty-sixth Regiment. I would prefer my own men. I have here now about seventy cavalry for duty, hardly sufficient to escort to trains to my outposts.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

PILOT KNOB, December 14, 1864.

Lieutenant REID,

Patterson, Mo.:

I will send re-enforcements to Patterson as soon as possible. Keep me posted of any rebel force in that part of the district. Will send you the names of deserters as soon as I can get them.

A. W. MAUPIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

TIPTON, MO., December 14, 1864-4 p. m.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI:

GENERAL: No troops here yet. This station liable to be attacked at any hour by guerrillas. Under the circumstances I would respectfully request that I be relieved from duty as assistant provost-marshal at this station and allowed to report to my command.

J. M. GAVIN,

Lieutenant and Assistant Adjutant-General.

