SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 250. Warrensburg, Mo., December 14, 1864.

I. Lieutenant Colonel T. T. Crittenden, Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, is hereby assigned to duty and will relieve Captain R. L. Ferguson as commanding officer of the post of Warrensburg.

* * *

By order of Colonel John F. Philips, commanding:

J. H. STEGER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Saint Louis, Mo., December 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK, Macon:

Colonel Harding's regiment, it appears, is at Saint Joseph yet. There are no troops at Kansas City, where we have a large amount of commissary stores. Push Harding's regiment there immediately.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., December 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK, Macon:

Please say to General Dodge that I will move in the morning with what I have of six companies paroled. What is to be done with the other four companies? They desire to join me. Answer.

CHESTER HARDING, Jr.,

Colonel Forty-third Missouri Volunteers.
HDQRS. EIGHTH MIL. DIST., ENROLLED MISSOURI MILITIA,Columbia, Mo., December 14, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK, Macon, Mo.:

GENERAL: I would be much pleased if you would order the two companies of the Ninth Missouri State Militia into Howard and Boone Counties at once. There is plenty of work to do at this time that we cannot do with infantry. We have yet a few of Anderson's men among us, robbing and plundering. In addition, there are quite a number of persons living in different parts of Boone County that I am well satisfied have harbored and concealed these scoundrels for months past. I am satisfied further that large amounts of stolen goods can be found at am satisfied of their houses. I am exceedingly anxious to commence work. Let us give this county one good scouring and see if we cannot make it if for a white man to live in. The members of Company F, Ninth Missouri State Militia, know every hiding place in this county. I am much pleased with Captain Colbert, Forty-ninth Missouri Volunteers. He is a good man and has a good company of men, but our county is a very large county, and we require a cavalry force in addition. If you have the troops to spare I would like to have a company sent to Rocheport on the river. A company of infantry would do good service at that place.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

