
structed to proceed to Lake Fanny to ascertain whether or not the Chippewas are molesting or annoying the whites there [returned]. Sergeant Hakes reports as follows:

I proceeded to Lake Fanny, in the county; visited about nine or ten houses of armers; found that most of the men were absent in the service of the United States as soldiers. The inhabitants of all houses visited say that at present and lately the Chippewas were not troublesome, to their knowledge. This fall some of them grew impudent and impudent and annoying. They would enter houses when the grown people were impudent and annoying. They would enter houses when the grown people were gone, steal what they could get hold of, especially victuals; that in one instance some squaws went into a house, frightened the children (the parents being out in the field or elsewhere) by pointing knives at them and drawing the same across their (the children's) faces, bodies, and throats, giving them to understand by these and similar gestures that they would kill them, upon which they left, taking along all the cooked victuals they could find. Such and similar offenses are said to have been committed in the late part of fall. At present the Chippewas (encamped at the northeast end of Long Lake, numbering over 100) seem to be quiet, and no cause for complaint has been given lately by these Indians to the whites. The lake called by the settlers Lake Fanny is a small, round one, about half a mile across, and near to it, in northeast direction, and probably connected with it, is Long Lake, extending from southwest to northeast about six miles.

I have met at this place during the last [few] days, several times Chippewas from Snake River who come here because, as they say, there are no whites in that section of country with whom they could trade.

I have the honor to remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. HANLEY,

Captain Company M, Second Cavalry Minnesota Volunteers.

WASHINGTON, December 16, 1864-1.20 p.m.

(Received 26th.)

Major-General CANBY, New Orleans:

GENERAL: The arrival of Sherman's army at Savannah renders it unnecessary that you should keep supplies and troops to meet him on the Gulf coast. The Quartermaster-General has ordered the supplies in vessels at Pensacola to Hilton Head. The others will be at your disposal.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., December 16, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: General Davidson did not succeed in cutting the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, heavy and incessant rains having flooded the country to such an extent that it was impossible. He was provided with a pontoon train, but it could not be used east of Pearl River, as all the streams were so high that the bottom lands were flooded. He encountered but few troops, but captured five officers and thirty men, and lost about half that number. General Granger will attempt to cut the Mobile and Montgomery road between the Tensas Station and Pollard, and will send an expedition against the Mobile and Ohio road from Point Aupin. General Dana has been re-enforced at Memphis by 6,000 infantry, and in addition to the cavalry taken by him from Vicksburg I will send him 1,200 or 1,500 from the cavalry reserve as soon as it returns from Pascagoula.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

