HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION ON WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., December 16, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Mil. Div. of West Miss., New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I have the honor to submit to your consideration a statement of the information received at this office this 16th day of December, 1864, from the following source, statement of Thomas M. Crosby, Second Texas Infantry, relative to Galveston, Tex.:

There are about 3,000 troops in the defenses around the city, General Hawes commanding. Colonel Cook's regiment heavy artillery, 800 strong; Colonel Elmore's regiment heavy artillery, 800 strong, both regiments armed with Enfield rifles; Colonel Bradford's cavalry, 400 strong, armed with carbines, pistols, and sabers: Waul's Legion armed with Enfield rifles, 350 strong; Hobby's regiment, dismounted cavalry, strength unknown.

Defenses: The only chance in the defenses of Galveston is the erection of two works in the rear of the city, one mounting two guns; number of guns in the other unknown. Informant had no knowledge of the location obstructions and torpedoes in the channel. Blockade running had been brisk but is now somewhat restricted. There is signal communication between the city and the various points on the island and Pelican Spit and Bolivar Point.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK W. MARSTON,

Major and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV., OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 125. New Orleans, La., December 16, 1864.

1. Captain John W. Todd, ordnance department, U. S. Army, will proceed to Memphis, Tenn., and make a thorough inspection of the armament of Fort Pickering, with a view that necessary measures may be taken to render it serviceable without delay. On the completion of this duty he will return to this city and submit a full report through the chief of artillery and ordnance of the division.

* * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

New Orleans, La., December 16, 1864.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding District of West Florida and South Alabama:

SIR: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of yesterday. In my last dispatch I had the honor to indicate the commanding general's wishes in regard to General Davidson's cavalry. He does not consider it expedient now to change his views in regard thereto; the cavalry must return as soon as transportation is ready, but while waiting it may be used in such

