
operations as will not conflict with the instructions already given. The infantry you ask for cannot be furnished at present; whatever can be spared is wanted, together with a portion of cavalry, to operate against Hood's communications in Tennessee; this in obedience to direct orders from the Headquarters of the Army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Memphis, Tenn., December 16, 1864.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Department of Arkansas:

I have sent you a cipher dispatch to-day. When it becomes proper to spare the two brigades of the Reserve Corps now here, and your order them elsewhere, I hope you will then relieve immediately my two colored regiments which you have at Saint Charles. I shall be very greatly in need of them. The garrison of this place is deficient. When you relieve them please order the Sixty-sixth to Vicksburg and the other regiment here. I am greatly perplexed by the War Department Orders, Numbers 285, and confess I hardly know what action to take. I have no idea of exhibiting any disrespect to the printed orders of the President or the War Department, but I have the mortification of discovering that my whole policy under the orders of General Canby is capsized and apparently unappreciated in Washington. I ask you to write me fully on the subject; give me your view and what consolation you can. Have you received the order? If so, what have you done? I have fought the thing off thus far and postponed all action, saying that I am awaiting orders from Canby. Until I receive his instructions I am unable to adopt any line of policy on the river.

Very truly,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., December 16, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock, Ark.:

SIR: I have sent a flat-boat down to the wrecked steamer Doane to load with supplies to be towed up with mules. I wish to try the experiment and trust it will be successful. I have already sent down a train of about 100 wagons with two regiments as escort. Will the general reoccupy Dardanelle? I wish he would. We can freight much easier from Dardanelle than from any point on the north side of the river, as it saves the difficulties of ferriage, and your lightest boats can oftentimes run to Dardanelle. I shall shortly reoccupy Clarksville. We want to see some paymaster hugely. Everybody hard up for funds.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

