
CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE TRANS-MISSISSIPPI. [CHAP. LIII.

Saint Louis, Mo., December 16, 1864.

The following communication is published for the information of all concerned:
HEADQUARTERS ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,Rock Island, Ill., December 14, 1864.

Major-General DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to respectfully bring to your notice the following facts, and beg of you to use such method as you see proper to promulgate it to the people of Missouri having friends in this military prison. Many persons from Missouri are daily visiting this place for the purpose of seeing their friends, prisoners here, and of obtaining their release, also of leaving provisions, clothing, and money for them. As the regulations governing depots of prisoners of war do not seem to be know to them, a great expense and disappointment would be saved could they know the following, facts:

First. All applications, requests, and petitions for the release of a prisoner of war must be made to His Excellency the President or the honorable Secretary of War, they alone having the power to release a prisoner of war after he is once transferred to a depot under the charge of the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

Second. No interviews are permitted with the prisoners under any circumstances whatever, unless the prisoner is seriously ill in hospital; and then the nearest of kin, viz, wife, mother, farther, brother, or sister may have short interviews with them if they are loyal people.

Third. No provisions are allowed to be received by the prisoner unless he is sick, and it is recommended by the surgeon in charge.

Fourth. Necessary clothing can be sent in limited quantities and of gray cloth. If the prisoners are in need of it, it will be delivered to them; if they have plenty on hand, it is distributed among the poor prisoners.

Fifth. Money in any amount can be sent to them, which could be done by express. Prisoners are allowed to spend such money in the purchase of different articles.

Sixth. Letters can be written them without let or hinderance, the writes conning themselves to one page. The address should be the name, Prisoner of War, Barracks No.-, Rock Island Barracks, Ill. Those who visit this depot under any circumstances should come provided with documents regarding their loyalty, as no notice or facilities will be given to any person whatsoever unless they can prove themselves to be worthy of such attention.

Feeling that this information could do much good if it was generally known, it is respectfully submitted for your favorable consideration.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

A. J. JOHNSON,

Colonel Fourth Regimental Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 348. Saint Louis, Mo., December 16, 1864.

* * *

16. The Second Missouri Cavalry will report by telegraph to Brigadier-General Meredith, at Paducah, Ky., on its arrival at Cairo, Ill., instead of as provided in Special Orders, Numbers 341, current series, from these headquarters. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation by boat or rail as the case may require, the regiment to be moved immediately.

* * *

By command of Major-General Dodge.

J. W. BARNES,Assistant Adjutant-General.

