
Cavalry in place of the First Texas Cavalry. The commanding officer of the Twelfth Illinois Cavalry will report his regiment to General Bailey accordingly.

IV. Colonel E. J. Davis, First Texas Cavalry, is hereby assigned to the command of the brigade composed of the First Texas, Second Illinois and Fourth Wisconsin Regiments of Cavalry. The commanding officers of those regiments will report to him accordingly.

V. Cols. John G. Fonda, One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Mounted Infantry, and Hasbrouck Davis, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, will report, without delay, to Bvt. Brigadier General Joseph Bailey for duty.

VI. Colonel Abraham Bassford, Fourteenth New York Cavalry, is hereby relieved from the command of the Second Brigade, Second Division, and will, without delay, assume command of the brigade composed of the Sixth Missouri and Fourteenth New York Regiments of Cavalry, and ordered to report at East Pascagoula to Major General Gordon Granger, commanding District of West Florida and South Alabama, for duty.

VII. Colonel M. H. Chrysler, Second New York Veteran Cavalry, will proceed, without delay, to Morganza, La., and put in readiness for embarkation with their regiments all officers and enlisted men of the Second New York [Veteran] and First Louisiana Cavalry Regiments who were left at that place when the command marched or have since arrived there.

VIII. Seven days' leave of absence is hereby granted to Lieutenant Colonel A. L. Gurney, Second New York Veteran Cavalry, at the expiration of which period he will rejoin his regiment.

IX. Colonel D. B. Bush, Second Illinois Cavalry, provost-marshal-general Cavalry Forces, will proceed by the first steamer to New Orleans La., with such prisoners of war as he may have under his charge, and such citizens as may be designation by the commanding general. Arriving at New Orleans, Colonel Bush will turn over his prisoner to the provost-marshal-general Military Division of West Mississippi, with a roll of their names giving the offenses with which they are charged, and will then await further orders from the general commanding in that city.

X. Captain H. H. Rottaken, Sixth Missouri Cavalry, is, at his own request, relieved from duty as acting assistant inspector-general of the First Division, Cavalry Forces, and will rejoin his regiment without unnecessary delay.

XI. Lieutenant Colonel John L. Haynes, First Texas Cavalry, will proceed without delay to Morganza, La., and take charge of that portion of the regiment, with the records, &amp;c., which were left at that place when the command marched.

XII. The following-named officers of the Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry are hereby relived from duty with their regiment, and will in person, without delay, to Bvt. Brigadier General Joseph Bailey for assignment to duty: Captain G. C. Pierce, Company D; First Lieutenant T. W. Gillette, regimental commissary.

XIII. The following-named commissioned officers of the Sixth Missouri Cavalry are hereby relieved from duty with that portion of the regiment ordered to report to Major-General Granger, and will proceed without delay to Baton Rouge, La., and join the main portion of their regiment now at that place: Surg. B. K. Shurtleff, First Lieutenant S. M. Wood, regimental quartermaster.

XIV. Company A, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, is relieved from escort duty at these headquarters and will report through its commanding officer for duty with the regiment, without unnecessary delay. In reliev-

