
ing this company the general commanding desires to express his thanks to both officers and men for the faithful and efficient manner in which they have performed their duties while serving as his escort.

By order of Brigadier-General Davidson:

A. S. MONTGOMERY,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKLIN CREEK, MISS., December 17, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that we are at this point, twelve miles from East Pascagoula. Our landing and progress thus far seems to have been entirely unexpected by the enemy, who is reported to have moved all his forces in the direction of Pollard, which point, it is reported, was occupied by U. S. forces last Thursday. This information I have gathered from persons and letters which have fallen persons and letters which have fallen into my hands, and, if true, I presume the forces at Pollard are those commanded by Colonel Robinson. Our position here is very strong. At Good's Mill, on Dog River, one mile from here, which mill is now in our possession there is a large quantity (2,000,000 feet) of good lumber, and valuable machinery. There are also two or three miles with a quantity of lumber below this.

I would suggest to the major-general commanding that more troops be sent here, and that General Davidson be ordered to join me with his forces also.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, December 17, 1864.

Major JAMES E. MONTGOMERY,

Asst. Adjt. General Dist. of West Florida and South Alabama:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding District of West, Florida, and South Alabama that a scout, considered very reliable, came in from the neighborhood of Pollard, night before last, and reported that there are (or were a few days since) about 2,000 rebel troops, without artillery, in that part of the country- part at Pollard and part this side. His report is corroborated, to some extent, by the statements of deserters from the enemy, who have come in here. They also report a few companies, with four pieces of artillery, intrenched at Marianna. I sent the scout to Colonel Robinson, in command of the expedition, in order that he might have the benefit of the information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., December 17, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,

Little Rock, Ark.:

Your dispatch of the 13th, by telegraph, forwarded from Lewisburg, is received. I have but 100 teams. Ninety-five of them are now down

