
compensation. A good substantial ditch will be made and the block-house banked up with earth to the loop-holes. You will report progress from time to time to these headquarters.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to commanding officer detachment Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry, Saint James Iron-Works, and commanding officer at Saint James.)

HEADQUARTER DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,

In the Field, Sedalia, Mo., December 17, 1864-12 m.

Major-General DODGE:

An assistant provost-marshal has lately been established at Tipton, and since the difficulty the Forty-fifth [Missouri] has been withdrawn from the district. There are no troops at Tipton, and the cavalry at my command does not admit that I should send a force there. My opinion is that the assistant provost-marshal at Jefferson can attend to the district over which the assistant at Tipton has jurisdiction, and as a provost-marshal is required at Kansas City, and I have no suitable office to recommend for that position, it is suggested that Lieutenant Gavin, at Tipton, be sent to Kansas City.

J. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding District.

MACON, MO., December 17, 1864-11 a. m.

Major-General DODGE:

Glory to God, and hurrah for General Thomas!

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 17, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas:

SIR: Yours of the 5th instant came to hand a few days ago. I am gratified that Colonel Ford's regiment has moved toward the plains. Hope they may get a chance at the hostile Indians, and that they may be sent to the Colorado side of the plains, as the time of our 100-days' regiment is about up and we will be almost without troops. It would be much cheaper and better every way to keep such Indians as surrender on the frontier of Kansas that at Lyon or any other point across the plains. The paper you indorsed for me, with your letter, have been laid before the Secretary of War. The Secretary of the Interior also recommended this winter campaign. The Secretary has told me that when a decision was made he would inform you. I am extremely anxious to know the result and would be thankful for the information as soon as you can give it. Every report from the plains confirms the necessity of active hostilities as the savages become more and more troublesome.

Thanking you for the earnest interest and co-operation in the great work of securing peace on the plains.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. EVANS,

Governor of Colorado Territory.

