
LEXINGTON, October 18, 1864--8 p. m.

General SANBORN:

I sent you the following dispatch yesterday; have received no answer. Arrived here to-day 2 p. m. It is important that I know your position and contemplated movements. Please answer.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

P. S.--Price and Shelby are in force in the vicinity of Waverly.

J. G. B.

HOLDEN, October 17, 1864--2 p. m.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

I have just arrived here from Pleasant Hill with 2,000 cavalry and nine pieces of artillery. It is reported that the force that captured Sedalia on the 15th entered Warrensburg last night. Militia evacuated, and I met them going west to-day. I have sent a scout to Warrensburg (fourteen miles east), and shall remain here until I hear from that place. My opinion is that the enemy are not at Warrensburg in much force, but that the force that captured Sedalia have moved toward Lexington to join Price's main column. If so, I shall move north toward Lexington to-night, and hope to be able to open communication with you. It is important that we unite our forces as soon as possible and operate vigorously against Price on the offensive. General Curtis and myself have 8,000 more troops in Jackson County and sixteen pieces of artillery that can be brought up readily to our support. If this dispatch reaches you please let me know at once the strength of your force, your locality, and movements, and all information respecting the enemy. It is of the utmost importance that the forces from the east and the west unite their line and co-operate with each other. If this is done, and we act vigorously, Price cannot escape.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SEVENTH MILITARY DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, October 18, 1864.

Captain FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

I am in receipt of reliable information that Colonel Harding was defeated by and surrendered to a superior force of rebels at Glasgow Saturday last. Major Deagle is said to have surrendered Carrollton yesterday morning. I have a force to retake Carrollton, but fear it is not strong enough. In addition to the militia I have less than 500 troops in the district, no artillery, and small-arms exhausted. Can I not be re-enforced, and speedily?

JAS. CRAIG,

Brigadier-General, Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HDQRS. SEVENTH MILITARY DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, October 18, 1864.

General C. B. FISK,

Jefferson City:

Harding was whipped at Glasgow and believed to have surrendered on Saturday. Deagle is reported to have surrendered Carrollton yesterday. Dispatch from Clay says 500 armed Confederates and guerrillas

