HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., December 17, 1864.

Captain ELISHA HAMMER,

Commanding Post, Salina:

CAPTAIN: The major commanding directs that you send some good and reliable man over to the neighborhood or vicinity where you saw that encampment of Indians which you mentioned in your report of the 13th instant, to find out if they are there yet, and if he finds them let him report directly to these headquarters. I would suggest that some good and reliable citizen would be the best to send, and that there should be two of them, so that there can be no mistake in regard to the information. The portion of the Second Colorado Cavalry now in this district will in all probability be placed on duty in the district, and then a movement will be made against them. You should kee yourself and these headquarters advised with regard to the encampment, and any movement upon their part should be communicated to these headquarters immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE POLK COUNTY PRESS,

Osceola Mills, Polk Cavalry, Wis., December 17, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

Commanding Department of Minnesota, Headquarters Saint Paul:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that your favor of the 8th instant was duly received, and after taking sufficient time to inform myself of the wishes of our people I would in answer simply state the prevailing sentiment now and my own sentiments upon the subject is in harmony with the rest. Your forces stationed at Chengwatona are sufficient to afford all the protection needed in that quarter, and perhaps in case of any disturbance in our county would be available, but they would be obliged to make long marches if called upon to aid our authorities. The excitement among the people is dying out again, and all will remain quiet until some fresh outrage is committed. Under your restrictions it seems that nothing can be done until some fresh crime is committed. Perhaps a small force of cavalry stationed at Sunrise, Chisago County, would be in closer proximity to our settlements and be more available in case they were needed. We have all become satisfied that there is but one way to get rid of the nuisance, and that is by their removal, which we hope will soon be done. A strong effort will be made this winter to accomplish this. Our Governor is pledged to do all he can for that purpose, and our local authority will urge the matter. As regards selling liquors to Indians we believe that most of that traffic is carried on by persons in Taylor's Falls, Minn. It being out of our State we can do nothing except prosecute them in their own State, where they would probably get clear. As you know, the law in such cases in hard to enforce. I can only add that in case any fresh outrage is committed that I will promptly inform you of the facts, &amp;c.

If there is anything needed in this matter our people will not hesitate to call upon you.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

SAM. S. FIFIELD, Jr.,

Editor Press.

