
Buttes, within sight of the eastern boundary of Montana, the expedition was attacked by Indians. Forming an intrenched camp Captain Fisk awaited re-enforcements from General Sully, which in a few days arrived with orders to escort the emigrants back to Fort Rice. He reports that most of the emigrants returned to the States, and that he provided winter quarters at Fort Rice for his entire train, together with the property belonging to the expedition.

Major H. E. Maynadier, Twelfth U. S. Infantry, was assigned to the route "from Niobrara, on the Missouri River, by the valley of the Niobrara and Gallatin, in Idaho." He received his instructions the 16th of May. Starting from Dubuque, Iowa, on the 16th of June with only a small proportion of the number of men required for the escort, he reached Sioux City on the 14th of July, and there found himself "utterly unable to raise a party even as large as twenty-five," owing, as the thinks, to the fact that most of the class of men of which such expeditions are composed had gone with General Sully against the Indians. " Under these circumstances and in consideration of the fact that the main object of the expedition, viz, protection of emigrants, could not be carried out for the reason that there were no emigrants to protect," Major Maynadier determined to sell the property and disband the party.

It appears from the foregoing facts that two of the three expeditions set on foot under the act of March 3, 1864, were of no use in protecting emigrants "to the States and Territories of the Pacific." It is supposed that a great part of the appropriations for the two routes, $10,000 for each, should remain unexpended, but the accounts have not yet come to hand.

I have the honor, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., December 19, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Mil. Div. of West Miss., New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I have the honor to submit to your consideration a statement of the information received at this office this 19th day of December, 1864, from the following sources, a report Lieutenant William Argo, assistant provost-marshal, Sedalia, Mo., December 5, 1864; a report from Lieutenant G. G. Curtis, Baton Rouge, La., December 14, 1864:

Missouri: The section of the State around Sedalia is unusually quiet. A few bushwhackers infest the Central District, and in Howard County several bands of rebel depredators are reported; otherwise, the State is at present quite free from disturbance.

Eastern Louisiana: General Hodge still commands the rebel district of East Louisiana. Colonel Jack Scott commands forces in the field, and is now arming a portion of his command to harass General Davidson. Since General Lee's expedition to Liberty the rebel forces have been considerably scattered. Their present effective strength is not far from 500 men.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK W. MARSTON,

Major and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.

