HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., December 19, 1864.

Brigadier General T. W. SHERMAN,

Commanding Defenses of New Orleans:

SIR: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that the cavalry and artillery force which left Baton Rouge on the 27th ultimo and arrived at West Pascagoula on the 13th is now embarking at that point for this city. They will be landed at Hickory Landing and marched across to Greenville, at which place they will remain until the whole force has been collected and their further disposition decided upon. The force numbers about 4,000, and it will probably require some ten days before the transfer is complete.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EAST PASCAGOULA,December 19, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have just received a dispatch from Major-General Granger, in which he states that he occupies a very strong position on Franklin Creek, twelve miles from this point on the Mobile road. The enemy appeared yesterday afternoon immediately in front of our picket-line, with a force of about 300 cavalry and with a section of artillery; but after a little skirmish he retired very hastily in the direction of Mobile. Only one man was wounded on our side; loss of the enemy unknown. From a captured mail we learn that Pollard was taken by our forces from Pensacola on Friday last, and the railroad in that neighborhood destroyed. General Granger also writes that there is a very large amount of choice lumber at the several saw-mills on the Pascagoula River, all of which is now in our possession. The river, however, is so very tortuous that it is almost impossible for the larger gun-boats to navigate it. The tin-clads made one trip to the point where the left of the line rests, and were much damaged by the snags and trees along the shores. General Granger desires a small tug-boat, of light draught, not only to assist in getting out this lumber, but also for the purpose of conveying supplies to such points on the river as are accessible to our lines. With such a boast he can obtain millions of feet of most excellent lumber. Our land transportation is so much reduced that a tug of this description would aid materially in supplying the troops. General Granger further states that the troops are in excellent condition, and apparently anxious to meet the enemy. Believing that this report may be of interest to the commanding general, I have taken the liberty to forward it to you direct.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. E. MONTGOMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

