
[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C.,Little Rock, Ark., January 5, 1865.

Respectfully returned.

It is not apparent that any benefit to the service would result from carrying out General Davidson's request. Much detriment to discipline would probably result, as the regiments reporting to an officer not in the department would become indifferent to department orders. Every energy of the department will be exerted to make all the cavalry efficient at the earliest moment practicable, and to keep it so. If a certain amount of cavalry is at any time wanted the department commander is considered the proper person to designate what regiments should fill the call. The proposition is disapproved.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAV., MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., December 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General BAILEY,

Commanding, West Pascagoula:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Dispatches will be sent General Granger directing him to let the cavalry at West Pascagoula alone, except the two regiments ordered by me to report to him, viz, the Sixth Missouri and the Fourteenth New York; also to send one regiment of infantry there until the cavalry is all embarked. I shall not be back for several days, and the general wishes you to hurry the embarking as fast as possible. Colonel Sawtelle, chief quartermaster, has been directed to send all the available transportation and barges at once, and the General Banks will tow them over. You had better send out frequent patrols toward Ocean Springs and Bluff and Red Creeks to watch any movement of the enemy. These had better come from Colonel E. J. Davis' command. The pontoon bridge must be laid well out so as to give as much wharf as possible. I have told the general how much I am indebted to you for your support during our laborious march, and he is much pleased. You will always have a large cavalry command, and none of these regiments will ever go back to Baton Rouge.

Yours, most truly,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAV., MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., October 19, 1864.

Colonel E. J. DAVIS,

Commanding Brigade, Cavalry Reserve:

COLONEL: So soon as the division of General Bailey shall have embarked, you will commence the embarkation of your own brigade, and the artillery and pontoon train for Lakeport. The artillery had better be embarked, one battery first, and the other last in order, as there will be a regiment of infantry to support it sent over by General Granger. The pontoon train, being used as a wharf, will have to come last of all. Two of my staff officers, Captain Thompson, subsistence

