
department, and Captain Johnson, acting assistant quartermaster, will remain and supply your wants. Captain Hawes, assistant quartermaster, is in charge of all the water transportation sent over. Colonel Sawtelle, chief quartermaster, has been directed by the general commanding to send over all the available transportation and barges that can be spared. The Banks will probably tow over the barges.

Very respectfully,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., December 19, 1864.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding Dist. of West Fla. and S. Ala., East Pascagoula, Miss.:

SIR: I am directed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communication transmitted by the hands of General Davidson. It is entirely impossible to send you any more infantry, and the commanding general instructs me to reiterate his wishes that none of the cavalry at West Pascagoula be used for any purpose that might delay their return a single hour. For this purpose you are requested to render all assistance in your power, and as soon as so much cavalry has been shipped as to render the remaining force at West Pascagoula too weak to hold the position with safety, you will please to send a regiment of infantry, which will remain there until the last of the force has embarked. It is also that at least one of the two tin-clads which have recently been withdrawn from West Pascagoula should remain there until the place has been evacuated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOUTH OF WHITE RIVER, ARK., December 19, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Arrived here this morning at 5 o'clock. Henry Ames, with Captain Melville on board, came in shortly after us and has gone up river. Found Major-General Gillmore here; he goes to Department of Arkansas and thence to New Orleans. Nothing of interest to report. Will be off soon for Devall's Bluff. Have this moment learned that General Steele and staff are on White River en route to New Orleans. Will meet him as I go up.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., December 19, 1864.

Captain LEGRAND BENEDICT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Little Rock:

Captain Flesher, with 200 men of Ninth Kansas, has returned from Cache River. He reached Hall's Landing yesterday at 2 p. m. The

