
Idaho got there this morning at 8, but apprehending a great rise of the bayous on the other side from the heavy rain that has fallen, he reluctantly abandoned a farther advance. Under the circumstances, I think it best he has returned. In going up the river yesterday the Idaho was hailed by a man who inquired if she had come up with salt and for cotton. The guard halted him, but he ran. They fired and killed him, and took his body, on which was a knife and squirrel rifle. The Idaho started back this morning.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, RESERVE CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

Memphis, Tenn., December 19, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. C. MATTHEWS,

Commanding Ninety-ninth Illinois Volunteers:

The general commanding directs that you move with your regiment to Buntyn's Station to-morrow, taking with you all your camp and garrison equipage, except sufficient for the convalescents and camp guards left behind. Your quartermaster will remain in camp, with instructions to look after your train and see that the necessary supplies for the approaching expedition are provided and taken out, to rejoin you when the main column shall move, probably on the 21st. The object in sending you to Buntyn's is to give protection to the working parties engaged in repairing the railroad and the general wishes you to take such measures to this end as you may find necessary. You will be watchful and vigilant in guarding against attack or surprise from the enemy, and will report daily the condition of affairs in your front and vicinity. If from any cause the expedition not move, you will, of course, received orders to return immediately to camp. A train of cars sufficient for the transportation of your command will be on the track in front of your regiment at 8 o'clock in the morning, at which hour you will have everything in readiness and move promptly.

With high regard, your obedient servant,

B. WILSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., December 19, 1864-7 p. m.

Major-General STEELE,

Commanding Department of Arkansas, Little Rock:

Your dispatch of the 13th has been received and I have sent you an answer to the same by return of messenger who left here this morning at 7 o'clock, but fearing that he may be delayed by the high water I send this down the river in a yawl. The river is rising very rapidly. It has risen eight feet in the last twenty-four hours, and still rising rapidly at the rate of not less than three inches per hour. It is nearly as high as it has been at any time this summer. Can you not send up some boats? They will be needed. Please send fifty tons of forage for my trains going down.

Respectfully,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

