
pany, we will say that they have already captured a man who has heretofore disturbed the peace of our county to the extent of his ability, and that they are now at work building a block-house for their protection in case of emergency. We think there are but few brushmen in the county, not exceeding twenty or thirty all told. There was a squad who passed through the county some two weeks ago. They were six in number, but who they were or to whom they claimed to belong we are unable to state. They killed Mr. Piper of our county, a very estimate man from the start. They also hung a negro man who had formerly been a slave of the notorious Clay Price. Why they hung the negro we are unable to say, except that Price himself may have directed it to be done. The last that was heard of this band they had crossed the North Missouri Railroad going toward Callaway or Boone County. The other bands that are in the county have not killed anybody, but content themselves with stealing such property as they may fancy. The draft for this county took place on the 15th ultimo; our quota was 153 and we are glad to say that it is full, or nearly so, and that we will not have to resort to a supplemental draft to fill our quota. Some of our citizens who were drafted left for California, Canada, &amp;c., but most of them either furnished a substitute or went into the service. We think, general, that our county deserves some credit for the way that she has responded to the draft.

We look to next spring and summer with serious concern. We fear that we shall not be able to keep our county clear of bushwhackers and thieves. There are portions of our county very favorable places for them to hide. We have no hope of keeping our county clear of these outlaws, except we can get the whole county organized into some kind of military organization, for we feel confident that the people of the county can stop bushwhackers if we can get them organized, armed, and aroused. In parts of the county the people are favorable to organizing, but in other parts there has been little or no action taken to organize the people to resist and exterminate bushwhackers, but we have a hope, general, that by proper exertion we can by spring get up an effective organization, and upon this point, general, we would be glad to hear from you as to the best way of organizing an effective force. Although there is no immediate danger, yet we think the thing ought to be attended to now, and not off till spring, for if we are ready early in the spring we can then pick up the men who come here to recruit while they are weak; but if we wait until spring, then they have an even start with us. We hope to see our county redeemed next summer, but to realize this hope we must be ready by spring. Will you be kind enough to give us any advice that your experience will show that we are in need of.

We have the honor to be, general, yours, truly,

F. C. FOX,

E. W. McBRIDE,

A. M. ALEXANDER,

Central Committee for Monroe County, Mo.

KANSAS CITY, December 19, 1864.

Captain G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Northern Missouri:

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 15th instant I left Saint Joseph with 130 officers and men belonging to the six companies of the

