
the rebellion, but nearly all of them have been quiet and cultivated their farms during last year, expecting the protection of U. S. troops. Jennison crossed Coon Creek with as many as 200 head of stock cattle, half of them fit for good beef, 200 sheep, 40 or 50 yoke of work oxen, 20 or 30 wagons, and a large number of horses, jacks jennets, say 100, as they were leading many of their broken-down horses and riding fresh ones. The Fifteenth Kansas had nearly all this property, and the men said they had taken it in Missouri. There are cases where the men tore the clothing off of women in search of money, and threatening to burn houses in order to get money is the common practice. They acted worse than guerrillas. Can the stock be returned to this department so that the owners can get their property?

Respectfully,

GREEN C. STOTTS,

Captain, Commanding Company C, Seventh Enrolled Missouri Militia, in the U. S. Service.

Indorsed as follows:

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., November 14, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Rosecrans, commanding Department of the Missouri, with the recommendation that the pay of this regiment within-named a commission and that the amount lost be deducted from the pay account of the regiment and be paid over to the parties who have sustained the loss. The citizens are loyal and have raised their crops at great risk and in great danger and deserve protection.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, MO., December 1, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Major General S. R. Curtis, commanding Department of Kansas.

The recommendation of General Sanborn is approved.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, December 16, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Blunt, commanding District of South Kansas.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

I. It is therefore ordered that all payments now due the Fifteenth Regiment Kansas Volunteers be postponed until further orders from these headquarters or from some superior authority, with the view to ascertain by proper investigation who are the parties responsible for the depredations committed upon loyal citizens of Missouri, as set forth in the communication of Captain Stotts, and to have the damages assessed on the pay-rolls against the guilty parties to indemnify those who have sustained losses as alleged.

II. The general commanding very much regrets that, after the successful termination of the campaign against the rebel army under General Price, any portion of his command, when intrusted to return to their respective stations as independent detachments, should so conduct themselves as to render their acts a matter of investigation. But the rights of those whom it is alleged have been the victims of vandalism at the hands of those to whom they had a right to look for protection, as well as the interest of the Government, the discipline of the

