
army, and the honor and reputation of a portion of the regiment referred to, and other troops comprising the First Division, Army of the Border, requires a thorough investigation of the foregoing allegations, that injured loyal citizens may be redressed and deserved punishment prescribed for the guilty parties.

By command of Major-General Blunt:

GEO S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOUND CITY, December 19, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am informed unofficially that the pay of the Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry is stopped for acts said to have been committed on the return march of my brigade from the Arkansas River to Fort Scott. The Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry present with the brigade numbered at the time referred to about 120 men. The greater portion of the command consisted of the Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, the First Colorado and Ninth Wisconsin Batteries, and a part of the Fourteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry. I believe it would be a great injustice to the soldiers to have the pay stopped, as they are greatly in need of it, and I further believe that no acts were committed on any loyal citizens during the march referred to which would justify a stoppage of the pay. Whatever property was destroyed or burned on the march referred to was done by the order of the major-general commanding the division. The soldiers should not suffer for carrying out the orders of their superiors. Please notify me if you have any official information of the stoppage of the pay of the regiment.

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry (in arrest).

MOUND CITY, KANS., December 19, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth:

SIR: I have the honor to call the attention of the general commanding the department to the fact that the pay of the brave and true boys of the Fifteenth, who were with him and who made the entire trip after General Price, is stopped on account of depredations said to have been committed by them at or near Newtonia. In regard to this matter I have but this to say: The entire strength of the Fifteenth at that time, with the First Brigade, did not exceed 125 men. The brigade consisted of the Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, numbering about 300, the First Colorado and Ninth Wisconsin Batteries, also detachments of the Fourteenth Kansas and Third Wisconsin Cavalry, also a train of about 200 wagons. And now the 125 men of the Fifteenth are held responsible for the acts of the entire brigade. In the first place, let me say that the country in which the acts are said to have been committed is at the present time, and has been for the past two years, unsafe for any small command of Government soldiers to pass through. I was placed in command of a brigade 200 miles away from its base of supplies without subsistence of forage, dependent wholly upon the country through which we passed for supplies. It has ever been my

