
policy, and still is, to protect the Government and soldiers even to the sacrifice of rebels and their sympathizers, as this captain is upon whose affidavit this action is based. My command many of them had been without food for five or six days, except beef. Further, let me say that my orders from the general commanding the First Division, Army of the Border, through his regular staff officer, in presence of at least ten officers of my brigade, was to desolate the country from the Arkansas River to Fort Scott, and burn house on the route. For simply carrying out in part these instructions the enlisted men who have battled for the cause of our country so nobly are to suffer. As regards the acts that were said to have been committed, they are but light, and all stock taken from the enemy has been or will be properly accounted for by the quartermaster in charge. All that I ask is that justice may be done the soldiers of my command. My orders, as will be seen, are very strict, and before any commission the officers and men would be exonerated from all blame whatever, I think. After we left the Arkansas River the Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry was under the immediate command of Lieutenant Colonel George H. Hoyt, but I take the same interest in it as though I had been its immediate commander myself. It also seems strange that no other regiment or command of my brigade should have their pay stopped, while I am certain the Fifteenth are much less censurable than other commands of my brigade. There has been evinced on the part of certain officer in this district a feeling to crush out the Fifteenth, and I must say that if there is any such feeling to be carried out I hope it will be against me and the officers, in place of the enlisted men.

Hoping the general commanding the department will in this case, as in all previous ones, give it his personal attention and see that justice is done all parties, I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry (in arrest).
HEADQUARTERS POST,Salina, Kans., December 19, 1864.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Upper Ark., Fort Riley, Kans.:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to honor to state that on the 16th instant I sent Sergt. Malcom P. Doud and seven men of Company G, Seventh Iowa Volunteers Cavalry, to scout the country in regard to Indians. They proceed as far as Spring Creek, a tributary of Salt Creek, and southwest to Saline River, and down said river to this place. They saw no Indians. They were within about ten miles of where they were encamped. They report that they saw smoke about the same place where they were. I sent one corporal and two men to-day to Fort Solomon with instructions to get Abraham White and Mr. Ingersoll (citizens) to go with them and to see whether the Indians are still at same place If not there to find their location and strength, if possible. The corporal and one of the citizens will report to you if they find them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELISHA HAMMER,

Captain Company G, Seventh Iowa Vol. Cavalry, Commanding Post.

