
West Louisiana: The Twenty-third Texas Cavalry left the line of the Atchafalaya for Alexandria on the 12th instant. The Second Louisiana Cavalry arrived at the Atchafalaya on the 13th or 14th instant, and, posting one company at Morgan's Ferry, departed for Alexandria. The negroes through this section and around Grossetete are being conscripted any sent to Alexandria, either to fortify that point, or, as is strenuously asserted, to be organized and armed. There seems to be a concentration of troops to a certain extent at Alexandria. It is reported to be for the purpose of fortifying. General Buckner commands there. General Bagby is four miles south of Alexandria. General Debray has left the Atchafalaya and moved above Alexandria.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK W. MARSTON,

Major, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIV., SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,

Devall's Bluff, Ark., December 20, 1864.

The brigadier-general commanding is gratified to announce to the troops that the scouts from this post during the past five or six weeks have captured 80 prisoners, including 14 commissioned officers; also a number of serviceable horses, besides destroying several small-arms and other contraband property. The sagacity and energy displayed by the officers and men who have accomplished this have been such that the only loss or accident we have sustained in the operations was that of one man, Private John Red, Squadron H, Ninth Kansas Cavalry Volunteers, who was accidentally drowned on the passage up White River on a transport.

By order of Brigadier General C. C. Andrews:

GEORGE MONROE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT RESERVE CORPS,MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

Memphis, Tenn., December 20, 1864.

Colonel B. DORNBLASER,

Commanding Detachment Second Brigade:

The general commanding directs that you move with your command to White's Station, on the Mobile and Charleston Railroad, a distance of nine miles, where you will encamp for the night. In the morning, when the cavalry have passed, you will resume your march, and half for the night at Germantown, where you will await the arrival of the main column. Take with you your train and supplies for the expedition. Please report to the general in person before you start.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. WILSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., December 20, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICERS,

Newtonia and Neosho:

Information has been received from department headquarters of reported rebel movements in the extreme southwest part of the district,

