
with directions to keep scouts out in that direction, and to report all information obtained promptly. The bearer is in Government employ. You will assist him in any manner he may need, and co-operate with him in every possible way. Use every endeavor to obtain information of any sort that is reliable and forward it by courier to Mount Vernon, with request that it be forwarded from there at once.

By order of Colonel J. J. Gravely, commanding district:

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MACON, December 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

Lieutenant-Colonel Denny telegraphs that the committee that bushwhacked yourself, Colonel Green, Captain Glaze, and others near Fayette last summer are now near Odin, Ill. Their names are Lindsley Payton and two sons, Dick Jackson, Brag, and Captain Joe Gooch, all celebrated as bushwhackers. A prisoner in our hands gives the information. He will be in Major De Bolt's hands to-night. Colonel Green will go to Illinois, if needed. Cannot they be best secured through Saint Louis detectives? What steps shall we take? Answer.

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GLASGOW, December 20, 1864.

General C. B. FISK:

I learn that Lindsley Payton and two sons, Dick Jackson, Brag, and Captain Joe Gooch, noted bushwhackers of Missouri, are in Illinois, near Odin. Captain Quinn, of Roanoke, will be at Macon to-night with a man named Green, arrested by my orders, who gives the information. Quinn is not a suitable man to send to Illinois after these bushwhackers, and I hope you will stop him at Macon and arrange the matter with the authorities in Illinois. He is a good fighter, but a poor spy. Gooch and Brag, you will remember, are the parties who were engaged in bushwhacking Colonel Green and Captain Glaze. I hope you will succeed in the capture of these outlaws. Colonel Green says he is ready to start to Illinois after them if he can be of any service.

A. F. DENNY,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, December 20, 1864.

Major-General BLUNT,

Paola:

Colonel Moonlight is relieved by General Orders, Numbers 63, from duty in your district to take command of District of Colorado. Let him report here en route as soon as possible. The sooner the better.

S. S. CURTIS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

57 R R-VOL XLI, PT IV

