
PAOLA, December 20, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS:

I have just seen telegram to General Blunt, who is at Lawrence, ordering me to Colorado. My regimental and brigade business is in a sad plight; cannot I have a few days to straighten in out?

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 57. Milwaukee, Wis., December 20, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. Kittoe, medical inspector, U. S. Army, having reported at these headquarters, in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 429, current series, War Department, is announced as medical inspector for this department, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major-General Pope:

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 166. New Orleans, La., December 21, 1864.

I. Captain Benjamin K. Roberts, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, having reported to the undersigned for duty, in compliance with orders from the War Department, is assigned to duty at these headquarters. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

II. Second Lieutenant H. C. Seymour, Ninety-third U. S. Colored Infantry, is appointed aide-de-camp on the personal staff of undersigned, and is hereby relieved from duty as acting assistant adjutant-general of the cavalry of the Department of the Gulf.

B. S. ROBERTS,Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Chief of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,

New Orleans, December 21, 1864.

Brigadier General R. A. CAMERON,

Commanding La Fourche District:

The brigadier-general commanding directs me to instruct you to have a sufficient artillery garrison set apart for the fort at Donaldsonville. The garrison will be ready at all times for the immediate defense of the work, and no details will be made from it further then for the performance of its share of the guard and picket duty. The commander of the post should inspect the condition of the friction-primers and fuses at least once each week, as well as everything else connected with the fort, to insure immediate and effective action at any moment. The friction-primes and fuses should be should be thoroughly sunned and dried at least once each week. You will order proper targets erected at the post at Donaldsonville, and the artillery there to be practiced to a reasonable extent.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERICK SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

