
was commanded by Bohannon; Holtzclaw and Ryder, guerrilla chiefs, were along. They left Carrollton yesterday evening, taking the prisoners with them. They left in the direction of Waverly, swearing vengeance against Captain Beaty and his men on account of killing Colonel Peery a few weeks since. If the condition of affairs in Chariton, Howard, and Randolph would justify, it would seem best to clear out Carroll of the fiends, and taken and hold hostages for Beaty and his men. Let me hear from you. The families of many of Bohannon's men live in Carroll.

J. H. SHANKLIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

CHILLICOTHE, October 18, 1864.

General CRAIG:

Colonel Hale, Captain Beaty, and others have just arrived from Carrollton. The rebel force left Carrollton this morning. They are said to have numbered about 800, under command of Colonel Bohannon. About 400 of them went in the direction of Richmond and the balance eastward. They reported that they had been ordered back across the river. I fear for the fall of Richmond. I will endeavor to advise Major McDonald of Bohannon's movements. McDonald is on his way to Richmond.

J. H. SHANKLIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

STEWARTSVILLE, October 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General CRAIG:

I have just received the following from Captain McCullough at Plattsburg:

The rebels are closing in fast and strong. Force reported as 4,000. A large squad was within four miles of this place last night. I deem my situation here one of infinite peril unless speedily re-enforced. The report here is that Liberty is being cannonaded, and there is no doubt of there being a large force between here and Liberty.

G. W. McCULLOUGH,

Captain, Commanding.

I have no force here to spare, Captain McCullough having not over 100 available men.

O. G. MCDONALD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

HAMILTON, October 18, 1864.

General CRAIG:

Major Smith, Second Colorado, occupied Lexington yesterday, it being previously evacuated by the enemy. I start to Richmond in the morning if you think best; Major Grimes requests it.

W. D. McDONALD,

Major, &amp;c.

