
of your horses; and on seeing the enemy and immediate and furious attack will always send them down before you. whilst I wish every officer to understand that misconduct, mismanagement, neglect, or shortcoming will be instantly followed by his disgrace, I have to assure them that no effect will be spared on my part to insure their advancement when won by meritorious services.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 10. Memphis, Tenn., December 17, 1864.

* * * * * *

II. Major General M. K. Lawler, commanding brigade, Reserve Corps, Military division of West Mississippi, Memphis, Tenn., is ordered, under authority from the headquarters of the Army, to hold his command, together with three regiments of the Second Brigade, Reserve Corps, which he shall designate to report to him, in complete readiness to march at an hour's notice. They will be provided with eight days' field rations. No other than shelter-tents will be taken. No wagons will accompany the column save those necessary for the ammunition and subsistence, and the best animals must be sent out. Two batteries will be selected by Brigadier General M. K. Lawler to accompany the expedition, and he will in person to the major-general commanding the department for instructions.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General N. J. T. Dana:

T. H. HARRIS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Memphis, Tenn., December 20, 1864.

Brigadier General M. K. LAWLER,

Commanding First Brigade, Reserve Corps:

GENERAL: You will move out with the nine regiments and two batteries heretofore designated on the State Line road in the direction of La Fayette. The object of your movement is to support a cavalry expedition under General Grierson, which has been heretofore explained to you, and to so threaten Corinth by a demonstration and a feint of repairing the memphis and Charleston Railroad as to keep the garrison there from making strong detachments against General Grierson. That officer has been instructed to explain his movement and his marches to you, and you fully understand the circumstances likely to arise. Mr. Goodhue, the superintendent of the railroad, has also reported to you, with instructions to repair the road as far as Germantown, or perhaps Collierville. It is expected your advance will reach the railroad bridge near Moscow at the Wolf River, crossing, as speedily as possible, and placing themselves in a secure position, make open and visible demonstration to rebuilt the bridge there. You will arrange your command between Moscow bridge and this place according to your discretion, with a view to defend the railroad, and for the different detachments mutually to support each other. The advance is expected to remain two entire days at the Moscow bridge, and then if no other

