
orders are received by you to the contrary, to return be easy marches to this city. A cavalry force of ineffectives to join you on your return march, and the time and place should be arranged between you and General Grierson.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT RESERVE CORPS, MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Memphis, Tenn., December 21, 1864.

Colonel B. DORNBLASER,

Commanding Detachment Second Brigade:

It is desirable to ascertain how far beyond White's Station the railroad is in repair, and for this purpose Mr. H. L. Bannister, roadmaster U. S. military railroad, reports to you this morning with train. The General commanding directs that you place on board the train one regiment of infantry, and give the officer in command instructions to proceed toward Collierville, and to that place if possible, where it is expected our cavalry will arrive to-morrow night. He will take with him his ammunition and supplies, leaving his wagons to follow with the other troops. At Germantown he will detach 100 men in charge of a field officer to occupy that place until you arrive with your detachment. If he succeeds in reaching Collierville he will encamp his men and there await the arrival of the main column. The train will return. Instruct the officer in charge of the regiment to exercise every precaution in guarding against attack from the enemy.

By command of Brigadier-General Lawler:

B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, December 21, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: It is well known that when Price left this State a large number of rebel sympathizers and guerrillas joined him, mostly men who have been noted for their open sympathy and acts in aid of the rebellion. It is also well understood that this class of missourians intend to return early in the spring to follow their old vocation of robbery, rapine and murder. The two only inducements for their return are: First, their families being located here; second, their love of plunder. Now, I am convinced that if from disloyal districts their families were to a certain extent sent to them while they are in the rebel lines, it would not only keep them there, but would deter many others from returning, and at the same time have a salutary effect upon the remaining disloyal citizens. I have always found that banishment, to a certain extent, and judiciously and quietly made, is very beneficial in its effects, and I am convinced it would do great good in this State. I can already see the preparations for the strife, intended to be commenced so soon as the leaves come, and if we allow these citizen guerrillas, &c., to join Price when they choose, swell the columns of the enemy that come into the State, and to return to their homes and the

