
bush after having been defeated and driven out, at the same time allowing their families to remain here and receive our protection while they feed and clothe them by plunder, and engage in active hostilities against us, without some retaliatory measures being adopted toward them, the guerrilla warfare and rebel strength in the State will increase instead of diminish.

Before taking any positive action in this matter I desire to have the approval of the administration, for to banish rebels and then have the orders thereto issued countermanded, only weakens the influence and authority of the commander. It is now the boats of some rebels and bushwhackers that orders for their banishment, &amp;c., can, through the various influences that they can bring to bear, be generally revoked, and I do not desire to adopt measures and issue orders of this kind without first having the full concurrence of the Government in the policy. I write you on this subject knowing that you are fully posted on Missouri affairs, and I do not most earnestly request that you obtain and inform me of the views of the President and of the Secretary of war in the matter, as I desire thereby to shape my action in the premises. I am having listed throughout the disloyal districts as follows: First, the families of noted bushwhackers; second, the families of noted rebels who joined Price during his late raid; third, the avowedy disloyal families of persons in the rebel service; fourth, those citizens who were the active aiders and abettors of Price's army while recently in the State; fifth, those citizens who harbor guerrillas. From this list I should select for banishment the most noted characters, taking as near as possible from the different neighborhoods and sections, for the benefit of effect on those permitted to remain.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

PILOT KNOB, December 21, 1864.

Lieutenant WILLIAM LAW,

Patterson:

The firing yesterday was in honor of the victory over Hood. His army is completely routed, with the loss of 9,000 prisoners and 54 pieces of artillery. The news from all quarters is good. The Seventh Kansas will start for Patterson in a day or two. Upon their arrival you and Lieutenant Reid will return here with your men.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, December 21, 1864.

General EWING,

Commanding District:

I sent fifty men under command of Major Robbins, and at Bloomfield will be joined by fifty more, and I have detailed fifty from Dallas to join him at Poplar Bluff. He will proceed to ---, and else he may have a chance to strike Reves, Bowles, or any of the thieving crew. He has fifteen days' rations, with orders to seize what he may want, and to stay as long as he may think he can do any good. Snow fell last night, and all were eager to get after Reves, and I let them go.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

