
provost-marshal's and quartermaster's departments have been quite energetic and successful in hunting and collecting abandoned and contraband property scattered through the district by the late raid, and vigorous measures are in progress to bring to light the secret, sneaking traitors amongst us who gave encouragement and succor to Price and his men when here; and also to get the names and learn the character of those who left their homes and followed off Price's army and have returned, claiming to have been conscripts. The good health and marked discipline of the troops, and the universal quiet and good temper of the citizens of the district, are matters of congratulation.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, December 21, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Saline County, Mo.:

The colonel commanding directs me to inform you that he has reliable information of the presence of several of guerrillas who are infesting the counties of Saline and la Fayette. These bands are ranging from Waverly down as far as Miami and threatening Arrow Rock, pillaging, robbing, and murdering the loyal men of that section. The entire country of Saline is directly under your supervision. The troops under your command are expected to make frequent scouts; they should be kept constantly on the scout. It is enjoined upon to be vigilant and active. I am also directed to call your attention to the fact that no official reports of the presence of these guerrillas or in regard to the condition of your command has as yet been received at these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. CONKLIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Numbers 81. Springfield, Mo., December 21, 1864.

I. The following extracts from orders received from department headquarters is published for the information for all concerned.*

II. The commanding officer of each permanent post within this district, which is not already securely fortified, will at once comply with he above order and may require citizens residing at or near said post to render all necessary assistance. They will from time to time report to these headquarters the progress made in the constructions of such works. Commanding officers of posts already fortified will at once report to these headquarters the nature and extent of such fortifications and their condition. All such works throughout the district will be kept constantly repaired and in a thoroughly serviceable condition.

By order of Colonel J. J. Gravely, commanding district:

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See Circular December 14, headquarters Department of the Missouri, p. 859.

---------------

