
track, and arranged with a walk for sentries on the inside, two and a half feet below the top. I would also recommend that the two works referred to above be inclosed and surrounded by a formidable obstacle. Rifle-pits judiciously located so as to connect them with the swamp between them and with the river would materially aid and active infantry defense.

Fourth. The armament for the defense of the line around the city on the south side of the river consists of seven 20-pounder Parrott rifles in position in the redoubt, and five batteries of field artillery, each composed of six 3-inch rifles. I would recommend that your suggestion to exchange one of these batteries for a battery of smooth-bore Napoleon guns be effected at you earliest convenience. Captain Wheeler informed me that requisitions for more rifled guns (including some 30-pounder Parrotts) had been made by him. In my judgment there are rifled guns enough at Little Rock, and any addition to the armament of the place should be smooth-bore siege guns or siege howitzers, for throwing shells and spherical case at high angles and low velocities (so as to search the ravines in advance of the line), and grape and canister at short ranges. Twelve such pieces, with one of your 3-inch rifle batteries exchanged for Napoleon, would comprise the only modification of the armament on the south side of the river that I deem essential. Some of the rifled guns in depot might perhaps be exchanged for field howitzers of large caliber. I recommend it, if practicable. North of the river one light battery, divided between the two works, would be a sufficient permanent armament. By means of a pontoon bridge across the stream, which would always be kept up any necessary increase of the artillery force on that side could promptly be made.

Fifth. The ammunition to be distributed to the several inclosed works should be 125 rounds for the siege guns (one-fifth solid shot, one-fifth canister or grape, and three-fifths spherical case); for the siege howitzers, 125 rounds (two-fifth grape or canister and three-fifths shell); for all field pieces, 200 rounds per gun, assorted as prescribed in the "instructions for field artillery," except that there should be one-fourth to one-half less of solid shot, with a corresponding increase of the other kinds of projectiles. There should be a service magazine in each of the inclosed works; an excellent one is being constructed in the redoubt.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Inspector-General of Fortification, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 315. Little Rock, Ark., December 22, 1864.

* * * * * *

II. The detachments of the Forty-seventh Indiana and Twenty-ninth Wisconsin Infantry, having just arrived, will proceed, under command of Captain E. Y. Sturgis, to Memphis, Tenn., and report to the headquarters of their regiment. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General J. J. Reynolds,W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

