
PRIVATE.] FAYETTEVILLE, ARK., December 22, 1864 - 5 p. m.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

General Canby has ordered the abandonment of this district, which includes Fort Smith, Van Buren, Fayetteville, Clarksville, and other points. In the name and for the sake of the thousands of families who will be left to the tender mercies of assassins and robbers, in the name of this beautiful country which will be left a desert, in the name of humanity I beseech you to try and have the order countermanded. This post is of more importance as an outpost to your department than any other. It is so well fortified that when attacked on the 3rd of November ultimo by 6,700 rebels I repulsed them with 1,100 men. Splendid winter quarters for one regiment are just being completed. Good government warehouses have been built; citizens have spent large amounts to bring back the town and country to prosperity, because they had faith in the Federal protection. Post colonies have been formed all over the country with little forts to protect agriculture, and they are garrisoned by home guards. Next year will be one of great abundance and large corps will be raised if protection is given. Messengers have gone to Washington to intercede for this distressed people. I will hold this place with my regiment, four companies of infantry and four pieces of artillery, against 15,000 men - only give me the trial; if not, then, for the sake of these poor people, cannot some one be sent here to protect them? Ask General Canby, ask President Lincoln, to save them from destruction.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.

FAYETTEVILLE, ARK., December 22, 1864 - 5 p. m.

Major-General DODGE:

I was absent when your telegram was received here. I arrived at midnight last night. I have scouts and an outpost southwest of here. I cannot learn of any rebel movements this side the Arkansas or Fort Gibson. I will keep you posted. You may depend on me for instant information of any movements in this direction. Command my services at all times. My compliments to yourself and family. I have not forgotten your kindness to me at Rolla in 1862.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel First Arkansas Cavalry, Commanding Troops.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 229. Saint Louis, Mo., December 22, 1864.

I. Captain George W. Ford, military harbor-master port of Saint Louis, Mo., at his own request is hereby relieved. For the efficient manner in which Captain Ford has performed his duties the department commander extends his thanks.

II. Captain A. Edwards, assistant quartermaster, is hereby appointed military harbor-master, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly. Captain Ford will turn over to Captain Edwards all his employees, books, papers, &amp;c.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,Assistant Adjutant-General.

