HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., December 22, 1864.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of Upper Arkansas:

LIEUTENANT: For the information of the colonel commanding the district, I have the honor to call your attention to the following matters in connection with the District of Upper Arkansas on which he will be called to act: First, the report of Captain E. Hammer, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, stating that he discovered a large body of Indians on Fifth Creek, a branch of Salt Creek, which is a branch of the Solomon, and about twenty-five miles from Fort Solomon; second, to the fact that there is a large force of Colorado soldiers under command of Colonel Chivington, First Colorado Cavalry, in the district in pursuit of Indians, and at last date were at Fort Lyon and expected to proceed to Fort Larned (see report* of Major Anthony, dated December 2, 1864); third, that the Cheyenne and Arapaho Indians have been congregating near Fort Lyon for some time, but that the Cheyennes were attacked and dispersed by Colonel Chivington and Major Anthony, and no Indians were supposed to be in that immediate vicinity at last date. My opinion is that a large portion of the hostile plain Indians are now in the northeast portion of the district, and should judge on the Solomon and Republican, and close watch will be necessary to prevent their committing depredations on the frontier. The term of service of the First Colorado Cavalry on duty in this district is expiring, and arrangements should be made to fill their places by other troops, as there is no doubt but that the operations of Colonel Chivington will create great activity on the part of the Indians in their depredations and should be guarded against. Of the officers and soldiers I can speak in the highest terms, and have no doubt but that the colonel commanding will find them all he could desire. With my best wishes for his success.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. HENNING,

Major Third Wisconsin Cavalry.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS, Numbers 36. For Riley, Kans., December 22, 1864.

1. The Second Regiment Colorado cavalry, having reported to these headquarters in obedience to orders from department headquarters, will remain on duty at Fort Riley, Kans., until further orders.

2. Major J. L. Pritchard, Second Regiment Colorado Cavalry, will, in addition to his duties as regimental commander, assume command of the post of Fort, Kans.

* * * * * *

By order of Colonel James H. Ford:

J. E. TAPPAN,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See Part I, p. 952.

---------------

