HDQRS. CO. M., SECOND Regiment CAV. MINNESOTA VOLS.,Princeton, Minn., December 22, 1864.

ASST. ADJT. General, DIST. OF MINN., OF THE N. W.,

Saint Paul:

SIR: I have the honor to state that since my last week's report nothing new has taken place in regard to the Indians in this vicinity worth mentioning. They are as peaceable as from the beginning, but on account of their not being paid yet they are very needy and in want of blankets and victuals; in fact, they seem to be very poor and still expecting their payment. Should in time to come any trouble take place on the part of these Indians the only cause I can account for would be the delay of any notice concerning their payment.

I have the honor to remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. HANLEY,

Captain Company M, Second Cavalry Minnesota Volunteers.

NEW ORLEANS, December 23, 1864.

(Received 8.45 p. m. 30th.)

General HALLECK:

General Granger when last heard from was twelve miles from East Pascagoula on the road to Mobile. From a rebel mail captured by him I learn that Pollard was captured on the 16th by the forces sent from Barrancas and the bridge of the Mobile and Montgomery Railroad at that place destroyed.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, December 23, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Lakeport:

Direct all cavalry arriving at Lakeport to proceed at once to Greenville and report to the senior officer of the cavalry there. Show this order as your authority. Acknowledge receipt.

By order of Brigadier-General Sherman:

FREDERICK SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BATON ROUGE, December 23, 1864 - 11.10 p. m.

Major-General HURLBUT:

The rebel generals Wirt Adams and Scott have concentrated a strong force at Clinton and intend to attack this post. I have little more than 1,000 efficient infantry and must have re-enforcements. This is no scare, but is based on intelligence entirely reliable and derived from several different sources. Some of Scott's officers prowling around the line this evening boasted that they would take their Christmas dinner in Baton Rouge. If attacked I will make the best fight I can, but would like to be re-enforced.

W. P. BENTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

