
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C., Numbers 85. Little Rock, Ark., December 23, 1864.

I. The following-named officers are announced as members of the personal staff of the major-general commanding:

Major S. C. Farrington, acting aide-de-camp; Captain E. H. Twining, aide-de-camp; Captain William P. Bainbridge, aide-de-camp.

II. Lieutenant Colonel George O. Sokalski is hereby relieved from duty as assistant inspector-general of the Seventh Army Corps, and will report by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army for orders.

III. Major Anderson D. Nelson, First U. S. Infantry, is hereby assigned to duty as acting assistant inspector-general of the Department of Arkansas and the Seventh Army Corps.

IV. Colonel B. O. Carr is hereby relieved from duty as chief quartermaster of the Department of Arkansas, and will report by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army for orders.

V. Captain Henry T. Noble, assistant quartermaster of volunteers, is hereby assigned to duty as acting chief quartermaster of the Department of Arkansas.

VI. Captain Benjamin Nields, First Delaware Battery, is hereby announced as chief of artillery of the Department of Arkansas.

By order of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., December 23, 1864.

Captain LEGRAND BENEDICT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

At 4 o'clock this p. m., while riding with General Gillmore to look at the earth-works, a communication was handed to me addressed to the general command at Little Rock, from the rebel Captain Rayborne, who had sent it with a flag of truce, requesting exchange of Pope Pipkins and Charles Naffsinger, of his company, in our hands, for two men of the Tenth Illinois Cavalry. I sent word back that I could not entertain the communication because it was not addressed to me, his men also being at Little Rock. His lieutenant then paroled the two men of the Tenth Illinois, and sent in also Captain Stout, two sergeants, and seven privates of Tenth Illinois Cavalry, paroled, who were captured by Rayborne on the 15th instant, two miles from Brownsville, while hunting birds. I have sent some refreshments to the flag-of-truce party. It came on the east side of the river.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OFFICE OF FUND COMMISSIONER FOR PACIFIC RAILROAD,

Saint Louis, Mo., December 23, 1864.

Major-General DODGE:

DEAR SIR: I called at your to see you to-day and learned you were in the country. My object was to speak to you with regard to sending General Brown back to our district - General District of Missouri. I most respectfully and earnestly recommend you to send him back to his old district. He can do more good for the Government in that district than any other man. He is so well acquainted with the whole country, and understands the character of the people so perfectly,

