
that he can exercise more influence for the general good, quiet, and peace than any man that can be sent there, and I am sure that four-fifths of the loyal citizens of the district desire him in preference to any other commanding officer in the State. No man has done so much in preserving good order and quiet in that district as General Brown. His return will be hailed with great delight by the loyal citizens of Central Missouri.

Respectfully and truly, your obedient servant,

THOS. L. PRICE.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., December 23, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Cassville:

Information has been received from department headquarters of rebel movements in Northern Arkansas, and the commanding general wishes scouts kept out constantly in that direction. You will endeavor by every means in your power to obtain accurate information of all movements of the enemy along or near the border, employing a scout if necessary. Notify these headquarters by telegraph of any important information you may received.

By order:

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, December 23, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Leavenworth, Kans.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the subject of the establishment of a mail line between Fort Laramie and Julesburg, Colo. Terr., which was presented with your indorsement upon the papers under date od December 1, 1864, has been considered by the War Department, and the following views of the Chief of Staff are concurred in and approved by the Secretary of War, viz:

It would hardly wise to open, new mail routes requiring military protection and the establishment of military posts at a time when all the military power of the Government is required to put down the rebellion. The Salt Lake route seems to furnish all necessary mail facilities for the present.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SUB-DISTRICT Numbers 2, DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Fort Scott, Kans., December 23, 1864.

Captain GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of South Kansas, Paola, Kans.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to return herewith the letter* of Captain Aiken, of Marmaton, in this country, asking that fifty soldiers be stationed at that place for the protection of the inhabitants, with the following report: Troops are badly needed in that locality. The murders

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

