
and atrocities committed there during the absence of the troops of this command in the campaign against Price has produced a feeling of insecurity among the citizens, which can only be overcome by the establishment of a permanent force in that vicinity; but with the limited number of troops at my command it is impossible that I should send any there. I need another company for garrison duty at the post, some of the men coming on every day. It is very important that I should have a company at Barnesville, on the line; another company is almost indispensable for the Osage Mission, to protect that settlement and act as an outpost on the southern frontier. A company should be stationed at Marmaton and there should also be another at Humboldt. Five additional companies at least, if they could be obtained from other portions of the department where their service are less necessary, should be sent to this sub-district to afford it anything like proper protection. There is a hostile frontier on the east of about ninety miles and one of 150 on the south to be guard and protected, and it is impossible to do it properly with the limited number of troops at my disposal, much less to establish them at every point where they may be required, or even at all places where they may be really needed. I have already split one company into three detachments and have one at the mission, one at Pawnee Station, and one at this place, Marmaton. In another locality I have a company divided into two parts, with a portion stationed at Barnesville and a portion at Ball Town. I make every shift and decide that I can to make my force go so far as possible to the protection of all, but am daily reminded that it is sadly insufficient in numbers. If another company can be sent me I will station it at Marmaton at once, as in my opinion the needs of the people there are the greatest.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., December 23, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth:

MAJOR: For the information of the general commanding I have the honor to report that in pursuance to instructions received from department headquarters, I left Leavenworth 19, and arrived at this post on the 21st instant and assumed command of this district as per General Orders, Numbers 10, a copy of which is inclosed herewith.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel Second Colorado Cavalry.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS, Numbers 10. Fort Riley, Kans., December 22, 1864.

I. Pursuant to instructions received from the major-general commanding Department of Kansas, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the District of Upper Arkansas, headquarters at Fort Riley, Kans.

