
EAST PASCAGOULA, MISS.,

December 24, 1864.

Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Mil. Div. of West Miss., New Orleans, La.:

COLONEL: Owing to the great difficulties in supplying my command on Franklin Creek, I shall be compelled to fall back to Five-Mile Cree - not a strong position, but favorable for resisting any force not superior to my own.

From the best information I can get, Dick Taylor, Gardner, and Maury are in Mobile collecting everything possible to move against me. If this report is true we will probably have our hands full. I regret extremely the necessity of abandoning so much valuable property at Good's Mill, but I can see no way of avoiding it, neither can I see any means of getting away from here until the cavalry is off and suitable transportation can be provided. The Sixth Michigan, four companies, has just arrived, which makes me about 3,500 strong. I have heard from Pensacola that the raid from that point was very successful and has safely returned. Pollard and all the bridges and trestle-work in its vicinity were destroyed. Will send official report as soon as received.

Very respectfully,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, December 24, 1864.

Brigadier General R. A. CAMERON,

Commanding La Fourche District:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 21st instant, and to inform you that General Sherman approves of the transfer of the Thirty-third Illinois from the railroad and replacing them with the Sixtieth Indiana; also the bringing of the companies of the Rhode Island cavalry now at Donaldsonville to the headquarters of their regiment. The great point to be looked to is that the Rhode Island cavalry receive that instructions which will fit them for duty in the field. At the same time such disposition may be made of the rest of the cavalry as circumstances require.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERICK SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BATON ROUGE, December 24, 1864 - 10 a. m.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding:

I have the honor to report that I put my force on the alert last night, made arrangements to protect the upper of town with my infantry and battery, and to cover the approaches below town with the gun-boats. The whole force turned in line of battle at 4 a. m., but no attack was made. Previous reports with regard to rebel plans are confirmed. The attack, if made at all, will probably come at daylight to-morrow. When the regiments from Morganza arrive I shall feel perfectly at ease, and would rather have the rebels come than not.

W. P. BENTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

