SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 316. Little Rock, Ark., December 24, 1864.

I. By authority from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, leave of absence for twenty days is hereby granted Brigadier General E. A. Carr, U. S. Volunteers, to proceed beyond the limits of this department, with permission to apply to the War Department for an extension of forty days.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

W. D. GREEN,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., December 24, 1864.

Brigadier General J. M. THAYER,

Commanding, Fort Smith:

Your telegram of the 17th instant, addressed to Major General F. Steele, is received. With the five transports that have been sent up, the train which is en route from Fort Scott, and your own train, it is supposed that you will be able to bring away all public stores. Major-General Reynolds, commanding the department, directs me to say that you will use your own judgment with regard to the Indian Brigade; also that you afford all facilities in your power to enable loyal people to accompany your command to Little Rock.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. GREEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 232. Saint Louis, Mo., December 24, 1864.

The appointment and assignment of district and sub-district provost-marshals will hereafter be made from these headquarters upon the recommendation of the district commanders, approved by the provost-marshal-general. All reports and recommendation from sub-district provost-marshals will be forwarded to the district provost-marshals, who will submit them to the district commander for his indorsement and recommendation. All order addressed to sub-district provost-marshal will be sent through the district provost-marshals for the information of the district commander. When it is necessary to send orders and instructions direct to sub-district provost-marshals copies thereof will be furnished without delay to the district provost-marshal. All district and sub-district provost-marshals are subject to the orders of their district commanders as well as the orders of the provost-marshal-general, and it is their to keep their district commander, as well as the provost-marshal-general of the department, advised of their doings.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

