
KANSAS CITY, October 18, 1864.

Captain WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant General, Fort Leavenworth:

The section of artillery arrived; horses not shod. How many more horses have you sent me? I must have some more for the militia artillery. Send me at least ten or fifteen down with the Wisconsin boys. Send Gill's men mounted when they arrive. Have the horses shod and branded "C A"; otherwise I will lose them. Send by boat to-morrow morning. We start soon to Independence.

HUNT,

Major.

LEXINGTON, October 18, 1864--3 p. m.

Major-General CURTIS:

I arrived here one hour ago; have received nothing from you in answer to my telegram of last night. If telegram was sent to Warrensburg to be forwarded by messenger (as I requested) it has probably been captured, as there were several guerrilla parties in my rear on the march. There has been no rebel force here except from 200 or 300 guerrillas. I understand Colonel Ford was here yesterday and left last night, supposing that Shelby's force was advancing.

My advance came up to a small party of guerrilla near this place; drove them through the town, killing 1 and capturing 3. I have yet heard nothing direct from General Sanborn, but have scouts hunting him. In my opinion he fell back on the Georgetown road to unite with General A. J. Smith. It is certain that Shelby was at Waverly yesterday and directed conscripting officers in this neighborhood to report to him at that place. Price has been at Marshall, Saline County, and a dispatch was received here yesterday from a rebel with him that he was moving up the river to Waverly (Waverly is twenty-two miles from here). There is also a rumor among Price's friends here (and nearly every one here is his friend) that he (Price) had been attacked in his rear and had sent for Shelby to turn back to his assistance. This is probable, I think. I shall endeavor to get a dispatch to Sanborn to-night, and shall also send scouts to ascertain the position and movements of the enemy. Conscripting has been going on briskly here, and the people of the city and county (La Fayette County) are intensely rebel, and I am certain that the majority of them would have hailed the advent of the army of Price rather than ours. My stock is in good condition and men in fine spirits; forage abundant, commissary supplies (over the river) sufficient for the present. Have no wire here to repair telegraph. Can you not send repairer this way from Independence? And also send dispatch-boat down the river. I hope the troops I telegraphed you for last night will be sent forward rapidly. Now is the time to concentrate and crush Price. Celerity of movement is everything. I am anxiously waiting to hear from you.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

P. S.--Later, 4 p. m.--I have just seen a reliable man, who saw a written dispatch from General Sterling Price to a rebel officer at this place (dispatch received here on the 16th and dated the same day). Price was then at Keiser's farm, ten miles east of Waverly, and stated

