
Companies I and K, First New Orleans Volunteers. The commanding general Department of the Gulf is charged with the execution of this order.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., December 25, 1864.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding Dist. of West Fla. and South Ala., East Pascagoula, Miss.

SIR: I am directed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatches of the 20th, 22nd, and 24th instant, also of Colonel Bertram's report, dated Franklin, 22nd instant, transmitted with your indorsement of the 23d, and a report received direct from Brigadier-General McKean, dated Barrancas, December 19, giving a brief account of the successful expedition toward the Mobile and Montgomery Railroad, under command of Colonel Robinson, Ninety-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry.* The commanding general desires that you convey to Colonel Robinson and the other officers, and the soldiers composing that expedition, his thanks for the gallantry and good conduct displayed, which, in connection with your own movements from East Pascagoula, led to such a signal success. Your movements from East Pascagoula have so far, without endangering the command, accomplished the desirable result of drawing a large rebel force from the upper part of Mississippi and from Florida. The commanding general desires that you use your own discretion in regard to your present operations, and will only suggest that greater caution than ever be used now, when it is likely that the enemy will concentrate a large force against you. He regrets being unable to send you any more infantry. The force throughout the military division has been so much reduced by transfers to other departments, discharges, musters out, &amp;c., that not troops can safely be sent to you from any other posts. Commodore Palmer has promised to send another gun-boat to you, and a regular officer of the Navy to superintend operations in your neighborhood. Care will also be taken to have launches sent to you for embarking the infantry as soon as your present operations are concluded. Your request for a topographical engineer shall be complied with if practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MACON, December 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Matters are getting in bad shape in Chariton County. Captain Stanley telegraphs that Jim Jackson's band are roving at pleasure and killing indiscriminately. Several men living near Westville were killed by the gang yesterday. They go in squads of six or seven men. Have you any orders?

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* For McKean's report, see Vol. XLIV.

---------------

