
MACON, December 25, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Glasgow, Mo.:

James Jackson and band of six or eight men are roving through Chariton County killing indiscriminately. Send a scout at once into that county, in neighborhood of Westville, and hunt him thoroughly. Will start a scout from here to-night. Be careful and avoid collision. By order of Brigadier-General Fisk:

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BUCKLIN, December 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

Yesterday evening a band, supposed to be James Jackson with six or seven, men killed James Loan and son at their homes near Westville, in Chariton County. I heard of four others in same vicinity that were killed still later in the evening; it is probably correct. There is a suspicious person in that vicinity which I should like to hear from you concerning. I received a note from him to-night requesting me to meet him at Mrs. Bett's. It was signed Captain J. A. Pickett and A. N. West and M. J. Bett.

J. STANLEY,

Captain.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 224. New Orleans, La., December 26, 1864.

* * * * * *

6. Under the provision of General Orders, Numbers 86, series of 1863, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, the following-named regiments will be consolidated, viz: Forty-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Eighty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry. Brigadier-General Brayman, commanding District of Natchez, is charged with the execution of this order.

7. The battalions of the Forty-eighth and Eighty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry will be consolidated into ten companies, to be designated as the Eighty-third Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry. All supernumerary commissioned and non-commissioned officers will be mustered out as of the date of the consolidation. Brigadier-General Brayman, commanding District of Natchez, is charged with the execution of this order.

8. Captain B. F. Morey, assistant adjutant-general, will proceed this evening, by the steamer Mollie Able, to Memphis, Tenn., for the purpose of delivering dispatches to the major-general commanding the Department of the Mississippi. Upon the completion of this duty he will return to this city.

* * * * * *

10. Brigadier General J. Bailey is hereby relieved from his present duties, and will report for orders to the commanding general Department of the Gulf.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

