
GLASGOW, December 26, 1864.

Captain HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Will start immediately, Have a scout out now via Chariton County. Lieutenant Lehman had a skirmish last night with bushwhackers one mile and a half above Cambridge. Picket crossed the river and drove the rebels back when attempting to cross. Skirmish, midnight. No loss on our side.

THOS. B. REED,

Captain, Commanding.

BROOKFIELD, December 26, 1864.

Bushwhackers were in northwest of Chariton County Saturday and killed three or four Union men, [one] of them John Lake, about sixty years old, a good Union man that I knew. Some of their friends are here this morning to get assistance to bury the dead. The rebels and their [friends] will have to move, and that speedily, as the loyal men, women, and children are arming preparatory to moving in Chariton to clean the entire county of rebel sympathizers, including men, women, and children. Unless some [action] of this kind is taken by the authorities I have fears for the results. Nothing can restrain the people now. They are here waiting to hear what will be done.

E. J. CRANDALL.

MACON, December 26, 1864.

Captain E. J. CRANDALL,

Brookfield, Mo.:

Our troops are on the war path and after Jackson. If the loyal people can kill the devils we shall not object.

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, December 26, 1864.

Governor S. J. CRAWFORD,

Topeka:

GOVERNOR: I received yours of the 14th instant in due time,but delayed answering, hoping to be better able to respond favorably. I send hear of continued troubles with Indians on the plains and have to send a force out to fight them. It is, therefore, very difficult to meet demands for interior localities, such as Topeka. The entire frontier of Kansas seems to require watchful care, and I am every day being weakened in force by the expiration of terms of service in my old regiments. I will not determined at present, but hold it under careful advisement.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

