
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Numbers 64. Fort Leavenworth, Kans., December 26, 1864.

At 12 m., after the receipt of this order, a salute of 100 guns will be fired at department and district headquarters, and a Federal salute of thirteen guns at every post in this command. This is to announce and celebrate the victories of Major-General Thomas near nashville, where he has completely routed hood's rebel army, taking 60 guns and 10,000 prisoners, and is still in pursuit of his foe. Also, to rejoice over the triumphant march of Major-General Sherman through the heart of the rebel region of country, and his capture of the city of Savannah, with 150 guns and a vast amount of stores and rebel property. These terrible blows cannot fail to ruin the tottering fabric of rebellion and prostrate the schemes of malicious foes who have sought to sacrifice free institutions and establish a dominion of slavery. In reverence to an overruling Providence let us rejoice at the progress of our armies, the success of our cause and the prospect of ultimate peace and security under the flag of our fathers.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

JOHN WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, December 26, 1864.

Major General J. B. BLUNT,

The eleventh [Kansas] Regiment is relieved from duty in the District of South Kansas by Special Orders, Numbers 63, from these headquarters, which order will be sent to-morrow.

JOHN WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS POST PAOLA, Numbers 5. Paola, Kans., December 26, 1864.

In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 18, from headquarters Sub-District Numbers 3, District of South Kansas, dated Paola, Kansas., December 26, 1864, I hereby assume command of this post.

MARTIN ANDERSON,

Major Eleventh Kansas Cavalry.

DEPT. OF NEW MEXICO, ASST. ADJT. GEN'S OFFICE,

Santa Fe, N. Mex., December 26, 1864.

Colonel CHRISTENSEN CARSON,

Commanding Officer Comanche and Kiowa Expedition, Fort Bascom, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the department commander to say to you that in case there be no danger of the Kiowas and Comanches coming to Fort Bascom, the troops which compose your command, together with those on duty at Fort Bascom, will be distributed in the following manner:

Captains Bergman, Deus, Marion, Baca, and Berney will remain at Fort Bascom with their companies, as there is good grazing there for their horses. The howitzers, with the ammunition for the same, will be left at Fort Bascom.

