
that he had information that 25,000 Federal cavalry were on the Georgetown road moving to attack him, and that he wished all his force to concentrate to meet them.

I am, respectfully,

JAS. G. BLUNT.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., ARMY OF THE BORDER,Near the Blue, October 18, 1864.

[Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas:]

GENERAL: I send Captain Clark and my quartermaster, Lieutenant Leland, with some wagons to Kansas City for subsistence and stores, which are very much needed in my command, most of my men being without overcoats or blankets and having but a limited supply of cooking utensils. I trust you will give directions that they be supplied with everything that is absolutely necessary. I am sorry to have to report to you that on my march from Westport and since I have been in camp here the militia have passed to the number of several hundred returning to Kansas, and apparently men who have been armed by Government with splendid carbines and revolvers. This is a burning shame and an outrage upon the Government, both State and National. I sincerely trust that some steps may be taken to stop this defection from our ranks, else our army will melt away like snow in midsummer. I deemed it my duty to call your attention to this fact which has, perhaps, not been reported to you.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,Camp Charlot, October 18, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR:

Remain quietly where you are until I get further intelligence from the front. General Deitzler, who has conversed with citizens of Lexington with whom he is well acquainted, thinks Price has gone south of the Pacific Railroad; if so, we do not want to go another inch toward Lexington, but I think this very doubtful. Blunt will surely give us intelligence in a few hours; meantime get your rations distributed. I am sending forward, also, a good supply to Independence, so whatever be the facts we may be ready.

Truly, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

CAMP CHARLOT, October 18, 1864.

Colonel BLAIR,

Hickman Mills:

General Blunt finds that rebels have left the Sedalia line. Heavy firing was heard at Warrensburg to-day in direction of Lexington. Hence Blunt has gone down toward Lexington, and you must move down on Lexington road to support or strengthen that line. If you are

