
Companies A and K, First Veteran Infantry California Volunteers, together with captain Johnson's company of California cavalry, will return and take post at Fort Union, N. Mex.

Captain Witham's company of California cavalry will return to Las Cruses, via Fort Summer.

Captain Fritz, First Cavalry California Volunteer, will return to his proper post, Fort Summer, N. Mex., with such men belonging to his company as he may have with him.

Major McCleave, First Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed to Fort Summer, where he will relieve Captain P. G. D. Morton, acting quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers, in his duties as acting commissary of subsistence at that post.

Lieutenant Colonel Francisco P. Abreu, First Infantry New Mexico Volunteers, will be directed by you to report for duty to the commanding officer at Fort Union, N. Mex.

Asst. Surg. George S. Courtright, U. S. Volunteers, will report for duty to the commanding officer at Fort Sumner, N. Mex.

Lieutenant James C. Edgar, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, will be directed to proceed at once and join his proper company.

You have already been informed in another letter that you have the authority of the department commander to proceed to Taos and Ojo Caliente, and there await further orders, as soon as you have turned in the arms and ammunition which the Ute Indians attached to your command have in their possession.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, December 27, 1864 - 11 a. m.

(Received January 6, 1865.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Your telegram of the 16th has been received. The supplies at Pensacola were some days since ordered to this place to be discharged but the order will be revoked and the vessels sent to Hilton Head.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., December 27, 1864 - 12 m.

(Received January 4, 1865.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The command sent from pensacola reached Pollard (junction of the Mobile and Montgomery and the Pensacola and Montgomery Railroads) on the 16th instant, destroyed the depot and other public buildings, a large quantity of forage, clothing, and other supplies, the railroad tracks and bridges for several miles, and the important bridge and trestle-work over the Little Escambia. Our loss was 1 officer and 16 men killed and 3 officers and 61 men wounded.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

