HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST FLORIDA AND SOUTH ALABAMA,East Pascagoula, December 27, 1864.

Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge your dispatches of the 25th and 26th instant, also private note from the commanding general of the 26th instant. It is certainly very gratifying to have fulfilled the wishes of the general commanding and to receive his thanks and commendation for the manner in which our duty has been performed. His views and wishes with reference to present and future operations will ordered from New Orleans arrived this morning. The Twentieth Regiment, 720 strong, I sent direct to General Davidson, which makes 946 infantry at West Pascagoula to cover his embarkation. The balance, 420, joined our advance on Five-Mile Run. we evacuated Franklin Creek yesterday morning without molestation, bringing down the Dog River some 800,000 feet of superb lumber and effectually destroying all the bridges behind us. There is in our possession at Denny's and Griffin's Mills a large amount of choice lumber which I am placing in cribs and preparing for removal. I am repairing one of the wharves, which is absolutely necessary for a safe and prompt evacuation of this place. I don't think the rebels will venture to annoy us much, and in case they would, we are constructing rifle-pits and abatis and will give them a warm reception. Everything in my power has been done to aid and assist General Davidson, but for some reason he has been reticent and kept all of, so that I know nothing expect from hearsay of his present progress.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,New Orleans, La., December 27, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Mil. Div. of West Miss., New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I have the honor to submit to your consideration a statement of the information received at this officer this 27th day of December, 1864, from the following sources, a report from Colonel J. J. Gravely, Springfield, Mo., December 12, 1864; a report from Lieutenant John M. Reeds, Alexandria, Mo., December 12, 1864; a report from Captain J. B. Nash, Little Rock, Ark., December 12, 1864:

Missouri: Reports from several sub-districts of Missouri represent the State unusually quiet and undersigned by guerrillas. Deserters from Price's army say his men are much demoralized and are deserting in large numbers.

Arkansas: The provost-marshal's report from Little Rock, Ark., December 12, 1864, contain a rumor of rebel General Price's death. Confederate forces are in winter quarters at Shreveport and Minden. Minden is twenty miles above and northeast of Shreveport. They declare their intention to abandon Arkansas, but will endeavor to hold Camden. At Minden the force is reported two regiments and 4,000 conscripts, principally old men and boys, unarmed.

