
department confidently hopes and expects that the good people of the country who are blessed with an abundance and to spare not relax their kindly efforts in behalf of, or withhold their charity from, these unfortunate people in our midst. Friendless orphans and suffering children plead for homes; the sick, destitute, and helpless of all ages, for shelter, food, and raiment. Let Christian benevolence come forward and by good works in behalf of suffering humanity aid in removing this burned from the care of our good Government that has its hands full and resources overtaxed in the work of suppressing rebellion, supplying the wants of our brave soldiers in the field, and the care of our disabled heroes, their widows, and orphans.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 358. Saint Louis, Mo., December 27, 1864.

5. Captain Monks' company, Sixth Regiment Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, is hereby temporarily detached from the regiment, and will report for duty to the command officer District of Rolla. This order will not be constructed as to relieve the company commander from making the required return and reports to regimental headquarters.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DETACH. FOURTH CAV. MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,

Marshal, Mo., December 27, 1864.

Captain A. R. CONKLIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report the condition of the troops under my command at this place; also the condition of this county with reference to guerrilla bands and the threatening of Arrow Rock and the lives of the citizens of the county by the said guerrillas: I would respectfully inform the colonel commanding the district that I have had no information of guerrilla bands threatening Arrow Rock or the citizens thereof since I came to this place, and further, the troops under my command have been scouting in and through the county almost constantly since I arrived at this place. There has been but two small bands of guerrillas in the county to my knowledge since my arrival here. One band, reported to be Quantrill, with about forty men, passed down the river, via Miami and around east of this place going south, a short time after my arrival here. I pursued them immediately on receiving the information of his presence in the country but did no succeed in finding his whereabouts until after he had passed out going south. One band of about twenty passed up the river via Miami about two weeks ago, robbing the stores at Miami. I ordered a scout of thirty men immediately on receiving the information and pursued them near Waverly, where they scattered out in small bands, making it difficult to trail them farther. There are yet a few guerrillas lurking around through the

60 R R - VOL XLI, PT IV

