
county which I have been endeavoring to pick up, but have as yet got sight of them. I ordered a scout of forty men, which left this place on the morning of the 24th instant, and moved north in two columns, and operated in conjunction with other scouts, scouring the country up and down the river in the neighborhood of Miami. That scout has returned finding no guerrillas, leaving al quiet in that section. I shall endeavor to be active and vigilant in searching out those fellows that are yet lurking in and through the county for the purpose of stealing and robbing, and if found I shall deal roughly with them.

I am, captain, your most obedient servant,

NEWTON H. HESTER,

Fort Lieutenant Co. G, Fourth Cav. Missouri State Mil., Commanding Detach.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS, Numbers 39. Paola, December 27, 1864.

First Sub-District, District of South Kansas, is hereby attached to the Second Sub-District, under the command of Colonel C. W. Blair, Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry, until further orders. Commanding officers will make reports accordingly.

By command of Major-General Blunt:

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OMAHA, December 27, 1864.

Colonel R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Commanding Eastern Sub-District, Fort Kearny:

General Commanding directs that the effective force be held in readiness to move. General Curtis contemplates a movement from Fort Riley, and orders may come for co-operative movement from this line.

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, December 28, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith, by direction of the President, some papers* in connection with the orders for the evacuation of Fort Smith, Ark., and its dependencies. I have not read them, but presume they come from civilians interested in the maintenance and supply of those posts. It is suggested that even if Forts Gibson and Smith are abandoned for the winter, Fayetteville might be retained and supplied from Missouri. It is understood that the last train of supplies sent from Fort Scott has been captured by the enemy. It is understood here that no other trains can be sent through during the winter. The President wishes you to examine these papers and see if any modification of General Canby's order should be made. I presume it has been executed by this time, or will be before dispatches can reach there. Please telegraph any orders you may decide upon.

Yours, in haste,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

* Not found as inclosures.

---------------

