
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 179. New Orleans, December 28, 1864.

I. The following Executive General Order is republished for the information and guidance of all officers and soldiers in this command:

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, November 16, 1862.

The President, Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, desires and enjoins the orderly observance of the Sabbath by the officers and men in the military and naval service. The importance for man and beast of the prescribed weekly of the prescribed weekly rest, the sacred rights of Christian soldiers and sailors, a becoming deference to the best sentiment of the Christian people and a due guard for the Divine will, demands the Sunday labor in the Army and Navy be reduced to the measure of strict necessity.

The discipline and character of the national forces should not suffer, nor the cause they defend be imperiled, by the profanation of the day or name of the Most High. "At this time of public distress," adopting the words of Washington in 1776, "men may find enough find to do in the service of God and their country without abandoning themselves to vice and immorality." The first general order issued by the Farther of his Country after the Declaration of Independence indicates the spirit in which our institutions were founded and shall ever be defended: "The general hopes and trust that every officer and man will endeavor to live and act as becomes a Christian soldier, defending the dearest rights and liberties of his country."

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

II. The spirit and effect of this order require that those who are excused by its terms from labor should not profane the day of rest by dissipation and frivolous amusements.

III. Attendance on theaters, billiard rooms, and other places of amusement on Sunday, although tolerated in this community by local custom, is dishonorable and contrary to orders, and to the duties which officers, and soldiers owe to themselves and the country, and will not be permitted.

IV. Local officers will make necessary orders for carrying these regulations into effect and the proper provost guards will arrest all officers and soldiers found in violation of this order after the 1st day of January, 1865.

V. This order will be read to all regiments, batteries, and detachments ont he first dress-parade after it is received.

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

JOSEPH HIBBERT, JR.,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE GULF, Numbers 30. Baton Rouge, La., December 28, 1864.

In pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 348, extract 4, headquarters Department of the Gulf, the undersigned assumes command of the Cavalry Division. The following staff is announced.

Major George W. Durgin, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry, as acting assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant J. Burgees, Eleventh New York Cavalry, as acting ordnance officer, First Lieutenant W. Hill, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry, as aide-de-camp.

J. BAILEY,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

PORT HUDSON, December 28, 1864.

General ANDREWS:

General Gillmore is here. Will make but a brief inspection and visit Baton Rouge to-night.

CHAS. B. ROHAN,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

