
the world, unrivaled Greece in the era of her greatest glory. We realize, my comrades, that union is peace in the future; that secession is discord and war in the future. We realize that this war is putting to test the blessings of popular government, nor is this unknown to the millions of human beings in other lands. They know at least that the distinctive principles of our nationality are knowledge and liberty. They know that it is here the electric telegraphs are invented. They expect, and they have a right to expect, that the supporters of such to the age in which we live, to our ancestors, to the tens of thousands already fallen; to our own honor we owe it that we falter not nor fail. Indeed, we are under obligations to mankind that we become completely triumphant. I am sure that you will press on with courageous hearts to the end. Soldiers of the Second Division! with heartfelt wishes for your prosperity and your glory, I bid you farewell.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., December 28, 1864.

Colonel W. F. GEIGER,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Brownsville, Ark.:

COLONEL: Organize an expedition of about 1,000 men to make a scout east of White River according to the programme previously indicated. Let them be ready to start next week. Do not send parts of regiments. Detailed instructions will be sent in a few days.

By command of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

LEG. BENEDICT,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., December 28, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The fleet of six boats has arrived, all loaded with forage. Colonel Glasgow, commanding the fleet, has orders to report at Little Rock with all the boats. He will probably start in an hour. If I do not receive an answer to my last dispatch before that time I will take the responsibility of detaining the Silver Wave until I received an answer.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Memphis, Tenn., December 28, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the cipher dispatch of the major-general commanding the division, dated 21st instant. As is already known to him, all the cavalry of this command is absent,

