
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 239. Saint Louis, Mo., December 28, 1864.

Surg. John F. Randolph, U. S. Army, is announced as medical director, Department of the Missouri, relieving Colonel Madison Mills, medical inspector-general.

Surgeon Randolph will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., December 28, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. M. HILLER,

Commanding Third Sub-District, Pilot Knob, Mo.:

Major-General Dodge has information which he deems pretty reliable that Jackman's rebel brigade is now in Strawberry Bottom, Ark. He desires that you send scouts and spies down there and ascertain all about the position, organization, numbers, and purposes of the enemy.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, December 28, 1864.

Major General J. G. BLUNT:

DEAR GENERAL: I am in receipt of yours, marked private, concerning the articles in the Mound City papers. I see no reason for marking the letter private, although some portions of it might implicate your motives. After the arrest of Jennison I wrote you that discussion should cease, as matters had taken a legal form. So your letter seems to discuss what I may have to hear through a legal tribunal, and it is therefore calculated to embarrass your testimony or your findings before a court. As to proof of which you speak, that will also be irregular if it be not taken before a court properly organized as a court of inquiry or a court-martial. We have already denounced all ex parte proceedings against officers, especially after they are arrested. In this regard your order presenting General Sanborn's indorsement of a design to get up a commission is unfortunate, as your order seems to approve of just what I have protested against, for I have written General Dodge calling his attention to such illegal ex parte tribunals, so as to invite rebels and knaves to swear vengeance against loyal troops and force our soldiers to compensate their malice and losses without confronting their victims, and either without even cross examination. I concur with you in the course of passing unheeded their fulminations of the press at Mound City, edited by Colonel Snoddy, although it may, indeed, seem to impair military discipline. It is best not to meddle with the freedom of the press, but your officers have been making very fine use of it, and need restraint. In this regard I have had occasion to speak to Colonel Moonlight of his recent order. One error does not justify another. Hurry up your report concerning the campaign against Price. I am anxious to send the papers forward. I presume they are desired to show the reason that induced the President to dispose of adjacent

