
department commanders. I have information of the removal of the Fayetteville and Fort Smith troops to Little Rock, but the matter is not entirely certain. If it be a fact, we must take measures to watch the mountain and river passes they have heretofore guarded. I shall know more of the matter soon.

Wishing you a merry Christmas and a happy New Year, I remain, general, yours, very truly,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., December 28, 1864.

Major R. H. ROSE,

Commanding Fort Wadsworth, Dak. Terr.:

MAJOR: In compliance with your request, General Sibley has directed the issue of an order this day giving you permission, without expense to the Government, to come to these headquarters to confer with him upon public matters connected with the post under your command. Before your departure from Fort Wadsworth in accordance therewith you are directed to furnish yourself with all the information to be obtained of the condition of the work on the buildings, the state of the Indians, and everything of importance which may be requisite for the information of the brigadier-general commanding. You will also give minute instructions to the officer left temporarily in command with reference not only to the defense and safety of the post during your absence and the general management of military details, but also of furnishing the proper details of men for preparing the timber, &amp;c., necessary for the continuation and completion of the fort. it is reported unofficially that thus far very little, if anything, has been done lately in that direction, much to the general's surprise. It is true there may be, and probably will be, a very few days when the weather is too intensely cold to expose working parties to its severity; but this will rarely occur. In the ordinary winter days the men will be in better health and morals when employed as indicated. Materials for the early completion of the quarters at Fort Wadsworth should be pressed constantly and unceasingly forward whenever practicable, and with the force which can be spared from military duty there should be no reason why ample preparation be not made to push to completion the buildings early in the spring. General Sibley expects you to make all necessary arrangements before you leave.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., December 29, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, &c., Washington, D. C.:

The operations of Generals Dana and Davidson from the Mississippi, and General Granger from the Gulf, besides the actual damage inflicted upon the enemy, have induced the Governors of Alabama and Mississippi to call out the militia of their States under the belief that Selma and

