SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 473. Washington, December 29, 1864.

* * * * *

47. Major J. N. McElroy, judge-advocate, will report in person without delay to the commanding general Department of the Missouri for assignment of duty.

* * * * *

By order of Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., December 29, 1864-8.10 p. m.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

I have had heavy scouts in Saline County and northeastern part La Fayette County for past week. Just come in; found no guerrillas. It is not improbable that much of the trouble recently in Saline was occasioned by local thieves, regardless of politics. Quantrill was in there three weeks ago. One McReynolds, near Miami, confessed to have fed and aided him all he could voluntarily. The scout shot him.

JNO. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding District.

WASHINGTON, December 29, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth:

GENERAL: It appears, from papers just submitted to the Secretary of War by the Commissary-General of Subsistence, that on or about the 9th of September last General Blunt directed a quantity of bacon to be taken from a train at Fort Larned en route for New Mexico for the supply of the troops in that department. Similar acts of this kind in Colorado Territory last year caused positive orders to be issued against taking anything from Government trains sent to New Mexico, and the Secretary of War regards General Blunt's conduct in this case as a violation of orders which should be immediately investigated and duly punished. It is no excuse that the District of Colorado was in want of supplies, for it was the duty of the officers there to have made the proper requisitions and procured their own supplies without molesting those sent to other departments. The troops in New Mexico have been seriously inconvenience by these unauthorized acts of officers in Colorado.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

PAOLA, December 29, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS:

Fort Scott is to be abandoned by all the troops next Saturday. Blair telegraphs me that he has this direct from General Thayer.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

