
against the Indians, only returning to his headquarters in Iowa late in November. By what process of reasoning you can persuade yourself that in an official report recounting the military operations of this year you, remaining quietly in Saint Paul, are entitled to the same credit and the same measure of recommendation as General Sully, who underwent all the toil and hardship of severe marches, who fought several large and successful battles, and who was responsible for the entire field operations in which you took no part, I am utterly at a loss to understand; nor has your letter in any manner changed or modified the opinion and recommendations expressed in my report. If your own opinion of my injustice to your remains unchanged, I respectfully suggest that you lay the whole matter before the authorities in Washington.

In conclusion, I must be permitted, general, to say that I was both surprised and shocked at receiving a letter from you containing what seems to me charges so entirely unfounded. If I had been asked to designate an officer in this department to whom I have always shown special consideration and regard, and who could not by any possibility have any complaint to make of me, you, general, would certainly have been the man. It seems, however, that you think I have been mistaken, but as you have failed to convince me that I am so, I must be permitted still to insist upon the propriety and entire justice of my report. I regret very much that this correspondence has been found necessary or expedient by you, but since you have thought it proper it only remained for me to make my views and opinions clear to you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., December 8, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to recommend Brigadier-General Sibley and Sully for promotion, in consideration of distinguished service, the former in the campaign of the past summer against the Sioux and the affairs of the 24th, 26th, and 28th of July; the latter in the severe action of September 3, at White Stone Hill.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., December 30, 1864-1 a. m.

(Received 9 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

My understanding was that Fort Smith and other posts in Arkansas west of Little Rock were ordered abandoned solely because General Steele had failed to supply them in season. The statement of General Steele brought by Captain Smith, of your staff, shows that Fort Smith at least is supplied and can be supplied by the Arkansas River. I would order Fort Smith held on to land all the other posts that can be supplied.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

