HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., December 30, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

If you contemplate any operations in the direction of Selma, I may be of service by demonstrations from some point on the Gulf. I can spare for this purpose from 15,000 to 20,000 men. Let me know in what way I can aid your operations and I will gladly employ all the force that I can gather up. Your success have given us great gratification.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILIARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., December 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi:

SIR: I have the honor to submit to your consideration a statement of the information received at this office this 30th day of December, 1864, from the following sources, a report from Lieutenant William Argo, Sedalia, Mo., December 15; the statement of Thomas Southerner, colored refugee, Vicksburg, Miss., December 23, 1864:

Missouri: Lieutenant Argo represents the Central District of Missouri as usually quiet; not many bushwhackers in the country.

Louisiana: On the 5th day of December, 1864, General Harrison's command was said to be under marching orders from Marshall, Tex. The rebel army, General Kirby Smith commanding, with headquarters at Shreveport, La., were reported moving to that place (Shreveport). A force of 800 men was detailed to make a road from Minden to Shreveport, a distance of eight miles, to connect with the old Minded road, in order that they could move their artillery to Shreveport. A gun-boat is stationed in the river at Shreveport; armament unknown. General Walker's division and Harrison's battery are located in Minden. General Magruder is also reported there.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK W. MARSTON,

Major, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 182. New Orleans, December 30, 1864.

I. Captain C. J. Walker, Second U. S. Cavalry, having been assigned to duty in this department as special inspector of cavalry is hereby announced as such.

II. All inspection reports of cavalry will be forwarded through him to these headquarters, and proved division and brigade inspectors will at once be appointed by him and announced in orders from these headquarters.

III. All requisitions for horses and ordnance stores for cavalry service will be forwarded through Captain Walker's office to these headquarters.

