
IV. The office of chief of cavalry having been abolished by Special Orders, Numbers 227, Military Division of West Mississippi, all duties hitherto assigned to the chief of cavalry of the department are devolved upon the special inspector of cavalry in all matters relating to equipment, supplies, and inspections, but not as to military movements.

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

JOSEPH HIBBERT, JR.,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, December 30, 1864.

(Received 4.20 p. m.)

Brigadier General G. L. ANDREWS:

West Baton Rouge and the region around it is interdicted ground. No commercial or other intercourse should be permitted. This is on account of the inhabitants harboring guerrillas and jayhawkers, and until they change their ways they will be cut off. Except for purely military purposes, no communication will be allowed. Confer freely with the naval officers, and there will be no difficulty or collision. You will find Lieutenant Cornwell an active and zealous co-operator.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, December 30, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Little Rock, via Cairo:

General Grant directs that if Fort Smith and its dependencies can be supplied by the Arkansas River, they will continue to be held by your troops so as to give protection to the people north of the Arkansas River.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

Commanding officer at Cairo will forward this to General Reynolds by a special messenger.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 92. Little Rock, Ark., December 30, 1864.

I. Fort the better organization of the provost-marshal's department and to avoid the complications resulting from the indiscriminate manner of appointment and removal, and the numerous offices, it is hereby ordered that no officer shall be appointed to act as provost-marshal except upon the recommendation of the post commander, approved by the provost-marshal-general of the department, when the appointment will be made at these headquarters.

II. The following places are named at which permanent provost-marshal offices are established, to wit: Little Rock, Pine Bluff, Browns-

