
ville Station, Devall's Bluff, Lewisburg, Helena, Saint Charles, and Mouth of White River. The commanding officer of the points named will immediately make recommendations of suitable officers for appointment, as provided in paragraph I of this order.

III. Provost-marshals under the direction of post commanders will be held responsible for the police and order of their respective posts.

IV. All reports and returns required by existing orders will be made as heretofore to the provost-marshal-general.

V. Only the following class of prisoners will be received in the military prison at Little Rock for confinement, viz: First, prisoners of war; second, citizens charged with violation of the laws of war; third, prisoners under sentence and persons charged with crimes of an aggravated nature. The last mentioned will not be forwarded without the approval of the provost-marshal-general of the department. Division commanders are directed to retain soldiers belonging to their divisions under charges within the limits of their commands.

VI. The provost-marshal-general of the department will send to their respective regiments all soldiers now confined in the military prison not included in the above classes, together with all papers connected with their cases that are on file in his office, for trial in the division to which they may belong, and he will also make a list of all citizen prisoners now confined in the military prison who have not received a trail, with all information relative to their cases now in his possession, and forward the same to these headquarters without delay.

VII. The necessary stationery and office furniture for each office, and the camp and garrison equipage for the use of prisoners, will be drawn from the quartermaster of the post, upon the proper requisitions, approved by the provost-marshal-general.

VIII. The provost-marshal-general of the department will furnish the necessary instructions and directions to insure uniformity in the action of the different offices.

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 321. Little Rock, Ark., December 30, 1864.

* * * * *

5. The Districts of Little Rock and the Frontier are hereby discontinued. The troops of the former will through division headquarters and the latter to Brigadier-General Thayer to department headquarters.

6. The detachment Fifth Kansas Cavalry is hereby relieved from duty with First Brigade, Cavalry Division, at Pine Bluff, and will proceed without delay to Saint Charles, Ark. The detachment Eighty-seventh Illinois Mounted Infantry now at Saint Charles, on being relieved by the detachment Fifth Kansas Cavalry, will proceed to Helena, Ark. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

7. The detachment Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry now at Helena, on being relieved by the Eighty-seventh Illinois Mounted Infantry, will proceed to Brownsville, Ark. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

